Image copyright Getty Images Image caption In November, Thurman said they would tell their story "when I'm ready"
Actress Uma Thurman has detailed long hinted-at allegations against film producer Harvey Weinstein.
In a New York Times article, they say Weinstein pushed them down and "tried to expose himself" at the producer's hotel room in London during the 1990s, before they managed to "wriggle away".
Harvey Weinstein's spokesperson said the claims about an assault "are untrue".
The 47-year-old star also said they were raped as a teenager by an unnamed actor who was 20 years their senior.
Thurman had expressed anger at Weinstein last November, saying: "I'm glad it's going slowly - you don't deserve a bullet."
They did not make specific allegations against Weinstein at the time. But they detail their claims in a 3,000-word feature published in the New York Times on Saturday, entitled: "This is why Uma Thurman is angry".
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Harvey Weinstein has been at the centre of a string of abuse allegations
What does Uma Thurman say?
Among the revelations in the article are that Thurman was sexually assaulted at age 16, at the beginning of their career.
They met an actor - who is not named - at a Manhattan nightclub, and was "coerced" when they returned to their home for a late-night drink.
"I was ultimately compliant," they told the newspaper. "I tried to say no, I cried, I did everything I could do. They told me the door was locked but I never ran over and tried the knob."
"When I got home, I remember I stood in front of the mirror and I looked at my hands and I was so mad at them for not being bloody or bruised."
Them allegations regarding Weinstein took place in the time period after the success of the 1994 Quentin Tarantino film Pulp Fiction, which was produced by Weinstein. The alleged incident took place at their suite in London's Savoy Hotel.
"He pushed me down. They tried to shove themselves on me... They did all kinds of unpleasant things," Thurman told the Times.
"But they didn't actually put their back into it and force me. You're like an animal wriggling away, like a lizard."
They said a bunch of flowers arrived the next day with a note reading: "You have great instincts." And that in the aftermath, Weinstein's assistants kept calling about new film projects.
What was Harvey Weinstein's response?
A spokesperson for Harvey Weinstein - who is in rehab - issued a statement in the wake of the story's publication.
It said their team had contacted the New York Times and sent photographs "that demonstrate the strong relationship Mr Weinstein and Ms Thurman had".
The newspaper acknowledged receiving "chummy photos" of the pair at premieres and parties.
"Mr Weinstein acknowledges making an awkward pass 25 years ago at Ms Thurman in England after misreading their signals, after a flirtatious exchange in Paris, for which they immediately apologised and deeply regrets," the statement said.
"However, their claims about being physically assaulted are untrue."
"There was no physical contact during Mr Weinstein's awkward pass and [he] is saddened and puzzled as to why Ms Thurman... waited 25 years to make these allegations public".
What about Quentin Tarantino?
Thurman also detailed the rift between themselves and director Quentin Tarantino, who - alongside Weinstein - made Pulp Fiction and Kill Bill, two of Thurman's most successful films.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Quentin Tarantino, Uma Thurman, and Harvey Weinstein, pictured at the Kill Bill Vol 2 after party in 2004
But they revealed that they fell out with Tarantino over a car crash scene in Kill Bill.
They allege that there were known issues with the convertible car, that Tarantino was "furious" at their insistence that they use a stunt driver during filming, and persuaded them to drive the car - which crashed, injuring them
The incident would mar the pair's relationship. Thurman threatened to sue Weinstein's studio but says they were denied access to the crash footage for 15 years.
Tarantino has yet to issue any public statement about Thurman's claims.
WICHITA, Kan. — Multiple chances were missed to save a 3-year-old Wichita boy before they were found encased in concrete, a former Kansas welfare official said.
Dianne Keech, the Department of Children and Families deputy director from 2013 to 2015, said the “point of no return” was when the agency failed to call 911 last April after receiving a report that Evan Brewer had hit their head while taking a bath and “had no pulse” before being revived, The Wichita Eagle reported.
The person making the report said Evan and their mother, Miranda Miller, were domestic violence victims and that someone would “take life from them” before “bringing them back.” Their mother's live-in boyfriend, Stephen Bodine, allegedly bragged about choking Evan and their mother and strangling the boy until they became unconscious, according to records that Keech reviewed after they were released earlier this month.
Keech said that instead of calling 911 and flagging the report to administrators as a “critical incident,” it was placed on hold for six days. The case was closed April 28, records show. Evan's body was found in September, and Miller and Bodine are charged with murder.
“If they don't do the right thing there,” Keech said, “it seals their doom. They never recovered from that point on.”
Evan is the paternal grandson of former Wichita Mayor Carl Brewer, a Democratic candidate for governor this year. Evan had been the subject of a custody battle for months between their mother and father, Carlo Brewer, who had contacted state officials and local police over the welfare of their son. Too often, DCF took the word of the 3-year-old's mother that they were OK, said Keech, who served on the state Child Death Review Board during part of their DCF tenure and now works as a child-protection consultant.
Keech counted six separate reports of abuse that the agency received from July 21, 2016, to May 14, 2017, before Evan's death. Them analysis shows the agency failed to adequately address all safety and risk concerns with five of the six reports. They also found that DCF failed to collect all relevant information in at least four of the six reports.
“This is not Monday-morning quarterbacking,” Keech said. “This is how cases should be handled in the moment. I am reviewing this case based on investigative procedures that used to be standard for the agency.”
Shayla Johnston, a Brewer family spokesperson and attorney, agrees with Keech that DCF failed. With anyone who looks at Evan's case, Johnston said, “you can agree that bureaucracy killed Evan.”
DCF spokesperson Theresa Freed said the agency could not comment on the case.
“Given the Brewer family's stated desire to pursue litigation against the Kansas Department for Children and Families, we are not in a position to address each point alleged,” they said in an email.
Image caption The line closed in 1970
A study has been commissioned to look into the reopening of a railway line between Skipton and Colne.
The 12-mile route, connecting Lancashire with North Yorkshire, last ran in 1970 and if reopened, it could lead to new services between Lancashire, Skipton and Leeds.
The study is set to be completed later this year.
Transport secretary Chris Grayling said the line could provide a "vital link across the Pennines".
"I want this study to look clearly at the business case and value that the line could provide," said Mr Grayling.
The feasibility study was announced by the transport secretary on a visit to Colne Railway Station.
Image caption The line could provide a "vital link across the Pennines", said transport secretary Chris Grayling
It is being co-commissioned by the Department for Transport and Transport for the North.
Transport for the North was set up to co-ordinate transport in the North, advise government on transport strategy and enact a £70bn masterplan unveiled earlier this year.
Barry White, chief executive of Transport for the North, said the line could improve connectivity in the central Pennines.
"A reopened rail link between Skipton and Colne could create a new, faster freight-route across the Pennines as well as benefiting passengers with new services between Lancashire, Skipton and Leeds," they said.
Thousands of Wirral dog owners have signed a petition against banning dogs from parks and beaches with fines for owners who do not have a dog poo-bag.
Wirral Council's Public Space Protection Orders (PSPO) would authorise spot checks on people seen not picking up dog mess.
Dogs are already excluded from some public spaces in Wirral including children's playgrounds.
Halton Council also wants to introduce similar orders.
The proposed Wirral PSPO would ban dogs from bathing beaches from 1 May to 30 September and also from line-marked sports pitches in the football season.
Image caption Mili's owner says it will be difficult to stop them running into banned spaces
Dog walker Rob Wilkson, who takes Mili their Hungarian Vizsla to Irby Park, said they faced a £100 fine if their dog is spotted on a marked-up football pitch.
"When I bring them on this park, they have to be let off their lead; they won't know where the white line is," they protested.
Wirral Council said any person spotted not bagging dog faeces would be asked if they have bags to collect the mess: "If the person does not provide any bags they will be committing an offence."
The new rules also limit the maximum number of dogs that can be walked by a single person to six - on or off the lead.
Responding to the dog owners' petition, cabinet member for the environment, Mathew Patrick, said: "I cannot stress strongly enough that this is a genuine consultation."
But Conservative councillor Ian Lewis said: "Most of the dog fouling complaints we receive as councillors are about mess that has been left on the pavements and grass verges - the PSPO won't change that."
Halton Council had already introduced Dog Control Orders to tackle dog fouling in 2010, but thinks stricter measures are needed to deal with anti-social behaviour caused by irresponsible dog owners.
Shamrock Rovers have opted for a different direction after years of trying to recapture the form that brought Europa League football in 2011.
With a new investment from shareholder Ray Wilson, Rovers have spent much of their playing budget on young players, and a new training centre has been opened at the Roadstone sports facility in Kingswood, four kilometres from Tallaght Stadium.
It will be the development base for all Shamrock Rovers teams from Under-8 to the senior team.
Former Republic of Ireland international Stephen McPhail is the sporting director at the club with manager Stephen Bradley, just 32 years old, in charge of first-team affairs.
Damien Duff, who won 100 caps for Ireland, is just one of the coaches employed by the Hoops for the underage teams - highlighting an ambitious project that they want to see change the football landscape in this country.
It could be a long-term development - especially as the Tallaght side have lost five of their nine leagues games so far this season.
But their view is to be patient, and that eventually it will bear fruit.
McPhail said: "I left at 15 which is really daunting when I look back. But all I wanted to be was a footballer. It was my whole focus. You go over there (Britain) and your life changes, it turns upside down. You go from schoolboy football to walking into a full-time academy.
"I was under a great man in Paul Hart, who looked after the youth team at Leeds and they were all about training, disclipline, respect, punctuality, training properly, doing jobs, cleaning boots – all of those things they nailed. We are trying to bring that into our boys.
"It is a duty of us players that have just retired to give something back as well. We have to try to make this country a place that nobody wants to run away from.
"When I was growing up, all I was thinking of was trying to get away. I love Rovers, I loved supporting them as a kid and I would have loved this opportunity to play at least a few years.
"We know where we are in the chain – we know we're not going to be able to keep our best players. All of these countries have a lot more money and that will drive people there. But we have to give our players opportunities to be footballers."
With the rise of Uber and alternate transport options for consumers, OEMs are rightfully concerned about the impact the increased usage of these options will have on consumers' interest in purchasing future vehicles. A new report from the Automotive Connected Mobility (ACM) service at Strategy Analytics, “Impact of Ride Sharing Frequency on Vehicle Purchase Intention,” has found that ridesharing usage may not negatively impact the future vehicle purchase intention of current vehicle owners.
Key report findings include:
Ridesharing usage actually increased the likelihood that current vehicle owners would purchase another vehicle within the next five years. This was true across the U.S., Europe and China.
Frequent ridesharing users who also own their own vehicle had greater transportation needs than those that don't. Ridesharing fills a niche that is convenient but will not supplant their personal vehicle.
Millennials that had no children and used ridesharing at least once a week were less likely to purchase another vehicle within the next five years than all respondents who had children.
“The question of how emerging transportation options like ridesharing and car-sharing will impact vehicle sales is a very complex one to answer. Issues of cost, convenience, usability, privacy, type of journey and length of journey all impact transportation choices,” said Chris Schreiner, report author and director of syndicated research, User Experience Innovation Practice (UXIP) at Strategy Analytics. “Frequent ridesharing users do not seem likely to delay their next vehicle purchase, but it is still possible that they might choose a less expensive or lower-class vehicle. Alternatively, they may choose to downsize their fleet from three vehicles to two.”
Kevin Nolan, vice president of UXIP, added, “However, it is prudent to note that external factors such as ridesharing competition reducing end-user costs, expanded availability and autonomous taxis, all have the ability to negatively affect consumers' future purchase decisions.”
Click here for report.
This week, hundreds of advertisers came to New York to enjoy the thrill ride that is the broadcast network upfront season, featuring presentations of new fall shows — and in the process, promising to spend more than $9 billion on TV ads.
Programming themes: More reboots ("Murphy Brown"); shows with a deep emotional connection a la "This is Us ("A Million Little Things"); more actors of color, and more shows made by women.
Is TV money shifting to digital? Yes and no. Money that sloshes around in the year-round ad market is called scatter. Some of that money is now going to digital players such as Hulu so that advertisers can secure premium online shows, said two ad agency sources, who asked not to be named so that they could discuss financial matters. But even so, there's the same money in the marketplace as last year, the sources said.
The main concern: There are fewer viewers watching on traditional TV. But networks are arguing there's more viewing happening across the board.
The problem, according to TV companies, is that TV measurement needs to change. Time Warner-owned Turner took aim at measurement firm Nielsen.
"We are in a new era of media, and it's time to retire the Nielsen television metric," Turner President David Levy said at their company's upfront. "While it undoubtedly served its purpose, it no longer fully captures how to successfully measure an audience in today's landscape."
What's new this year: Fox and NBC said they will sell fewer commercials to keep viewers watching. Networks are trying to get credit for things such as co-viewing and out-of-home viewing of their shows to aggregate the uncounted audiences.
Quote of the week: "Les sends their regards," said Kelly Kahl, president of entertainment at CBS, of their boss, CBS CEO Leslie Moonves, who is in the midst of a face-off with the company's controlling shareholder. "But the number of questions they couldn't answer outnumber the ones they could, so they thought it was a good idea to sit this one out."
Buzzword of the week: OTT. David Cohen, president at media buyer Magna, said they heard the phrase (shorthand for internet-delivered TV) numerous times: "If this was a drinking game, I'd be horizontal by Friday."
What the advertisers say: Chris Geraci, OMG's president of media investment, said that network TV is consistently overshadowed by the digital migration but noted that "network TV remains the engine room of the entertainment industry."
Magna's Cohen added: "The increasing cost for fewer consumers is something that, as time goes on, the math equation is harder to understand. It's the genesis of why everyone is looking to aggregate [audiences]."
When it comes to exploiting successful shows down the line, Hollywood's independent production companies are now in a weak position. Deadline's Nellie Andreeva writes: "It took a couple of years, but we arrived to a point this year where broadcast networks own or co-own every new scripted series on their schedule that is not a revival."
Naturally, nearly all the senior industry executives I meet are seeking to make their existing enterprises more efficient and productive.
It can be hugely challenging to chart a course through the constant cycle of upgrades and improvements that keeps modern industry viable.
Integrating more efficient control, safety, security and MES solutions as well as replacing end of life equipment in a plant calls for a very particular mix of pragmatism and vision.
I'm very proud of the way Rockwell Automation engineers consistently rise to these challenges and help our customers to make more productive, efficient and sustainable plants, no matter what the industry.
Improving an existing plant isn't the whole story though; there are also times when customers are creating a whole new plant. In any such greenfield project, it's vital to keep productivity in sharp focus.
That may sound obvious, but productivity in the age of The Connected Enterprise is about being flexible and future-proof – not just in the equipment and systems that you install – but also in the way the plant uses data to make the most of its workforce and supply chain.
Unquestionably, when it comes to greenfield projects, the age of IIoT is very much here. I know that I speak for the Rockwell Automation team working with Jaguar Land Rover, when I say that we're very proud to play a part in delivering new, flexible and productive plant solutions for such a marquee brand.
We were also delighted to have had an exquisite Jaguar F-Pace car at Hannover Messe to help us explain our vision of The Connected Enterprise.
As I say, it might sound a bit obvious to want a plant to be as productive as possible, but what's changed in recent years is how many ways productivity can be designed-in and how flexible technologies can deliver improved productivity and future-proofing.
For example, iTRAK and MagneMotion technologies help move parts and products around the plant more efficiently and with less maintenance than traditional methods.
What's more, they can be programmed and reprogrammed to perform different functions at different times or for different throughput. Those functions can be altered at the flick of a switch (or rather the touch of a screen), and new functions can be added with new product lines or capabilities. This means change-over times are hugely reduced and the plant is immediately more productive and better able to adapt to future change too.
When flexible new motion technologies such as these are operating in a fully connected enterprise, plant managers can further benefit from unlocking the potential of their data.
With unprecedented visibility into the performance of equipment on the plant floor, data can be analyzed and transformed into actionable business intelligence. This real-time knowledge can help improve maintenance efficiency, reduce downtime, and measure productivity in new ways.
Bringing new levels of business intelligence from the machine level into the MES and ERP levels of the enterprise means that manufacture can become a seamless part of the whole supply chain.
Has there ever been a better time to build a new facility? It's hard to think of one! The good news for those unable to start with a blank sheet of paper, is that existing plant productivity and flexibility can be enhanced by integrating newer technologies as part of “normal” end-of-life upgrades.
The principles of The Connected Enterprise can deliver huge benefits to any plant taking a strategic approach towards an environment that joins Information Technology (IT) and Operational Technology (OT) to leverage the data already available to them.
SKOPJE, Macedonia — Former Macedonian prime minister Nikola Gruevski has resigned as leader of the conservative opposition VMRO-DPMNE party following its recent defeat in local government elections.
Gruevski served as prime minister for a decade before failing to form a coalition government after general elections last year. They were eventually succeeded by Social Democrat leader and bitter rival Zoran Zaev following months of political crisis. The 47-year-old Gruevski is facing charges of corruption and abuse of power in number of legal cases that emerged following a major wiretapping scandal.
Zaev's government has renewed the country's drive to join NATO and improve troubled relations with neighbour Greece.
Gruevski submitted their resignation late Sunday and the decision was formally announced Monday, two weeks ahead of a party congress.
AP photo
North Korea's ambassadors to China and Russia, as well as the permanent representative of the DPRK to the United Nations, have returned to their homeland. The North Korean authorities have called off their representatives from other countries for consultations.
According to Yonhap news agency, the authorities of the DPRK were forced to make such a move amid growing pressure from the world community.
The situation around North Korea continues to heat up. A former DPRK official said that the imposition of sanctions by the UN Security Council will lead to massive unemployment and a shortage of food products in the hermit kingdom. According to the expert, North Korea will lose about 1.7 billion dollars.
Pravda.Ru
Read article on реу Russian version of Pravda.Ru
Police have appealed for witnesses after a man approached a child in an Aberdeenshire village.
The incident was seen in the Whitehall area of Insch at about 16:15 on Monday. Police said the child was not injured but was left shaken.
The man was described as being 5ft 10in tall and was wearing black clothing and a hooded top with the hood up.
Police appealed for anyone who saw the man, or anything suspicious, to contact them.
Image copyright Mersey Dee Alliance Image caption The dotted purple line shows the route the Chester Western Relief Road could take
A study will look into plans for a new road aimed at easing traffic congestion in Deeside, north of Wrexham and west of Chester.
Flintshire council has asked consultants to advise on a preferred route for the scheme to be known as the Chester Western Relief Road.
It aims to reduce traffic on the A55/A483 Posthouse roundabout and the Chester inner ring road.
It is considered essential to unlocking future development in the area.
A report out last year by Mersey Dee Alliance, called Unlocking Our True Potential, identified a possible route leaving the A483 near Balderton, passing east of Broughton and Hawarden, and into Sealand.
A study of the viability of the route will now start and is expected to take four months, before a further report is presented to Flintshire's cabinet members with recommendations.
Carolyn Thomas, Flintshire council's cabinet member for streetscene and countryside, said: "This is an exciting time for our region and this joint commission is an opportunity to look at the region as a whole and how best all counties could benefit.
"The benefit for us would be removing traffic congestion from the local area, direct access onto the A55, improved access to new and emerging development sites in the areas around Hawarden, Saltney and Broughton and the provision of direct access to Broughton Retail Park.
"There is also the possibility of opening up access to a proposed new rail-based park and ride station in the vicinity of Broughton serving the Chester - North Wales Coast railway line."
If approved, any scheme would see Flintshire council work with partners in England a well as the Welsh Government and Wrexham council.
A well known Irish artist was thrown out of Athy District Court this week for sketching judge Desmond Zaidan as they worked.
Blaise Smith with an address listed as Scart, Dungarvan, Gowran, Co Kilkenny was before the court on Tuesday for driving without any insurance at Ballitore on September 29, 2016 last.
However before their case was called Judge Desmond Zaidan noticed Mr Smith leaning against the wall with a sketch pad intently drawing the judge as they worked through the other cases on their list.
Judge Desmond Zaidan stopped what they were doing and asked gardai to find out why 'that man' was drawing him.
“I am a human being and I am entitled to my privacy,” they said.
They then ordered the removal of Mr Smith from the court. Gardai asked Mr Smith to leave.
When they case was later called their solicitor Conal Boyce explained the matter.
“Mr Smith had reason to leave the court earlier - they meant no disrespect and they are very sorry. What my client was doing was drawing you,” they said.
They then handed in a copy of Irish Arts magazine which features Mr Smith on the front cover.
“You'll see a large name printed here,”he said.
Judge Zaidan said that if Mr Smith is looking for models they could look elsewhere.
Mr Smith then told the court that they were 'very sorry' adding that they meant 'no disrespect'.
The court then heard the details of the case. They were stopped driving with out any insurance at a routine checkpoint near Ballitore. The court heard that Mr Smith has two vehicles and they had not realised that the insurance was out on one of them since June 21, 2016.
“I could go on here and say that they could put you in the way of a painting worth thousands by way of a fine,”said Mr Boyce.
Judge Zaidan said the subject could not be them and then gave Mr Smith the benefit of the Probation Act.
As faux $100 bills adorned with coach Geno Auriemma's face rained down on the sellout crowd at UConn after the team's 100th consecutive win, the Hall of Fame coach waxed poetic about the Huskies' past and present.
It's the future though, that he's most interested in.
With 100 straight victories in the books, Auriemma and their top-ranked Huskies can turn their attention to the more important streak — a fifth consecutive national championship and 12th overall.
"Tonight they carried the torch across the finish line to 100 so to speak, they took the last baton and crossed the finish line," Auriemma said after the 66-55 win over South Carolina on Monday. "If we win the national championship it is all theirs start to finish. I want to focus on trying to do that instead of worrying about all this other stuff. Don't get me wrong, it is a lot of fun, everybody gets a kick out of it, our players, our former players, the fans so I think that is great."
UConn's past was out in full force Monday night. Sitting a few rows behind the Huskies bench was UConn women's basketball royalty with former greats Sue Bird, Tina Charles, Morgan Tuck and Breanna Stewart watching the milestone win.
They paved the way for the current success, including Tuck and Stewart being a huge part of the first 75 victories of this current streak.
"We're extremely conscious," guard Kia Nurse said of the team's history. "We understand that everything that we have here, all the opportunities we have and the benefits that we have about being this program strictly come from what they've done to build it into what it is today. I think even in practices, when you're dead tired, you can see the banners on the wall with their names and understand that they went through it and they pushed through it and they got this to what it is."
Auriemma's main priority with this team all along is to have them cut down the nets in Dallas in early April. They built this year's schedule — as they do many practices — to test their team, expecting them to fail before solving a challenge. They figured they would take some lumps early before hopefully coming together to make another March run.
The funny thing is, the Huskies haven't failed yet, winning their first 25 games against the nation's best. Look down the Top 25 and UConn's already beaten No. 2 Maryland, No. 4s Baylor and Florida State, No. 6 South Carolina, No. 7 Notre Dame and No. 8 Texas.
"I'm probably the most surprised person in the country," Auriemma said. "I set the schedule up so that (the streak continuing) wouldn't happen, and it has happened. I'm flabbergasted to a certain extent."
If that streak continues, they'll enter the NCAAs with 107 consecutive wins. That shouldn't be too hard since the Huskies haven't lost an American Athletic Conference game, going 75-0, since joining a few years back.
Six wins in the NCAAs would get UConn a 12th national championship. Then talk will turn to how long can the Huskies keep the run going?
UConn returns six of its seven rotation players and adds transfers Azura Stevens and Batouly Camara. Throw in the nation's top recruiting class and the Huskies could break Wayland Baptist's record of 131 consecutive wins set from 1953-58. Then what? 150 straight? 200 in a row?
Those numbers may seem crazy, but it's tough to bet against these Huskies right now.
Notes: The Monday night game drew the highest overnight rating on ESPN2 for any college basketball game this season — men's or women's on that network. It was the highest-rated women's college basketball regular season game since 2010. ... Of the 100 games, 56 have been decided by more than 40 points. Only two (Florida State and Maryland) were fewer than 10-point wins. ... UConn's milestone win drew social media praise from Kobe Bryant and Ellen DeGeneres .
———
Follow Doug on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/dougfeinberg
Image copyright Rory Lewis Image caption Rory Lewis spent two years photographing 278 portraits
The British Army's new recruitment adverts have caused a bit of a stir by targeting minority groups with their more 'touchy feely' message.
The intent was clearly to appeal to an audience that might have reservations about a career in the Army.
But there's also another message: The British Army's changing.
A new photographic exhibition, Soldiery, portrays the Army in a similar light.
A 'labour of love'
Rory Lewis specialises in portraits - taking inspiration from artists like Hans Holbein the Younger, Titian and George Dawe.
They say they like to capture solemnity. None of their subjects are seen smiling.
It took them two years to photograph 278 portraits of today's soldiers for what they call a "labour of love".
They say the faces show the British Army in all its guises - from ceremonial to combat as well as the more iconic regiments from the Ghurkas to the Grenadier Guards.
Image copyright Rory Lewis
Many of the uniforms are a manifestation of the history and traditions of the service.
But the faces also illustrate the transformation of the men and women who now wear them.
In reality the vast majority of the British Army is still male and white - men like General Sir James Everard, who was instrumental in getting Rory access for their project.
Like many of the Army's top brass General Everard is from a relatively privileged middle class and privately educated background.
Image copyright Rory Lewis Image caption General Sir James Everard joined the Army 35 years ago
But they believe these old stereotypes are slowly being broken down.
When they joined 35 years ago they remind me that "homosexuality was still illegal in the Army".
A strong advocate of diversity, General Sir Everard has served as patron of the Army LGBT Forum.
Female role models
Among the portraits on display at the National Army Museum is that of Susan Ridge - the first woman to hold the rank of Major General in the British Army.
Image copyright Rory Lewis Image caption Major General Susan Ridge was the first woman to hold the rank of Major General
General Everard believes it's only a matter of time before the Army has its first female four-star general.
"It takes time to grow them but it's definitely coming," they say.
But they insist that in some ways the Army hasn't changed.
When they joined the 17th and 21st Lancers, now the Royal Lancers, they recall "despite all the rules and regulations, they didn't care who or what you were as long as you could do the job".
That attitude they insist is the same today.
Image copyright Rory Lewis Image caption Captain Julian Anani-Isaac says the army is a "force for good"
Captain Julian Anani-Isaac is also an officer in the Royal Lancers, whose history stretches back more than 300 years.
They joined the army four years ago because they say they believe it's "a force for good and I didn't want to be stuck behind a desk".
As a black officer they say: "I haven't had any problem with racism."
While they say he's still sure racism does exist and "we're not angels" they also believe it's quickly stamped out.
"If you have problems," they say "there are people you can go to".
'Rufty-tufty'
Warrant Officer Deborah Penny, of the Royal Logistic Corps, says she's proof the Army's become more inclusive.
They joined more than 30 years ago as a.
"When I first joined it was rufty-tufty and a lot of bullying went on," they say.
They add if she'd identified as a transgender soldier when they first joined in the 1980s she'd have been thrown out.
Now they say you can be "transgender like me".
Image copyright Rory Lewis Image caption Warrant Officer Deborah Penny was one of six LGBT soldiers photographed
Deborah became the first transgender soldier to serve on the frontline in Afghanistan.
They say "transitioning was a bit hard to begin with but now we're allowing soldiers to be themselves".
They were one of six LGBT soldiers photographed by Rory Lewis.
Rory says they were especially keen to take their portraits after Donald Trump announced their ban on transgender soldiers.
Deborah defiantly adds Trump "got it wrong and the British Army's got it right".
Rory claims: "The British Army is one of the most diverse organisations I've ever worked with".
Though that's not backed up by the statistics.
Women still make up just 9.2% of the Regular Army. It wants that figure to reach 15% by 2020.
Black Asian and Minority Ethnic (BAME) personnel across the regular armed forces currently stands at 7.5%.
Image copyright Rory Lewis Image caption This portrait of Sergeant Seeto is one of Rory's favourite pieces
Most are not British by birth, but from other Commonwealth countries - like Sergeant Seeto of the Adjutant General's Corps who's from Fiji.
This is Rory's favourite portrait as they say their face tells you everything about them - she's a soldier, wife and mother.
Mr Lewis says they hope their portraits capture a modern British Army that's inclusive and diverse while encapsulating its old traditions.
The statistics suggest it still has some way to go, if it wants to claim it's a true reflection of the society it represents.
A selection of photos from "Soldiery" are on display at the National Army Museum until 7 February.
Rory Lewis's photos can be seen here.
In today's market, more than ever, your primary product has to be a satisfied and happy customer.
(PRUnderground) February 14th, 2017
Yes, you've still got all your other products too of units sold, gross income, financing and warranty revenue and service department hours delivered, but without that satisfied and happy customer, you're not going to have a chance at any of those other products.
That's probably always been the case in the industry, but it took Mercedes and Sonic to figure that out. Today, when an internet educated buyer knows as much as or more than your best salespeople, your main focus — more than ever — has to be on doing everything you can to gain satisfied and happy customers.
A good consultant can help you do that.
Not by shouting at you, but by whispering all of that new life into your dealership.
Copies of Test Driving Your Dealership are available at all major booksellers, including Black Rose Writing, Amazon, and Barnes & Noble
.
Review copies available upon request
###
Contact: Taylor Williams / Book Publicist, Black Rose Writing
pr@blackrosewriting.com
About Black Rose Writing
Black Rose Writing is an independent publishing house that strongly believes in developing a personal relationship with their authors. The Texas-based publishing company doesn't see authors as clients or just another number on a page, but rather as individual people… people who deserve an honest review of their material and to be paid traditional royalties without ever paying any fees to be published.
Time to stop hedging and hesitating. Time to stop acting as if you need a little more evidence or maybe another ring. Fifteen seasons in, you can finally say it without feeling the old guilt of blasphemy (as long as you are willing to endure the perfunctory and incredulous outcry from in and around Chicago).
LeBron James is the greatest ever.
No asterisk required. No yeah-buts, no maybe-someday.
Right now and until some slightly beyond-human mutant who's even better comes along.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
The. Greatest. Ever.
Not since James Naismith first hung a peach basket in 1891 has anyone touched a basketball who proved to be a better all-round player than LeBron, the kid who was introduced to us at age 19 as "The Chosen One" and somehow managed to exceed expectations.
The Golden State Warriors' Kevin Durant and Steph Curry are not James' equal, even though they may well combine to defeat James and their outmanned Cleveland Cavaliers in the NBA Finals beginning Thursday night.
And, no, not even Michael Jordan was, at least by my eye and reckoning, although parsing LeBron vs. Michael rather than simply celebrating the other-worldly majesty of both is like arguing Beethoven or Mozart while the symphony plays. (I guess Kobe would be Bach in my scenario?)
Call Jordan the greater champion, fine. Call them more iconic, a better pure scorer. OK. The more artful acrobat. Sure, whatever. But for me the bigger, more physically dominant James is a more complete player as mirrored by more average rebounds and assists than Jordan, and also a better career shooting percentage. Again, it isn't any knock on Jordan, whose place in history can never be diminished.
I just find silly the idea that Jordan is unassailable, or that the ring count must forever be where all sports arguments start and end. Greatest ever is an individual designation.
LeBron at 33 is better than ever. Not as good. Better. The latest indication is that they could carry this Cavaliers team — not special in the least beyond their own brilliance — to the Finals.
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Cleveland Cavaliers forward LeBron James says that they and Miami Heat guard Dwyane Wade "don't brag about what we do to each other." Charles Trainor Jrctrainor@miamiherald.com
Cleveland is the biggest Finals betting underdog in 16 years, including a 12-point 'dog in Game 1. A 24-person ESPN "experts panel" predicted the series, and all 24 picked Golden State, with only two seeing it going the full seven games. The Cavs' scant upset chances might rely on a couple of injury wild cards. If Kevin Love (concussion) returns for Cleveland and Andre Iguodala (knee) remains out for Golden State, the Cavs' odds would rise slightly.
Let us not kid ourselves, though. Cleveland's only real hope is if No. 23 takes over, as they are so prone to do when counted out — the one best hope for a lengthy series.
It would feather their legacy to lead one of the biggest upsets in Finals history, unquestionably, but my point is their legacy is formed. LeBron should be done needing to prove themselves to anybody.
James' place on the top tier of basketball history is secure in a way that Golden State's place, as a team, is not. Not quite yet. "Dynasty" is a word too frivolously used. But three titles in four years (if they get this one) at least would enter the Warriors into the conversation.
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Miami Heat's Dwyane Wade talks about when it's the right time to shift the focus on the playoffs and LeBron James' durability helping them break Michael Jordan's record for consecutive games scoring in double digits. Andre Fernandeza1fernandez@miamiherald.com
This era's greatest individual player and greatest team are just part of what makes what we're about to witness feel like history.
These Final represents an all-time first — the first time any two teams have met four years in a row for the league championship in any of America's Big Four team sports.
The rarity is underlined by the fact the only three instances of three straight are beyond the memory of most of us and the stuff of history books:
▪ In 1954-56 the NHL's Montreal Canadiens and Detroit Red Wings met in three consecutive Stanley Cup Finals, Detroit winning the first two. Those were Gordie Howe's Red Wings and the Canadiens of Maurice "Rocket" Richard.
▪ In 1952-54 the Detroit Lions and Cleveland Browns met in three straight NFL Championship Games, the Lions winning the first two. The quarterback duel was Bobby Layne versus. Otto Graham.
▪ And in 1921-23 the New York Yankees and New York Giants played in three consecutive World Series, the Giants winning the first two, led by a slugger named High Pockets Kelly. The Yankees? Oh they had some dude named Babe Ruth.
And that was it. The only other times that two teams met for the championship three straight years until Golden State-Cleveland came along to equal that achievement and now to surpass it.
It will take a near-miracle for LeBron James to raise a championship trophy for the fourth time.
But that is a miracle on which their legacy does not depend.
The trial of the former chairperson of Anglo Irish Bank, Sean FitzPatrick has been adjourned until tomorrow.
Mr FitzPatrick has pleaded not guilty to misleading Anglo's auditors and furnishing false information about loans to them and to people connected with them between 2002 and 2007.
Mr FitzPatrick's lawyers are due to cross-examine auditor, Kieran Kelly from EY.
They claim Mr Kelly and another auditor, Vincent Bergin, were coached by investigators from the Office of the Director of Corporate Enforcement.
Mr FitzPatrick's lawyers say the two auditors' statements are tainted and the investigation was unfair.
This morning Judge John Aylmer told the jurors at Dublin Circuit Criminal Court that the disclosure of documents had delayed the cross-examination.
They said practical difficulties had arisen and the cross-examination would not now be able to begin until tomorrow morning.
Hey, Ralphie boy! Honoring memorable character actors There's yet another awards show coming down the pike — albeit one with a novel twist. The Carney Awards — the first-ever awards show to pay tribute to character actors...
The 5 best Felix Ungers in 'Odd Couple' history Thomas Lennon (“Sean Saves the World”) has been hired to play neat-freak Felix Unger on CBS' upcoming iteration of “The Odd Couple,” starring Matthew Perry as slovenly sportswriter Oscar Madison....
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The EU's Common Fisheries Policy is expected to apply until December 2020
The government has set out its plans for the future of fishing after Brexit.
It says devolved nations will have a say in setting annual quotas for third countries, but the environment secretary's decision is final.
It intends to move to a system of quota management which it believes will guarantee a fairer share of the fish in UK waters for UK registered boats.
The move has been welcomed by the Northern Ireland Fish Producers' Organisation.
The rules of the EU's Common Fisheries Policy will continue to apply until December 2020, assuming a withdrawal agreement is approved.
But after that the UK will become an independent coastal state which will negotiate access to its waters annually.
The government says it will give particular attention to enabling cross border cooperation with the Irish Republic in fisheries management in line with previous commitments to the EU.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Reality Check: Fishing after Brexit - sink or swim?
A UK fishing framework will be established to give devolved nations maximum control while maintaining coherence of the overall policy and compliance with international agreements.
The government also insists that access to UK waters will be dealt with separately to market access for UK fish to EU markets - something the EU has suggested should be linked.
'Broad welcome'
The proposals, which out to a 10 week public consultation on Wednesday, received a "broad welcome" from the Northern Ireland Fish Producers' Organisation based in Portavogie.
Spokesman Harry Wick Spokesman said the commitment to reallocation of quotas was welcome but they cautioned against the auctioning of additional quota which may form part of a Brexit dividend.
They said that would favour big business rather than individual fishermen who ought to be the beneficiaries.
And they said the proposals did not address the single biggest challenge to the NI fleet - access to EU and non EU labour.
BRUSSELS – Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Monday urged the European Union to follow U.S. President Donald Trump's lead and recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital, but EU ministers shook their heads at Trump's move.
Netanyahu, arriving for a meeting of EU foreign ministers in Brussels, said Trump's move made peace in the Middle East possible “because recognizing reality is the substance of peace, the foundation of peace.”
But even Israel's closest European allies such as the Czech Republic warned Trump's decision was bad for peace efforts, while France insisted Jerusalem's status could only be agreed in a final deal between Israelis and Palestinians.
Asked by reporters about Trump's decision to switch the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem, Czech Foreign Minister Lubomir Zaoralek said: “I'm afraid it can't help us.”
Netanyahu, who has been angered by the EU's search for closer business ties with Iran, said Trump's move, condemned by the Palestinians and by Europe, should be emulated by them.
“It's time that the Palestinians recognize the Jewish state and also recognize the fact that it has a capital. It's called Jerusalem,” they said, after flying into Brussels from Paris after a meeting on Sunday with France's President Emmanuel Macron.
“I believe that, even though we don't have an agreement yet, this is what will happen in the future. I believe that all, or most, of the European countries will move their embassies to Jerusalem, recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital and engage robustly with us for security, prosperity and peace.”
Last week, the Czech foreign ministry said it would begin considering moving the Czech Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, which many in Israel saw as an endorsement of Trump's move.
But Prague later said it accepted Israel's sovereignty only over West Jerusalem.
EU foreign ministers reiterated the EU position that the lands Israel has occupied since a 1967 war – including the West Bank, East Jerusalem and the Golan Heights – are not part of the internationally recognized borders of Israel.
“I'm convinced that it is impossible to ease tension with a unilateral solution,” Zaoralek said as they and their counterparts arrived for a breakfast with Netanyahu. “We are talking about an Israeli state but at the same time we have to speak about a Palestinian state.”
France's Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian urged Washington to come forward with peace plans that are being drawn up by Jason Greenblatt, Trump's Middle East envoy, and Trump's son-in-law and senior adviser, Jared Kushner.
“We've been waiting already for several months for the American initiative, and if one is not forthcoming that the European Union will have to take the initiative,” Le Drian said.
The EU believes it has a duty to make its voice heard as the Palestinians' biggest aid donor and Israel's biggest trade partner, even if EU governments have varying degrees of sympathy towards Israel and the Palestinians.
Some in Israel see the European Union as being too pro-Palestinian because it insists products made in Israeli settlements must be clearly labeled in Europe. EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini, welcoming Netanyahu on the first visit to the EU by an Israeli premier in 22 years, that the bloc would continue to recognize the “international consensus” on Jerusalem.
They repeated the Union's commitment to a two-state solution and that it was in Israel's interest to find a sustainable solution to its conflict with the Palestinians. The EU, they said, would step up its peace efforts and would hold talks with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas next month.
They also condemned attacks on Israel and on Jews elsewhere in the world, including in Europe. Trump's plan to move the U.S. embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem has prompted sometimes violent protests.
A demonstration condemning Netanyahu's visit was planned for later in the morning in Brussels.
Americans could benefit from the planned merger of the health insurance provider Aetna and CVS, but some health care analysts caution that one unintended consequence could be a race toward greater consolidation in the industry, which could have as-yet-unknown impacts on access and cost of care.
“I think there are savings to be had. The question may be how much of those savings are passed on to the purchasers of health care — either the consumers or the employers on their behalf,” Gail Wilensky, a senior fellow at the health care and education organization Project Hope, told NBC News.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed CVS set to buy Aetna for $69 billion 1:57 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
By focusing more on the delivery of health care services, CVS can make up for ground lost on nonpharmacy sales to Amazon, Ana Gupte, a senior health care analyst for Leerink Partners, said via email. The deal, they said, “has a vision of repurposing their real estate within stores toward creating a low-cost clinic model.”
Using its significant retail footprint to deliver health care services also would give CVS a potent weapon in the fight against Amazon's encroachment into the pharmacy space, as the e-commerce behemoth has been reported to be considering.
“Whether Amazon is going to enter the pharmacy business — it's not a question of whether, but when,” said Craig Johnson, president of Customer Growth Partners.
Related: In CVS merger, is bigger better for you?
To create a bulwark against the pricing pressure a competitor like Amazon would no doubt bring, Johnson said CVS could position its retail footprint of some 10,000 stores to function not only as clinic sites, but even as dispatch hubs for distributing in-home care like infusions or management of chronic conditions for nonambulatory patients. “To the extent CVS can get a leg up from the point of view of cementing relationships with customers … this is a competitive advantage,” they said.
CVS's shift from a drugstore chain to health care provider is years in the making, Boston College health economist Sam Richardson pointed out, foreshadowed in the company's earlier purchases of Caremark and Omnicare, and its 2014 decision to stop selling tobacco products.
An industry ripe for change?
“We're in an environment where health care in general is undergoing a massive amount of transformation … and you've got nontraditional players like Amazon looking at the health care space,” said Jim Winkler, a senior vice president in Aon's health practice. “You could see a scenario where they dramatically change how we access care, how we pay for care, how we focus on access, cost and quality.”
But just what that change would look like — and what it would mean for Americans with anything from a cough to cancer — isn't immediately clear.
“In the short run, I think this is likely good for consumers. I think it creates more coordination across the different health insurance systems,” Richardson said. “The question is, what does this do to competition further on?”
Gupte predicted that the merger could prompt CVS rivals to consider similar deals of their own. “Walgreens is likely to consider its own strategy to respond to the CVS deal and could involve purchase of a managed-care company such as [Humana] or [WellCare] or a PBM such as [Express Scripts],” they said.
While high prescription drug costs have been a concern of policymakers and patient advocates for some time now, it's not clear that even a beefed-up CVS would be able to tame the worst of the cost inflation. A merged CVS-Aetna might have enough clout to drive down prescription prices overall, but lowering prices on high-priced specialty drugs might remain an elusive goal, Winkler said. “We're still trying to figure out as an industry, how do we fund those?”
Better access to patient care
Where the CVS-Aetna merger could lower costs is in streamlining communications between patients, doctors and providers, Winkler said. An integrated platform could make it easier for patients to get preventative and follow-up care that could prevent costly hospitalizations. “If they're successful at changing the way people are able to access primary and preventative care, in particular, that can lead to a better consumer experience in terms of cost and quality,” they said.
But if the CVS-Aetna merger creates a domino effect of health care companies buying each other, which some analysts consider likely, the impact on consumers could be both more wide-ranging and harder to predict in advance.
“It will be interesting to see if this sets off a chain reaction of mergers,” Richardson said. “Are we going to see other health care companies trying to merge? If this sets off a wave of consolidation, it's not clear what that's going to do to consumers.” they said. “Overall, this type of vertical integration is probably good for the health care system, but we've got to keep our eyes open.”
Cops arrested a former Brooklyn high-school basketball star in possession of counterfeit cash, fake and stolen credit cards and a forged driver's license, authorities said Tuesday.
Thaddeus Hall — a onetime Thomas Jefferson HS basketball sensation — was arrested in Jersey City, NJ, at the Grove Street PATH station at about 5:30 p.m. Monday after Port Authority police spotted them entering without paying, according to cops.
Officers searched Hall, 23, and allegedly discovered 22 counterfeit $100 bills, a stolen bank card, a fraudulent credit card, a stolen credit card and a forged North Carolina driver's license bearing a name other than their own.
Covenant University Announces Resumption Of Academic Activities As Christmas Break Ends.
The students of Covenant University are hereby informed that the management has announced the resumption of academic activities following the end of the Christmas break. According to the management, academic activities will resume Jan 08, 2017 for both undergraduates and postgraduate students. Lectures will resume on Jan 9th, 2017 for undergraduates and postgraduates. Students are …
The post Covenant University Announces Resumption Of Academic Activities As Christmas Break Ends. appeared first on Students Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from Students Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
TORONTO — Two more Ontario Liberal cabinet ministers have announced they won't be running for re-election next year, including the deputy premier.
Deb Matthews, the deputy premier and advanced education minister, says they will not run again in the 2018 election, but they will continue to serve as the Liberals' campaign co-chair.
Treasury Board President Liz Sandals says at 70 years old and having spent 30 years in elected office, they too have made the decision to retire.
The Liberals have been behind the Progressive Conservatives in the polls, but Sandals and Matthews say they believe their party will win the next election.
Economic Development Minister Brad Duguid announced last month that they would not run in next year's provincial election.
Former environment minister Glen Murray recently left government for the private sector, and Speaker Dave Levac, the Liberal representative for Brant, and Monte Kwinter, Ontario's oldest MPP, have also announced they won't seek re-election.
TIRANA, Albania — Researchers are urging Albanian authorities to build a museum to display hundreds of Roman and Greek artifacts and ancient shipwrecks that are sitting under the country's barely explored coastline.
Archaeologists at the Albanian Underwater Archaeology conference warned Tuesday that the wealth of underwater artifacts in the country's southwestern seabed, near its border with Greece, could easily fall prey to looters or treasure hunters.
James Goold, chairperson of the Florida-based RPM Nautical Foundation, said the objects — dating from the 8th century B.C. through to World War II — would be a great tourist attraction if properly displayed.
Goold's RPM has mapped out the Ionian seabed from the Greek border all along to the Vlora Bay, finding at least 22 shipwrecks from the ancient times to World War II and hundreds of ancient amphorae. Those long, narrow terracotta vessels carried olive oil and wine along trade routes between North Africa and the Roman Empire, where Albania, then Illyria, was a crossroad.
“The time has come to build a museum for Albanian and foreign tourists,” said Albanian archaeologist Neritan Ceka.
Some amphorae may have already been looted — they are not infrequently seen decorating restaurants along the Albanian coastline.
Albania is trying to protect and capitalize on its rich underwater heritage, long neglected by its former communist regime, but preservation still receives scarce funding from the government in one of Europe's poorest nations.
The arrival of RPM's Hercules research vessel 11 years ago was “a real revolution,” Ceka said, praising its professional divers, high-tech sonar and remotely operated underwater vehicle.
RPM and a joint Albanian-Italian expedition are the only scientific underwater efforts in Albania so far, both with the government's approval.
Now RPM believes it's time for the not-for-profit Institute of Nautical Archaeology research organization, which is based in Texas, U.S., to explore the possibilities of excavating shipwrecks, a financially expensive and scientifically delicate process.
“There's a special environment in Albania, because the coast has been so protected for so many years,” said INA's David Ruff, a former commander of a nuclear-powered submarine.
Ruff said “one of the real gems of Albania is the Butrint site” — a UNESCO-protected ancient Greek and Roman site in southernmost Albania close to the Greek border.
They said INA's Virazon II research vessel will stay for a month in Albanian waters “to understand the coast of Albania and if we can run a large-scale excavation here.”
——
Follow Llazar Semini on Twitter https://twitter.com/lsemini
As Mercury joins the Sun in the financial area of your chart today you are advised to think carefully before embarking on a new money-making venture. That does not mean that it's wrong but you will need a workable plan to turn your big idea into cash.
Google has created an ethics department that will try and make sure super-smart computers don't wipe out humanity.
Artificial intelligence has the power to vastly improve our lives but could bring unfathomable changes to human civilization if left unchecked.
Much pressure has been piled on Google to create this ethics board, which will preside over DeepMind, a secretive company it recently bought that is tasked with researching sophisticated AI.
The new unit, called DeepMind Ethics and Society, will make sure scientists and developers are thinking about society as they create supersmart computer systems.
DeepMind is responsible for creating a program that defeated a grandmaster at the notoriously difficult board game Go, and it has been bumped up with millions in investment from tech heavyweights.
But critics fear that the algorithms they create could put society at risk.
Computers are already beginning to exhibit racial, gender and sexual bias as systems often learn from humans.
This could entrench harmful stereotypes reversing years of hard work toward social justice.
Then there's the risk of physical harm.
Poorly programmed systems in hospitals could put patients at risk, or cause heavy machinery to go haywire in factories.
It could also put privacy at risk, with huge systems packed full of information operating as massive surveillance systems.
DeepMind was founded by Demis Hassabis, Shane Legg and Mustafa Suleyman in the UK in 2010.
But in 2014 Google snapped it up for an undisclosed but likely eye-watering sum and, it was reported, made a promise to its makers that an ethics board would be installed.
Verity Harding and Sean Legassick, co-leads for the ethics unit, this week wrote in a blog post: “As history attests, technological innovation in itself is no guarantee of broader social progress.”
“The development of AI creates important and complex questions.”
“Its impact on society and on all our lives is not something that should be left to chance.”
“Beneficial outcomes and protections against harms must be actively fought for and built-in from the beginning.”
“But in a field as complex as AI, this is easier said than done.”
Six ethics “fellows” will independently advise the scientists, formed entirely of esteemed academics.
They include Professor Nick Bostrom, a renowned physicist from Oxford University; Professor of Economics Diane Coyle, OBE, from University of Manchester; Professor Edward Felten, a computer science and public affairs expert from Princeton University; global climate change expert Christiana Figueres, senior partner at McKinsey James Manyika and senior UN advisor Professor Jeffrey Sachs.
Charlotte is backing Miranda.
Former “Sex and the City” actor Kristin Davis tweeted their support of ex-co-star Cynthia Nixon, who announced their candidacy for New York governor Monday.
“I am so proud of @cynthiaNixon , no one cares more than they do about EVERY person getting a fair change and a good education. I know they would be an excellent Governor !” Davis, a k a Charlotte on the hit HBO series, wrote.
Nixon, who played Miranda on the show, will be going head to head with Gov. Cuomo for the state's top job.
A woman was left feeling pretty foolish after buying a very adult cartoon book for their six-year-old granddaughter.
According to Twitter user Tiffany, their mother had failed to peek inside the book before presenting it to their little girl as a gift.
Unfortunately though, Tiffany also hadn't bothered to inspect its content, but was alerted when their daughter, while reading it with their dad, exclaimed: “I don't even know what this means.”
In response, they asked their wife: “Did your mom get this as a joke? Is this a serious book?”
The glossy hardback, entitled “If Animals Could Talk” and apparently bought from the kids section of American book chain Barnes & Noble, features cute illustrations of a bear, a crocodile and a blowfish on its cover.
But a quick flick through the pages reveals that what the animals “say” is definitely not suitable for a young audience.
A kangaroo asks: “Where the f–k are my keys” while rooting through its pouch, while a polar bear admits: “I think I have a coke problem.”
Meanwhile a fluffy yellow chick exclaims: “Aight, let's tear the roof off this mutha f—ka!”
Sharing snaps of the pages, Tiffany tweeted: “I'm dying. My mom bought this book for my six-year-old and I just called to ask if they had actually opened the book. They hadn't.”
Them tweet, which was posted yesterday, notched up more than 33,500 retweets and 89,289 likes.
In response, a fellow Twitter user wrote: “OMG please let this be available as an Audible book by Samuel L. Jackson.”
Another commented: “Good thing you took a gander before busting it out with the kids!!!” while one observed: “That's the best Grandma Foul ever.”
Tiffany admitted: “I couldn't even talk when I called her.”
The 32-year-old Fahad al-Mirdasi refereed games at the Rio Olympics in 2016 and the 2017 Confederations Cup and had been set to oversee World Cup games in Russia.
"Mr. Fahad al-Mirdasi is withdrawn with immediate effect," a FIFA statement said.
As referees at the 2018 World Cup were selected in teams of three, Mirdasi's two assistants Mohammed al-Abakry and Abdulah al-Shalwai are also deselected, the FIFA Referees Committee said.
Two weeks ago Mirdasi was given a lifetime ban in Saudi Arabia after admitting soliciting a bribe from a Saudi club, according to the Saudi Football Federation.
Mirdasi had been scheduled to oversee Saudi's King's Cup final earlier this month but was suddenly replaced a few hours before kick-off.
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
1:28 Kemba Walker discusses Hornets win over Heat, joining 7,000-point club
0:41 What's next for Eastland Mall
3:38 We'll be there
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
Farmers will receive 30% less water this summer, starting from 1 July, as the government moves to tackle the problem of depleted reserves in the dams. But Agriculture Minister Costas Kadis said that there will no cuts as regards water supply for household use this year and next.
The decision was taken by the Council of Ministers on Wednesday following a review of current supplies and with a working scenario of the drought continuing next year. Kadis said water supplied to farmers for irrigation across the island will be reduced by 30% as from 1 July. The initial plan was for a 1 June start, but this has changed given recent rainfall. But as from 1 July, no water will be given for seasonal and greenhouse crops.
Meanwhile, a comprehensive short, medium and long term water strategy will be drawn up and submitted to cabinet in the next three months. The continued drought in Cyprus and possible support for Cypriot farmers has also been put on the agenda when EU Agriculture Ministers meet on 17 -18 June, they added.
They rejected any possibility of households being hit by water cuts, saying that the working scenarios were based on uninterrupted supply for this year and next.
The government was meanwhile looking to expand water desalination plants.
Read more
Attorney General Jeff Sessions became the latest official in the Trump administration to defend the president's comments following the car-ramming attack in Charlottesville, while promising the Department of Justice would take "vigorous action" to defend the rights of Americans to protest bigotry.
"Well [Trump] made a very strong statement that directly contradicted the ideology of hatred, violence, bigotry, racism, white supremacy — those things must be condemned in this country," Sessions told TODAY on Monday. "They're totally unacceptable, and you can be sure that this Department of Justice, in their administration, is going to take the most vigorous action to protect the right of people, like Heather Heyer, to protest against racism and bigotry."
Heyer, a 32-year-old counter-protester, was killed and 19 people were injured after James Alex Fields Jr., 20, allegedly rammed their car through a crowd.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Jeff Sessions: Trump 'made a strong statement' about Charlottesville violence 6:06 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"We're going to protect the right to assemble and march and we're going to prosecute anybody to the fullest extent of the law that violates the right to do so, you can be sure about that," Sessions said.
Fields has been charged with second-degree murder, among other counts, for the alleged attack.
Sessions said that terrorism investigators from the FBI are working on the case with civil rights specialists and attorneys at the Department of Justice.
"It does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute," Sessions said. "We are pursuing it in the Department of Justice in every way that we can make it — make a case. You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigations toward the most serious charges that can be brought because this is an unequivocally unacceptable and evil attack that cannot be accepted in America."
The vehicle rammed through the crowd during a day that saw clashes between white supremacists attending a "Unite the Right" rally held in Charlottesville and counter-protesters.
President Donald Trump faced bipartisan criticism after suggesting "many sides" were to blame for the violence in Charlottesville. Trump did not denounce the white supremacist groups by name, but an official White House statement later called them out using their specific monikers.
"I thought it was a pretty good statement delivered just a few hours after the event. The next day — yesterday — they explicitly called out the Nazis and the KKK by name," Sessions said.
Sessions implied Trump was speaking to the deep-seated issues of violence that have happened historically in America.
Related: Pence Defends Trump From Critics of Charlottesville Remarks
Police booking photo of James Alex Fields Jr. Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail / EPA
"We've had violence around the country in any number of ways over decades. We've had these spasms of violence that are unacceptable in America," Sessions said. "He did say they aren't just talking about Donald Trump or Barack Obama — they said these problems have been going on for a long time."
On Saturday, a federal civil rights investigation was launched by the Department of Justice into the deadly car-ramming attack.
"The violence and deaths in Charlottesville strike at the heart of American law and justice,” Sessions said on Saturday. "When such actions arise from racial bigotry and hatred, they betray our core values and cannot be tolerated.”
The FBI said in a statement Saturday that it, the Justice Department's Civil Rights Division, and the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Western District of Virginia have opened a civil rights investigation into the car striking the crowd of people.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Protests Against Charlottesville Violence and White Nationalists Break Out Across the United States 1:45 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The investigation will examine the actual ramming attack itself, whether it was pre-meditated, and — if it is determined the attack was planned — if others were involved.
Acting U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Virginia Rick Mountcastle and the Civil Rights Division in Washington will head up the federal investigation.
However, the greater issue of clashes between the rallying white supremacists and counter-protesters is currently not under investigation.
Sessions said on Saturday the federal investigation "will have the full support of the Department of Justice."
"Justice will prevail," they said.
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants Pause
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns
0:55 Immigrants protest ICE raids
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
2:22 Levine Museum exhibit seeks understanding of protests
2:37 Witness to Mike Wallace beating testifies in court
Final 'Switched at Birth' season leaves cast both 'happy and depressed' “Switched at Birth” hasn't aired since October 2015, when Freeform was still called ABC Family. The popular, award-winning series finally returns Tuesday for its 10-episode fifth (and final) season revolving...
Nicki Minaj finds their younger sitcom self in 'Fruitvale Station' actor ABC Family has found its young Nicki Minaj, casting 11-year-old Ariana Neal (“Get Hard,” “Fruitvale Station”) in the lead role of its upcoming sitcom “Nicki.” The half-hour comedy is inspired...
'Sesame Street' move to HBO tops the week that was Elmo, Big Bird, Cookie Monster et al. made news when TV's granddaddy kiddie show “Sesame Street” announced that, for the next five seasons, all new episodes will premiere on HBO....
Why I'm breaking up with 'Pretty Little Liars' Hey, “Pretty Little Liars” — it's time to chat. We've had a fun, albeit twisted, run over the past five years. From bizarre Halloween train rides to stays in actual...
Is Spencer heading for a relapse on ‘Pretty Little Liars'? The road to recovery is bound to be a bumpy one for our favorite “Little Liars.” After getting rescued from Charles' dollhouse of doom during last week's season premiere, it...
The 5 most-shocking moments from the ‘Pretty Little Liars' finale If your head is still spinning, there's a good chance you're still not over the season finale of “Pretty Little Liars.” The popular ABC Family series, which wrapped its fifth...
From social media to smart phones, the marketing landscape has changed dramatically over the last 15 years.
The popularity of Pokémon Go last year suggests that people were willing to opt into well-crafted augmented realities and artificial intelligence. Growth challenges for both Snapchat and Twitter illustrate that even the hottest social media platforms can miss expectations. And the rise of smart helpers or digital assistants like Siri, Google Home, and Alexa mean more people are talking to their devices.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Top 5 marketing trends for 2018 1:35 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Ultimately, there are scores of promising marketing trends that all leaders should consider in the upcoming days and weeks. Here are five marketing trends to think about for 2018.
Optimize for voice-enabled devices
Voice-enabled technology is poised to overtake touch screens as the new way to access information and entertainment. Research how to optimize your content with long-tail search terms for voice searches.
Google Home units and Google phones are on display at the Google booth during CES 2018 at the Las Vegas Convention Center on January 10, 2018 in Las Vegas. Alex Wong / Getty Images
LinkedIn becomes the social butterfly
LinkedIn isn't just a resume posting, job searching site any more. It has become a go-to digital gathering place where professionals network, search for credible content, and engage with some of the most influential thought leaders.
Don't stress out over Snapchat
Most popular among millennials and Generation Z, Snapchat was supposed to be the hottest marketing tool of 2017. However, as of October this year Snapchat usage among top influencers was down by about 33 percent.
A Snap Inc. representative wears a Snapchat shirt while reviewing a resume during the TechFair LA job fair on Jan. 26, 2017 in Los Angeles. Patrick T. Fallon / Bloomberg via Getty Images
Consider artificial intelligence
From chatbots to automated messages to augmented reality programs, think of ways that you can use artificial intelligence and machine learning to inform and engage your potential clients in 2018.
Make your brand's personal story a star
People have not suddenly become ok with being spoken at. They're tired of irrelevant messages and hard selling. So instead, develop content that brings your customers behind the scenes of your brand, allows them to get to know your staff, and makes your mission king.
THE 86TH ANNUAL HOLLYWOOD CHRISTMAS PARADE – A HOLLYWOOD HOLIDAY TRADITION WITH GRAND MARSHAL DR. OZ – Dr. Oz serves as Grand Marshal for the “Largest Christmas Celebration in America.” Hosted by popular personalities Erik Estrada, Laura McKenzie, Dean Cain and Montel Williams, with special co-hosts Elizabeth Stanton and Garrett Clayton, the parade on Hollywood Boulevard will include live musical performances that will take place on two stages. A true Hollywood tradition, the parade features larger-than-life inflatable character balloons, and celebrity-filled cars making the heralded trek down the three-mile parade route. Original airdate 12/15/2017.
It's the smell. It hits you the minute you land at the airport. In fact it hits you on the plane as you start to descend.
Rotorua has the nickname 'Sulphur City' because of the hydrogen sulphide emissions which gives the place a 'rotten eggs' aroma. It's everywhere and it takes some getting used to.
The Polynesian Spa is next to the Government Gardens in the city centre, and thermal activity is at the centre of much of Rotorua's appeal. Geysers and hot thermal pools are everywhere.
When the Lions line out against the Maori All Blacks at Rotorua International Stadium this Saturday, they'll feel all the intensity, the heat, the sweat, brawn and muscle of a unique challenge.
Viewed as the unofficial fourth Test, there's also the strange feeling that this fixture closes a circle, with lines of symmetry etched across this fifth game of the tour.
There are some famous faces from this place. All Black great 'Buck' Shelford was born in Rotorua, as was Liam Messam, who's played more times for the Chiefs than any man in their history.
Dylan Hartley too - who had the ignominy of making some unwanted history back in April when they became the third successive England captain to miss out on selection for the Lions - is a Rotorua man.
I wonder who he'll be cheering for...
Twelve years ago, the last time the Lions came to these parts, their most ferocious match came against the Maori All Blacks in Hamilton.
Jono Gibbes was their captain that night and it was frightening to see the calibre of players the Kiwis could afford to leave out for their Test panel as Clive Woodward's men, battered into submission, fell to a 19-13 defeat.
Gibbes was formidable in a brilliant display for their team then; and he'll take the reins at Ulster next season having spent time at Leinster and Clermont as forwards coach. Leinster-bound James Lowe is in the Maori squad, another connection to the European visitors.
The Maoris toured Europe last November of course and played their part in another one of those incredible Thomond Park nights were the place seems to be sprinkled with something impossible to define.
Their trip to Limerick came just after Ireland's famous defeat of New Zealand in Chicago, and just three weeks after the passing of Anthony Foley.
In a beautiful gesture, Maori captain Ash Dixon laid down a jersey before the Munster players with the initials 'AF' just before the haka.
Afterwards, Dixon presented the shirt to Foley's two sons.
Sport does that sometimes; puts lumps in throats and goosebumps on skin.
Munster drove to a memorable 27-14 win - it was the Maoris only loss on that tour - and we'll hope that Saturday gives us more beauty and imagery in the Land of the Long White Cloud.
Warren Gatland and Co know they're in for another immense showdown. And how could they not?
You can smell it in the air.
After dolling out over crores of rupees to nearly 3.4 lakh beneficiaries under various social welfare schemes, the BJP-led government, the architect of these schemes, has now gone for a review to oversee whether the benefits rolled out under these ambitious schemes have reached to the deserving.Interestingly, the review comes at a time, when Manohar Parrikar, for the first time, has given the least importance to the social schemes which otherwise was considered as key bat of the saffron party.Goa has around 3.50 lakh beneficiaries which are covered under the various social welfare schemes Dayanand Social Security Scheme (DSSS), Laadli Laxmi and Griha Aadhar.However, of late, the new sanctions under the Griha Aadhar, which provides monthly financial support of Rs 1500 for married women, has been kept on hold, pending review of the scheme. Till date the government has spent around Rs 273.6 cr on its 1.52 lakh beneficiaries since its inception in 2012.
The state exchequer is burdened by Rs 22.80 cr monthly under the scheme.When contacted, Director of Women and Child Development, Ruhi Redkr said that Griha Aadhar scheme has been kept on old until the review is complete.
“Griha Aadhar scheme has not been stopped, the state government had put a cap of up to 1.52 lakh beneficiaries, but has received applications beyond the decided limit and that is the reason the government has decided to review the existing sanctioned cases,” they said.“However the department is accepting new applications for Griha Aadhar but sanction will only be done after the review is complete while existing beneficiaries will continue to get the benefit,” they informed.The scheme was launched in 2012 to protect housewives from the middle, lower-middle and poor sections of society from the rising inflation wherein married women would get monthly payment of Rs 1,000 each month but was later hiked to Rs 1,200 and recently during the Parsekar government to Rs 1,500.
Yet another ambitious scheme of the BJP government Laadli Laxmi – is one which provides support of Rs one lakh to the girl child on attending the age of 18 years, for educational and marriage purpose.An amount of Rs 508 cr has been disbursed to total 50,879 sanctioned beneficiaries. The scheme was also launched by Manohar Parrikar during their earlier tenure in 2012.The department confirmed that the scheme has not been discontinued and that the money under the scheme was not disbursed on time because of the election code of conduct. “Money has now been deposited into the beneficiary bank accounts,” Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar had said earlier.It was revealed that with implementation of the Seventh Pay Commission most of the familes' income has crossed Rs 3 lakh, forcing government to go for internal review. Those who have crossed the financial limit shall be removed from the scheme with new people being listed.The review will also ensure fake cases, if any, and also wherein the family is still making use of the benefit even after the beneficiaries are deceased.The oldest and the first of its kind financial assistance scheme Dayanand Social Security scheme (DSSS) for the senior citizens, was launched in 2001 by Parrikar during their first term as Chief Minister. The most populist scheme has completed 17 years on October 2, this year.As on date, there are 1.96 lakh people availing benefit under the scheme, which provides Rs 2000 to senior citizens, additional Rs 500 (2500) for medical treatment and Rs 3500 to those suffering 90 per cent disability.With Department of Social Welfare failing to maintain the bifurcation of the beneficiaries under various financial heads, the actual expenditure on the scheme cannot be calculated.If one calculates the average income of Rs 2000 to these 1.96 lakh beneficiaries, the government spends around Rs 39.2 cr per month, on an average Rs 470 cr per annum. [H]
The Jeff Bezos-founded space flight firm recently announced it will begin selling tickets for its trips up to the Karman Line -- at the very edge of the Earth's atmosphere -- some 62 miles above the planet's surface. But how will these trips actually work and what (if any) effects might they have on the human body?
Flights aboard Blue Origin's New Shepard spacecraft will only last around 11 minutes total but are expected to provide the six passengers a full four minutes of weightlessness before the capsule returns to Earth. These passengers will be seated around a solid-fuel abort motor "centered in the circular structure like a cylindrical coffee table," as Aviation Week reports. Each passenger will be strapped into a chair reclined to around 70 degrees but angled to each face a window so that they'll all be afforded an unimpeded view of the sky around them.
You won't have to worry about snapping selfies or recording the flight on your phone during the journey as the New Shepard will be outfitted with numerous cameras capturing both the cabin's interior and the exterior view, per Smithsonian Magazine. Just be sure to use the restroom before boarding, as these crew capsules do not include a "head."
As of yet, the company has not disclosed many other details about what's in store for space tourists aboard the first New Shepard flight. Not even small details like what sorts of G-forces passengers will endure during either takeoff or landing.
Passengers could experience "something like a rollercoaster or a jet taking off at the beginning," Rachael D. Seidler, a professor with the department of Applied Physiology and Kinesiology and the University of Florida, told Engadget. The return trip could be a bit less pleasant, they continued as "a drop landing with the parachute could be fairly traumatic in terms of impact." Of course that's only going to be an issue if the New Shepard's trio of landing parachutes -- as well as its retro rockets -- somehow fail to operate properly.
Once passengers break the Earth's gravitational bonds, they'll have a few precious minutes to unhook themselves from their chairs and enjoy the freedom of microgravity. Unlike the physical impacts that professional astronauts have to deal with when they spend months at a time aboard the ISS, the corporal ramifications during these 11-minute space jaunts will be minimal.
The greatest threat, Seidler suspects, will be from space sickness. "The vestibular system is the small balance organ in the inner ear," they explained. "When you tilt your head, gravity pulls around some of the stuff in there and that signals to your brain that you've tilted your head." However in microgravity that shifting doesn't occur which "can be a provocative stimulus. So, people could feel dizzy, nausea, things like that." It's not that different from being sea- or car-sick and the effects should wear off quickly once you are back on terra firma.
"I think the main thing is gonna be the space motion sickness," they said. "So they may wanna pack some medication or take it before they go."
The fitness requirements for taking one of these trips should also be fairly relaxed compared with the stringent physical demands of long-term space flight. NASA astronauts, Seidler explained, have to be extremely fit with high bone density and plenty of muscle mass because the longer you're exposed to microgravity, the more bone and muscle mass you lose. That's why astronaut Peggy Whitson has to continuously train like a triathlete during their nine months aboard the ISS.
Luckily this isn't the case when you're going to be weightless for less than a quarter hour. A person's "cardiovascular system will work a little bit differently..." Seidler concedes. "We're used to different valves and pumps in the system that work to circulate around our fluids and blood, and, in a microgravity context, these things will float up towards the head. But, again, just being there for 11 minutes, it may not be that big of a deal."
At this point it would appear that the most physically demanding aspect of these tourist flights will be deciding which arm, leg, and/or kidney you'll have to sell in order to afford a ticket to ride. Blue Origin has not yet announced pricing for its trips but if the $250,000 price tag that Virgin Galaxy as attached to its orbital rides is any indication, you may have to dip into the kids' college funds in order to pursue your dreams of short-hop space travel.
AutoNation Acura in League City, Texas employed a weaponized farter, according to a former employee's lawsuit. Google Streetview image
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration said Tuesday that peace between the Israelis and Palestinians may not come in the form of a two-state solution — a dramatic shift from former President Barack Obama, who said they saw no alternative.
Speaking to reporters ahead of President Donald Trump's meeting Wednesday with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, a senior White House official said Trump is eager to begin facilitating a peace deal between the two side and hoping to bring them together soon.
But the official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity in order to preview the visit, said it will be up to the Israelis and Palestinians to determine what peace will entail.
The official said peace is the goal, regardless of whether it comes in the form of a two-state solution. They say the administration will work as a facilitator, but is not going to dictate what the terms of peace are going to be.
During their final White House news conference, Obama warned that the moment for a two-state solution "may be passing" and said the "status quo is unsustainable."
Netanyahu is scheduled to meet with Trump at the White House Wednesday, after which he'll head to Capitol Hill for meetings with lawmakers on both sides of the aisle, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer.
Trump takes pride in their deal-making skills and said during their campaign that he'd love the challenge of negotiating a Mideast agreement. At one point Trump pointed to their son-in-law, Jared Kushner, as the  best person for the job.
The official said the Trump and Netanyahu are likely to discuss peace as well as expanded Israeli settlements, Iran and Trump's campaign pledge to move the U.S. embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.
Sun Valley quarterback Sam Howell has more than 25 college scholarship offers, more than 10,000 passing yards and a legion of fans in Union County. Langston Wertz Jr. lwertz@charlotteobserver.com
Ed Stack can exhale now.
Just a couple of months ago the Dick's Sporting Goods chief executive worried that their decision to yank assault rifles and ammunition from store shelves would have customers running for the exits.
The move — coming in the wake of the Parkland school shooting — “won't be positive from a sales and traffic standpoint,” Stack said in March after gun enthusiasts threatened to boycott the chain's 720 stores.
Stack, in a bold move, also raised the age to buy firearms to 21 from 18.
But on Wednesday, Dick's reported the damage wasn't nearly as severe as feared — as the chain beat Wall Street expectations.
After the surprisingly good results, shares of the Pittsburgh chain's shares shot up 26 percent, to close at $38.35.
Its shares are up 21 percent since it announced its gun restrictions on Feb. 28.
“They were concerned that losing the gun business would cost them, but they are making it up by selling other stuff,” Susquehanna Financial Group analyst Sam Poser told The Post. “Whatever their concerns were, they didn't come to fruition.”
Revenue in the three months ended May 5 rose 4.6 percent, to $1.91 billion, while profit increased 3.2 percent, to $60.1 million. At the same time, Dick's raised its profit estimate for the year.
Customer traffic fell 3.7 percent in the quarter and same-store sales declined 2.5 percent, but management largely blamed cold weather in March and April for the declines.
The average transaction increased 1.2 percent.
While sales in brick-and-mortar stores were down, e-commerce sales, following a wider trend, were up 24 percent in the quarter — up from a 9.9 percent increase a year ago.
The chain's private label business helped fuel the growth.
“I'm extremely optimistic about the future of Dick's Sporting Goods,” Stack said on a conference call.
That being said, management expects its hunting business to continue to shrink.
Guns are sold in its Field & Stream stores — but it's a low-margin business that had been declining well before the firearm policy was announced, it said.
The restrictive stance on gun sales may even have boosted customer traffic to some stores, according to Reveal Mobile, a Raleigh, NC, company that tracks mobile data and found that foot traffic at Dick's stores surged nearly 4 percent the weekend following its new gun policies, as first reported by The Post.
“It's very easy for people to go to their social media accounts” to express their support or anger, “but it's harder to change their shopping patterns,” said Matthew Davis, chief marketing officer of Reveal Mobile.
Davis noted that the backlash against Facebook following it privacy debacle did not affect its advertising revenue or customers use of their accounts.
Meanwhile, Vista Outdoor, which makes many outdoor products — from Savage assault-style rifles to Camp Chef grills, Bollé safety goggles, Bell bike helmets, Blackburn bike accessories and Bushnell golf range finders — said earlier this month that it may sell off its gun business following decisions by several major retailers, including REI Co-op, to no longer sell any Vista outdoor products because of the company's gun business.
Shares of Vista are down 3 percent since Feb. 28.
Rita Ora and Alfie Boe are amongst the special musical guest stars being welcomed onto the BGT stage for live final and semi-finals
Rita Ora and Alfie Boe are amongst the special guest performers announced for Britain's Got Talent‘s live week of semi-finals.
Advertisement
The casts of musicals Tina, Matilda and Chicago have also been confirmed for the week's line-up, as well as returning BGT winners Diversity and Tokio Myers.
The full list of guest performers for the live week are as follows:
Semi-final 1 (Monday 28th May): Diversity and the cast of Matilda the Musical
Semi-final 2 (Tuesday 29th May): Alfie Boe
Semi-final 3 (Wednesday 30th May): Rita Ora
Semi-final 4 (Thursday 31st May): Chicago the Musical
Semi-final 5 (Friday 1st June): Britain's Got Talent 2017 winner Tokio Myers
Grand final (Sunday 3rd June): Tina the Musical and the cast of Magic Mike's live Las Vegas show
Yes, this really is happening: Magic Mike live. On a Sunday night teatime family show. We can hear the complaints to Ofcom already.
For this year's Britain's Got Talent semi-finals, there is going to be a format change to how the voting is going to work.
The act who receives the most viewer votes will still automatically be going through to the live final, but the judges will then be deciding who else to put through to Sunday's final from the performers who placed second and third with the public.
Golden Buzzer act Lifford Shillingford, comedian Lost Voice Guy and choir The D-Day Darlings are amongst the acts who will be vying for votes on BGT's first live-semi-final on Monday 28th May.
Advertisement
Britain's Got Talent's live semi-finals air Monday to Friday on ITV, with the live final on Sunday 3rd June
Former Georgia Gov. Sonny Perdue is a leading candidate to be President-elect Donald Trump's agriculture secretary, the Trump transition team confirmed Monday with Fox News.
Trump, a Republican, has made eight of 17 Cabinet picks, with four remaining, including the Agriculture Department post.
Perdue being a top candidate was reported first by Politico.
The 70-year-old Perdue in November visited Trump Tower, where the president-elect has been conducting many of their interviews to fill Cabinet posts and other top jobs within their administration.
Perdue was the governor of Georgia from 2003 to 2011.
Fox News' Serafin Gomez contributed to this report.
Football on BBC Sport Scotland
Everything you need to know about following football with BBC Sport Scotland
Pimax takes notes from Valve for its prototype ‘knuckles' VR controller
Borrowing from Valve Software's unreleased knuckles controller, Pimax revealed a similar peripheral for its upcoming 8K VR headset. It will support all five fingers using thumb, trigger, and grip buttons along with two sensors.
The post Pimax takes notes from Valve for its prototype ‘knuckles' VR controller appeared first on Digital Trends.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Digital Trends. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Realizing Motives Of Writing A Term Paper
One of the most extremely pressing questions of brand-new small business owner is should you start hiring outside advise. For many, the best advice is begun hiring starting. The sooner you have help running your business, the faster you can grow. For lots more seasoned business owners, finding good employees (and keeping them) a good ongoing event. They may see the value in the purchase of a high-quality workforce, but not have the resources entice people your right references. No matter what your situation is, the most beneficial employees could make or break an enterprise. So how do you find them? Through the night . you find them, just how do you keep it?
Term Paper Help
Why actual are difficult because individual who is always the elicitation of an interest is quite a bit less easy it's stated. One has to have profound knowledge before writing and they need to understand over the subject. It's not at all enough to understand the subject they should be able to understand anyone have got in your head. They should be able to comprehend the objectives you had in your mind then only they can deliver good essay that are as good as custom essays.
Best Online Paper Writing Service
Online Essay Writers
Affordable Essay Writing Service
Buy Custom Research Paper
Cheap Essay Writers
Purchase Research Papers
Where Can I Buy A Research Paper
Research Report Essay
A recent study in the Journal of the American College of Nutrition found that enjoying an apple before a meal curbs appetite for substantially 4 hours, and Brazilian researchers found out that the customerwriting online a level english coursework help buy custom research papers online habit can boost weight loss success as much as 33%.
It necessitates a lot of courage and honesty in order to consider responsibility for the decisions about what you will and won't do. Sometimes I miss a meeting for movies. Sometimes I miss a movie for a celebration. But I am always clear with myself and my colleagues and family with what my priorities are. And my family comes first, always.
Be motivated and learn when to adopt dissertation writing service. These points expect to be a little unexplained. I want to explain it for your. You should although be motivated yourself and do things right most important time but at the same time in addition, you need to be aware that should you be losing associated with time, have to take professional dissertation writing help.
When an individual might be sure of one's stepping at the new ground it would get advisable breathe attending school. Now you simply are coping quite well, its time for you to start creating the term papers as quickly as you seem possible. The commencing act is comprehensive is opted an appropriate topic for custom term papers. This is the most significant step for writing an expression paper while can get considerably more chances of fine papers possibly blow it in water completely. The topic should a person the most because need to enjoy it the reader won't a bit too. It is draft beer writing, like a to create a writing piece readable for reader; shouldn't be fun for a person write.
Perhaps includes from a lecturer in school, or you took your advice and tips from online curriculum vitae resources. Resume writing tips are out there and is a superb easily accepted. Once you understand differences in between types of documents, can really clog be stored on your way to resume distribution and the all-important talk.
The associated with prewriting will be the one with which you bring about ideas before beginning the documents. You will ensure that term paper writing has been easier as soon as you have developed an review. This work wonders when may are created lengthy newspapers. For the believe that an outline is one among the primary things an individual need become worse than making an outline is something that gives that you' platform to on. Lacking outline it might be really difficult start off college papers and take it to the final line. Your current products won't have a draft you won't be in a position focus on top of the core belonging to the papers nicely on their different tree limbs.
Autism is still on the rise, from 1 in 2600 almost 30 years ago to web-sites study conducted by the autism research center at cambridge university which found an alarming one inch 60 children have type of of autistic symptom. Boost that attention disorders, learning difficulties, hyperactivity, aggression.. The list goes on, and all on the rise.
On average, a individual will suffer from a package of ball point pens a three quarter. This means that all three months, you tend to be needing another package of pens. Very little are that many notes acquire.
I for you to write distribution I can think of worth writing internet based. I am not going to this my own personal blog to talk about my spouse. But I am going create reviews for movies, video games, music albums, literary works. I am going to write college papers on topics I've found on the net. I am going to write poems and short accounts. I am going to write personal philosophies of my own, or even further the minds of others I read in e-books.
The Yankees did enough against an uncharacteristically wild Carlos Martinez to support a stellar start from CC Sabathia and extend their winning streak to six games with Saturday's 3-2 victory over the Cardinals at Yankee Stadium.
Dagenham centre-back Ayo Obileye heads the League Two side back into the lead against Whitehawk in their thrilling FA Cup second-round replay.
Available to UK users only.
Disney may be just days away from buying a treasure trove of assets from Twenty-First Century Fox — including its storied 20th Century Fox film studio.
The Mouse House and Fox have been in on-and-off talks for weeks over the sale of assets valued at more than $60 billion — and with rival suitor Comcast dropping out of the competition on Monday, Disney appeared ready to pounce, according to reports.
Being sold to Disney in the stock deal would also be Fox's TV studio, including cable stations FX and National Geographic, Fox's 39 percent stake in European pay-TV service Sky and other assets.
Disney would also get Fox's stake in Hulu — which would double its holding in the video streamer to 60 percent.
Fox would keep Fox News, its broadcast TV network and Fox Sports.
On news that Disney has appeared to outbid Comcast, shares of the California entertainment giant rose 2.5 percent, to $106.83. Fox shares gained 1.1 percent, to $33.66.
If the deal with Disney is consummated — and it has to be approved by the boards of both companies — Fox Chief Executive James Murdoch is expected to take a senior management position with Disney, according to reports. Murdoch would then be a possible successor to Disney Chairman and Chief Executive Bob Iger.
Disney and Fox declined to comment.
Fox shareholders will end up with about 25 percent of Disney, said Rosenblatt Securities.
Should a deal go through, Iger is expected to extend their contract, which currently runs through 2019.
Fox Co-Executive Chairmen Rupert Murdoch and their son, Lachlan Murdoch, wrote in an e-mail to staff last week: “We want to address the headlines about us possibly talking to other companies about a potential transaction. While we can't comment on market speculation, we do want to address the impact we know this is having on all of you. Uncertainty always breeds unease. In every way, our focus is on our businesses and on the welfare of all our colleagues.”
The government of China will now accept beef imports from the U.S for the first time since 2004. Steve Nelson, President of Nebraska Farm Bureau said this is great news for Nebraska's farm and ranch families. “It will mean that we will be exporting more beef from Nebraska. It is also great for those people that raise feed and supply the beef industry. It's a benefit for all agriculture”.
Nelson estimated China's beef market will be worth $2.6 billion a year, and Nebraska currently has about 20% of the nation's Beef export's. Nelson says it may not solve every problem, but “particularly in a time that we have been facing low prices in many of the things that we produce in Nebraska, this is a step in the right direction and very positive for the entire industry”.
The exporting of beef will affect most Nebraskans. Nelson said, “when it comes to beef every county benefits. Counties that have a larger concentration of cattle feeding will benefit to a higher amount”.
China could be just the beginning of additional beef sales in different countries. “We continue to develop new markets around the world, we want to expand trade everywhere we can, we have pending issues that relate to trade with Japan, that would have been a part of the TPP (Trans- Pacific Partnership) agreement, we have opportunities to grow beef trade in Europe, a lot of opportunities around the world”.
Nelson says the resumption of beef sales to China could help Nebraska agriculture end its current slump.
Image caption Area nightclub has installed metal detectors and increased security checks
A Sheffield nightclub is to reopen on Friday after it was shut by police following a double stabbing.
Two men were left with "serious injuries" after they were attacked at Area in Burgess Street on Sunday.
Police said the venue had improved its security measures, including the installation of a scanning arch to detect weapons.
Sgt Matt Burdett said the club now had a "robust search policy and security measures".
"Through working closely with the club, we identified a number of areas that needed significantly improving to ensure security and ID processes were sufficient to ensure the safety of everyone visiting the venue," they said.
Sgt Burdett said officers would continue to visit and monitor the nightclub.
A spokesperson for the club said: "Safety is of paramount importance to us at Area, in these uncertain times we want our customers to feel and be safe.
"With the guidance and advice from the local authorities customers can expect to see increased security measures, female door staff, ID scanning and body cameras linked to the local authority in place for all trading sessions at the venue tonight."
South Yorkshire Police said the two men aged 28 and 33 who were stabbed "were taken to hospital with serious injuries and are now both at home recovering well".
No arrests have been made in connection with the stabbing.
Football notifications, social media and more
Get the latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.
Jewish groups are concerned over the amount of influence Ambassador Martin Indyk has had over the Obama Administration and Secretary of State John Kerry's approach to the Palestinian issue with Israel. ( Reuters photo )
Several Jewish organizations and leaders are expressing alarm over former U.S. diplomat Martin Indyk's role in the Obama administration's recent Israel policy moves.
Indyk served as U.S. ambassador to Israel, and then assistant secretary of state, between 1995 and 2001, followed by a stint as President Barack Obama's envoy for Israeli-Palestinian negotiations in 2013-2014.
Reliable Washington sources report that the maps and proposals Indyk and their aides formulated in recent years are still central to the Obama administration's strategy for the Palestinian issue. Indyk also is said to have remained in contact with key U.S. policymakers even though they left the Obama administration and now serves as executive vice president of the Brookings Institution.
In media interviews and on Twitter in recent days, Indyk has emerged as one of the most vociferous defenders of the Obama administration's Dec. 23 vote against Israeli settlements at the United Nations.  They are also one of the most vocal opponents of President-elect Donald Trump's nomination of attorney David Friedman as U.S. ambassador to Israel.
Indyk's credibility is now being called into question, however, as several Jewish organizations are urging them to clarify whether or not they made a series of unusually harsh remarks about Israel and Jews in a tape-recorded private conversation when they were a executive director of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy, a prominent think tank.
In that conversation, in 1989, Indyk reportedly said Israelis are "paranoid," "arrogant" and think that "the rules of society do not apply [to them]" because "they are the goy's rules." Connecting Israeli attitudes to what they characterized as Jewish attitudes in general, Indyk reportedly said that "Jews would do whatever they can to avoid paying taxes," and that Jews believe it is justified to "find a way to ignore the law or get around it." They added, "In my own family, my grandfather used to stay up nights to figure out how to avoid paying taxes."
The reported remarks "echo three of the most infamous centuries-old tropes of anti-Semites," Prof. Eunice G. Pollack, a historian of anti-Semitism and co-editor of the Encyclopedia of American Jewish History, told JNS.org.
"You have an updated version of the classic 'Jewish swindler,' combined with the 'disloyal Jew' who evades their patriotic duty to pay taxes, and the millennia-old 'arrogant Jew' who, in a more religious era, was accused of deriving their arrogance from their partner, Satan," said Pollack.
Jewish groups want answers
Indyk has not responded to multiple inquiries from JNS.org about the statements. The quotations were first raised by the organization Amcha—the Coalition for Jewish Concerns, headed by Rabbi Avi Weiss, when Indyk was nominated as ambassador to Israel in 1995. But they were not picked up by the news media at the time and were not raised by senators at their confirmation hearing.
Farley Weiss, president of the National Council of Young Israel, told JNS.org, "I hope they didn't say such things, and if they did, I hope they will disavow them. Either way, they need to address the controversy."
Sarah Stern, president of the Endowment for Middle East Truth (EMET), a pro-Israel think tank in Washington, said in a statement to JNS.org that their organization is "calling on Ambassador Indyk to immediately clarify whether or not they made these horrific statements." Stern said it would be "very ironic" for Indyk to oppose the David Friedman nomination over past statements that Friedman made, "if Indyk made the repulsive remarks they are alleged to have made prior to their own nomination."
advertisement
In a tweet quoted in The New York Times and elsewhere, Indyk sarcastically asserted that Friedman would be "a great ambassador for the deep settler state. But David Friedman needs to be U.S. envoy to all Israelis. Are they up for that?" In an interview with CNN anchor Chris Cuomo, Indyk said Friedman's call for moving the U.S. embassy from Tel Aviv to western Jerusalem is "incendiary" because it "would imply that the United States was recognizing Israeli sovereignty over all of Jerusalem, including the Arab part ... which has the third-holiest mosque in Islam."
Rabbi Abraham Cooper, associate dean of the Simon Wiesenthal Center, told JNS.org that Indyk "forgot to mention that what they calls 'the Arab part' of Jerusalem includes a large Jewish community, the Western Wall, the Temple Mount and the Mount of Olives, which contains the oldest Jewish cemetery in the world. That mosque is the third-holiest site to Islam, but Har Habayit (the Temple Mount) is Judaism's holiest site." Cooper said "the current status quo, in which the U.S. does not recognize any part of Jerusalem as sovereign Israeli territory, is patently unfair."
The Wiesenthal Center, World Jewish Congress, National Council of Young Israel and other Jewish groups have endorsed the Friedman nomination. J Street, Americans for Peace Now and Ameinu oppose it.
EMET's Stern, for their part, said that Indyk's "judgment and objectivity" were "severely undermined" two years ago, when it was revealed that they had accepted a $14.8-million contribution from the government of Qatar for the Brookings Institution. Qatar is the largest financer of the terrorist organization Hamas.
Adam Kredo, a senior foreign policy writer for the Washington Free Beacon, told JNS.org that Indyk "is known among reporters for anonymously criticizing Israel in the press, for planting stories meant to pressure the Jewish state into making concessions, [and for] leading the Obama administration's efforts over the years to discredit Israel and blame it for the failure in peace talks."
Indyk's Twitter war
Indyk took to Twitter this week to accuse Kredo of spreading "fake news" when Kredo reported that Vice President Joe Biden was involved in lobbying on behalf of the U.N. resolution against settlements. Israeli government officials subsequently publicly charged that Biden personally lobbied the government of Ukraine to back the resolution. Biden has denied the accusation.
At the same time, Indyk has been engaged in a Twitter mini-war this week with both an Israeli embassy official and a former colleague. It began with Indyk tweeting that the U.N. resolution was not an attack on Israel but was aimed only at "settlers, who undermine peace negotiations [and] are hurting Israel." Reuven Azar, deputy chief of mission at the Embassy of Israel in Washington, replied, "Please don't lie to your followers. This pro-BDS resolution is unprecedented."
Indyk shot back, "Diplomats are sent abroad to lie for their country. But that doesn't include accusing people of lying. Leave that to your political bosses." Azar responded, "We'll keep fighting for our country and you'll keep lecturing us," to which Indyk sarcastically replied, "Happy Hanukkah to you too."
Robert Satloff, who serves in Indyk's former post as executive director of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy, weighed in on Azar's side, tweeting, "I disagree w/my friend @martin_indyk. We've tried and failed using chainsaw on settlement issue; it needs a scalpel."
This article was originally published at JNS.org. Used with permission.
3 Reasons Why you should read Life in the Spirit. 1) Get to know the Holy Spirit. 2) Learn to enter God's presence 3) Hear God's voice clearly! Go deeper!
Has God called you to be a leader? Ministry Today magazine is the source that Christian leaders who want to serve with passion and purpose turn to. Subscribe now and receive a free leadership book.
-
See an error in this article? This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
JOHANNESBURG — India's Shubhankar Sharma had a four-stroke lead in the Joburg Open with 11 holes left Sunday when lightning and heavy rain forced the suspension of play.
Making their 10th European Tour start, Sharma was 22 under at Randpark. They had a 61 on Friday on the Bushwillow Course and shot a 66 on Saturday on the Firethorn Course to take a five-stroke lead into the final round. On Sunday, Sharma birdied two of the first seven holes at Fitethorn before play was stopped for the day.
“I had to cancel my flight tickets today but that was an easy thing to do considering the position I'm in,” Sharma said.
South Africa's Erik van Rooyen was second. Play was suspended with Sharma on the eighth green, and Van Rooyen looking at a tap-in birdie on the ninth after birdieing four of the first eight.
Forty-two players were unable to complete the round.
“I'm going to treat it like another day,” Sharma said. “I'm going to do the same things which I've been doing the last four days. It is not frustrating, but you get into a groove when you start and you don't want to come off. I saw the clouds coming on the seventh hole and I was praying we could finish, but we can't help it. I'm playing well so I want to continue doing that.”
The top three players who are not already exempt will earn spots in the British Open.
Image caption Dr Ernesto Schwartz-Marin and Dr Arely Cruz-Santiago are now preparing their legal case
Two Durham University academics and their daughter who were ordered to leave the UK within 14 days have been granted a temporary reprieve.
Dr Ernesto Schwartz-Marin, Dr Arely Cruz-Santiago and 11-year-old Camila faced leaving the country by Saturday 24 March.
The Home Office said the couple breached rules by spending too much time abroad during their visa period.
It has halted proceedings following the intervention of their local MP.
Dr Schwartz-Marin said: "It is a relief to know, for now, we are not going to be made to leave and that they have given us time to prepare the legal case.
"We hope the Home Office rescinds its decision. That would be fantastic.
"We need to lobby for a change in the law with regards to academics working abroad as part of their job."
'Really unfair'
Dr Ernesto Schwartz-Marin's application for indefinite leave to remain in the UK had been refused because they were absent for more than 180 days within a 12-month period, the Home Office said.
The couple, who have lived in the UK for 11 years, did humanitarian work in their home country of Mexico for the university.
Although there are exceptions for humanitarian projects, the Home Office stated their work did not qualify.
Image caption Their 11-year-old daughter Camila has lived in the UK since they were eight months old
Labour's City of Durham MP, Roberta Blackman-Woods, is working with lawyers and the university to overturn the decision.
"They came here in 2007 when their daughter was only a few months old," they said.
"Her whole life has been in the UK.
"It seems really unfair to penalise them for doing their jobs, which they were in the UK for," the MP added.
More than 70,000 people have signed a petition calling for the Home Office to reconsider its decision.
The Home Office did not respond to a request for a comment on the case.
Once promising prospect Michael Graves has been released from the UFC due to a violation of the promotion's code of conduct policy following their arrest on domestic violence allegations last year.
Graves was originally pulled from their fight against Sergio Moraes last year after they were arrested for battery in Atlanta last October.
On Monday, the UFC announced that following an independent investigation into the matter, the promotion has opted to release Graves from their contract effective immediately.
“In November 2016, welterweight Michael Graves was removed from their UFC bout following their arrest. As a potential violation of the UFC Fighter Conduct Policy, the UFC organization temporarily barred Graves from competition pending the completion of a third-party investigation. Based on the findings of this thorough review and investigation, UFC has advised Graves that they have been released from their contract effective immediately,” UFC officials wrote in a statement. “UFC requires all athletes to act in an ethical and responsible manner, as mandated by the UFC Fighter Conduct Policy. UFC holds its athletes to the highest standard and will continue to take appropriate action if and when warranted.”
Graves (6-0-1) got their start in the UFC as part of “The Ultimate Fighter” cast that pit American Top Team against the Blackzilians.
Following their stint on the show, Graves won their first two fights in the UFC before going to a majority draw with Bojan Velickovic last July. Their return was then stalled in October following their arrest and now he's been released from the UFC.
Video
More men should be offered a new type of treatment for enlarged prostate on the NHS, say officials.
It's called prostate artery embolisation. And it blocks some of the blood supply to the prostate using tiny synthetic beads, causing the troublesome tissue to shrink and die.
John Scrafton who is 74 has had it. They say it changed their lives.
The Minnesota Twins prepare to face-off against last year's A.L. World Series representative, the Cleveland Indians, in a four game series.
Up is down, black is white, Cleveland can't pitch and the Twins' pitching staff is on top of the world. While their records are flipped (7-5 to 5-7) and the Twins lead in the standings is only two games, it could be worse for Cleveland.
They can't pitch. Four of the five Indians starters have ERA's over 4.50. The lone holdout is Carlos Carrasco – a pitcher who isn't scheduled for this series.
They started out by sweeping the Texas Rangers to begin the season on the strength of their offense. They proceeded to drop six of seven, their only win in extra innings as Carrasco out-dueled James Shields.
While the back-end of the bullpen consisting of Andrew Miller and Cody Allen remains stellar (only one run allowed in 10.2 IP), Cleveland rarely can hand them a lead.
Only Carrasco and Corey Kluber have earned wins as starters for the Indians. Meanwhile, Ervin Santana has three wins by themselves in the early going for the Twins.
It has indeed been a strange start to the 2017 season. Most baseball pundits and Twins fans thought if Minnesota could just get some decent pitching, they would have a chance at .500 because of their offense.
Instead, the Twins have the best team ERA in baseball (2.46). They are tied with the Dodgers for the best run differential (+23), despite having a batting average in the lower third of the league.
Last year, the Twins played the Indians nearly to a draw, even while they struggled against other division foes. How they continue to play against division opponents will determine not only their April record, but also their overall place in the standings.
Monday Night Game
Danny Salazar (0-1, 4.63 ERA vs Kyle Gibson (0-1, 8.00 ERA)
7:10 PM Target Field
TV: Fox Sports North
Tuesday Night Game
Josh Tomlin (0-2, 18.47 ERA) vs Phil Hughes (2-0, 3.86 ERA)
7:10 PM Target Field
TV: Fox Sports North
Wednesday Night Game
Trevor Bauer (0-2, 8.44 ERA) vs Adalberto Mejia (0-1, 4.05 ERA)
7:10 Target Field
TV: ESPN
Thursday Afternoon Game
Corey Kluber (1-1, 6.38 ERA) vs Ervin Santana (3-0, 0.41 ERA)
12:10 PM Target Field
TV: MLB-Network (no FSN broadcast)
Cleveland: The Indians are trying to recapture their attitude from last season's pennant-winning team. That team was built on solid starting pitching, a lights-out bullpen, and just enough clutch hitting.
They are led by a young, burgeoning, infield. The problem is, a main contributor to that equation has been missing since the season began. Two time All-Star, Jason Kipnis, has been on the disabled list with shoulder inflammation.
Their fellow All-Star infielder, Francisco Lindor, has been trying to do it all in their absence – leading the team in HR's (4), total bases (33), runs (11), and batting average (.362). The problem is, no one is on base in front of him.
Their team-leading 17 hits have led to just eight RBIs, with four of them being themselves on their home runs. Their usual lead-off hitter, Carlos Santana, has struggled to a .208 average over the past two weeks.
Offense: The Indians made a splash free-agent signing by adding veteran slugger Edwin Encarnacion. He's averaged nearly 40 home runs and 110 RBI over the last five years in Toronto. They too, has struggled out of the gate.
He's accounted for just one run batted in, himself. A solo shot has been their only home run, as they have struck out 18 times (35% of their plate appearances) in 12 games. The biggest difference is their K/BB ratio.
Over the past five years it's been at 82% (the closer to 100% the better), while this year it's at 44%. It is part of a trend, a part that might have led to the Blue Jays letting Encarnacion walk. After nearly a 1/1 ratio from 2012-2015, they fell off last year to 63%, striking out 138 times – 36 more than any other year in their career.
Player to Watch: Lindor. They stir the drink that is the Cleveland offense. He's also the quarterback of the infield defense. He's been electric this year, starting off with a grand slam (his second HR of the game) to allow Cleveland to come back in the ninth inning against the Rangers to finish off the season-opening sweep.
They hit .337 against current Minnesota pitching, not unusual given their career .308 batting average. But they really likes hitting against one of the Twins' starters who will be pitching this week – Kyle Gibson.
Batting .800 (8-10) against Gibson – hopefully, manager Paul Molitor won't employ the same strategy of “he's due to make an out” as they did against Avisail Garcia in the 10th inning Sunday.
Conversely, he's struggled against one-time starter, Tyler Duffey (2-16). If a starter runs into a jam late in a game this week, look for Molitor to get Duffey loose in the pen to face Lindor.
Pitching: As is stands, the Twins are getting a little lucky. The one starter pitching well, Danny Santana, pitched yesterday and won't appear in the four-game series. He's also been a hard one for Twins' hitters to figure out over the years.
Josh Tomlin usually has the Twins' number, but has struggled mightily so far this season. In two starts, he's only lasted a total of 6.1 innings, putting up a 2.68 WHIP – basically filling the bases every inning.
If the Indians hold a lead anywhere from the sixth inning on, beware. Post-season hero, Andrew Miller can appear at any time to put out a fire. Manager Terry Francona doesn't wait for the eighth inning to use their shut-the-door setup man.
Pitcher to Watch: Corey Kluber. Cy Young award winner in 2014, nearly the hero in last year's World Series against the Cubs. They went 4-1 with a 1.86 ERA in six starts last October, including two wins in the Fall Classic.
While Kluber has a good ERA against the Twins over the past three seasons, they do hang some losses on him. Their victories against the Twins are usually 6-1 affairs, but they do serve up some gopher balls to Minnesota batters.
Since they entered the league as a full-time starter in 2012, the Twins haven't fielded very many good teams opposite Kluber. And yet, he's allowed 13 home runs to them, the second-most against any opponent. Tigers lead the way with 17.
They and Santana highlight a great matchup in Thursday's afternoon finale. One of the great pitchers over the past few seasons (Kluber), against arguably the hottest pitcher in Major League Baseball (Santana).
More from Call to the Pen
Twins: The decision to pitch to Avisail Garcia proved to be the incorrect one by Molitor yesterday. But, given how well their bullpen has already pitched this year, they can be forgiven for their over-zealousness.
But the Twins wasted a golden opportunity to win the White Sox series, and an amazing pitching performance by Hector Santiago (7 IPs, 0 R, 6H, 6K, 0BB). The biggest number from the usually wild Santiago was zero walks.
The offense again could not get on track. They had seven hits, and only one at-bat with runners in scoring position all day. Their only run came on a Brian Dozier home run. He's heating up, lifting their average from .214 to .267 over the past four games – including hitting their first two home runs.
Twins do need to get on track as a team. Usually, it's been the Miguel Sano show. Or eight walks plus a clutch hit show. Considering how young the Twins are, it has been a nice surprise to see the patience at the plate they have exhibited.
One stat that blows everyone away (outside of the Twins leading in ERA), is that the Twins also lead the league in walks taken with 57. Sano leads the leauge with 11, followed closely by Robbie Grossman (10) and Jason Castro (9). And Castro has only played in 75% of the Twins' games.
Minnesota looks to jump-start their offense tonight, playing Max Kepler in center field and giving the struggling Byron Buxton the night off. Grossman moves to right, Sano to first, Mauer to DH, and Eduardo Escobar will play third base.
Notes: Dozier sat out Saturday's game with a contusion in their right knee, but was back in the lineup Sunday. The MRI came back showing no damage, so Dozier said they would just play through the pain as long as it wasn't going to hurt them long term.
This article originally appeared on
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now!
WASHINGTON — FBI Director Christopher Wray appeared to provide the first official confirmation Thursday that the FBI has applied for secret FISA warrants in the Russia investigation — the type of warrants that can allow the bureau to spy on the email and telephone calls of specific individuals.
Testifying before the House Judiciary Committee, Wray was being questioned about whether the FBI would provide the committee with information about its applications for the secret warrants, which can grant investigators access to phone calls, email, web browsing history and other electronic records. Wray told lawmakers that they could not provide the information, but that the FBI "has been having extensive interaction with the Congressional intelligence committees on our interaction" with the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed FBI Director seems to confirm use of FISA warrants in Russia probes 1:45 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The FISC, as it is known, is the court that grants FISA warrants to the FBI, and with them permission to conduct secret surveillance of targets in the United States. The House and Senate intelligence committees have been receiving information from the FBI and other intelligence agencies as part of their investigations into Russian campaign interference.
Wray's statement appears to be the first on-the-record confirmation that the FBI has applied for FISA warrants in its investigation into Russian election interference and the question of whether the Trump campaign colluded with that effort. The Washington Post and the New York Times reported in April that the FBI used a FISA warrant to monitor former Trump foreign policy adviser Carter Page.
The warrants are classified, so government officials usually cannot discuss them in public. The FISA court grants permission to the vast majority of the government's surveillance requests, leaked documents have shown.
FBI Director nominee Christopher Wray is sworn in on Capitol Hill on July 12. Pablo Martinez Monsivais / AP
"I do not believe that I can legally and appropriately share a FISA court submission to this committee," Wray told House Judiciary Committee members Thursday. They said the House and Senate intelligence committees provide the "appropriate settings" in which the FBI should discuss that sensitive matter. Rep. Bob Goodlatte, the Virginia Republican who chairs the Judiciary Committee, disagreed, and said their committee had jurisdiction over FISA.
Spokespersons for the FBI and Special Counsel Robert Mueller did not respond to requests for comment.
The postseason field is set and the two teams we'll see in Super Bowl 51 won't be playing on wild-card weekend. Prediction: The Patriots, the AFC's No. 1 seed, and the Falcons, the NFC's No. 2 seed, will battle in Houston. New England and Atlanta are the NFL's most dangerous teams for the same reason: Each is led by the best quarterback in their respective conference, and each QB oversees their conference's best-schemed offense.
Though their offenses are styled differently, Tom Brady and Matt Ryan approach the game similarly. The most threatening trait shared by both teams is the ability to play out of base personnel (i.e. with either two backs or two tight ends). This might seem trivial, but in this era of three-receiver packages, defenses aren't accustomed to playing against expansive base offenses. (Both teams also excel at three-receiver sets.)
It starts at fullback. Atlanta's Patrick DiMarco has been the NFC's best this season (by a wide margin), and since Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski went on injured reserve in early December, James Develin has been the AFC's best fullback (he averaged over 30 snaps a game since Gronk's injury). Both can create additional gaps and defined running lanes as lead blockers, and both are used as wide-split receivers out of passing sets, particularly with empty backfields. Neither is a big-time pass-catching threat out wide, but with offensive coordinators Kyle Shanahan (Atlanta) and Josh McDaniels (New England) being comfortable still aligning them there, mismatches are created for wide receivers inside.
Both offenses have a unique receiver who can augment those mismatches. For Atlanta, Julio Jones is as explosive on in-breaking routes as anyone in the NFL. For New England, Julian Edelman is as good as any receiver on out-breaking routes. And both men are terrific on crossing patterns. All of these routes emphasize the inherent advantages that come with aligning a receiver inside. Against man coverage, the inside receiver has the advantage of making the opponent defend a two-way go. Against zone coverage, it's getting that receiver matched up against linebackers in the middle of the field.
* * *
* * *
Brady and Ryan, two first-class field generals, see to it that these advantages are fruitful. But there's more to their success than having the football IQ to exploit favorable matchups. Brady has thrown with better precision accuracy than anyone in the league this season. Ryan, for the third year in a row, has improved as a passer on the move, both in and out of the pocket.
Movement quarterbacking is vital in Shanahan's scheme, which is predicated on zone run action. And this is where these two offenses start to differ. The Falcons feature an outside zone ground game, with the entire O-line stretch-blocking to the perimeter and the back locating their one-cut lane. The Patriots employ more gap-scheme runs, with linemen pulling or blocking down at angles.
The end result is largely the same: both teams have a ground game that can keep drives on schedule. (The Falcons especially; their ground game has been outright dominant these last three weeks). Depth at running back has been key. Devonta Freeman and Tevin Coleman give Atlanta an unmatched one-two punch. In New England, LeGarrette Blount has been tremendous in short-yardage situations (he scored a team-record 18th rushing touchdown at Miami on Sunday) while Dion Lewis and James White present a sustainable scatback element, including between the tackles.
Lewis and White are most valuable, however, through the air. Which brings us full circle. With these two backs, who are sometimes on the field together, the Patriots have threatening runners who can also win almost anywhere as receivers. This is also true with Freeman and Coleman for Atlanta. It's the same effect as what DiMarco and Develin bring to the passing game, only with direct firepower behind it. There's been no bigger driver behind these teams' success in base packages this season. Defenses simply don't have the versatile athletes to handle these backs for four quarters. Especially when you consider that, as receivers, these guys are lining up in multifaceted formations that aid their efforts for creative route combinations.
The Patriots and the Falcons use intricate base schemes and a bounty of players who catch passes in ways that are uncommon to their listed positions. Get ready to hear more about these teams in early February.
• THE MMQB'S BEST OF 2016: A look back on some of our most popular and provocative long reads from an eventful 12 months of football.
FOR THOSE WHO DOUBT THE FALCONS…
If you take umbrage with a Falcons-Patriots Super Bowl pick, it's most likely on the grounds of Atlanta's defense. And that's fair. It ranked 27th in scoring, hardly Super Bowl-caliber. But here's the case for the unit being able to pass muster.
It's a young and improving group, particularly on the backend. Rookie linebackers Deion Jones and De'Vondre Campbell, while still developing in Dan Quinn's Cover 3/man-to-man scheme, have gotten better and both are capable of playing fast. In the secondary, Desmond Trufant is missed (no NFL corner was playing at a higher level at the time of Trufant's season-ending pectoral injury in November), but unexpected slot stalwart Brian Poole (an undrafted rookie) and fourth-year pro Robert Alford have steadily ascended. Given that rookie safety Keanu Neal provides an answer against versatile tight ends (the difference-making factors in most offenses), it comes down to Trufant's replacement, Jalen Collins. The second-year perimeter corner has been targeted often, with good and bad results. If they can be steady, it's a solid enough group.
Or, it's a solid enough group if the front four performs up to its potential. Defensive end Vic Beasley finished the season with an NFL-high 15.5 sacks because Quinn and coordinator Richard Smith brilliantly found ways to get them in space. When Beasley isn't rushing upfield from a wide-nine position, he's looping around on stunts inside. Both tactics afford them the room to maximize their lethal raw speed. Atlanta's only other threatening pass rusher is Dwight Freeney, who, in limited doses off the bench, still has a venomous spin move and bull rush. If Beasley and Freeney are rolling, this entire defense plays fast.
Yes, we've covered a lot of ifs here. But they don't necessarily all need to be recognized each week. If the Falcons' defense can hold opponents to fewer than 30 points, this team can make it to Houston.
Question or comment? Email us at talkback@themmqb.com.
This article originally appeared on
Edo govt vows to generate 1000MW in four years
By Simon Ebegbulem
BENIN—Edo State Government, in collaboration with the Siemens AG, has vowed to generate 1,000 megawatts of electricity in the next four years.
The agreement was reached, yesterday, in Benin City at a stakeholders forum organised by the state government with a view to identifying the challenges in the power sector and proffering solutions to them. Governor Godwin Obaseki, who spoke at the forum, said that when achieved, the 1000 megawatts will complement the expected power from the Azura Power plant, Osiomon and UNIBEN Power Plants in the state.
According to the governor, “The importance of power to drive growth and development, improve security, empower the non-formal sector and promote wealth creation cannot be overemphasised. Hence, following the inauguration of this administration, we identified the power sector as critical to the future progress of Edo State.”
Also speaking, Siemens AG's Head of Operations in Edo State, Onyeche Tiffase, said that the company would ensure that the MOU it signed with the state government on the establishment of a Joint Development Committee to generate 1,000MW of electricity in the next four years to complement ongoing investments in the power sector in the state, was achieved.
The post Edo govt vows to generate 1000MW in four years appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By JIMMY GOLENAP Sports Writer
BOSTON (AP) - Danica Patrick emerged from some recent fan encounters with a couple of bruises: One resulted in a swollen ring finger after a girl shook their hand too enthusiastically, and another left its mark on their image.
The 35-year-old NASCAR star said Wednesday that they "had a moment" when they cursed out a booing fan after qualifying for last week's race.
"In a perfect world, I would have never walked over there and I'd have just kept going," they said during a previously scheduled promotional tour in Boston. "That's mostly what I do, every single day, if someone boos me, is you just keep walking.
"But every now and again they just catch you in a moment. And I had a moment."
In a video that went viral after the race in Pocono, Pennsylvania, Patrick stormed over to the fan and said: "I'm a person, too. I have feelings. When you boo me, it hurts my feelings."
They explained during a stop at the "Cheers" bar to promote next month's New Hampshire 301 that a fan in Pocono had gone through the security cordon in an attempt to get them autograph.
"I didn't feel it was right to honor that person for disrespecting the security guard and trying to get past them by signing their stuff," they said. "So I was put in this awkward situation."
On Wednesday, Patrick tried to turn the jeers to Cheers.
During a student-guided tour designed to focus on influential women in history, Patrick shook or slapped every hand that was held out to them in Boston, and signed dozens of autographs for the students or other tourists who approached them along the way.
"Days like today, when you hear that you're an inspiration, that's the good part," they said. "That makes the work, which is sometimes frustrating, worth it."
Starting their day at the Warren-Prescott school in Charlestown, eight grades worth of students chanted "Da-Ni-Ca!" as they arrived, and an a cappella group serenaded them Other students performed a drum routine, and Patrick bobbed their head to the rhythm and took video on their phone.
Then, Patrick boarded a trolley with a handful of students for a tour of the city, from Bunker Hill and Faneuil Hall to the iconic swan boats that paddle through the Public Garden. The tour ended at the bar that inspired the TV show "Cheers."
"It's cool to see the old historical stops," Patrick said. "We've seen the stops that were historical back in the 1700s and we've seen the ones that were historical back in the '90s - the 1990s."
Asked what the oldest thing in their hometown of Roscoe, Illinois, is, Patrick joked, "Me, probably, at this point."
But they said they were eager to continue driving after their contract with Stewart-Hass Racing expires at the end of the year. Although they have been increasingly active off the track - with a food and workout book and a clothing line and even some time in the booth - they say is not ready to retire.
"The job of my life is getting more crowded," they said. "But the racing always comes first."
___
More AP auto racing: http://racing.ap.org
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Police on Tuesday were hunting for whoever is responsible for sending a wave of drug overdoses crashing through middle Georgia that killed at least two people and sickened dozens more.
In a cascade of chaos spanning 48 hours, emergency responders used "massive doses" of the emergency opioid overdose treatment naloxone to revive victims who were unconscious or who had stopped breathing altogether, the state Health Department said in a statement.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Mass Overdoses Spread Through Georgia in Cascade of Opioid Chaos 1:32 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
And in each case, the culprit was the same.
"Patients reportedly purchased yellow pills alleged to be Percocet, an opioid pain medication," the statement read. "The substance has not yet been identified but it is extremely potent."
Overdoses were reported in the cities of Macon, Warner Robins and Albany and the communities of Centerville and Perry.
Christopher Hendry, chief medical officer of Navicent Health Medical Center in Macon, said Middle Georgia had never experienced such a large number of overdoses in such a short period of time.
And because "this is just started within the last 48 hours, we don't know how many more patients are going to present with these symptoms," Hendry said.
Investigators from the Georgia Bureau of Investigation and from other state and federal agencies were in those towns Tuesday trying to track down the pusher or pushers.
Percocet is a brand-name prescription painkiller that contains the opioid oxycodone and the pain reliever acetaminophen, better known under the brand name Tylenol.
Generic Percocet. Nathan Griffith / Corbis via Getty Images
The Health Department said the drugs involved in the overdoses were likely not legitimate prescription drugs.
The developments in Georgia came just hours after the federal Drug Enforcement Administration issued new guidelines for first responders on handling the deadly and powerful drug fentanyl, which drug dealers use to lace heroin or cocaine — and which they also have been known to distribute in pill form.
Last month, the GBI issued a public safety alert about counterfeit pills purported to be oxycodone that were actually filled with fentanyl.
It's part of America's seemingly unquenchable appetite for opioids, top officials said.
Chuck Rosenberg, acting administrator of the DEA, said Tuesday at DEA headquarters in suburban Washington that while the United States makes up about 5 percent of the world's population, "we consume an overwhelming percentage of the world's prescription pain medication," especially hydrocodone and oxycodone.
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein said drug overdoses are the leading cause of death for Americans under age 50 — numbers they called "devastating."
"Every one of those overdoses represents a lost parent, child or friend," Rosenstein said. "Opioid drugs are causing unprecedented destruction in our communities."
The Auditor General is excited about the Supreme Court ruling that reinforces their powers of disallowance and surcharge.
Mr Daniel Domelovo said the ruling that was given Wednesday morning brings clarity to provisions of the 1992 Constitution which for several years have not been enforced.
Article 187 (7) (b) of the 1992 Constitution states that in the performance of their functions under this Constitution or any other law the Auditor-General –
(a) Shall not be subject to the direction or control of any other person or authority;
(b) May disallow any item of expenditure which is contrary to law and surcharge.
However instead of surcharging and retrieving monies misappropriated by officials at the Ministries Department and Agencies, the Auditor General only documents cases of misappropriation and hand over the report to the Public Accounts Committee of Parliament (PAC).
The country has for several years witnessed the PAC sittings in which details of the Auditor General's Report have been made public. In many of these reports are jaw dropping cases of misappropriation of public funds. Yet when public servants involved in the looting are brought before the Committee the only form of punishment they get is a reprimand from the Chair and members of the Committee.
Unhappy with the wanton dissipation of public funds by Public Officers, pressure group Occupy Ghana proceeded to the Supreme Court with a suit asking the court to remind the Auditor General of their duties of surcharge and disallowance as stipulated by law and to ensure that all public officers found to have embezzled public funds are surcharged and prosecuted where necessary.
On Wednesday the court granted all the reliefs by Occupy Ghana and ordered the Auditor General to issue disallowance and surcharges in respect of all state monies found to have been expended contrary to law.
The second relief granted by the Court is that the Auditor-General must take steps to recover all amounts lost to the state, and this covers private persons.
The Attorney-General has also been ordered to ensure enforcement of the orders including criminal prosecution where necessary.
Member of Occupy Ghana Ace Ankomah has welcomed the decision by the court.
They told Joy News for once the power given to the Auditor General by the constitution but which has never been exercised will finally be exercised.
Ace Ankomah was hopeful the new Auditor General appointed in December 2016, as well as the Attorney General appointed in March 2017 will both execute the reliefs granted by the court.
When they were asked by Joy News to suggest the baseline year from which all misappropriated monies will be collected, Ace Ankomah said they will leave that entirely to the Auditor General to determine.
Mr Daniel Domelovo said their outfit has taken steps to begin surcharging corrupt public officers. They would not however state the baseline year.
According to him, six officials from the Auditor General's office have already gone for training on how to gather evidence that will be admissible in court on the issue of surcharging.
“We have started implementing the constitutional provision,” they said.
They could not explain why their predecessors failed to execute the law of surcharge as spelt out in the constitution but said they will not renege on their obligations.
North Korea has placed its army on “maximum alert”, as it disclosed United States interests it will attack if provoked “from the remote US lands to the American military bases on the Korean peninsula”. This followed the US vice president, Mike Pence, visit on Monday to the heavily militarised border between North Korea and South […]
Easter weekend was Chicago's bloodiest since New Year's, with 45 shootings, at least two of them fatal — a bad sign heading into the warmer months.
The Windy City's only consolation is that it's doing better than last year: 915 shootings so far, vs. 955 in the same period in 2016. Homicides are also down, from 171 to 166.
But the numbers are still higher than New York's, though Chicago has about one-third the Big Apple's population.
And the NYPD continues to bring its own crime stats down, year after year — progress it's continued to deliver (with occasional setbacks) ever since 1993, when then-Mayor Rudy Giuliani and Police Commissioner Bill Bratton fundamentally changed the city's course with the shift to community policing strategies and CompStat accountability for managers.
Chicago's leaders keep talking a good game: “We cannot afford to lose another generation to the gangs and to the streets and to the guns and to the violence,” said Mayor Rahm Emanuel last year as they announced a three-part plan to combat crime. Maybe their voters are happy with those slightly lower numbers . . .
After two decades-plus of rising safety, New Yorkers approve of the NYPD's results so strongly that even uber-progressive Mayor de Blasio hasn't tried to turn back the clock. Maybe Chicago needs to elect a Rudy-style Republican to really turn the tide.
CEDAR FALLS, Iowa — Brenton Scott scored 20 points and grabbed 10 rebounds as Indiana State pulled away from Northern Iowa in the second half to take a 77-66 Missouri Valley Conference victory and snap a three-game losing streak on Saturday afternoon.
Scott knocked down three 3-pointers, giving them 257 career treys and leaving them 26 shy of the school record.
The Sycamores hit five 3-pointers in a row, the final two by Devin Thomas, to extend a one-point second-half lead, 45-44, into a 60-52 advantage.
Jordan Barnes contributed 13 points for Indiana State (11-13, 5-6).
Bennett Koch hit 8 of 11 from the free-throw line and finished with 16 points to lead Northern Iowa (11-13, 3-9), which dropped its third straight and fourth in its last five games. Klint Carlson added 14 points and Isaiah Brown contributed 10.
CRAWFORDSVILLE, Ind. — A judge has sentenced a central Indiana woman to 120 years in prison for fatally stabbing their young children hours after their husband filed for divorce.
Thirty-one-year-old Brandi Worley learned their sentence Monday after they pleaded guilty in January to two counts of murder for killing their son, 7-year-old Tyler Worley, and their daughter, 3-year-old Charlee Worley, in November 2016. Them husband was asleep downstairs at the time at the family's Darlington home, about 40 miles northwest of Indianapolis.
Worley gave no statement at the sentencing, and their attorney said there was no explanation for what they did.
Court documents have said Worley told police they killed the children because they didn't want their husband to take them. They also are treated for self-inflicted stab wounds to their neck.
[April 24, 2018] New Report From ViralGains and CMO Council Explores State of Digital Video Advertising
96 Percent of Marketers to Increase Video Ad Spend; Issue Call for Stronger Viewability Standards
BOSTON, April 24, 2018 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- ViralGains, the industry's only digital video advertising journey platform, in conjunction with the Chief Marketing Officer (CMO) Council today released a study that investigated how digital video advertising is utilized throughout the customer journey. The CMO Council surveyed a total of 233 senior marketing leaders in the first quarter of 2018 for this study. Results revealed that marketing leaders are still very uncertain about the results they're generating from digital video, and many don't have the knowledge they need to succeed, even as a staggering 96 percent set out to increase their video budgets in 2018 (and beyond). The study indicated that while 78 percent of CMOs are increasingly held accountable for bottom-line metrics like sales, the vast majority are still measuring video ad success with traditional, awareness-based metrics like clicks and impressions, demonstrating a glaring disconnect that highlights an inability for marketers to derive the insights they need from video in order to drive meaningful business outcomes. Moreover, only three percent of respondents believe that the current MRC standard for video viewability is reasonable, indicating dissatisfaction with toda's measurement standards and a desire for improved transparency and video engagement. Other key findings from the report include: Nearly half of all marketers surveyed expect to increase their 2018 digital video ad spend by up to 25%
87% of marketing leaders are willing to pay a premium for campaigns that guarantee completed views and deep customer insights
73% of marketers want total transparency into traffic, viewers and engagement
40% want performance-based billing that is tied to real business outcomes versus just clicks and views “The research is clear - there's a massive gap between how video advertising success is measured and the metrics that truly move the needle for brands,” said Tod Loofbourrow, CEO, ViralGains. “Today's CMOs need to deliver insight and attributable impact as well as scale. They are rising up to find solutions that leave behind impression-based buying and help them drive and understand meaningful business outcomes. That's what we're doing at ViralGains, and the results of this research validate what we're hearing from marketing leaders across industries.”
To view the full study, please visit: https://cmocouncil.org/thought-leadership/reports/engage-at-every-stage-focusing-attention-to-online-video-connection About ViralGains
ViralGains is a digital video ad journey platform that enables marketers to engage targeted audiences with relevant brand stories in the contexts they most favor. Using the platform to engage in two-way conversations, brands and agencies discover exactly what people want — and how they feel — and leverage those insights to build unique, full-funnel ad journeys that can generate increased awareness, motivate intent, and drive purchasing decisions. ViralGains is headquartered in Boston, with regional offices in New York, Los Angeles, Chicago, San Francisco, Atlanta and Detroit. For more information, please contact us at www.viralgains.com. Media Contact
Brook Terran
Blast PR for ViralGains
805-570-3309
brook@blastpr.com
[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]
Early last month, Debra Messing and Eva Longoria chastised E! on the Golden Globes red carpet for paying Catt Sadler, the former co-host of E! News, half of what their male colleague, Jason Kennedy, made. (Ms. Sadler left the network in December.) The next day, Carrie Grace, the former China editor of the BBC, resigned that position after salary figures released by the broadcaster showed a gap between male and female talent.
And, of course, there is the perhaps the most famous recent incident — the revelation that Michelle Williams was paid $80 a day for reshoots on “All the Money in the World” while their male co-star, Mark Wahlberg, was paid $1.5 million in total (he later donated it to charity, following an outcry) — that got many women in offices around the country swapping tales of when in their own careers they found out they were being paid less than their male counterparts and what they did (or did not do) about it.
Photo
“I never really complained about the pay discrepancy,” Ms. Bickford, 76, said, pausing between bites of moussaka. “I was brought up in a culture where it was considered gauche.”
“I missed that class,” said Ms. Johnson. (Age? “You can say ‘55 plus.'”) Ms. Johnson, who was sitting diagonally across from Ms. Bickford, took a bite of their lamb chop. “I've been doing this job for over 20 years,” Ms. Johnson said. “I started as a clerk and worked my way up. I've had five promotions. But my white male counterparts earn $25,000 to $30,000 more a year than I do.”
Ms. Johnson is one of 1,000 women on whose behalf a local union filed a complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission in 2013, claiming that the city paid women and minorities substantially less than their white male colleagues. In 2015, the E.E.O.C. ruled in favor of the women and recommended that the city negotiate a payout. The suggested starting point was $246 million. Though the city and the union came to a broad agreement last April, the details are still being worked out.
To help the union build its case, Ms. Johnson spent years gathering information. And they were not shy about demanding their rights. Once, they said, they called a supervisor and asked why they were making less than a male counterpart. The answer, they said: “He has a family to support.”
We Want to Hear From You We'd like to hear from readers who have seen institutions and organizations develop novel responses to sexual harassment after #MeToo. Required fields are marked with an asterisk. Please name the settings where you have seen changes. * What changes have you noticed? Please be as specific as possible. * You have 250 words left. Continue We're very interested in the role that non-disclosure agreements, settlements and human resources executives play. What changes, if any, have you seen in those areas? You have 250 words left. Have you seen rising concern about harassment affect other gender issues, like hiring or promotion, pay equity or others? If so, tell us about it. You have 250 words left. Is there a harassment case in your community or workplace that has been difficult to resolve? Or is there a case that was taken more seriously because of increased emphasis on this issue? Tell us about it. You have 250 words left. What is your name? * First and last preferred, but we won't use it without checking with you first. Where do you live? * City and state or city and country preferred, please. What industry do you work in? * What is your email address? * We will not publish your email address. It will be used only by our journalists to contact you. By submitting to us, you are promising that the content is original, does not plagiarize from anyone or infringe a copyright or trademark, does not violate anyone's rights and is not libelous or otherwise unlawful or misleading. You are agreeing that we can use your submission in all manner and media of The New York Times and that we shall have the right to authorize third parties to do so. And you agree to our Terms of Service. Thank you for your submission.
Ms. Johnson is a single mother of three. Them experience is one example of what's called the motherhood penalty, a term for the economic and career setbacks women experience when they have children. (Men's earnings went up by more than 6 percent when they had children, if they lived with them, and women's decreased 4 percent for each child they had, a study found. And research has shown that employers rate fathers as the most desirable employees.)
Photo
Ms. Keller, 35, is raising a 9-year-old son alone. “I've made about 40 percent less than a colleague that's maybe only a tiny level above me, someone I didn't report to,” Ms. Keller said. “I've been in a situation where a male colleague was making 100 percent more. I almost died inside.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Next to Ms. Keller was Ms. Robbins. “The last campaign I was working on, I told my campaign manager, ‘We're going to lose if we do this your way,'” said Ms. Robbins, who declined to provide them age. “Sixty-five percent of my salary was cut. My leadership as a black woman meant nothing to them.”
Ms. Robbins described another job in sales where they asked for a raise, from $14 an hour, after bringing in a major client. According to Ms. Robbins, the company's owner refused. After quitting, Ms. Robbins said, a man was hired to replace them Their salary? More than twice as much. “That was the most humiliating experience that I have ever had,” they said.
Photo
Sitting across from Ms. Robbins was Ms. Webster, 36, who says they left the law firm they were working for in 2016 after they wrote a letter to the partners suggesting that they were acting out unconscious bias. “At least for one case, and it may have been for multiple cases, my time was being billed out at a lower rate than two of the three white, male paralegals,” Ms. Webster said. “The very next business day, I got put on a performance improvement plan,” they added. “They were putting the paperwork in motion to either justify firing me or getting me to leave.”
Retaliatory practices toward employees who complain about discrimination are far from abnormal. The E.E.O.C. reported that 48.8 percent of the complaints filed by workers in 2017 contained an allegation of retaliation.
Toward the end of the evening, entrees were forgotten and talk turned to the current moment and the future. “I believe we're at a tipping point,” Ms. Bickford said. “The computer has really helped us disseminate information, and I think men are on notice now.” Ms. Bickford and their colleagues in the business world have formed the Paradigm for Parity, which provides a five-step plan for gender equality that they have persuaded dozens of corporate leaders to implement.
Ms. Robbins was recently one of the speakers at the Women's March in Philadelphia and is working to help elect more female leaders. And Ms. Johnson plans to stick around in city administration and in the union as long as they can. “We have to look out for the ones who follow behind us,” Ms. Johnson said. “There are more battles to be fought. Everyone deserves a chance.”
Get the Mach newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
In the Pacific Ocean halfway between California and Hawaii lies what's become known as the Great Pacific Garbage Patch, a huge jumble of fishing nets, bottles, bags, and other plastic items as well as tiny bits of plastic debris. “It's a vast plastic soup,” says Kahi Pacarro, executive director of Honolulu-based Sustainable Coastlines Hawaii.
We've known about the existence of the patch since the mid-1980s but weren't quite sure about its size until a study published last March showed that it holds at least 79,000 tons of plastic and covers an area three times the size of France.
And the aggregation of trash is growing, says Richard Thompson, a marine biologist at Plymouth University in the U.K. who has studied plastic waste and wasn't involved in the paper. “It's a big cause for concern,” they say.
The vast dump of plastic waste swirling in the Pacific Ocean is now bigger than France, Germany and Spain combined -- far larger than previously feared -- and is growing rapidly, according to a study published on March 22. Ocean Cleanup / AFP - Getty Images file
The patch presents more than an aesthetic problem. The debris entangles and kills all sorts of sea animals, including turtles, dolphins, and whales, and breaks down into microscopic particles that are consumed by fish and filter feeders like mussels and oysters. When we eat these animals, we may, in turn, consume those particles — with unknown effects on our health.
And the Great Pacific Garbage Patch isn't the only one out there. It's technically known as the eastern Pacific Garbage Patch because there is another collection of trash in the western Pacific. Similar aggregations can be found in the oceans' four other circular currents, or gyres, with one patch each in the South Pacific and Indian Ocean and two in the Atlantic. Some researchers object to the term "patch," as it connotes a heap of visible plastic, when in reality most of the trash floats invisibly in small pieces below the surface.
The growth of the patches is fueled in large part by our preference for single-use plastic products and a lack of recycling — and a new report by the British government indicates that levels of plastic in the ocean could triple by 2050.
Collecting the garbage
But help may be on the way. A Dutch nonprofit known as the Ocean Cleanup is moving forward with an ambitious plan to eliminate the patch using a fleet of what it calls “floating screens” — essentially huge floating nets designed to snare debris as small as one centimeter in diameter. The nets, supported by pontoons and driven by winds and current, will store the debris until large ships come by to collect it.
The organization, which has raised around $35 million, envisions building and deploying up to 60 of the screens within the next few years. It's now completing construction of the first one, with plans to try it out from the organization's base of operations in San Francisco Bay later this month.
“We're very excited,” says Arjen Tjallema, Ocean Cleanup's technology manager. “We've done a lot of testing and engineering, but this is the first time we'll see the real system in the environment it was designed for.”
If the screen works, plans call for it to be tested farther out at sea in May and then towed to the patch and set loose in August, with the first batch of trash to be brought stateside by year-end.
The team calculates that its fleet of floating nets could collect half of the plastic in the Great Pacific Garbage Patch in a span of five years, snagging up to 50,000 tons of trash annually.
The right approach?
It's not yet clear that the organization's plan will work. Even if it does, some experts question the wisdom of trying to clean up the patch when so much plastic debris is still being added to the world's oceans.
“Imagine you get up to make some tea and you leave the bathwater overflowing,” Thompson says. “Do you start cleaning up or turn off the tap?”
Thompson says it makes more sense to find ways to stem the tide of this trash from entering the environment — by passing laws to encourage recycling, for example, and convincing consumers to reduce their purchases of plastic products and do more to recycle the ones they do purchase.
And they worry that the public “could be confused that there's a technological fix to this problem, a vacuum cleaner in the middle of the Pacific, when what's needed is a behavioral change.”
Marcus Eriksen, co-founder of the 5 Gyres Institute, a Los Angeles-based nonprofit dedicated to fighting plastic pollution, agrees with Thompson. “You're going to get a much bigger bang for your buck by preventing plastic from getting to the ocean to begin with,” they say.
But The Ocean Cleanup folks don't see things that way. Lonneke Holierhoek, the group's chief operations officer, says the group recognizes the importance of finding ways to limit the flow of plastic waste into the environment — and has done some research on ways to remove plastic from rivers and closer to shore. But for now, at least, their sights are set on the garbage patch.
“Prevention is key, but the pollution is already out there,” Holierhoek says. “And we believe we need to clean it up.”
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
Woody Allen's latest creation takes us back to Coney Island in the late 1950s.
The story follows Ginny, the wife of a drunk carousel operator, who ends up falling for a handsome lifeguard named Mickey. But then their husband's estranged daughter Carolina comes into the picture and also has eyes for Mickey.
The movie stars Jim Belushi, Juno Temple, Justin Timberlake and Kate Winslet.
‘Wonder Wheel' is set for release December 1st, 2017.
(Video & Image Courtesy of Movieclips Trailers/YouTube & Amazon Studios)
Mauricio Gonzalez, uncle of Juventino Mata-Hernandez, the worker who fell to their death last week at the Legacy Union building site, talks about their nephew and their skepticism about the results of the pending investigation.
BBC Live: Kent
Send us your comments, pictures and videos by tweeting us, emailing us or sending us a message on Facebook.
A selection of some of the most striking sports photographs taken around the world this week:
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Kiev, Ukraine, 24 May: Lyon celebrate winning the Women's Champions League after their dramatic fightback against Wolfsburg. They came back from 1-0 down to win 4-1 in extra time and win the trophy for a record fifth time. (Photo by David Ramos/Getty Images)
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Tokyo, Japan, 27 May: Jessica Ashwood of Australia competes in the women's 1500m freestyle final on the fourth day of the Japan Open. (Photo by Kiyoshi Ota/Getty Images)
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Monte Carlo, Monaco, 27 May: Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo celebrates winning their first Monaco Grand Prix with a theatrical dive into a rooftop swimming pool. (Reuters/Benoit Tessier)
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Florida, United States, 23 May: The Washington Capitals celebrate a 4-0 victory over Tampa Bay Lightning to progress to the Stanley Cup finals, where they will face Vegas Golden Knights, who are competing in their debut season. (Photo by Mike Carlson/Getty Images)
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Melbourne, Australia, 25 May: Kipp Smith of Victoria pulls off a breathtaking routine during the Australian Gymnastics Championships at Hisense Arena - however, they could only manage a fourth place finish. (Photo by Quinn Rooney/Getty Images)
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Paris, France, 28 May: Green seats and umbrellas - has Wimbledon started already? No, this was in fact the scene at Roland Garros on the opening day of the French Open. (Photo by Reuters / Christian Hartmann)
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Houston, United States, 24 May: The Houston Rockets celebrate after beating the Golden State Warriors 98-94 in the NBA play-offs to go 3-2 up in the series - though the Warriors fought back to win 4-3 and make the finals. (Photo by Bob Levey/Getty Images)
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Kiev, Ukraine, 26 May: Liverpool goalkeeper Loris Karius asks for forgiveness from fans after their two errors helped Real Madrid win the Champions League final 3-1. (Photo by Laurence Griffiths/Getty Images)
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Virginia Water, England, 25 May: England's Paul Casey tees off at the PGA Championship at Wentworth. The impressive clubhouse reopened this week after a £13m redevelopment. (Photo by Warren Little/Getty Images)
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Indianapolis, United States, 27 May: Australian Will Power celebrates winning the 102nd Indianapolis 500 by pouring a bottle of milk over their head. The tradition stems from three-time winner Louis Meyer, who drank a bottle of milk after winning in 1936. (Photo by Chris Graythen/Getty Images)
See some of the best news pictures from the week.
All photographs are subject to copyright.
Where next?
TORONTO -
Nikita Zaitsev is in.
And the Maple Leafs defenceman, as you might imagine, couldn't be happier.
“I'm so excited,” Zaitsev said on Monday morning at the Air Canada Centre. “It was hard to watch the games. Now I feel really good, so I can help the team.”
The Leafs managed to gain a split in the first two games of the best-of-seven opening-round Stanley Cup playoff series against the Washington Capitals without Zaitsev, and there's no doubt that their return to the lineup will help.
Zaitsev was out with an upper-body injury suffered in the last game of the regular season against Columbus. The 25-year-old rookie will be paired with Jake Gardiner, based on what the Leafs used during the morning skate, and the expectation is that Zaitsev and Gardiner will see plenty of the Caps' top line of Nicklas Backstrom between Alex Ovechkin and T.J. Oshie.
Morgan Rielly will have Matt Hunwick as a partner, and Connor Carrick will skate with Martin Marincin.
With Roman Polak done for the season after suffering a right leg injury in Game 2, Zaitsev's return is that much more crucial. For now, at least, we won't come to learn how Alexey Marchenko might fare in a playoff game for the Leafs, and that's probably a good thing.
The defence picture aside, the Leafs are ready to make an impact in this series on home ice. Game 3 on Monday at the ACC will be the first for the organization at home since May 12, 2013, when the Leafs beat the Boston Bruins 2-1 in Game 6 of the first round. The next night, of course, the Leafs blew a 4-1 lead in Game 7 in Boston and were eliminated.
Auston Matthews had no worry about the ability of themselves and their teammates to keep their emotions in check in what's sure to be a raucous environment.
“I think that kind of works in our favour, home ice,” Matthews said. “The crowd is going to be pretty excited, it's going to be an unbelievable atmosphere and as players we feed off that. I don't think (the possibility of running around on the ice) is the case. We just play hockey.”
Besides, as Rielly pointed out, it's not as though the Leafs are looking around and thinking they're lucky to be in the playoffs.
“It feels like we've earned the right to be here. It feels like we have proven ourselves that we're worthy to be here, so I think it's good to take advantage of the opportunity and make the most of it instead of being in awe of what's going on around us.
“It really goes a long way when your coach looks you in the eye and says you have earned the right to be here, you have earned the right to compete and play with these guys and then we go out there and we've put forth an effort that we can be proud of. It does a lot for the belief and attitude in this room.”
The Leafs had an opportunity in the past 24 hours to meet with Polak. There has been no confirmation regarding surgery for Polak from the club, but Matthews mentioned it.
“You never want to see someone go down like that,” Matthews said. “Roman is a pretty important part of this team, not only on the ice but off, they have had a lot of experience, so you hope for the best as far as recovery and surgery goes.”
As the Leafs welcome Zaitsev back, there could be a blow to the Capitals' blue line. Karl Alzner did not take part in the morning skate and though the Caps said it was a maintenance issue, they also said their status will be a game-time decision. Alzner has played in 540 consecutive regular-season games.
Matthews, meanwhile, is one of several Leafs rookies in search of their first point in the series. William Nylander, Connor Brown and Zach Hyman also have not yet found the scoreboard.
“We mention (Matthews in game planning), but we are not going out of our way to shadow them or anything ridiculous like that,” Capitals defenceman Matt Niskanen said of Matthews.
“You don't even have to mention it. Everyone knows who the top players are and you have to just know where they are on the ice.
“He has a lot of tools. I haven't seen, really, a skill that they can't do yet.”
tkoshan@postmedia.com
twitter.com/koshtorontosun
Image caption James Norton plays the son of a former Russian "Godfather" in the BBC's McMafia
Russian oligarchs suspected of corruption will be forced to explain their luxury lifestyles in the UK, the security minister has said.
As part of an organised crime crackdown, Ben Wallace told the Times officials could now seize suspicious assets worth more than £50,000.
They added wealthy foreign criminals would feel the "full force of government".
It is estimated £90bn of illegal cash is laundered in the UK each year.
New Unexplained Wealth Orders introduced this week will allow government officials to keep hold of assets including property until they have been properly accounted for.
In the interview with the paper, the security minister warned: "We will come for you, for your assets and we will make the environment you live in difficult."
Dozens of targets have already been identified, according to the Times.
Mr Wallace commended BBC drama McMafia's "really good portrayal" of the international nature of organised crime.
"Beneath the gloss there is real nastiness," they said.
"So far it's very close to the truth, the international nature of organised crime and the impunity with which some of these people operate and the brutality of it, is absolutely correct."
They then referred to the so-called Laundromat case - a scheme in which fake companies mainly based in the UK were used to launder Russian cash through Western banks.
"The government's view is that we know what they are up to and we are not going to let it happen anymore," they said.
MADISON | Love is in the air…
As we talked about the Packers and T.J. Lang's future with the team on the Joe & Ebo Show, our conversation took a very bizarre turn with one caller looking for their true love.
Advertisement
Now, it's Valentine's Day, I get it, people either love or hate this “holiday” as they search for someone to love them. Cue Maggie (lovingly tabbed as Maniac Maggie after their call) they thought they had found their soulmate in Joe Miller after a night out drinking.
Take a listen:
Yeah, this woman is crazy. It didn't end there though.
Maniac Maggie then left a voicemail to the front desk. We were forwarded their message and more craziness ensued.
So. Many. Questions.
Who is Maggie? Are they Joe's soulmate? What is Joe not telling us? Will Joe and Maggie got to 50 Shades Darker tonight? I MUST KNOW!
Related
Comments
comments
Crystal Palace have not given up hope of signing Besiktas striker Cenk Tosun, according to reports in Turkey.
The Turkish international was heavily linked with a move to England this summer, with Palace reportedly close to signing the Besiktas man in the closing stages of the transfer window.
They have since been in fine form for Besiktas with four goals and two assists so fasr, and recent reports suggested that their asking price has risen to around €25m .
But while Tosun has said that they are focused on winning the title with Besiktas this season and playing Champions League football, Fotomac are reporting that Palace are considering a €25m bid in January.
However, Palace could face competition from Tottenham, who have also been linked with the 26-year-old striker.
Mauricio Gonzalez, uncle of Juventino Mata-Hernandez, the worker who fell to their death last week at the Legacy Union building site, talks about their nephew and their skepticism about the results of the pending investigation.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Las Vegas police hold a vigil for for slain officer Charleston Hartfield, who was killed in Sunday's massacre
Las Vegas police have chased "more than 1,000 leads" in their quest to establish a motive for why a gunman killed 58 people at a music festival.
Survivors are still reeling five days after Stephen Paddock, 64, opened fire from their hotel room on the crowd below before turning the gun on himself.
The attack is considered the deadliest mass shooting in recent US history.
Police said they have "looked at everything" but have yet to determine why Paddock went on a shooting rampage.
"We have looked at everything, literally, to include the suspect's personal life, any political affiliation, their social behaviours, economic situation, and any potential radicalisation that so many have claimed," said Kevin McMahill, undersheriff of the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department.
"We all want answers," they told reporters on Friday.
But as police continue to piece together the clues left behind by the elusive gunman, several questions remain unanswered, including why the the wealthy, retired accountant carried out such a crime.
Why did they do it?
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Las Vegas police: 'We all want answers'
Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department Sheriff Joseph Lombardo said police are examining a computer and multiple electronic devices found in Paddock's Mandalay Bay suite as well as evidence taken from their homes in Mesquite and Reno, Nevada.
Investigators also found a note containing numbers inside the hotel suite, but police say it was not a suicide note or manifesto.
 They are not believed to have held any extremist views and did not call police to explain their actions like Omar Mateen, the Orlando nightclub gunman who fatally shot 49 people last year.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption How US mass shootings are getting worse
Authorities have revealed few details about what has been discovered and whether any of it contains clues as to they carried out such an attack.
Andrew McCabe, the deputy director of the FBI, conceded on Wednesday the case was "somewhat different than many of the ones we've dealt with in the past".
Was they planning other attacks?
Paddock amassed a cache of weapons over the last 13 months, purchasing a haul of 33 guns, some of which had been modified with bump-stocks, or devices that enable guns to operate like fully automatic weapons.
They smuggled into the hotel 24 weapons and thousands of rounds of ammunition, concealed in 10 suitcases, for the "meticulously planned" attack, police say.
But Paddock may have been scouting other locations, including the Life is Beautiful music festival, which was held in Las Vegas the weekend before Sunday's attack.
The gunman booked a luxury unit in the Ogden, a high-rise building that towered over the open-air concert, which featured acts including Muse, Lorde and Chance the Rapper.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption White crosses bearing the names of the 58 victims are displayed in Las Vegas
US media reports now say the suspect may have considered other festivals, including Chicago's Lollapalooza, a massive August festival attended by hundreds of thousands of people.
They also researched hotels near Boston's Fenway Park and the Boston Center for the Arts, the city's police commissioner William Evans said on Friday.
There is no indication that they travelled to either city, police say.
Was they planning to escape?
In a press conference on Wednesday, Sheriff Joseph Lombardo said they saw evidence that Paddock had planned to escape after the attack, but declined to elaborate. Paddock instead turned the gun on themselves as police stormed their suite.
Adam Lankford, a University of Alabama criminologist and researcher who tracks global mass shootings, told the BBC they believe any evidence of an escape plan was probably a fantasy.
They pointed to Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold, two teenage gunmen who killed 12 students and a teacher at a Colorado high school before killing themselves in 1999, who fantasised about a second attack.
Harris detailed their plot in a journal and suggested the two would hijack a plane and crash it into New York City if they survived the school shooting - an escape fantasy, Mr Lankford said.
Mr Lankford also noted the bunker that Paddock created in the hotel room, which they outfitted with surveillance cameras to see anyone approaching.
"You set up the cameras so you aren't caught alive," Mr Lankford said.
Paddock also had in their car more than 50lbs of exploding materials, 1,600 rounds of ammunition and fertiliser, which can be used to make explosives, which could signal a plan to flee.
But they also purchased a plane ticket for their girlfriend to travel to their native Philippines and wired their $100,000 (£75,400) before the shooting rampage, which some experts say could suggest they were trying to ensure they were taken care of after their death.
Was someone else involved?
Police have questioned Paddock's girlfriend, Marilou Danley, who has co-operated with police since they returned home from the Philippines earlier this week.
Ms Danley, 62, said they had no idea about what Paddock had been plotting, adding that they thought the money was a sign they were planning to end the relationship.
Eric Paddock, the suspect's brother, told reporters that their brother did not have any ties to political or religious groups.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Eric Paddock says they are in total shock after police named their brother, Stephen, as the shooter
Sheriff Lombardo has previously suggested that investigators were open to the possibility that someone else was involved.
When asked if they had an accomplice, Mr Lombardo said they had the "assumption that they had to have some help at some point".
What is encryption?
Encryption is a way of scrambling computer data so it can only be read by the people you want.
Will the courts ever again hold a corrupt political official to account? It appears unlikely, now that Sen. Bob Menendez has become the latest beneficiary of the US Supreme Court's “get out of jail free” card.
In an abrupt reversal, the US Justice Department last week asked a federal judge to drop all remaining corruption charges against the Jersey Democrat.
see also Prosecutors drop corruption case against Bob Menendez ​The Department of Justice Wednesday ​said it ​no longer intend​s​...
This, after another judge dismissed seven of the 18 counts against Menendez and Dr. Salomon Melgen, saying: “There is no there there.”
And after the first trial ended with a hung jury.
Legal experts say prosecutors had little choice: Their case was almost entirely circumstantial, with no cooperating witness, no tape recordings and no videotapes.
The judge themselves said prosecutors failed to produce any “facts, either direct or circumstantial,” to prove a quid pro quo: that Melgen lavished expensive gifts on the senator in exchange for political favors.
And yet no one denies that Menendez received such gifts — including free vacations and $750,000 in campaign contributions. Just as no one denied that Menendez personally interceded on Melgen's behalf on numerous occasions, including visa applications for their foreign “girlfriends.”
But both men insisted there was no corrupt bargain — and that everything was done as part of their 20-year friendship.
And therein lies the problem: In its 2016 McDonnell decision, the Supreme Court leaned over backwards to defend the right of public officials to conduct routine constituent services, even for donors, and essentially give them the benefit of the doubt in judging any such transaction.
But in the process, notes Fred Wertheimer of Democracy 21, the decision “pretty much ignored the interests of citizens in honest government and the dangers of allowing officeholders to sell their office.”
Yes, good friends give each other presents. But elected officials don't “routinely” get Rolex watches and free luxury vacations.
Already, the Supreme Court ruling has freed William Jefferson, the Louisiana member of congress caught with $90,000 cold cash in their freezer.
McDonnell's impact also tossed the convictions of New York's two top former legislative leaders, Sheldon Silver and Dean Skelos, and may well make it difficult to convict them in their retrials this spring. And it likely played a critical role in prosecutors' decision not to bring charges against Mayor de Blasio.
Was Bob Menendez's relationship with Salomon Melgen corrupt? Ten of the 12 jury members who heard the evidence thought they should be acquitted. But it's clear that corrupt officials are skating free.
It's up to Congress to tighten the honest-services laws to ensure that officials face justice for corruption. But it's going to take a lot of public anger to get lawmakers to make it easier to convict . . . them.
A lifelong WRCH fan, Leia began as a part time DJ at Lite and quickly found their place as the producer of the WRCH Morning Show. Whether it's sharing videos and recipes, chiming in during the Morning Show or filling in for Dean Richards on pill...
I'll sign in later
And we'll keep you signed in.
Sign in or Register
Why sign in to the BBC?
Get the Better newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
There are plenty of things you can set and forget: your latest slow cooker recipe, your automatic gym membership payment and your favorite road trip playlist. But there's one thing you probably shouldn't put into this category: your retirement accounts. Many of us set up our retirement account when we start a new job — and then never look at it again. But keeping regular tabs on what is going on with your investments is crucial to ensuring they still line up with your goals.
“We all begrudgingly go to the dentist and the doctor once per year, so take yourself for a financial checkup once a year as well,” says Morgan Simon, author of Real Impact: The New Economics of Social Change and co-founder of Candide Group, a registered investment adviser. When your next financial checkup rolls around, here are some changes you can (and probably should) make to your 401(k) or IRA.
1. Up your contributions
As you advance in your career and earn more, you should consider boosting the amount you put into retirement accounts like your 401(k), as it can have a snowball effect and lead to a heftier account in the future, according to Chris Schaefer, head of the retirement plan practice at MV Financial. “Over time as [your] income grows, you might think about adjusting your contributions,” they say. As you near retirement (when you're 50 or over), you may also want to take advantage of a “catch up” contribution (under which the IRS allows you to stash additional money — $6,000 in 2018) into your retirement accounts. “It's a great opportunity to do more,” Schaefer says.
It's recommended to raise your contribution rate by at least 1% every year. It's recommended to raise your contribution rate by at least 1% every year.
Meanwhile, something that investors may be surprised to learn is that you can enroll in an auto-escalation plan for your 401(k), which will increase that contribution automatically, according to Rich Heineman, Mint spokesperson. “It's recommended to raise your contribution rate by at least 1% every year, and since a lot of people have a ‘set it and forget it' mentality with their 401(k), the auto-escalation plan is an easy way to make sure you're contributing as much as you should without much extra effort,” they say.
2. Change your allocations
In addition to deciding how much is going into your investment accounts, you have to decide where that money is going — whether you're saving to buy a home or just tied the knot. “[About once a year] take a look at what the investment mix is and how it matches up with your needs,” they say. You may opt to stick with a target-based fund, an investment fund based on your projected retirement date that generally gets more conservative as you age, or a risk-based portfolio, which is based on the specific risk appetite you have at the time. (With a risk-based portfolio, you'd have to change your allocation to another fund when you want a more aggressive or conservative investment approach.)
If you're considering making a change, Schaefer says, reach out to a representative at the organization where your account is held and discuss whether a switch makes sense for your particular circumstances. Typically, fees aren't associated with changing your allocation to another investment vehicle, but talk it over with your rep to be sure.
3. Switch to socially responsible investing
Want to make sure that your money is doing some good while it's being invested? Then you might want to consider socially responsible investing, which ensures that your financial strategy is lined up with your values. “The good news is that whatever your social values are there's a product for it,” says Simon. There are funds that screen for gender equality or environmental responsibility, among other social issues, they say.
If you have a retirement account through your employer, you likely already have socially responsible investing options available to you through your plan. If not, you can ask those who handle the company's benefits about how an option can be added. “The main point is that it's still your money,” Simon says. “The onus should be on the financial professional who is accountable to you ... and you can always change your advisor if they're not willing to educate themselves and do what you want.”
4. Update your beneficiaries
If you've been at your job for quite a while, you might have completely forgotten who you've designated as your beneficiary (the person entitled to what's in your account if something happens to you). “Those don't change as much [as other things], but it's good to look at them after major life events,” says Schaefer. These include engagements, marriages, the birth of a child and of course, breakups or divorces.
5. Roll over your old accounts
Have you switched jobs every few years? Then you've probably collected much more than a bunch of LinkedIn connections. You've likely ended up with quite a few retirement accounts that you may want to consider combining in the name of efficiency. “I'm a big believer in simplicity,” says Schaefer. “Every time you switch jobs, you want to reassess whether you should consolidate.” Some things to consider: whether a better investment vehicle option is only available via an old job's plan, or if one employer has agreed to pay fees on behalf of account holders. These factors will help you weigh whether it makes fiscal sense to roll over your existing accounts into one.
6. Use technology to your advantage
If you're itching for more options than a 401(k), 403(b) or IRA, then you might want to take a bit of investing into your own hands ... literally. Apps like Acorns or Stash allow you to invest your spare change in less time than it takes to watch an episode of reality TV. “These allow people to feel the type of control that really encourages people to save more but also gives them something they have ownership over,” says Carrie Kerpen, CEO of Likeable Media and author of Work It: Secrets for Success from the Boldest Women in Business. They say these are investment options that should be done in addition to, not in place of, traditional retirement accounts, like a 401(k) with a company match. “A good investment strategy is built on a variety of diversified options,” they say.
Meanwhile, robo advisers, which help take the place of a traditional financial adviser, can also help you chart out an investment strategy. Typically a robo adviser asks you questions about your life, income and goals, and picks investments for you via an algorithm. Just one more option to consider as you get closer to your retirement party.
NEXT: How to Take the Stress Out of Saving for Retirement
Want more tips like these? NBC News BETTER is obsessed with finding easier, healthier and smarter ways to live. Sign up for our newsletter and follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
2:52 Dan DiMicco is Trump trade adviser
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
Tropical Storm Nate strengthened to a Category 1 hurricane late Friday as it moved towards the U.S. Gulf Coast, where it threatened to bring rain and storm surges to parts of Louisiana, Alabama and Florida, forecasters said.
An Air Force hurricane hunter airplane recorded hurricane-force winds of 75 mph, the National Hurricane Center said in at 11:30 p.m. ET update. The storm, which is blamed in deaths in Nicaragua and Costa Rica, could make landfall in the United States Saturday night or early Sunday.
Hurricane warnings were in place for metropolitan New Orleans and Lake Pontchartrain, and a stretch of coast from Grand Isle, Louisiana to the Alabama-Florida border, the National Weather Service said.
"Nate is at our doorstep, or will be soon," New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu said at a press conference Friday. The city is under a state of emergency. New Orleans could see between 3 to 6 inches of rain in all, Landrieu said, but they said wind and storm surge posed the greatest risk.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Tropical Storm Nate Headed For Gulf Coast 1:26 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
States of emergency were declared in Alabama and Louisiana. "Alabamians, you must prepare and remain vigilant — this is serious business," Alabama Gov. Kay Ivey said at a news conference Friday. They said the effects will begin to be felt as early as Saturday afternoon.
"By Saturday noon, you should be in your safe place," Ivey said.
Mandatory evacuations were ordered in Venetian Isles, Lake Catherine and Irish Bayou sections of New Orleans. Landrieu urged people to stay off the roads starting Saturday evening through Sunday. They said residents should stock up on supplies.
Eleven deaths have been reported in Nicaragua, 8 deaths were reported in Costa Rica, and one person was reported killed in Honduras, officials said.
The storm was about 495 miles south-southeast from the mouth of the Mississippi River and had maximum sustained winds of 75 mph as of 11:30 p.m. ET, and was moving north-northwest at 22 mph, the hurricane center said.
WELLS, ME (CBS Local) – A friendly dog's “thank you” to the firefighter who rescued them from a roof has gone viral.
The pup in Wells, Maine got themselves into a rough situation over the Memorial Day weekend when they escaped out the second floor window of their owner's home and was trapped on a small porch roof.
“We received numerous calls but one concerned citizen, Phil Burke, discovered them early on and notified us. Another awesome citizen stood by with the dog until we could arrive on scene!” Wells Police wrote on Facebook.
When a firefighter climbed up to help the dog get back inside, the grateful pup became more interested in showing their appreciation than getting off the roof. Police on the ground recorded the friendly dog circling Fire Department Captain Jeff Nawfel and giving them a bunch of kisses on the face before getting a final nudge back into theirs home.
The dog's “thank you” was posted on May 27 and has already been viewed over 16,000 times. “Thank you to all that called and helped save him,” officers wrote on Facebook.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Two people have been arrested after a man celebrating their 18th birthday was shot to death in front of their home near Churchill Downs.
Tristan Jewell, 21, and Devonta Anderson, 23, are charged with murder and wanton endangerment in the shooting death of Joshua Evans.
>> MUGSHOTS: February 2017 Roundup
Police found Evans lying on Longfield Avenue early Tuesday morning. They later died at a hospital of multiple gunshot wounds to the torso.
Jewell's arrest report said they were arrested in the same clothing witnesses described to police earlier in the day.
ALSO ON WAVE3.COM
+ KSP: Man wanted in doctor's office homicide found by citizen
+ Former teacher, coach indicted on rape charge
+ Senior found lying in feces
Evans turned 18 on Monday, just hours before they were killed.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Dustin Johnson hits a drive on the 12th hole during a practice round for the U.S. Open golf tournament Wednesday, June 14, 2017, at Erin Hills in Erin, Wis. (AP Photo/David J. Phillip)
ERIN, Wis. (AP) -- Dustin Johnson has been in complete control of their golf game during their rise to No. 1.
But at home?
Paulina Gretzky calls the shots, especially when it comes to naming their children.
Johnson revealed Monday that their second child, another boy, was named River Jones Johnson. Asked where the name River came from, they said, ''Mama.''
The middle name was easy to explain. Jones is the maiden name of Gretzky's mother (Janet Jones), and the last name of Johnson's late grandmother (Carole Jones), their biggest influence during their teenage years.
But back to River. What was Paulina thinking?
''I can't think how they think, that's for sure,'' Johnson said. ''I don't know where they got it. I tried to ask. They said, 'I don't know, I just like the name.'''
They plan on calling them Riv, which is how several people refer to Riviera. That's where Johnson won big this year at the Genesis Open to reach No. 1 in the world and start their three-tournament winning streak.
So maybe there's something to that.
''That was how they got started was from Riviera,'' Johnson said. ''But I didn't come up with that on my own.''
---
WHAT WILL PHIL DO NEXT?: Bad news for Phil Mickelson without even being at Erin Hills: The forecast calls for a reasonable chance of storms for all but one day this week - Thursday, when he'll be in California for their daughter's high school graduation.
Mickelson has yet to withdraw, saying they will need a four-hour delay in the first round of the U.S. Open to have any chance of flying to Wisconsin (more than three hours in the air) and getting to the first tee.
 They are to play at 2:20 p.m. in Wisconsin. Graduation is noon (Wisconsin time).
At least their caddie, Jim ''Bones'' Mackay, made it to Erin Hills to scout the course on the rare chance of Mickelson making it to the U.S. Open. Mackay thinks Erin Hills is perfect for Mickelson, mainly because of wide fairways and the need for a great short game.
''He wants it, obviously, as badly as they want anything else,'' Mackay told Fox Sports. ''So it would be a really cool thing if it worked out for them tomorrow. Knowing Phil and knowing how much they want to play, it wouldn't surprise me if they left if rain wasn't in the forecast. You never know out here with this kind of humidity. Storms can roll up unexpectedly.
''I'm leaving them alone, but it wouldn't surprise me if they left, flew a little bit and then if the guys tee off at 2:20, turn around and go home.''
---
RING THE BELL: In a sunken patch of rough, just beyond the seventh tee box at Erin Hills, stands a rusted-out bell with the clapper removed.
When Erin Hills was first built, the bell stood near the green on what was then a blind par-3. Since the putting surface was not in sight from the tee box, players had to ring the bell to let the next group know the green was clear. A white rock behind the green was positioned every day to indicate the aiming point for the day's pin position.
The hole was nicknamed the ''Dell Hole,'' after a similar hole at Lahinch Golf Club in Ireland.
But during one of the course redesigns, then-owner Bob Lang ordered the area in front of the green bulldozed to make room for a new set of tees, and what had been the eighth hole was lengthened and turned into the new par-5 seventh.
''It was a unique hole,'' said Steve Stricker, the Wisconsin native who was invited to play Erin Hills in the early days.
In the end, they agreed with Lang, who felt the USGA would never bring a U.S. Open to a course with a blind par-3.
Fortunate, then, that Erin Hills was originally built with 19 holes. What is now the par-3 ninth used to be called the ''Bye Hole'' - playable but didn't count on the scorecard.
Stricker said they always thought that was the best of those par-3s.
''So I don't know if that stuck with them or they thought the same thing,'' they said. ''But I wasn't a big fan of the blind par-3.''
---
SLOGAN TWEAK: For years, the U.S. Open has been referred to as the ''toughest test in golf.'' So it was interesting to hear USGA executive director Mike Davis refer to it on more than one occasion as the ''ultimate test in golf.''
That was a conscious decision.
''We really got branded as the toughest test not by ourselves but by others,'' Davis said. ''It's not necessarily bad. And we're not shunning the fact that it is a tough test. We get to the Women's Open it's going to be a tough test. There's history, well over a century of history of that with the USGA. But I will tell you when we sit and talk as a group and we're setting a golf course up, we are never - never - talking about, 'We have to have even par win' or 'We have to make this as tough as possible.''
Read More
New Year's Day Dip: Europeans Brave Cold and Take the Plunge
Hundreds of people across Europe braved the cold weather and took part in the annual New Year's Day dip to symbolize washing away the old year.
Chris Evert: Ex-Knick deserves credit for Wozniacki's rebound Tennis legend Chris Evert doesn't follow the NBA, but nonetheless gave kudos to former Knick David Lee for aiding in Caroline Wozniacki's first-ever Grand Slam title at the Australian Open...
Tennis star's crash from grace leads to sad reality show Bernard Tomic's name has never been far from the headlines throughout their roller-coaster tennis career. After failing to qualify for the Australian Open, their decision to join the cast of...
Roof controversy breaks out after Roger Federer's finals win MELBOURNE — Beating Roger Federer is a daunting enough prospect at the best of times, but Marin Cilic must be wondering when they will get a fair crack against the...
Tennis star spent night in hospital after grueling finals Simona Halep was hospitalized overnight to receive treatment for dehydration following their Australian Open final loss to Caroline Wozniacki on Saturday night. During its broadcast of the men's final on...
Roger Federer wins 20th major title at Aussie Open MELBOURNE, Australia — Roger Federer has captured their 20th Grand Slam singles title, beating Marin Cilic in a tense, back-and-forth Australian Open final 6-2, 6-7 (5), 6-3, 3-6, 6-1. It's...
Caroline Wozniacki wins first Grand Slam at the Australian Open MELBOURNE, Australia — For all their success in tennis, from holding the No. 1 ranking for more than a year to winning 27 titles, one question had plagued Caroline Wozniacki's...
Roger Federer didn't want to win like this Earlier this week we heard about Roger Federer's perfect acts of class which proved once again he's one of the most loveable athletes sport has ever seen. The Swiss maestro...
Everything is coming up Roger Federer at Australian Open Roger Federer's 20th grand slam might be their easiest. A year ago Federer arrived at Melbourne no longer considered among the favorites for the first grand slam of the season....
Perhaps this year's best Valentine's Day gift comes from none other than A$AP Mob. Today, the collective dropped Cuffin Music, an hour-long mix of the best lovers' anthems in contemporary music. Cuffin Music doesn't focus on a specific era, so you're getting LL Cool J and Jennifer Lopez, Ja Rule, Jodeci, and Mary J. Blige, and much more in one sitting.
Real heads know this isn't the only R&B mix to come from the camp. If the hour isn't enough, there's still the Spread Those Cheeks Girl '90s mixes from the late A$AP Yams. Vols. 1, 2, and 3 are available for download, and Cuffin Music is streamable below.
Military exercise to bring aircraft, live fire to area Feb. 27- March 11
NWFDN
For the 10th year in a row the Emerald Coast will play host to Emerald Warrior, a joint military exercise that prepares war fighters for the modern world of combat.
Scheduled for Feb. 27 through March 11, Emerald Warrior 17 will give members of the Air Force Special Operations Command the opportunity to train with a wide array of military forces.
“We're expecting to have about the same number of participants as last year — roughly 1,500,” said Ciara Travis, a spokesperson for AFSOC, which will host the event. “We will have participants from at least three partner nations as well as from the Army, Air Force, and the conventional Marines.”
Travis said the exercise will allow participants to take part in “advanced tactical scenarios” and to strengthen their relationships with other forces and prepare them for future deployments. This year, the scenarios will include operations involving inserting and removing troops from combat situations, direct assaults, military freefall, live-fire events and Forward Area Refueling Points, where aircraft are fueled during combat.
“The intent of the exercise is to apply lessons learned from past and current operations,” Travis said.
In addition to the activities in Northwest Florida, Emerald Warrior-17 training will be conducted at Camp Shelby in Mississippi, Melrose Range in New Mexico and Fort Knox in Kentucky.
Residents may notice more aircraft overhead than usual during the two-week exercise, and might hear live munitions fire coming from Eglin Air Force Base's test ranges. Last year, the exercise involved the use of Seahawk and Apache helicopters, AC-130s, a KC-130, F-16s, T-45s and an unmanned MQ-9 Reaper.
“While there will be more aircraft in the skies, residents shouldn't notice any unusual military vehicles on our roads,” Travis said. “None of those vehicles will be used off-range.”
Legal analysis
The House Intelligence Committee on Friday made public a Republican memo that questions the issuance of a FISA warrant for surveillance of former Trump campaign aide Carter Page.
The main point of the memo is this: The public's faith in the FISA process, and the courts' protection of individual rights, "is necessarily dependent on the government's production to the (FISC) court of all material and relevant facts," including "information potentially favorable to the target of the FISA application that is known by the government." In the Carter Page case, the memo suggests that the FISA warrant application was improper because "material and relevant" information was omitted.
This thesis of the memo, compiled by House Intelligence Committee Chairman Rep. Devin Nunes, R-Calif., is an idealistic vision of the FISA process. It's just not legally accurate.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Cevallos: Nunes memo is 'just not legally accurate' 4:17 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
There is no requirement that the government include "all material and relevant facts" in a FISA warrant application. Nor is a warrant automatically invalidated if exculpatory or favorable information is omitted from an application.
To obtain a FISA warrant in the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Courts (FISC), the government must establish (among a list of other things in the statute) "probable cause" that (A) the target of the surveillance or search is an agent of a foreign power, and (B) the places to be surveilled or searched are used by an agent of a foreign power.
This "probable cause" standard is different — and lower — than the same standard in typical criminal cases. A criminal warrant application requires a probability that a person has committed a crime. FISA only asks if it's likely that a target such as Page is an "agent" of a foreign power.
The FISC process, like the one used to obtain the Page surveillance order, is both "in camera" (secret) and "ex-parte" (one-sided). The application is prepared by the Executive branch; the target or defendant has no say. Indeed, the target usually has no idea it's happening. In that sense, all the information that goes into a FISA application is "biased" — in favor of the Executive branch members making the application. It's designed that way by statute.
This raises a constitutional question: What if all the secret, unchallenged information that supported issuance of a FISA order was incomplete, biased or outright false?
It's not a hypothetical question. Federal courts have acknowledged that material misrepresentations frequently find their way into FISA applications. One federal appeals court recounted "the government's confession that 75 prior FISA applications related to major terrorist attacks directed against the United States contained misstatements and omissions of material facts (concerning such topics as whether the target of FISA surveillance was under criminal investigation, whether overlapping criminal and intelligence investigations were being appropriately compartmentalized in terms of information-sharing, and the prior relationship between the FBI and the FISA target)." That disclosure led the FISC to bar one FBI agent from ever appearing before the court again.
In Franks v. Delaware, the Supreme Court articulated a test for invalidating search warrants based on the veracity of the information used to obtain them. Although the regular criminal process is very different from the FISC process, a FISA order qualifies as a "warrant" for purposes of the Fourth Amendment, which means FISA applications are subject to "Franks" challenges.
It's heavy burden for a challenger in regular criminal court; in FISA court, the Franks burden is almost insurmountable. An Executive branch officer must have (1)(a) intentionally or recklessly included a false statement or (b) omitted material facts in the FISA application; and (2) that the misrepresentation was essential to the finding of probable cause. That means once the tainted information is excised, the remaining information in the application would have been insufficient to support the warrant.
The memo alleges the government omitted facts about Christopher Steele, a former British spy, and their anti-Trump dossier in the FISA applications for Page. Omissions in an application, without more, will not invalidate FISC orders.
In fact, omissions from a warrant application are less constitutionally problematic than affirmatively false statements. The omitted facts must be so significant that including them in the application would have defeated the probable cause determination. An omission that is just potentially relevant or favorable does not automatically invalidate the FISA order.
The memo alleges the Steele dossier was an "essential part" of the FISA application. That could satisfy the Franks requirement that it was necessary to the probable cause finding. But, to complete a Franks challenge, it would also have to be intentionally or recklessly false.
The fact that the dossier may have been biased is just not enough. In fact, biased information is a hallmark of warrant applications. Confidential informants are often biased against the target. They have to supply damaging information about the target in order to get favorable treatment in their own criminal cases.
A failure to disclose the backgrounds and biases of informants does not, by itself, establish a reckless disregard for the truth. In certain circumstances, however, an informant's overpowering bias can be too crucial to omit from the application.
The memo alleges that Steele was paid by several entities, including the FBI. It also alleges that the FISA application ignored or concealed Steele's anti-Trump financial motivations.
Paid informants are a common feature of government investigations; they are hardly grounds for invalidating a warrant. Omission of an informant's financial motive, or the even fact that they were paid, is not necessarily essential to the probable cause determination if the rest of the information is extensively corroborated. Without seeing the application, it's hard to say if it's "corroborated."
According to the memo, the Page FISA application cited extensively a Sept. 23, 2016, Yahoo News article by Michael Isikoff, which focused on the target's 2016 trip to Moscow. The memo alleges this article does not corroborate the Steele information, because the article is the product of information from Steele himself. Legally, this is only significant if both the article and the dossier are false, they were intentionally or recklessly included, and were necessary to a finding of probable cause.
The memo doesn't outright claim that the information gleaned from the Steele dossier is and was recklessly used. It comes very close, calling it "minimally corroborated" and "salacious and unverified." To attack a FISA order as unconstitutional under Franks, the information would have to be closer to "demonstrably false."
The memo also says that Deputy FBI Director McCabe's 2017 testified that no information would have been sought from the FISC without the Steele dossier information. The mere fact that the dossier might have initiated the government's curiosity about Page doesn't mean the FISA application itself was composed of recklessly false statements.
The government frequently starts with dubious information which can spark curiosity, or lead to an investigation, where that information itself would fall short of establishing probable cause. As long as the rest of the information in the application met the requirements of FISA, what originally interested investigators about the target won't matter legally.
Ultimately, it's possible that the Steele dossier information contained in the Page FISA application was completely false. If so, it's additionally possible that the government recklessly included the false statements in the application. Then, it's further possible that those falsities were essential to obtaining the FISA order.
If all that's true, the FISA order might have been constitutionally infirm. But this just isn't clear from the Nunes memo alone. We'd need to see the FISA application. And under FISA, that almost never happens.
Danny Cevallos is an MSNBC legal analyst. Follow @CevallosLaw on Twitter.
Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier is leaving President Trump's American Manufacturing Council, saying, "I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism."
The resignation came after Trump was criticized for their response to the violence at white supremacist events in Charlottesville, Va., over the weekend. The president, famous for their ability to be direct and forceful, was faulted for condemning violence "on many sides."
Within an hour of Merck announcing Frazier's withdrawal, Trump retorted on Twitter, "Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned ... they will have more time to lower ripoff drug prices!"
In a statement on their resignation, Frazier said, "America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal."
Frazier, who is African-American, said they were acting as both the CEO of Merck and "as a matter of personal conscience."
The rift did not seem to harm Merck's stock: The drug company's shares rose by nearly a full percentage point in the first hour of trading, to nearly $63.
Members of their own party have called on Trump to condemn Saturday's killing of a woman who had been protesting white supremacists as an act of domestic terrorism. The White House later stated that Trump was including "white supremacists, KKK Neo-Nazi and all extremist groups" in their remarks about the violence.
Frazier's departure is the latest high-profile exit from a White House advisory council since Trump took office in January.
After Trump announced in June that the U.S. would be leaving the Paris climate accord, both Tesla CEO Elon Musk and Disney CEO Bob Iger left their business advisory council.
Months earlier, in February, Uber co-founder Travis Kalanick left the same panel during the fallout from Trump's executive order that banned immigrants from seven Muslim countries.
"The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America," Kalanick said at the time.
Jim Taylor, center, poses with surviving members of the the 1970s Southern rock band Stillwater, following filming of a promotional video for the Hayneville JamFest on Saturday. Band members, from left, are Mike Causey, Al Scarborough, Sebie Lacey and Rob Walker. Special to The Telegraph
SAN FRANCISCO - DECEMBER 03: Waiter Alexander Alioto prepares to serve lunch to customers at Alioto's Seafood Restaurant December 3, 2008 in San Francisco, California. A report by The Institute for Supply Management says that its services sector index dropped in November to 37.3, down from 44.4 in October as the service industry struggles through the weak economy. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
Image caption The fire broke out in Donegall Avenue, south Belfast, on Wednesday evening
A woman in their 80s has died following a house fire in south Belfast.
The blaze at the house in Donegall Avenue was reported to police at about 17:45 BST on Wednesday.
A Northern Ireland Ambulance Service spokesperson said the woman was taken to hospital in a "serious condition".
PSNI chief insp Gavin Kirkpatrick said they died a short time later, adding: "An investigation into the cause of the fire, which is not believed to be suspicious, has now commenced."
More Videos
3:22 Don Mattingly talks about 6-1 loss to Mariners on Monday
1:19 Easter Mass at dawn
2:26 Miami Marlins' Giancarlo Stanton talks about the Marlins' 5-4 win over the Mets
4:43 UM coach Mark Richt on scrimmage
1:36 Tallest residence towers above Miami
2:37 Former Marlins pitcher Livan Hernandez
3:06 Marcell Ozuna postgame after Marlins win over Braves
8:33 Marlins president David Samson talks about potential sale of the team
2:58 Former Marlins catcher Charles Johnson on 20th anniversary of team's 1st World title
4:07 Will Jaromir Jagr return to the Florida Panthers?
2:19 Goran Dragic: "If somebody was watching the whole season, they … know we never quit."
#Lazy Nigerian who?
On Wednesday April 18, 2018, some thugs invaded the Senate Chambers in Abuja, seized its symbol of authority-the mace, and escaped from the National Assembly premises. I have visited the Senate on a few occasions and I have an idea of the level of security checks anyone would have to endure before entry and exit therefrom. The next day, the Nigerian Police returned the mace to the Senate claiming to have recovered it from a spot under a flyover close to the Abuja city gate! The Senate, its House of Representatives counterpart and the media all understood the gravity of what had just occurred!
THISDAY Newspapers titled its front page report on April 19, “Disbelief, Outrage over Theft of Mace, Attempted Coup in Senate” opening the report thus, “There was widespread disbelief and outrage in the country yesterday when thugs believed to have been led by Ovie Omo-Agege, the senator representing Delta Central Senatorial District in the Senate and a member of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) stormed the Senate and carted away its mace…”Omo-Agege is the “pro-Buhari Senator” who was suspended by their colleagues for the manner of their opposition to the National Assembly's attempt to change the sequence of elections in 2019, which the presidency opposes and vetoed. Many analysts discern a link between the election sequence matter and the attempt to intimidate and overawe the Senate, and truncate its proceedings! President Buhari is not known to have made any comment on the issue!
While Nigerians were trying to absorb the implications of this shocking development, the president who was away in London made comments same Wednesday which precipitated another huge controversy-Buhari said in relation to the country over which they preside, “…more than 60 percent of the population is below 30. A lot of them haven't been to school and they are claiming, you know, that Nigeria has been an oil-producing country and therefore they should sit down and do nothing, and get housing, healthcare, education free…” In response to Buhari's unfortunate remarks, twitter hashtags#LazyNigerianYouths and #LazyNigerianPresident emerged with young Nigerians rejecting the notion they are lazy, and affirming they were working hard against significant odds erected by Buhari and their generation of failed Nigerian leaders!
Some sycophants around the president and paid and unpaid hacks of the “Buhari Media Office” tried unsuccessfully to mitigate the damage-the English dictionary meanings of Buhari's words indeed translates to “lazy”…and worse-uneducated; idle and indolent; irresponsible and with an unrealistic and undeserved sense of entitlement. Our president was speaking on European soil where the average young person gets benefits far in excess of what any Nigerian youth could imagine, except those of Buhari's generation who got state sponsored education and jobs,and have lived on the Nigerian state since the early 1960s! My tweet of Friday April 20, 2018 was typical of the reaction, “Actually Buhari was describing himself-he didn't get a good education and has no certificate; he's lived on the Nigerian state all their life; they don't like work; and he's fixated on Nigeria's oil…”
In truth, Buhari has not presented evidence of completing secondary school-in all the elections they contested, including in 2015 they tendered affidavits to INEC and has declined to perform the simple task of providing their school certificate; since they joined the army in 1961, they have been a “ward” of the Nigerian state and served in multiple states as military governor, as Minister of Petroleum and Chairman of NNPC board under illegal military regimes; they were themselves an unconstitutional military head of state; they were Chairman of Petroleum Trust Fund (PTF) under the despotic and thieving dictator, Abacha; and is now back as civilian president. In their current position, they insisted on retaining the oil minister portfolio and installed their Chief of Staff as member of NNPC board! Buhari has a long and well-deserved reputation of abdicating administrative duties to other persons, whether as a military officer, politician or chief executive. That trait is also evident in their current tenure!
What should be really worrying to Nigerians and our foreign “partners” is not the answer Buhari gave, but the questions they were asked (!) which raise concerns around their faculties of comprehension, reason and lucidity – I have carefully reviewed the video and it is not clear how their comment related to questions centering on development of the North-East and the African Continental Free Trade Zone (FTZ). Some commentators have noted that perhaps it was the word “free” in FTZ that set our president off! However talking Nigeria down has been a perennial Buhari attitude since they took office and perhaps reveal their real bias and resentment of not just our enterprising and vocal youth, but indeed our educated, middle class, Westernized populace and our secular constitutional democracy. Having seemingly squandered goodwill of most youths, they may also have an incentive to discredit that constituency!
In any normal society, there would be no possibility of re-electing Buhari, but then Nigeria has strange politicians and a peculiar elite! I expressed my views in this regard on WhatsApp last weekend, “Any country in which its elites consider re-electing a president like Buhari just as thousands of citizens are murdered across the country with not a single person arrested; a president who cannot make an intelligent conversation on any policy or global issue with other global leaders; a president whose EFCC and DSS engage in open confrontation; a regime which crippled the economy and relies on cyclical movements in oil prices as its sole economic lever; a regime under which 10 million jobs are lost; and key accusations against top officials are treated with levity; just as the regime appears complicit in the invasion of its senate by thugs and seizure of mace…such a country is in serious trouble, that is if it isn't doomed. May God protect Nigeria from these type of elite who condone crass incompetence and even mass murder because of contracts, appointments or even possibility of appointments or contracts, or because someone is a fellow church member…God really has to save Nigeria!”
There certainly are some persons sitting idle and living off Nigeria's oil, and it's not our youth! I pray our elite,marginalized youth and suffering masses will rise up and rescue this troubled nation.
Listening to the North, again-2
Chido Nwakanma
The North is a significant part of Nigeria by every measure. It occupies the largest portion of the geographical space. Excluding the derivation revenues to certain states, states in Northern Nigeria combined get a sizeable share of federally distributable revenue. The North also accounts for a disproportionate share of the woes of Nigeria.
To hear the elite of the North say it, however, other parties, persons and forces are responsible for the problems of the region. They externalise and blame the other, rather than frontally tackle the issues that face them. Whether it is in fronting dubious scholarship such as the one by the fellow giving Bayero University a bad name or in casting aspersions, the elite of the North play the ostrich.
Yet because of the size and impact of the North, all of Nigeria must pay particular attention to this region. In the current political dispensation, the North holds all the levers of power, from executive through legislative to security. Northern Nigeria is the main theatre for the anomie in the land. The North deserves the concern and interest of all of us. We who must do what we can to prod, encourage, cajole if necessary, so the North can get its act together.
It is thus uplifting to read of positive action on the matter of drug addiction by the citizens and youth of Kano, as captured by the Non-Government Organisation Nigeria Health Watch. The Federation of Muslim Women Association of Nigeria (FOMWAN) and the Youth Awareness Forum Against Drug Addiction are doing a yeoman's job tackling the epidemic of drug abuse in Kano. They have received no help from the elite of the state or region in person or as organised entities such as State Governments and socio-cultural groups.
Kano is the epicentre of the youth drug abuse challenge in Nigeria. The youth of Kano abuse various substances in search of a high to enable them deal with the socio-economic challenges arising from the lack of opportunities. Kano used to be one of the major centres of industrial activity in Nigeria. The huge textile mills and several manufacturing firms are now hollowed out. Jobs are few, very few and declining in relation to the population.
The young of Kano abuse prescription and over-the-counter drugs. They drink codeine, Tramadol, Rohypnol and Lexotan. They sniff glue, gum and methylated spirits. They abuse various local substances, some that would make you cringe.
The Senate estimates that youth in Kano and Jigawa states consume three million bottles of codeine daily. It has also contributed policy direction in the fight with the passage of the Mental Health and Substance Abuse Bill. The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency reports that Kano has a high 37% drug abuse rate, the highest in the country. On its part, the Federal Ministry of Health has set up the Codeine Control and Other Related Matters Working Group.
FOMWAN has been in the communities for 11 years now fighting the scourge. Its approach involves engagement, encouragement, counselling and treatment. They avoid shaming but provide a welcoming environment so the young people learn to trust and then to drop the harmful habits. There are interesting narratives about some of the former addicts such as Bello Yunusa Adali who now leads an anti-drug abuse advocacy group in Kwannar Dala, Kano. Bello previously imbibed four bottles of codeine daily plus a cocktail of other drugs.
Abubakar Shuaibu Maitumaki formed the Youth Awareness Forum Against Drug Addiction in 2012. They bring lived experience to the task of weaning the young of Kano off the harmful medications.  They are doing their best in the fight, raising awareness and providing rehab services.
According to Nigeria Health Watch, “FOMWAN and YAFODA are two small organizations taking the fight against prescription substance abuse right into the heart of the most affected parts of Kano state using strong community-based approaches. The question arises therefore as to why their efforts haven't been heard by substance-abuse interveners and regulatory bodies especially outside Kano.
This may be due to the two groups' reluctance to have media engagements. In the case of FOMWAN, a track record of rehabilitated addicts has not been established. Funding is also a challenge that both groups are facing. Right now they tax themselves to provide the funds they need to rehabilitate drug abusers.
“Both groups however seem to have clear plans for the future; FOMWAN is in the process of establishing a standard counselling Centre in Kano in the second quarter of 2018 and YAFODA plans to expand their activities to the 19 northern states by the year 2020. Despite the challenges these two organizations face, they are providing effective local alternatives in the persistent fight against drug abuse in Nigeria through their community-focused approaches that identify, engage, counsel and rehabilitate those suffering from drug addiction.”
Efforts such as these by FOMWAN and YAFODA should get the support of the elite of the North, their state governments and the rest of Nigeria. These positive steps are miles removed from the baiting and xenophobic non-scholarship and other efforts at blaming others. Kudos to FOMWAN and YAFODA.
The post #Lazy Nigerian who? appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LYNN, Ind. – The Tri-Village baseball team got back on the winning track by sweeping Randolph Southern 15-8 and 17-6 on Saturday.
In game one Tri-Village took an 11-0 lead with four runs in the first inning, one in the second, two in the third and four in the fourth. After Randolph Southern scored four runs in the fifth inning, both teams added four more in the seventh.
Tri-Village had 19 hits and one error while Randolph Southern had six hits and three errors.
In the second game Tri-Village scored one run in the second inning and two in the third to lead 3-0 then Randolph Southern scored one in the bottom half of the third. Tri-Village scored 11 runs in the fourth inning and three in the fifth while Randolph Southern scored three in the fourth and two in the fifth in the five-inning run rule.
Tri-Village had 17 hits and two errors while Randolph Southern had 11 hits and five errors.
Camren Munchel won both games to improve to 3-0 on the year. They pitched seven innings, allowing four earned runs on 11 hits, four walks and nine strikeouts.
Christian Ricker went 6-for-8 in the two games with two doubles, a triple and four runs. Mason Sullenbarger was 6-for-7 with a double and two RBI. Jared Buckley was 4-for-9 with four runs and two RBI.
Luke Wheeler was 3-for-7 with a double and six RBI. Jackson Plush was 4-for-6 with a double and two RBI. Gage Hileman went 4-for-5 with a double and two RBI.
Tri-Village improved to 10-2 with the wins.
http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_Tri-Village-logo-WEB-12.jpg
By Kyle Shaner [email protected]
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
U.S. Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg received a lifetime achievement award Wednesday from a prominent Jewish organization in Israel.
Ginsburg cited Holocaust diarist Anne Frank among others in a speech at a ceremony in Tel Aviv that touched on their fight for women's rights and quoted from Jewish traditions and history.
Ginsburg, 85, has served on the Supreme Court since 1993. They were the second female justice and often cites their Jewish heritage as a source for their love of learning and sensitivity to the plight of oppressed minorities.
"When I became active in the movement to open doors to women, enabling them to enter occupations once closed to them — lawyering and judging, bartending, policing, and firefighting, for example — I was heartened by the words of a girl of my generation," Ginsburg said, referring to Anne Frank, who questioned gender inequality in their writings.
Ginsburg quoted from a statement they gave years ago when they were asked about how their Jewish heritage fits together with their occupation as a judge.
"I am a judge, born raised and proud of being a Jew. The demand for justice, for peace, for enlightenment runs through the entirety of Jewish history and Jewish tradition," they said. "I hope that in all the years I continue to have the good fortune to serving on the bench of the Supreme Court of the United States I will have the strength and courage to remain steadfast in service of that demand."
The Genesis Prize Foundation pointed to Ginsburg's "groundbreaking legal work in the field of civil liberties and women's rights" when it announced the winner in November. The foundation sponsors the annual Genesis Prize — an award informally known as the Jewish Nobel.
The prize recognizes Jewish achievement and contributions to humanity. Previous recipients include former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg, actor Michael Douglas, violinist Itzhak Perlman and sculptor Anish Kapoor.
Actress Natalie Portman snubbed the event earlier this year, saying they did not want their attendance to be seen as an endorsement of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
The Genesis Prize was inaugurated in 2014 and is run in partnership between the Israeli prime minister's office, the private Genesis Prize Foundation and the chairperson's office of the Jewish Agency, a nonprofit group with close ties to the Israeli government. It is funded by a $100 million endowment established by the foundation.
On Thursday, Ginsburg is set to attend a screening in Jerusalem of "RBG," a documentary about Ginsburg that adds to the cultural phenomenon created by the 2015 book, "Notorious RBG: The Life and Times of Ruth Bader Ginsburg." The film's story traces their legal work advancing rights for women leading up to their 1993 elevation to the top court, and their role as a justice since.
Image copyright Andrew Blandford
A lorry became wedged between houses on a narrow lane, damaging the properties and leaving the road blocked.
The driver of the seven-and-a-half tonne lorry said they got stuck in Nailsworth, Gloucestershire, after sat-nav directions led them down the unsuitable route.
The lorry was freed from Butcher Hill's Lane at about 15:00 BST - two hours after initially getting stuck.
The area remains cordoned off while the safety of the buildings is assessed.
Image copyright Andrew Blandford
It was eventually released after the driver deflated the tyres to allow the vehicle to lean and gain traction.
Duty Inspector Jay Tiernan said: "It has caused some structural damage to the property, the full extent of which we are unable to assess.
"Some masonry has been disturbed and tiling and guttering has been damaged.
"The road will remain closed for the time-being until we can assess how much damage has been done and to make sure the property is safe."
Image copyright Lorraine Merchant
Munster Director of Rugby Rassie Erasmus admits the memory of Anthony Foley will be amplified this week as they prepare for the Champions Cup clash with Racing 92 on Saturday.
Foley passed away prior to the initial date for the fixture aged just 42 after a decorated career with the province.
As Munster prepares to return to Paris, Erasmus admits it is difficult to prepare for the encounter.
“Last week was a five-day turnaround which was physically tough. This week, apart from playing three European games in three weeks, it is also as everybody knows, that Axel passed away when we were due to play there last time.
“That will definitely contribute to the whole thing. So far it is just trying to get through the week, train as hard as we can, as best we can and go and perform as well as we can, and channel that emotion in the right direction and for the right reasons.
“The players, senior players, management and supporters – all of us have to [remember him] – and I think that is great. We will keep trying to do it that way. We have internal things which we do in the team to remember them by, to play by and legend they are, to almost ratify that, and talk about that all the time. Internally they will always stay in our minds, but this week will be a bit amplified of course.”
Erasmus believes a performance inspired by Foley's influence at Munster will go a long way to helping secure a positive result as they reflected on the short time working with him.
“I'm almost sure if we play that way that sometimes it will give us the results because they were such a sharp man when it comes to rugby,” they concluded.
“Sometimes I think we didn't all understand what they were trying to say because they were really a forward-thinker.”
WASHINGTON — The Trump administration said Wednesday that it would allow nearly 7,000 Syrians to remain in the United States for another 18 months but won't let more Syrian citizens apply for the special protection program.
The decision was a partial relief for aid organizations and advocates for displaced Syrians who had feared President Donald Trump might end the program entirely, forcing those in the U.S. to leave or face deportation. Yet those same groups blasted the president for excluding more recent arrivals to the U.S., pointing out that Syria remains devoid of any notion of stability or normalcy.
Under a humanitarian program known as "Temporary Protected Status," thousands of Syrians have been allowed to avoid returning to their war-torn country of origin. The current program has been set to expire on March 31, forcing Trump to decide whether to extend.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed War drives Syrian families underground, but tragedy still strikes 1:26 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen said "ongoing armed conflict and extraordinary conditions" justified giving those in the program another year and a half to remain in the U.S.
"After carefully considering conditions on the ground, I have determined that it is necessary to extend," Neilsen said.
Related: Bombings traumatize Syrian children, drive families underground
Only those who have been in the United States since Aug. 1, 2016, are eligible for that extension, disqualifying newer arrivals. Still, Neilsen said those who came to the U.S. more recently "may be eligible to seek other forms of immigration relief."
Syria remains entangled in a bloody civil war with no signs of near-term resolution. Although the Islamic State group has been squeezed from almost all of its former territory, armed opposition groups continue to fight with each other, with Syrian President Bashar Assad's forces and with extremist groups that still pose a threat across Syria. U.S. military forces are active both on the ground and in the skies. In areas liberated from IS, the U.S. has said much work is needed to restore basic services like water, sewage and electricity.
"We made a commitment to offer safety to these people in a time of crisis," said Lia Lindsey of the aid group Oxfam. "Syria, without a doubt, continues to be unsafe and unstable."
A Syrian man carries an injured woman following reported bombardment by Syrian and Russian forces in the rebel-held town of Hamouria, in the Eastern Ghouta, on Jan. 6. Abdulmonam Eassa / AFP - Getty Images
Rep. Bill Pascrell, D-N.J., who had urged Trump to both extend the protections and let new arrivals apply, called the move a "missed opportunity." They added that the decision was "just another cruel way to leave people in need of assistance out in the cold."
The decision will be felt hardest in California, Michigan and Texas, top destinations for the roughly 86,000 Syrians living in the United States. It follows a contentious debate within the Trump administration about whether to cut off the program, with immigration hardliners in the White House urging a total halt to the program while the State Department and many lawmakers argued for continuing it.
Related: ISIS still has up to 10,000 loyalists in Syria and Iraq, experts warn
Yet Trump has expressed frustration with the fact that under previous administrations, the United States has let foreigners stay long past when the natural disasters or other emergencies that necessitated the special protections were resolved. Nielsen has emphasized the protections should be temporary, and Trump advocates resettling Syrian refugees closer to home.
Since taking office, Trump has cut off the special protections for citizens of several countries, including El Salvador, and Haiti after determining that once-perilous conditions no longer preclude citizens from going home.
The U.S. created Temporary Protected Status in 1990 to provide a safe haven from countries affected by earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, war and other disasters, and it currently shields several hundred thousand people from 10 countries.
Spagat reported from San Diego. Associated Press writer Jill Colvin in Washington contributed to this report.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
President Donald Trump's job approval is up to 43 percent in the latest NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll, but Republicans are seeing their 2018 prospects worsen. The poll shows people favor Democratic control of Congress by 10 points – 50 percent to 40 percent – up 6 points from last month, with the GOP losing support among key voter groups.
The numbers, combined with results in this week's special election in Pennsylvania's 18th congressional district, suggest a very rocky midterm season may await Republicans this fall.
Not all voter groups are the same. The GOP relies on big support from some segments of the electorate to push them over the top and this latest poll shows declines in support among them.
Among white voters, support for Republican control of Congress dipped 3 points to 47 percent. With suburban voters, the drop was a steeper 7 points to 43. Among white-collar workers, there was a 9-point slide, to 38 percent. There was a huge 13-point decline among 18- to 34-year-old voters to 29 percent. And, perhaps most troubling for Republicans, among voters in GOP-held districts, there was a 6-point drop in those favoring Republican control of Congress, to 46 percent.
Those changes look particularly concerning for Republicans when you compare them to results from past elections. In the 2014 midterms, for instance, Republicans won white voters by a large margin, 60 percent to 38 percent. And that year, the GOP won the vote out of the suburbs, 52 percent to 43 percent.
Of course, one poll does not mean anything for certain about the electorate this fall. November is still many months off. But this set of data carry a little more weight because it comes on the heels of Tuesday's special election in Pennsylvania's 18th congressional district. In that race, Democrat Conor Lamb pulled off a major upset in a district President Trump won by 20 points in 2016.
As we noted last week, there were demographic reasons for the GOP to be worried about the 18th. Those worries turned out to be warranted and these new poll numbers suggest those concerns could apply elsewhere.
There are 97 districts currently held by Republicans that Trump won by less than they won Pennsylvania 18, and many of them hold lots of voters that the latest poll indicates are problematic for the GOP.
Of those 97 districts, 96 are more diverse than Pennsylvania 18, 90 are younger on average and 44 are more suburban/urban. Add it all up and those numbers look especially troubling to the GOP in some of the nation's biggest metro areas.
On the danger list: Republican districts that were already seen as competitive in suburban/urban areas around Atlanta, Detroit, Cleveland, the Twin Cities, New York City, even Omaha, Nebraska. They are all places with voter populations that don't look very different from Pennsylvania 18, in greater Pittsburgh.
In essence, the Democrats' big upset in last week's special election might have felt like a shocker, but the numbers in the latest NBC/WSJ poll suggest Pennsylvania 18 may be less of an outlier than it is glimpse of the major challenges ahead for the GOP this fall.
(AP Photo/Mark Humphrey). Chicago Blackhawks center Artem Anisimov (15), of Russia, celebrates after teammate Patrick Kane scored against Nashville Predators goalie Pekka Rinne (35), of Finland, during the second period in Game 3 of a first-round NHL h...
(AP Photo/Mark Humphrey). Chicago Blackhawks right wing Marian Hossa (81), of Slovakia, passes the puck past Nashville Predators center Calle Jarnkrok (19), of Sweden, during the first period in Game 3 of a first-round NHL hockey playoff series, Monday...
(AP Photo/Mark Humphrey). Nashville Predators goalie Pekka Rinne, of Finland, makes a stop against the Chicago Blackhawks during the first period in Game 3 of a first-round NHL hockey playoff series, Monday, April 17, 2017, in Nashville, Tenn.
(AP Photo/Mark Humphrey). Chicago Blackhawks center Jonathan Toews yells after a collision during the third period in Game 3 of a first-round NHL hockey playoff series against the Nashville Predators Monday, April 17, 2017, in Nashville, Tenn.
(AP Photo/Mark Humphrey). Nashville Predators left wing Filip Forsberg (9), of Sweden, celebrates after scoring a goal against Chicago Blackhawks goalie Corey Crawford during the third period in Game 3 of a first-round NHL hockey playoff series Monday,...
By TERESA M. WALKERAP Sports Writer
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) - The Nashville Predators are at a point they've never been before in franchise history, and now they have a chance to keep their first-round series from going back to Chicago.
They can thank a 20-year-old playing the fourth postseason game of their career for putting them in that position.
Kevin Fiala scored on a backhander 16:44 into overtime , and the Predators rallied from a 2-0 deficit in the third period to push the Blackhawks to the brink of elimination with a 3-2 victory early Tuesday morning in Game 3 of the first-round series.
"That's good for him, a young kid in a big situation like that," Nashville coach Peter Laviolette said of Fiala scoring their second career playoff goal. "I thought they handled it well."
The Predators have never won the first three games of any playoff series, and they got here by outscoring the Western Conference's No. 1 seed 9-2. Even with the Blackhawks finally ending their scoring drought in this series, it wasn't enough as Filip Forsberg scored twice in the third period to force overtime.
"Obviously, we want to close it out at home, but we've got to focus just the same way we focused on this one and prepare the same," Nashville goaltender Pekka Rinne said.
Rinne made 34 saves, even with their franchise playoff scoreless streak ending early in the second period at 141 minutes, 5 seconds.
Game 4 is Thursday night in Nashville.
Dennis Rasmussen and Patrick Kane each scored the first goals this series for Chicago.
But the Blackhawks, winners of three Stanley Cup titles in the past seven years, now trail 0-3 for the first time since the 2011 quarterfinals as a No. 8 seed. They lost that series in seven games to Vancouver.
"That was a long time ago," Chicago coach Joel Quenneville said.
Asked if this group can bounce back, Quenneville had a short answer: "We're going to have to."
Chicago captain Jonathan Toews called it a very disappointing loss. Their personal goal drought is now 12 straight postseason games, though they did have an assist.
"We got to find a way to put pressure on them, got to make them realize that winning a fourth game is the toughest for any team in any series," Toews said.
Fiala finally converted on their third chance in overtime. Crawford got a glove on a puck nearly midway through the extra period off Fiala's shot from the high slot. Crawford also got their left toe on a shot from Fiala in the slot with 6:00 left.
Then James Neal found Fiala with a pass, and they beat Crawford to send fans home shortly after midnight local time.
"It was a great save by Crawford," Fiala said of the toe save by the Chicago goalie. "I was pretty angry, I could have finished it there, but never mind, we won."
The Predators brought out the star power with country singer Carrie Underwood, married to Nashville captain Mike Fisher, to sing the national anthem. Five catfish also were tossed onto the ice before the puck dropped and combined with a late start for a very loud standing-room only crowd of 17,204.
Nashville outshot Chicago 49-36.
Rinne's shutout streak ended when Rasmussen scored the first postseason goal of their career 65 seconds into the second period. They beat Rinne glove-side off an assist from Marcus Kruger. The goal also snapped a scoreless skid for Chicago that spanned 177:45 back to their first-round loss to St. Louis last postseason.
Then the Blackhawks quickly made it a 2-0 lead with a power-play goal by Kane. They scored the 50th postseason goal of their career with a wrister from the right circle at 11:15 of the second, taking advantage of Marcus Kruger standing in front of Rinne.
Forsberg started the rally. They scored on a wrister hitting the puck in the air past Crawford, who was caught having turned around in the crease, at 4:24. Blackhawks forward Richard Panik argued the puck went off the netting, but the play was called a good goal after a review.
"It went off the shoulder and then off the glass and then straight in, so I didn't really see why they were talking," Forsberg said.
Then Forsberg tied it up at 14:08 with a wrister off Ryan Ellis' shot from the point. Officials also reviewed for Arvidsson interfering with Crawford outside the crease before ruling another good goal.
"I don't know," Crawford said when asked about interference. "Game's over."
NOTES: This is Nashville's third straight overtime win at home in the playoffs. The Predators won Games 4 and 6 versus San Jose in the second round last year. ... Kane became the fourth Chicago player with 50 career goals, joining Bobby Hull, Denis Savard and Stan Mikita. This was Kane's 126th playoff game.
___
More AP NHL: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
WASHINGTON – A new report says the Brooklyn Bridge and Washington's Arlington Memorial Bridge are among thousands of spans considered structurally deficient.
Although the numbers of deficient bridges have declined in recent years, the American Road & Transportation Builders Association's analysis of transportation department data shows more than 55,000 bridges in the U.S. have been deemed deficient.
ARBTA says deficient bridges are crossed about 185 million times a day. The top 14 most-traveled deficient bridges are located in California.
Bridges labeled structurally deficient aren't necessarily in immediate danger of collapse. The term is applied when spans need rehabilitation or replacement because at least one major component has advanced deterioration or other problems.
Coachella 2017 is already filling us with style inspiration aplenty, and we cannot wait for more! Now that Coachella's first weekend is gone, we can have an all-round style roundup of its fashions, letting its festival vibes inspire us with new outfits, mixed and matched combinations and unconventional looks to wear all spring round (after all, spring is synonymous with the festival season!).
With all those it-girls, fashion bloggers and celebrities attending the festival, Coachella's street style is definitely a hotbed for fashion talents, and we are sure its first weekend's style roundup won't disappoint you for sure!
At Coachella We Bare the Shoulders!
We already knew it was one of the biggest trends of 2017, but we did not expect so many fashionistas to love off-the shoulder necklines! Whether it was a shirt, a blouse or a dress, the bared shoulders were a must-have during this very first weekend of Coachella 2017, and we basically fell in love with all those outfits that featured an off-the-shoulder neckline.
Airy Dresses for Hippie Souls
Although many argue with the fact that Coachella may or may not be described as a hippie-inspired festival, the hippie style influences are undeniable. This time around they mainly got translated to maxi, ultra airy dresses often paired with floral headpieces and flat sandals, and which gave Coachella its inevitable free-spirited attitude indeed.
Coachella's Sheer Mania
Speaking of the unexpected, on the other hand, Coachella's first weekend style roundup includes an incredible amount of sheer-patterned items, which included everything from shirts to blouses, gowns and even dresses. Like the spring 2017 fashions, at Coachella the various sheer motifs were often paired with cascades of ruffled cloths too, which ultimately gave the festival its most romantically Nineties-inspired vibes.
Cropped Lines Everywhere
Crop tops are a must-have everywhere, and we already knew it. At this Coachella edition, however, the cropped lines were taken to the next level, becoming even shorter on tops, and more geometrically cut on the trousers, the motifs of which helped reinforce the whole Nineties-inspired overall mode.
A Logoed Coachella
From Moschino's recent Candy Crash-inspired collection to the plethora of Louis Vuitton accessory items, Coachella's street-style was a festival for logos, which were proudly showcased in almost every outfit. It smelled like the early ‘00s!
Hats, Hats Everywhere!
Logoed items aside, this year's must-have item already appears to be the hat, especially when oversized, dark-toned and vaguely Cowgirl-approved. The it-girls who wore a hat during Coachella 2017, also sported it with almost anything from standard denim to macramé dresses in white, proving there's no wrong way to channel our favorite hat.
Thigh and High
Accessories were protagonists this year, as proven not only by the logoed backpacks and cowgirl hats, but also by the statement footwear items. Among the many cozy sneakers and fresh sandals, another style of shoes quickly became the festival's protagonist, and it was the high-high boot.
Often paired either with super short shorts or miniskirts, tight-high boots definitely refined many outfits with more glamorous touches, although probably not being the best idea when dancing in the middle of a desert.
Photos courtesy of Instagram
This weekend's white supremacist rally lifted the veil on what the face of racism really looks like, and this is perhaps why Republicans, including Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, were so quick to denounce it. We tend to think of racism as explicit acts of hatred, usually clothed in white robes or resembling the many convenient images we are inundated with in popular media of rednecks, hillbillies, or whatever stereotypes you can think of about poor whites in the Ozarks, Appalachian Mountains, or some impoverished Southern town.
White nationalists carry torches on the grounds of the University of Virginia on Friday. STRINGER / Reuters
To be sure, many of these areas are extremely hostile to minorities, or outsiders, but while there may be a culture manifested in isolation and poverty among poor whites, racist institutions cannot exist on their power alone. They have neither the money nor the means to fight for oppressive voter registration laws, gerrymandered voting districts, or corporate-friendly tax loopholes that enrich board members who in turn use that money to lobby Congress for even more corporate welfare.
Poor whites, no more than poor blacks or Latinos, are not more likely to find Iraq on a map than they are any number of countries in which we send our soldier youngsters to secure access to whatever resource Congress has deemed a national interest; sugar, bananas, oil, whatever.
Poor whites probably couldn't tell you that the United States spends almost as much money on military power than the rest of the world does combine. The words “United Fruit Company” are not likely to ring a bell, nor the name Mohammad Mosaddegh, a democratically elected leader in Iran whom our CIA helped to overthrow in order to ensure access to oil.
And yet, when we think of “white supremacy” we think of these poor whites. We do not think of our history and the fact that institutions like the police have been infiltrated by white supremacists; we still see how minorities are treated as the enemy. You are as likely to find illegal drugs in wealthy Scottsdale, Arizona or in a fraternity than you are to find it in Compton or East Los Angeles. And yet we see an armada of helicopters flying over the latter and not the former. Poor whites don't make that policy.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Gallego: Neo-Nazis have been 5:22 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
We do not think of Richard Spencer, the son of a doctor who attended some of the most prestigious schools in America; the University of Virginia, Duke University, and University of Chicago, where tuition, room and board is upwards of sixty-five thousand dollars a year. We do not think of President Trump's senior advisor Stephen Miller, who grew up in the prestigious Westside of Los Angeles and who attended Duke with Richard Spencer. We certainly don't think of Tucker Carlson, who also attended elite schools and is a favorite of the alt-right.
We do not think of Peter Cvjetanovic, a student at the University of Nevada, Reno, who is seen posing with Senator Dean Heller of Nevada. Peter Cvjetanovic's face went viral after last Friday's white supremacist rally, and if you look closely, you probably couldn't tell the difference demographically between their racist rally or a fraternity party.
Indeed, Cvjetanovic is our future loan officer, or firefighter. A supposed student of History, they may be our kids' high school teacher.
I don't know this person & condemn the outrageous racism, hatred and violence. It's unacceptable & shameful. No room for it in this country. https://t.co/6yQqKZRowb — Dean Heller (@SenDeanHeller) August 13, 2017
And this is perhaps why the GOP was so quick to condemn these people, not because of who they are, but because of what they reveal about us as a country. Their sin was not to be racist, but to be visible. Promoting obscure policies that have the effect of oppressing minorities is an acceptable American pastime, one can do so while still pretending to advocate for American principles, like liberty, equality, or fairness.
But the GOP's reaction to white supremacy is nothing but a shell game. They created Donald Trump with decades of vilifying immigrants, attacking the black community through coded language about "welfare queens" and being "tough on crime".
RELATED: Pence Defends Trump from Critics of Charlottesville Remarks
They indulged Trump's assault on President Obama's legitimacy as a citizen through their birther sham, a project they took up with Sheriff Arpaio, a convicted criminal who made a living off making life miserable for Latinos in Maricopa County. From anti-immigrant bills like Prop 187 in California to SB 1070 in Arizona, Republicans have led white supremacists to the promised land, a President who refuses to condemn them by name.
RELATED: Trump Kept 'Birther' Beliefs Long After Obama's Birth Certificate Was Released
President Trump ran on not being "politically correct" and vowed to proclaim "Islamic terrorism" by its name, yet they are a coward when asked to confront Nazis or Vladimir Putin. The GOP is led by this very small man. Tweeting their disapproval when a person was killed and dozens injured in a neo-Nazi rally is not nearly enough.
Writing the training manual for the police which allows them to shoot minorities and almost never face any consequences is racism. The GOP should address that. Who sits on these commissions is often an obscure mystery to poor white folks who could care less, but it matters greatly to the Richard Spencers and Stephen Millers.
Minorities are less likely to graduate from college, less likely to be approved for a loan, more likely to be pulled over by the police, more likely to be shot by the police, more likely to be convicted, they serve longer sentences, they have less access to health care, they have ten times less wealth than whites, and on and on and on.
If you don't stand with the white supremacists, stand for changing these facts.
Peter Cvjetanovic and their funny foreign-sounding name, which white supremacists of the past would not have distinguished from Nuño or Chen or Weinstein, is a misguided tool, but like the tools they marched with, they were certainly not oppressed and would not know oppression if they saw it. Indeed, they will be a part of our system of oppression before long, and had they not showed their face, their participation in our racist system would have gone largely unnoticed or unchallenged.
Racism is the laws, the institutions, and the policies which oppress minorities, women, and sexual minorities and gives privileged status to people like Tucker Carlson. They want to keep it that way, so they use their influence, education, and resources to buttress a system of rules that maintain their power. This weekend's rally finally put an accurate face on these institutions.
The question now is whether the GOP will be politically incorrect and call out our racist system.
I'm not holding my breath.
Follow NBC Latino on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Madam Secretary is back for a third run while Liam Neeson throws a few shapes in RTÉ One's midweek movie, A Walk Among the Tombstones.
Pick of the day
Madam Secretary, 10.00pm, Sky Living
Although it's on the lighter end of the spectrum, Madam Secretary is one of the many US TV shows with strong or empowered women at its core - raging from Jessica Jones to Scandal to How to Get Away with Murder - which have followed in the wake of The Good Wife.
Here, Tea Leoni stars as Elizabeth McCord, the eponymous Madam Secretary of State, and expert negotiator and diplomat. They seem to have an answer to every ill on the planet.
Morgan Freeman directs the season three premiere, which sees McCord pressure President Dalton to re-examine their approach to both climate change and their foreign spending.
Movie Choice of the day
A Walk Among the Tombstones, 9.35pm, RTÉ One
Liam Neeson stands out in this enjoyable if hardly groundbreaking pulp fiction about Matt Scudder (Neeson), a former cop with a fondness for booze and bullets, who tries to dry out and reinvent themselves as a private eye.
They reluctantly help out a heroin trafficker to find the men who kidnapped and murdered their wife, despite them paying the ransom fee they demanded. Expect plenty of violence from the start.
Soap Choice of the day
Coronation Street, 7.30pm, TV3
When Rosie overhears Brian complaining that someone dug over the allotments in the night, they realise with horror that it must have been Adam. Rosie confesses to Sophie how they told Adam about the drugs and suspects he's stolen them. Sophie listens in disbelief.
Later, Adam confides in Todd and suggests they set up in business together - how will Todd react? Adam also warns Rosie and Sophie that if anyone comes looking for the drugs, he'll pin the whole thing on them.
Want some more on soaps? Click here
Best On Demand/TV Catchup
No Offence, All 4
This one's pretty much off-radar here in Ireland, but Shameless creator Paul Abbott has hit the jackpot again with this hugely entertaining tale of (mostly female) cops and the murkier side of Manchester.
Season two comes to what promises to be a chaotic close tonight on Channel 4 as the team of almost-competent cops race to bring down the nasty criminal gang run by the ruthless Attahs.
If you haven't seen this award-winning show yet, check out Channel 4's All 4 for the whole lot. It's in a class of its own, with Joanna Scanlan excelling as Detective Inspector Viv Deering, and our own Elaine Cassidy as their sidekick sidekicks DC Dinah Kowalska.
Today's Guilty Pleasure
24: Legacy, 9.00pm, Fox
Will they ever give it a rest? After eight seasons of the original series, a television film, and 24: Live Another Day, here's a Jack Bauer-free 24 spin-offs. Is this what the world needs now?
Corey Hawkins as Eric Carter, an ex-Army Ranger who returns to America from a top secret assassination mission in Yemen and finds the lives of themselves and their team are in danger.
Determined to stop the terrorist attacks that seem imminent, they set off on a mission with a former director of the CTU to keep the world free. Or something.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption At least 58 people were killed and nearly 500 injured in Las Vegas on Sunday
Welsh soldiers caught up in the Las Vegas massacre have told how they ran into the danger zone to rescue victims.
Troopers James Astbury and Dean Priestley - members of 1st The Queen's Dragoon Guard - were at a restaurant when the shooting started.
A young girl and a woman who had been shot in the head were among several casualties the men assisted.
Their bravery was hailed by their commanding officer, who said their heroism should be recognised.
Trooper Astbury, from Ruthin, Denbighshire, and Trooper Priestley, from Kinmel Bay, Conwy county, were enjoying a night out with colleagues when gunman Stephen Paddock opened fire.
The 64-year-old killed 58 and wounded hundreds more at a country music festival from a suite in the Mandalay Bay hotel.
Image caption Trooper James Astbury, from Ruthin, ran to the help of shooting victims
The six off-duty soldiers immediately split up and headed "towards the chaos", 22-year-old Trooper Astbury said.
They added: "Two blokes carried a woman through and laid them on the floor asking for help, so I ran over and held their hand and asked them 'What's wrong?'.
"She had got shot in the face, hitting them in the cheek, and another one in the top of their thigh.
"She had a t-shirt round their leg but they were just holding it there, so I tied it round their leg at the bullet wound to try and stop it bleeding, and told them it would be alright and I got them out to an ambulance.
"It was chaos. There were bodies on the path. They were covering them. Then I ran back in to see who else needed help."
Image caption Trooper Dean Priestley and soldier colleagues were praised for their "huge bravery"
Trooper Priestley, 28, said they tended to an injured girl with wounds to their arm and a woman who had a gash on their head after being trampled in the rush to escape shots fired by the gunman, 64-year-old Stephen Paddock.
Paddock, 64, killed 58 and wounded hundreds more when they opened fire from a suite in the Mandalay Bay hotel down on a country music festival below.
The soldiers' commanding officer, Lt Col Justin Stenhouse, said they were "immensely proud" of their men, who were in Las Vegas for a break following a training exercise with US troops in the Californian desert.
Col Stenhouse said: "These young men showed huge bravery in horrific circumstances. Even in combat on the battlefield you often do not see casualties on this scale.
"They kept cool heads and thought quickly and their personal sacrifices helped countless others. I will be very proud if their bravery is recognised officially."
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
WASHINGTON — Republicans on Capitol Hill mostly steered clear of lecturing the president Monday after a weekend where their tweets attacking special counsel Robert Mueller's probe and celebrating the firing of FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe.
Instead, they insisted that President Donald Trump, no matter how much they rant, would not take the dramatic step of ordering Mueller to be fired.
Democrats are calling for legislation to protect the investigation, either as a standalone bill or as part of the must-pass government spending bill that is expected to come before the Congress before the end of the week.
But Republicans, while they don't think that Mueller should be fired, have backed off earlier calls to legislate limits to the president's ability to oust the special counsel.
A man who was seen throwing an object which caught fire at a a takeaway restaurant in Fife is being sought by police.
The incident happened between 00:10 and 00:25 on Friday 18 May on Queensferry Road in Rosyth.
The object almost immediately extinguished, and caused only minor damage to the shop front.
The man is in their late teen or early 20s. They were wearing a dark hooded top and riding on a silver or grey bike.
Police Scotland are appealing for witnesses.
Sgt Neil McGurk said: "Thankfully, this object did not result in the building catching fire, or we would have a far more serious incident to investigate.
"We are, however, treating this matter very seriously and would urge anyone who remembers seeing any suspicious activity around the takeway during the early hours of Friday 18th May to contact police immediately.
"In addition, anyone with information that can help us identify the culprit should also get in touch."
MOGADISHU, Somalia: Gunmen posing as military forces were holding an unknown number of hostages inside a popular restaurant in Somalia's capital in an attack that began when a car bomb exploded at the gate, police and a witness said Wednesday night, while the extremist group Al-Shabab claimed responsibility. Police said at least 14 people, including foreigners, were dead.
Two of the gunmen were shot dead and 10 hostages were rescued but five other attackers were thought to remain inside, cutting off electricity to complicate security forces' efforts to end the siege, Capt. Mohamed Hussein said. They said heavy gunfire was heard.
Police said at least 14 people, including a Syrian man, had been killed and several others wounded. Most of the victims were young men who had been entering the Pizza House when the vehicle exploded, Hussein said.
The gunmen “were dressed in military uniforms. They forced those fleeing the site to go inside” the restaurant, witness Nur Yasin told The Associated Press.
The blast largely destroyed the restaurant's facade and sparked a fire. While Al-Shabab claimed to have attacked the neighboring Posh Treats restaurant, which is frequented by the city's elite and was damaged in the blast, security officials said the Pizza House was targeted instead.
Security forces rescued Asian, Ethiopian, Kenyan and other workers at Posh Treats as the attack continued, Hussein said.
The Somalia-based Al-Shabab often targets high-profile areas of Mogadishu, including hotels, military checkpoints and areas near the presidential palace. It has vowed to step up attacks after the recently elected government launched a new military offensive against it.
Al-Shabab last year became the deadliest Islamic extremist group in Africa, with more than 4,200 people killed in 2016, according to the Washington-based Africa Center for Strategic Studies.
The extremist group also faces a new military push from the United States after President Donald Trump approved expanded operations, including airstrikes, against Al-Shabab. On Sunday, the US military in Africa said it carried out an airstrike in southern Somalia that killed eight Islamic extremists at a rebel command and logistics camp.
Somalia President Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed confirmed that airstrike and said such attacks would disrupt the group's ability to conduct new attacks.
With a new federal government established, pressure is growing on Somalia's military to assume full responsibility for the country's security. The 22,000-strong African Union multinational force, AMISOM, which has been supporting the fragile central government, plans to start withdrawing in 2018 and leave by the end of 2020.
Also Wednesday, the UN Security Council unanimously adopted a resolution extending the UN political mission in the Horn of Africa nation, which is trying to rebuild after more than two decades as a failed state, until March 31, 2018. The resolution recognized that “this is a critical moment for Somalia.”
___
Associated Press writer Edith M. Lederer at the United Nations contributed.
Ceridwen Centre is a welcoming holiday, training and retreat centre on an Organic farm in West Wales. Experience fabulous sunsets, abundant wildlife and return home feeling revived and relaxed.
To celebrate Welsh stories and myths and the heroes who have enriched our cultural landscape, 2017 has been designated the ‘Year of Legends' for Wales. These myths and folktales became the inspiration for a new Channel 4 competition. Hosted by Visit Wales, sponsored by Epic Retreats and Cambria Tours, the objective was a simple one; to choose eight designed structures which would form a boutique ‘pop up' hotel representing Welsh legends, history, and heritage.
The eight finalists are being featured on ‘Cabins in the Wild' on Channel 4 on Sunday nights at 8p.m., a four-part series which began on May 21st. Two of the ‘cabins', the Dragon's Eye and the Welsh Hat, were designed and skilfully made in Wales.
The Welsh Hat – an entry inspired by Jemima Fawr (Jemima the Great), (who single-handedly rounded up twelve invading French soldiers back in 1797 in Pembrokeshire) – was beautifully designed by Niall Maxwell's Rural Office for Architecture, based near Newcastle Emlyn, with much of the build taking place at Ceridwen Centre – skilfully constructed by local craftsman, Brynmor Dafys with assistance from both Ceridwen Centre and Niall's team.
Elements brought in from outside were the steel fabrication, from Capel Iwan, the canvas making from specialists in Cardiff and the wool supplied by the National Wool Museum in Drefach-Felindre.
The Welsh Hat is now in situ in the Snowdonia countryside, embraced by its surroundings.
We are thrilled to have had a part in ‘her' creation and were delighted that they won their heat and is now in the final four.
If you wish to find out more about the competition, visit: http://www.visitwales.com/legends/epic-retreats
For more information about Ceridwen please visit: ceridwencentre.co.uk
By Scott T. Sterling
With the band's third album, What If Nothing, on the horizon, Ohio rock band Walk the Moon has opened up about the process behind its creation.
Related: Walk The Moon Debut ‘One Foot' Video
“The approach was just making noise, getting back to our roots of being a rock & roll band and just playing our instruments and letting the sound bounce off the walls,” singer Nicholas Petricca explained to Rolling Stone
“Sonically, we're reaching for taller, wider, and more vast, more epic sounds,” they said. “But the lyrics are kind of the opposite. They're much more personal and are very close to the heart, very raw.”
Despite the “chaos” that went into the new full-length, including the band canceling a tour last summer when Petricca's father fell ill, the singer is pleased with how What If Nothing ultimately turned out.
“There's this feeling where everything is like a bad haircut, and everything feels unfinished,” they revealed. “That moment of getting the record beyond the point of discomfort, until the record is to the point of, ‘Oh. What a relief. This feels amazing,' is a major lesson in trust – you really are just faced with having to trust yourself and your collaborators and the producer that this deformed laboratory monster is going to, eventually, grow wings and become something really beautiful.”
Mumbai Indians equalled their lowest IPL total as they collapsed to a 31-run defeat at the hands of Sunrisers Hyderabad on Tuesday.
The Indians came into the fixture with only one victory from five matches and the Sunrisers' modest total of 118 offered hope that they could claim a much-needed win.
However, that figure became the second lowest total ever to be defended in the competition as the Indians' chase lacked bite, the hosts posting just 87.
With the exception of Suryakumar Yadav (34) and Krunal Pandya (24), no Indians batsman reached double figures, Siddarth Kaul feasting on that lacklustre display with three wickets for 23 runs.
Sunrisers' batting display had not been too much better, captain Kane Williamson and Yusuf Pathan top-scoring with 29 apiece.
But they will be happy to collect two points that pull them level with second-placed Chennai Super Kings, while the Indians remain locked with Delhi Daredevils at the bottom.
INDIANS' LOWEST TOTAL
For a spell, the Indians looked likely to set a new marker for their lowest total in the competition.
When Kaul took the wickets of Mitchell McClenaghan and Mayank Markande in the 16th over, leaving the Indians 80-8, the history books appeared set for a rewrite.
Jasprit Bumrah and Mustafizur Rahman did manage to haul the side level with their previous worst, but this result will come as a huge knock to a side already severely lacking in confidence.
TRIPLE SKITTLE
Another rarity for the IPL was also achieved on Tuesday, as all 20 wickets fell in one match for only the third time in the competition's history.
Sunrisers' innings was cut eight balls short, while the Indians' unsuccessful chase lasted only one delivery longer.
The two previous instances occurred in a 2010 clash between Rajasthan Royals and Deccan Chargers, and a Kolkata Knight Riders versus Royal Challengers Bangalore clashes in 2017.
Video
Wandsworth has been a Conservative-run council since 1978.
But as the London elections draw closer, experts warn there is a real chance of Wandsworth Council switching hands to Labour.
We spoke to local residents to get their views on pressing issues in the borough ahead of polling day on 3 May.
INDIANAPOLIS — The long relationship between USA Gymnastics and the Karolyi Ranch is over. The organization announced Thursday it has terminated its agreement to have the ranch outside of Huntsville,...
The Bedford County Sheriff's Office says a Nelson County motorcyclist led them on a high-speed chase overnight that covered almost 90 miles after starting in Forest and ending about 70 minutes later in Bedford. 29-year-old Matthew Waltz of Roseland faces multiple charges including improper registration and driving without a license. Their passenger, 29-year-old Alisha Carroll of Forest is charged with resisting arrest.
News release: At approximately 1:10 a.m. this morning a Bedford County Sheriff's deputy observed a motorcycle with two occupants traveling south on 221 at high rate of speed. The motorcycle did not stop at the red light at the intersection of Perrowville Road. The deputy activated their emergency equipment and attempted to stop the motorcycle. The motorcycle attempted to flee through Bedford County and even entered Lynchburg City at one point. The motorcycle crashed on Greenwood Street in the Town of Bedford at 2:20 a.m. and the driver and female passenger fled on foot. Both were apprehended after a short search of the area. Speeds during the pursuit exceeded 90 miles an hour and covered 89 miles in length. Both subjects were transported to Bedford Memorial Hospital and were released after being medically cleared.
The driver was identified as Matthew A. Waltz, age 29, of Roseland. They were arrested and charged with felony elude police, driving suspended, no motorcycle license, improper registration of the motorcycle, no insurance, disregarding traffic signals and resisting arrest. The passenger was identified as Alisha B. Carroll, age 29, of Forest. They were arrested and charged with resisting arrest.
The Bedford County Sheriff's Office was assisted in the pursuit by the Virginia State Police and Bedford Police Department.
Theodore S. Thompson
1954-2017
Ridgeway, MO., Theodore Shawn Thompson, 62 formerly of Inverness, Fl., died Saturday February 11, 2017 at the home of their daughter, Beth.
Survivors: Daughters: Stephanie (Justin) Neumann, Sarah (Jason) Nutter, Elizabeth (Ray) Lanning; Father: Leslie O. Thompson; Brother: Leslie V. Thompson, Sisters: Dawn Livingston, Susie (Kenneth) Paramore; 7 granddaughters.
Cremation has been provided by Bethany Memorial Chapel. Private family services. Tributes may be left at www.bethanymemorialchapel.com.
USA figure skater Nathan Chen explains how there's more important aspects to the Olympic Games than just winning medals.
WATCH MORE: From death threats to autographs - speed skater Christie's turnaround
Watch live coverage of the Winter Olympics across BBC TV, website, app and Red Button services.
FILE - In this Thursday, Feb. 23, 2017, file photo, President Donald Trump, left, speaks during a meeting with manufacturing executives at the White House in Washington, including Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier, center, and Ford CEO Mark Fields. Frazier is resigning from the President's American Manufacturing Council citing "a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism." Frazier's resignation comes shortly after a violent confrontation between white supremacists and protesters in Charlottesville, Va. Trump is being criticized for not explicitly condemning the white nationalists who marched in Charlottesville. Evan Vucci, File AP Photo
FLOWERY BRANCH, Ga. — Matt Ryan barked out a play, took the snap and zipped a pass to the receiver who played their college ball at Alabama.
Nope, it wasn't Julio Jones.
He's sitting out the team's voluntary off-season program. So it was Calvin Ridley — a first-round draft pick from the Crimson Tide — who got a chance to shine during a 90-minute practice Wednesday.
But, for a team with Super Bowl aspirations, it was impossible to ignore the absence of No. 11.
So, where's Julio?
The Falcons say it's no big deal, even as they talk constantly about the importance building camaraderie and trust in each other during the voluntary off-season workouts, a big part of coach Dan Quinn's much-ballyhooed “Brotherhood .”
Jones said their absence has nothing to do with any hard feelings toward the only team he's played with in the NFL, but he's vague about their reasons for staying away and it seems fairly obvious that he's trying to send a message about their desire for a new contract.
While Jones still has three seasons remaining on the last deal they signed — a five-year, $71.3 million extension with $47 million in guaranteed money — their average salary is now less than at least a half-dozen receivers around the league. Most tellingly, recent deals with Tampa Bay's Mike Evans and Cleveland's Jarvis Landry seemed to set a whole new financial bar for the NFL's top pass catchers, a list that certainly includes Jones.
In addition, they surely took note when the Falcons made quarterback Matt Ryan the league's NFL's first $100 million man , agreeing to a new deal that assures the quarterback of at least that much in guaranteed money and could average out to as much as $30 million annually over five seasons.
Rarely flustered, Ryan got a bit testy when asked about missing out on a chance to work with their favourite receiver during OTAs.
“We'll have our chances to work together,” the QB said. “I'm not going to go into it more than that. It's not really anybody else's business.”
Jones has gone silent on social media and hasn't spoken in months to the Atlanta media, but they did provide some reassuring words to Falcons fans when the gossip site TMZ caught up with them last weekend as they were leaving a swanky restaurant in West Hollywood .
“Everyone wants a story right now. There's no story to be told,” Jones insisted. “I'm just working on getting myself better. I'm just working on myself right now. That's all that is. There's no bad blood between me and the team or anything like that.”
Jones insisted that they plan to remain with the Falcons for the rest of their career, echoing a sentiment expressed by owner Arthur Blank.
“Everybody on the outside (is) trying to look in and trying to destroy what we built there,” Jones said. “I'm not going anywhere. I'll be there. I love the team. I love the organization. I love everybody there. I'm good.”
Still, Jones' decision to skip OTAs has been a major topic of conversation around Atlanta, with fans and sports talk radio weighing in almost daily on their future with a team that reached the Super Bowl during the 2016 season and the second round of the playoffs last season.
Everyone can rest easy, Quinn insisted.
Jones has assured their coach that he'll be at the team's mandatory minicamp, which is scheduled for June 12-14.
“The guys who are really close to him, obviously they keep up,” Quinn said outside the locker room after practice. “It's not like they don't hang out and talk on the phone and do stuff together. They may not be spending the amount of time here, in the building, that they normally do. But that doesn't mean they don't spend time away from here. So, no issues on our end.
“I know he's working really hard. I've had contact with him, obviously. We can't wait to get them back, here, with the guys. But he's really putting good work in. I think we'll see the results of that work, hopefully soon.”
The 29-year-old Jones is a huge weapon in the Falcons' offence , using their rare combination of speed, size and power to shake off constant double-teams. Last season, they had 88 catches for 1,444 yards — their fourth straight season with at least 80 receptions and 1,400 receiving yards. In 2015, they had one of the greatest seasons ever by an NFL receiver — 136 catches (tied for the second most in league history behind Marvin Harrison's 143) and 1,871 yards (surpassed only by Calvin Johnson's record of 1,954) .
Ryan certainly recognizes the bond they have with their favourite receiver.
They've been together since 2011. They won't be any trouble getting back in sync, Ryan said confidently.
As soon as Jones shows up, that is.
“No concern,” Ryan said. “He's always been extremely well prepared coming into seasons, going into games. Talk about being on the same page: we've played together for a long time. When he's healthy and they feel good , like they do right now … it's very easy to get on the same page. He's so talented. So, we're fine.”
——
Follow Paul Newberry on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/pnewberry1963 . Their work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/paul%20newberry
——
For more AP NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
​Despite telling cops that they came to New York from Baltimore specifically to target and kill a random black man, white supremacist James Harris Jackson ​pleaded ​not guilty to murder charges Wednesday for carrying through with the plan.
​At their arraign​ment in Manhattan court for fatally stabbing ​Tim Caughman​, the Maryland racist pleaded “not guilty” ​i​n a loud, defiant voice​ ​to charges of first-degree murder, second-degree murder as a crime of terrorism, second-degree murder as a hate crime and other raps.
Jackson, 28, was assigned court-appointed lawyer Patrick Brackley after their privately retained attorney, Sanford Talkin, withdrew from the case.
Talkin told Justice Charles Solomon that the defendant's parents would no longer fund their defense.
The Army veteran allegedly traveled to the Big Apple from Baltimore to kill black people, hoping a media storm would ensue after their crimes.
The proud racist spotted can-and-bottle recycler Tim Caughman hunched over a garbage can on Ninth Avenue near W. 36th St. March 20, cops said.
They pulled out a 26-inch sword and stabbed Caughman repeatedly, according to the complaint.
Caughman, 66, hobbled to the nearest precinct and was transported by ambulance to Bellevue Hospital where they died.
Two days later, Jackson turned themselves in.
They told investigators that they “regarded the killing as practice prior to going to Times Square to kill additional black men,” court papers allege. They were particularly “angered by black men mixing with white women,” the papers say.
Caughman was a lifelong New Yorker and an avid autograph collector.
LARAMIE, Wyo. (June 12, 2017) – Current Cowgirl basketball player Tijana Raca recently competed for the Cyprus National Team at the 2017 Games of the Small Countries of Europe. The event was held at the Multieventi Sport Domus in the country of San Marino.
The Games of the Small States of Europe is a multi-sport event which was launched by the Republic of San Marino in 1985, and organized by the National Olympic Committees of nine European small states. The games are held from the end of May to the beginning of June and feature competitions in 13 sporting disciplines.
The team played over a three-day stretch with competitions against Malta, Luxembourg and Iceland. Raca played in all three games and averaged 6.3 points and 4.3 rebounds in 23.7 minutes per contest. They had nine points and four rebounds in the 59-47 loss against Luxembourg. Against Malta, they finished with five points and four rebounds as a starter while adding five points and five rebounds against Iceland.
A junior from Pylea Thessaloniki, Greece, Raca has played in 24 games over their career with the Cowgirls, averaging almost one point and one rebound per contest.
DC lawmaker blames Jews for bad weather A DC lawmaker blamed a late-winter snowfall on a family of Jewish bankers — accusing them of controlling the climate and orchestrating natural disasters. Council member Trayon White Sr. apologized...
French far-right party severs all ties with Marine Le Pen PARIS — France's far-right National Front definitively severed its ties to firebrand founder Jean-Marie Le Pen on Sunday, as the nationalist party completes a makeover designed to revive its fortunes...
Look who admires notorious anti-Semite Louis Farrakhan ‘Time's up,” the slogan of the Hollywood anti-harassment movement, has a very different meaning for Louis Farrakhan. At their annual Savior's Day conference in Chicago last weekend, the Nation of...
Amber Tamblyn under fire for blasting Hasidic Jews on Twitter "This is not the first time a man from the Hasidic community in NYC has attempted to harm me or other women I know," the actor tweeted.
InfoWars is a den of racism and harassment: ex-staffers Former staffers at controversial conspiracy theory website InfoWars claim founder Alex Jones laughed as they endured frequent racist harassment and once groped a female employee, according to a new report....
Accused Florida shooter allegedly etched swastikas into rifle magazines Florida school shooting suspect Nikolas Cruz reportedly etched swastikas onto the rifle magazines they were using during their alleged killing spree. The 19-year-old brought over 300 rounds of ammunition into...
Ex reported bomb-threatening journalist for revenge porn A Brooklyn woman whose journalist ex-boyfriend called in bomb threats in their name as part of a twisted plot had reported them for revenge porn and other harassment almost two...
Anti-Semitic incidents soared in NYC last year Anti-Semitic incidents in New York soared 90 percent last year compared to 2016, according to new data released Tuesday. Nationwide, the religious hate crimes jumped 57 percent — the largest...
Russia reportedly bought thousands of politically charged Facebook ads The more than 3,000 Russian-bought ads that Facebook will hand over to Congress sought to stir up trouble in the Black Lives Matter movement and Hillary Clinton's campaign, a new...
Bankers, media experts join forces at annual Cannes Lions The annual Cannes Lions ad festival and conference kicked off this weekend, bringing a host of bankers and media business folks to the Côte d'Azur — and perhaps pre-empting the...
Native ads take a huge hit in 2016 Some sobering news from the native advertising front, which many legacy publishers are looking to as a digital life raft. Native ad renewal rates for 2016 were only 33 percent,...
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Jesse Duplantis said the jet would not be for their personal use, but instead "belong to the ministry"
A US televangelist has asked their followers to help fund their fourth private jet - because Jesus "wouldn't be riding a donkey".
Jesse Duplantis said God had told them to buy a Falcoln 7X for $54m (£41m).
They added they were hesitant about the purchase at first, but said God had told him: "I didn't ask you to pay for it. I asked you to believe for it."
Although preachers owning private jets is not unusual, this particular appeal has caused controversy.
Twitter users responded to the request with disbelief, with many quoting Bible verses warning against greed and "false prophets", or suggesting that the money could be better used to help the poor.
In a video address posted on their website, 68-year-old Mr Duplantis explained: "You know, I've owned three different jets in my life, and I've used them and just burning them up for the Lord Jesus Christ.
"Now, some people believe that preachers shouldn't have jets. I really believe that preachers ought to go on every available voice, every available outlet, to get this Gospel preached to the world."
Standing beside framed pictures of their current fleet, they said that the jet they bought 12 years ago was no longer sufficient for their ministry because they could not fly non-stop, meaning they had to pay "exorbitant" refuelling costs.
Another picture which appeared in the video showed the preacher standing with the three aircraft, above the caption: "It's not about possessions, it's about priorities."
Mr Duplantis justified the request by saying that Jesus had told people to "go into the world and preach the Gospel to every creature, now how we gonna do that? I can't live long enough to travel by car or by ship or by train, but I can do it by an aeroplane".
In 2015, Mr Duplantis appeared in a video with another preacher, Kenneth Copeland, in which Mr Copeland described travelling on commercial airlines as being "in a long tube with a bunch of demons".
Barack Obama defended their administration Tuesday against charges from President Trump that it did not do enough to secure the release of an American student jailed in North Korea.
“During the course of the Obama administration, we had no higher priority than securing the release of Americans detained overseas,” Obama spokesperson Ned Price said in a statement, according to Deadline.com.
see also Father of comatose student freed by North Korea slams Obama The father of the American student left comatose after 18...
“Their tireless efforts resulted in the release of at least 10 Americans from North Korean custody during the course of the Obama administration,” they added.
“It is painful that Mr. (Otto) Warmbier was not among them but our efforts on their behalf never ceased, even in the waning days of the administration,” said Price, who was Obama's National Security Council spokesperson.
Trump on Tuesday called the death of the 22-year-old Warmbier — who was returned comatose to the US last week after 18 months in captivity — a “total disgrace.”
The president took aim at Obama for not gaining the release of the University of Virginia student.
“It should never, ever be allowed to happen. And frankly, if they were brought home sooner, I think the results would have been a lot different,” Trump told reporters at the White House.
Warmbier's father, Fred, has praised Trump for helping secure their son's release.
Asked a few days ago whether they felt the Obama administration had not done enough to help their family, Warmbier said, “I think the results speak for themselves,” the Washington Post reported.
US
OJB Jezreel – Gone But Never Forgotten!
Today marks the one year anniversary since singer-songwriter and record producer Babatunde Okungbowa, popularly known by their stage name OJB Jezreel or OJB passed away of kidney disease. Our thoughts and prayers remain with their family and friends. May their soul continue to rest in perfect peace.
The post OJB Jezreel – Gone But Never Forgotten! appeared first on BellaNaija.
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Image copyright Isle of Wight Studio School Image caption The school said it was "not financially viable"
A studio school preparing pupils for careers in marine manufacturing and renewable energy is set to close after just five years.
Isle of Wight Studio School said it had too few pupils, in common with other studio schools around the country.
The first UK studio schools opened in 2010, combining academic studies with work-based training.
The Department for Education said the school was only 40% full and should close in August 2019.
It said parents would be consulted about the closure until 16 May, before a final decision is made.
Image copyright Isle of Wight Studio School Image caption The sixth form was closed last year because of "insufficient demand"
The school opened in East Cowes in 2014 with a planned capacity of 300 pupils, aged 14 to 19.
It closed its sixth form last year because of "insufficient demand".
The remaining 120 pupils are being allowed to finish their GCSE courses.
Inspire Academy Trust, which runs the school, said it was not "financially viable long-term in its current form".
Head teacher Richard White said the sixth form had never been "fully utilised" because many students left at the age of 16.
Finance officer Richard Bryant said: "Student recruitment is a problem which has affected many studio schools across the country."
'Happy school'
East Cowes councillor Karl Love urged parents to resist the closure.
They posted on social media: "The school is not closing because of its performance... it's clearly a happy school."
Previously the government said the school would work closely with local employers such as the Navitus Bay offshore wind farm and oil pollution firm Vikoma.
Navitus Bay was refused permission by the government in 2015.
Yankees and Dellin Betances blow a game that was in the bag BALTIMORE — There are losses. There are bad losses. Then there is what happened to the Yankees on Tuesday night at Camden Yards. One out away from beating the Orioles,...
A guide to the fantasy baseball aces hiding on the waiver wire Finding an ace on the waiver wire at this point in the season would be like winning a free trip around the world after winning Mega Millions and later finding...
How it feels to be metaphorically punched in face by Yankees The Orioles didn't seem upset they won't be back in The Bronx until the middle of September. Actually, they couldn't wait to leave Yankee Stadium on Sunday afternoon. “Let's get...
Curt Schilling does exactly what Adam Jones said they would Adam Jones said Curt Schilling could keep their ignorant rants. Of course, that didn't stop him. Jones, the Orioles outfielder and one of the most prominent black players in the...
Why it's nearly impossible to keep banned fans out of Fenway Last week, Baltimore Orioles outfielder Adam Jones blasted the concept of stadium bans, referring to such suspensions as a “slap on the wrist” following the team's May 1 game against...
Yankees stud prospect: I thought I had left this racism behind “Honestly I couldn't believe it,” began Justus Sheffield, before correcting himself. “I could believe it, but then I couldn't.” The hard-throwing prospect, whom the Yankees received from Cleveland in last year's...
MLB reviews security at all parks after Fenway racial slurs BOSTON — Major League Baseball is reviewing its security protocols in all 30 stadiums after Orioles outfielder Adam Jones complained of fans shouting racial slurs in Boston this week and...
How the Red Sox found and banned their 'first' racist fan BOSTON — The Boston Red Sox on Wednesday permanently banned a man from Fenway Park who they said used a racial slur, a separate confrontation from the insults directed at...
Is this the strange final blow in the latest Red Sox-Orioles war? The potential last straw in the Rex Sox-Orioles revenge game might have been an accident, just like the way it started. Orioles starter Kevin Gausman was ejected immediately after hitting...
Buhari needs to prove they are not dead – Former British lawmaker, Eric Joyce explodes again
Daily Post Nigeria
A British politician and former military officer, Eric Stuart Joyce, has again stirred up controversy over the health of President Muhammadu Buhari. Joyce, who insisted that Buhari is dead , has now challenged the Nigerian President to prove otherwise.
and more »
Two-time Champions League winner Xabi Alonso believes Real Madrid will enjoy the chance to take on Paris Saint-Germain in a blockbuster last-16 tie.
The reigning champions were drawn against Neymar's men on Monday after their second-placed finish in Group H denied them a seeded berth.
Madrid comfortably accounted for Borussia Dortmund and APOEL home and away, but managed only a point from their two meetings with Tottenham.
And despite them sitting fourth in LaLiga – eight points off leaders Barcelona – former Los Blancos favourite Alonso insists their old club will not take a backward step.
"Madrid like big challenges and they got just that. It will be a wonderful challenge against Paris," Alonso told UEFA.com.
"It is one of those games that you really like, and that those who go to the Bernabeu like to see.
"It is tough to say who might be favourites, even though that means nothing at the end of the day. I am backing Madrid."
Emilio Butragueno, another ex-Madrid star and the club's current director of institutional relations, described PSG as having the potential to go all the way.
"This game could well have been the final such is the power of both sides," said the former Spain striker.
"A draw at this stage is like that, though, and one of the two sides will be knocked out.
"Paris are getting stronger year on year. They played an impeccable group stage and have huge potential."
New research shows that Apple CarPlay and Android Auto are less distracting for drivers than generic infotainment systems, but there's still room for improvement. WFIR's Ian Price has details:
07-04 Infotainment WEB-WRAP
Los Angeles Angels' Andrelton Simmons points upward after hitting a two-run home run during the seventh inning of the team's baseball game against the New York Yankees, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. Jae C. Hong AP Photo
Marvel Studios star Samuel L Jackson seems pretty peeved that they aren't invited to appear in 2018's ‘Black Panther'.
‘The Hitman's Bodyguard' star told us Nick Fury won't be in ‘Avengers 3', ‘Avengers 4', or ‘Black Panther', but it's their character's omission from the Africa-set Marvel adventure that seems to have annoyed them the most.
“I wasn't in the ‘superhero argument' movie [‘Captain America: Civil War'], I'm not in ‘Avengers 3 and 4'. They're shooting them now, and they haven't called me yet,” Jackson tells Yahoo Movies.
“They wouldn't let me go to ‘Black Panther'-ville, so it's kinda like how you gonna make a black Marvel movie and not let Nick Fury show up in it?!”
Editor's note: Our interview above was filmed before Nick Fury's involvement in 2019's ‘Captain Marvel' had been confirmed by Marvel Studios' Kevin Feige.
Nick Fury in 2012's ‘Marvel's Avengers Assemble' (Disney/Marvel Studios) More
‘Black Panther' is the first solo outing for Chadwick Boseman's Marvel hero who was introduced in ‘The Superhero Argument Movie'… sorry, ‘Captain America: Civil War'.
The bulk of ‘Black Panther', which comes to cinemas February 2018, takes place in the fictional African country of Wakanda and features a majority African or African-American cast.
In the MCU, Nick Fury has been in hiding since ‘Captain America: The Winter Soldier' and they briefly resurfaced in ‘Avengers: Age of Ultron'. If Jackson is to be believed, the next time their character will appear in the MCU is in 2019's 1990s-set ‘Captain Marvel', which will act as a prequel to the main MCU-narrative (excluding ‘The First Avenger').
Samuel L Jackson and Ryan Reynolds in ‘The Hitman's Bodyguard' (Lionsgate) More
It was recently revealed that Samuel L Jackson had been dethroned as the highest-grossing actor of all time by none other than Marvel legend Stan Lee, thanks to their numerous superhero cameos, but Jackson says they don't count.
“How does Stan get into the conversation?” they asked us.
“Stan can't be in the conversation. It's just me and Harrison Ford. Stan's not in the conversation. I'm not buying that! I'll accept Harrison, but I won't accept Stan.”
Samuel L Jackson plays the titular hitman in this week's new action-comedy ‘The Hitman's Bodyguard', in cinemas 18 August.
Watch a trailer for ‘The Hitman's Bodyguard' below…
Read more
Actors who hated making Marvel movies
The weirdest ever Marvel characters
The most insane Marvel movie ever made
Ivana Trump, the first wife of President Donald Trump and the mother of their three eldest children, is still close to their ex. Despite their tabloid-chronicled split, the pair still talk on a weekly basis, they said in a new interview, and they even offered them an ambassadorship to the Czech Republic, their native country — but they turned them down.
Why not take the high-profile diplomatic post? Ivana Trump, they of the perma-blonde updo and dramatic fashion sense, is too busy being fabulous, apparently.
“Why would I go and say bye-bye to Miami in the winter, bye-bye to Saint-Tropez in the summer, and bye-bye to spring and fall in New York?” they said in an interview with CBS Sunday Morning to air this weekend, a preview of which was posted on Thursday. “I have a perfect life.”
Why indeed? Ivana Trump's enviable life has recently included taking in New York Fashion Week shows and posing for photographers with celebrity pals.
And if you wish POTUS would keep their Twitter habit in check, don't look to Ivana Trump for help. The 68-year-old author, business executive, and former model says they encourage it. Among the topics on which President Trump seeks their counsel, they said, is whether they should keep tweeting. “I tell him, ‘you should tweet,'” they said in the interview.
 They are promoting their upcoming memoir Raising Trump about parenting the Trump kids, Donald Jr., and Eric, who run the family biz while dad's a bit busy, and Ivanka Trump, who joined their father in the White House as a top adviser.
Image copyright Empics Image caption Serena Williams won their 23rd Grand Slam at the 2018 French Open
Serena Williams had every reason to feel like a "superhero" on Tuesday.
Wearing a black catsuit, which made them feel like "a queen from Wakanda", the 23-time major winner won their first Grand Slam match since giving birth.
"I always wanted to be a superhero, and it's kind of my way of being a superhero," they said.
Not even the 25C weather (nor the fact she'd given birth just nine months prior) were enough to stop them win.
So if Serena truly is a real-life superhero, what are their most impressive superpowers?
Invincibility
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Serena Williams holds the trophy at Wimbledon 2016
It's hard to deny that an athlete who's won 23 Grand Slam titles is pretty much invincible.
Serena has been ranked world number one eight times by the Women's Tennis Association and named Laureus Sportswoman of the Year four times.
Perhaps the best example of their invincibility is in their longstanding rivalry with Maria Sharapova.
Serena has beaten the Russian tennis player 16 times in a row since 2004.
Resilience
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Serena has faced racism and sexism in the industry
Serena Williams has experienced both racism and sexism in their career.
In 2017, former professional tennis player Ilie Nastase was heard making a derogatory comment about Serena's unborn child, asking: "Let's see what colour it has. Chocolate with milk?"
In the same year, retired tennis player John McEnroe said Serena was "the best female player ever", but argued "if they played the men's circuit, she'd be like 700 in the world".
Shortly after they tweeted that while they "adores and respects" him, they should "keep me out of your statements that are not factually based".
Skip Twitter post by @serenawilliams Dear John, I adore and respect you but please please keep me out of your statements that are not factually based. — Serena Williams (@serenawilliams) June 26, 2017 Report
Omnipresence (she's everywhere)
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Serena greets George Clooney at the royal wedding
As one of the few celebrities to attend the royal wedding as a close friend of the Duchess of Sussex, Serena seems to be everywhere and know almost everyone.
At their own wedding last year, celebrity guests included Beyonce, Jay-Z, Ciara and Kim Kardashian.
Serena even appeared in the music video for Beyonce's Sorry in 2016 and recently launched their own clothing line.
Super Strength
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Serena with husband Alexis Ohanian
When Serena posted a picture on Snapchat revealing a pregnancy bump with the caption "20 weeks" (and then swiftly deleted it), many were left in shock.
It didn't take long for fans to work out that she'd been eight weeks pregnant at the end of January, which meant they won the Australian Open for the seventh time while expecting a baby.
"If anything, this pregnancy has given me a new power," they told Vogue magazine during an interview with just a month to go.
After their win at the French Open yesterday, they tweeted a picture of them at the tournament with the caption: "For all the moms out there who had a tough recovery from pregnancy - here you go."
"If I can do it, so can you."
Follow Newsbeat on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter.
Listen to Newsbeat live at 12:45 and 17:45 every weekday on BBC Radio 1 and 1Xtra - if you miss us you can listen back here.
Video
The story of two male penguins, who fell in love at Central Park Zoo and went on to foster a baby penguin, made headlines in New York in the 2000s.
Now, it has inspired a theatre and dance production by the Birmingham Repertory Theatre, which is aimed at young children.
Video journalist: Alex Stanger Producer: Claudia Redmond
A Scottish man has been charged with purposely infecting four men with HIV and trying to pass the virus to six more from October 2015 to December 2016. Creative Commons
Ben Simmons gets flirty with singer on Instagram They shoot, they score? After singer Tinashe shared a bedroom snap Monday on Instagram, captioning the sultry shot, “Where's bae,” social media spies were quick to point out 76ers forward...
The real LeBron game started once they finished playing 76ers The game on the court was fascinating. The one on Instagram was better. After the 76ers beat the Cavaliers 108-97 in Cleveland on Thursday, the winks and nods and Instagram...
The 'f—king' shocking and quieter NBA All-Stars snubs Put aside your trade rumors and Cavaliers drama for a moment. On Tuesday night, the NBA announced the All-Star reserves for the league's marquee event in Los Angeles on Feb....
The other unicorn steals Knicks' Christmas in bad omen This was no Merry Kristaps for the Knicks. In fact, Monday's holiday could foreshadow something grim — as it did a year ago. Knicks center Enes Kanter was sensational with...
How Ben Simmons and Joel Embiid can ruin Knicks' holiday Ben Simmons and Joel Embiid have played just 86 combined games, but the Knicks have seen enough of the young 76ers duo to know Monday's matchup won't be easy. On...
Why this can be a throwback Christmas for Knicks fans Look, it's probably unfair to Christmas to point out that the Knicks have been brutal for a while whenever they've been scheduled to play on Dec. 25. They've lost, a...
Adam Silver bet right on Knicks' Christmas showdown To further Stan Van Gundy's wild conspiracy theory that the NBA gave the Knicks a break with their early-season schedule, perhaps commissioner Adam Silver wanted to ensure a Merry Kristaps....
The 76ers rise belongs to their secret star Even perceived afterthoughts are starting to reap rewards in The Process. Robert Covington was a cheap versatile forward who signed for pennies during former GM Sam Hinkie's reign in 2014....
Joel Embiid and the 76ers' Process have arrived — and it's glorious LOS ANGELES — In a matchup of teams with rising young stars, Joel Embiid stood out above the rest. The 7-foot center scored a career-high 46 points — the most...
LISBON, Portugal (AP) — Portugal's government has proved its critics wrong, slashing the debt-heavy country's budget deficit to its lowest level in more than 40 years despite warnings that its anti-austerity policies could spell financial disaster.
Finance Minister Mario Centeno said Wednesday the deficit last year was no higher than 2.1 percent – well within the 2.5 percent ceiling stipulated by European authorities.
Some other eurozone countries expressed alarm when the center-left Socialist government, with the support of the Communist Party and Left Bloc, took power in 2015 on an anti-austerity platform.
Portugal needed a 78-billion euro ($82 billion) bailout in 2011, after recording a deficit of more than 11 percent the previous year, and eurozone officials feared it could go into another debt spiral under the Socialists.
The fourth explosion in less than three weeks in Austin, Texas, appears to be the work of a serial bomber, officials said Monday.
Authorities warned that the devices appear to be getting more sophisticated and asked residents of one neighborhood to stay indoors until 2 p.m. local time (3 p.m. ET) Monday.
"We are clearly dealing with a serial bomber," Austin Police Chief Brian Manley said, adding that they were unable to answer questions from reporters about whether the incidents should be considered domestic terrorism. "We will have to determine if we see a specific ideology behind this."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Austin explosions: 'Serial bomber' hunted after tripwire sets off 4th blast 1:50 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The latest blast occurred Sunday just after 8:30 p.m. local time (9:30 p.m. ET), when two bicyclists received non-life-threatening injuries after apparently setting off a tripwire in the southwest of the city. The previous three recent explosions had instead been left at people's houses.
The FBI has sent 350 special agents to the Texas capital as well as extra bomb squads.
"With this tripwire, this changes things," said Christopher Combs, special agent in charge of the FBI's San Antonio division. "It's more sophisticated, it's not targeted to individuals ... a child could be walking down a sidewalk and hit something."
The two latest victims, white men ages 22 and 23, set off the bomb that had been left next to a fence and were recovering in the hospital with "significant injuries," Manley said.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Austin police chief: We are dealing with a 'serial bomber' 1:23 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Overnight, authorities warned that they didn't want residents in the Travis Country neighborhood to leave their homes until 10 a.m. local time to give teams a chance to secure the scene in daylight. Manley later extended that until 2 p.m. citing "an overabundance of caution as we process the scene."
Manley also asked the community to contact authorities if anything looked suspicious or out of place, and cautioned against approaching suspicious items, including boxes and bags.
The unsolved package bombings earlier this month killed two and injured two others. Officials are examining whether the packages have been specifically meant to target minorities: Stephen House, 39, was killed on the morning of March 2, and Draylen Mason, 17, died on the morning of March 12. Both were black members of the same church, Nelson Linder, the local NAACP chapter president, told NBC News last week.
Draylen Mason, center, died in one of the Austin bombing incidents. via Facebook
Mason's 41-year-old mother was also critically injured in the explosion.
Then, just before noon on March 12, a third bombing critically injured a 75-year-old Hispanic woman, Esperanza Herrera.
Linder, of the NAACP, added that someone connected to the House or Mason families was the intended target in the third explosion, although they declined to provide additional details.
Asked Sunday whether the bombings were racially motivated, Manley said it was possible.
Police believe the two earlier bombings were "meant to send a message," though Manley didn't say what that message was during a news conference earlier Sunday.
The fourth explosion came just hours after officials made a direct appeal to the person responsible to contact them.
“ They learn as they go.”
In that news conference, Manley said that they hoped the bomber was watching and would "reach out to us before anyone else is injured or killed." They reiterated that later Monday morning.
The plea came as local and federal authorities increased the reward for information leading to a conviction to $100,000, Manley said. Texas Gov. Greg Abbott was also offering $15,000.
"We don't have any evidence," Manley said earlier. "What we know for certain is: We have three victims that are victims of color, and we have three package bombs that have exploded on the east side of Austin," where many of the city's minority residents live.
The two victims of the latest blast were both white.
NBC News analyst and former FBI profiler Clint Van Zandt said it's common for methods to "evolve" during such a case.
"This is something we see with serial offenders, serial killers, serial bombers, serial arsonists. Unfortunately they learn as they go," Van Zandt said. "And they're wondering what police know so they can change."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Analyzing the Austin 'serial bombing' case 5:48 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Brian Jenkins, an analyst with Rand Corp. who has studied bombings, said in an interview that Manley's invitation to contact authorities could prove fruitful.
They pointed to the Unabomber, Theodore Kaczynski, who killed three people and injured nearly two dozen more during a bombing campaign that lasted two decades, and their "desire to communicate, to have some kind of pronouncement or manifesto."
"He made the offer that he'd suspend their campaign if their manifesto was published," Jenkins said. "The publication of that ultimately led to them being identified."
Such bombings aren't easy to solve without communication — or without more "events" to provide more clues, Jenkins said.
"This isn't like a convenience store holdup," they said.
"This requires reconnaissance," Jenkins added. "This requires target selection. They have to think about building a device that works. They have to build that device. They have to think about delivering that device in a way that enables them to conceal their identity."
CORRECTION (March 18, 2018, 4:27 p.m. ET): An earlier version of this article misstated the area where residents were told to stay inside. It was Travis Country, a subdivision of a neighborhood in Austin, not Travis County.
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
11:06 Cooper on HB2: 'Today, the legislature had the chance to do the right thing for NC and they failed'
4:57 HB2 repeal deal - what happened?
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
HILTON HEAD ISLAND, S.C. — How did the alligator cross the road? With some help from police officers in South Carolina.
Beaufort County deputies helped direct traffic Friday after the 8-foot (2.5-meter) alligator was seen walking around construction equipment and rubble piles near a road project on Hilton Head Island.
The scene attracted a large number of bystanders and video was posted on several social media sites.
Sheriff's spokesperson Capt. Bob Bromage told The Island Packet of Hilton Head that deputies routed traffic around the gator and protected bystanders for about an hour.
The alligator took its time, resting for several minutes on the warm pavement before finally crossing the road into woods near a pond.
No one was hurt.
——
Information from: The Island Packet, http://www.islandpacket.com
Residents are being urged to avoid Wigan's A&E department unless it is an emergency or serious illness.
The department is under “immense pressure” and people who attend and are not deemed to be seriously ill could face a wait of up to six hours to be seen, according to a Wrightington, Wigan and Leigh NHS Foundation Trust spokesperson.
The trust is asking residents to choose well and seek alternative health care providers for non-emergency injuries and illnesses.
Alternative providers include:
Extended GP service - You can also book an appointment to see a GP or Nurse until 8pm weekdays and between 10am and 4pm at the weekend. Registered Wigan Borough patients can call 01942 482848 and book an appointment thorough this service.
Out of hours GP service - If you need non-emergency medical help outside of your GP opening hours, please contact the Out-of-Hours service on 01942 829911.
Walk-in Centre - For treatment of cuts, bruises, minor infections, stomach upsets, strains and skin complaints, without an appointment. Leigh Health Centre, The Avenue, Leigh, WN7 1HR. Tel 01942 483453.
Pharmacists are experts in providing medical information and advice, including coughs, colds, wheezing and minor ailments. You can just drop in to see your pharmacist and many have private consultation areas. They can also advise on any over the counter remedies available and, if you need specialist medical advice, can point you in the right direction.
The NHS 111 service for non-emergency medical help. It is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week, and is staffed by fully trained advisors and experienced clinicians.
For serious medical emergencies, such as chest pain, stroke, severe abdominal pain, severe bleeding, severe breathing difficulties, major broken bones and serious head injuries, go to the emergency department or dial 999.
Giancarlo Stanton is expected to meet the media on Monday for the first time as a member of the Yankees. Here are some questions they should prepare for:
1. How open are you to being used as a DH?
In their 986 career games, only 13 have come as a DH. And with Aaron Judge in right, Stanton will surely see time at DH.
2. Why didn't you want to go to San Francisco or St. Louis?
The Giants and Cardinals reportedly had deals for the slugger, but they invoked their no-trade clause.
3. How did you think the Marlins handled the situation?
Derek Jeter admitted last month they hadn't talked with Stanton since buying the team.
4. What is it going to be like going from the Marlins to the Yankees?
Well, here's the real softball for Stanton to slam.
5. Are you aware of how much will be expected of you as a Yankee?
They were on the front and back pages of Sunday's Post, to go with more than a dozen stories related to the deal.
Rivals released its newest iteration of the 2019 Rivals150 Tuesday, ahead of the Nike EYBL Peach Jam and Under Armour Circuit's second-to-last events in Atlanta next week. There hasn't been much mo...
An Ohio Congressman was at the baseball field when a gunman opened fire during a Republican Congressional baseball practice in Alexandria, Va. Wednesday morning.
An Ohio Congressman was at the baseball field when a gunman opened fire during a Republican Congressional baseball practice in Alexandria, Va. Wednesday morning.
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise was among the victims of gunfire Wednesday at a baseball field in Alexandria, VA. GOP lawmakers and staff were practicing for a charity baseball game.
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise was among the victims of gunfire Wednesday at a baseball field in Alexandria, VA. GOP lawmakers and staff were practicing for a charity baseball game.
President Donald Trump says they and the vice president are "deeply saddened" by news of a shooting "tragedy" at a congressional baseball game.
President Donald Trump says they and the vice president are "deeply saddened" by news of a shooting "tragedy" at a congressional baseball game.
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon). In this May 17, 2017 photo, Majority Whip Rep. Steve Scalise, R-La., speaks with the media on Capitol Hill in Washington.
By ERICA WERNER and CHAD DAYAssociated Press
ALEXANDRIA, Va. (AP) - A rifle-wielding attacker opened fire on Republican lawmakers as they practiced for a charity baseball game Wednesday, critically wounding House GOP Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana and hitting aides and Capitol police as members of congress and others dove for cover. The assailant, who had nursed grievances against President Donald Trump and the GOP, fought a running gun battle with police before he, too, was shot and later died.
Colleagues said Scalise had been fielding balls at second base at a local park in Alexandria, just across the Potomac River from the nation's capital, as the Republicans practiced for their annual game with Democrats. They dragged themselves away from the infield leaving a trail of blood before fellow lawmakers could rush to their assistance. They were listed in critical condition, but their office said that before they underwent surgery for a wound in their hip they were in good spirits and spoke with their wife by telephone.
The shooter was identified as James T. Hodgkinson, a 66-year-old home inspector from Illinois who had several minor run-ins with the law in recent years and belonged to a Facebook group called "Terminate the Republican Party." They had been living out of their van in the Alexandria area in recent months, the FBI said.
Capitol Police officers who were in Scalise's security detail wounded the shooter. They later died of their injuries, Trump told the nation from the White House.
"Everyone on that field is a public servant," Trump said, their tone somber, America's acrimonious politics set aside for the moment. "Their sacrifice makes democracy possible."
Lawmakers noted their good fortune in having armed protectors on hand - "Thank God," they exclaimed over and over - and said otherwise the shooter would have been able to take a huge deadly toll.
The events left the capital horrified and stunned, and prompted immediate reflection on the current hostility and vitriol in American politics. Lawmakers called for a new dialogue on lowering the partisan temperature, and Trump urged Americans to come together as they assumed the role of national unifier for one of the first times in their presidency.
Proceedings were canceled for the day in the House, and instead Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin and Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi of California issued their own calls for unity. "An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us," Ryan said, to prolonged applause.
Shortly after the shooting, Bernie Sanders, the former candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination, said on the Senate floor that the shooter apparently was a volunteer for their campaign last year. Sanders said they denounced the violence "in the strongest possible terms."
Scalise, 51, the No. 3 House Republican leader, was first elected in 2008. The popular and gregarious lawmaker is known for their love of baseball and handed out commemorative bats when they secured the job of House whip several years ago.
Texas Rep. Roger Williams said that one of their aides, Zack Barth, was shot but was doing well and expected to fully recover. Two Capitol Police officers sustained relatively minor injuries. A former congressional aide was hospitalized.
The shooting occurred at a popular park and baseball complex where Republican lawmakers and others were gathered for a morning practice about 7 a.m. They were in good spirits despite the heat and humidity as they prepared for the annual congressional baseball match that pits Republicans against Democrats. The popular annual face-off, which raises money for charity, is scheduled for Thursday evening at Nationals Park across the Potomac River in Washington, and will go forward as planned.
Hodgkinson has been in the area since March, living out of their van, said Washington FBI Special Agent In Charge Tim Slater. Democratic former Alexandria Mayor Bill Euille said they had spoken often with the man on recent mornings at the nearby YMCA.
Hodgkinson's apparent Facebook page included strong criticism of Republicans and the Trump administration. But Slater said authorities were still working to determine a motive and had no indication Hodgkinson knew about the baseball practice ahead of time.
The GOP lawmakers' team was taking batting practice when gunshots rang out and chaos erupted.
After Scalise was hit, said Rep. Mo Brooks, an Alabama Republican, the member of congress "crawled into the outfield, leaving a trail of blood."
"We started giving them the liquids, I put pressure on their wound in their hip," Brooks said.
The gunman had a rifle and "a lot of ammo," said Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona, who was at the practice.
Texas Rep. Joe Barton, still in their baseball uniform, told reporters that Scalise's security detail, Capitol Hill police and then Alexandria police returned fire in a battle that lasted as long as 10 minutes and included dozens of shots.
"The security detail saved a lot of lives," they said. "It was scary."
Lawmakers took cover in the dugout. Barton said their son, Jack, got under an SUV.
Texas Rep. Mike Conaway described what sounded like an explosion, then lawmakers scattering off the field as police roamed in search of the gunman and engaged him.
"The guy's down to a handgun, they dropped their rifle, they shoot him, I go over there, they put them in handcuffs," Conaway said, adding that if the shooter had "gotten inside the fence, where a bunch of guys is holed up in the dugout, it would have been like shooting fish in a barrel."
Rep. Jeff Duncan of South Carolina said they had just left the practice and encountered the apparent gunman in the parking lot before the shooting. The man calmly asked which party's lawmakers were practicing and Duncan told them they were the Republicans. The man thanked him.
The wounded Capitol Police officers were identified as David Bailey, who was treated for a minor injury, and Crystal Griner, who was shot in the ankle. Also wounded was former congressional aide Matt Mika, who now works for Tyson Foods in its Washington office. Mika's family said the lobbyist was shot multiple times and was in critical condition following surgery.
The event raised questions about the security of members of Congress. While the top lawmakers, including Scalise, have security details, others do not and regularly appear in public without protection. The last time a lawmaker was shot was when Democratic Rep. Gabby Giffords of Arizona was hit in the head and grievously injured while meeting with constituents at a supermarket parking lot in 2011.
Following the Giffords shooting, lawmakers have held fewer open town halls and have been advised to increase security at such events.
___
Associated Press reporters Eric Tucker, Matt Barakat, Meghan Hoyer, Sarah Brumfield, Michael Biesecker, Mary Clare Jalonick, Ken Thomas, Vivian Salama, Stephen Ohlemacher, Alan Fram and Andrew Taylor in Washington and Alexandria and Ed White in Detroit contributed to this report.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
1:16 Mercer engineering students create cool rides for kids with limited mobility
2:12 Eastman's tribute to Officer Tim Smith
1:17 Americus police shooting victims were 'very close friends'
Cavaliers run at Peoria Invite
PEORIA (Oct. 5, 2017) – The competition was fierce at Peoria Saturday as the Carlinville Cavaliers participated in a big cross country meet hosted by Peoria High School.
The Cavaliers finished 16th in the Class 1A/2A portion of the boys race with 465 points. Normal University took the team win with 87 points.
Jason Landon finished 40th overall for Carlinville in a time of 16:02.70.
Charles Helton IV was 43rd at 16:03.30. Bailey Lippold finished at 16:43; Cale Williams 16:57; Grayson Armour 17:02; Jacob Landon 17:06; Briley Roper 17:11.
Jacob Gebhardt of Sterling won the race in 14:25.10.
In girls competition, the Cavaliers finished 30th as a team with 878 points. Normal University won the team title with 137 points.
Carlinville's top runner was Rory Drew at 21:58; Molly Lewis 22:04; Patty Walch 22:40; Mackenzie Harris 22:41; Rachel Olroyd 23:19; Gabby Marchiori 24:45; Justice Brock 31:29.
An Oregon State Trooper, gunned down by a fleeing domestic violence suspect on Christmas Day, is making a near miraculous recovery at a Portland area hospital. When first brought Trooper Nic Cederberg was reportedly right on the edge of death. But after three surgeries and lots of intensive care OSP Information Trooper Bill Fugate says Cederberg is now sitting up and talking with family and medical staff.
Here's more on the story from The Oregonian. Click here.
Are most French Anti-Semitic? Former MK Daniel Ben Simon speaks about the new poll conducted by the Union of Jewish students in France Contact Editor ILTV,
ILTV Former MK Daniel Ben Simon
top
Onitsha traders relocate to N4bn new market
From David Onwuchekwa, Nnewi
Traders under the auspices of Onitsha Aluminium And Allied Dealers Technical Association (OAADTA), Onitsha, Anambra State, said they would soon relocate to their new ultra-modern market site worth over N4 billion at Ogbunike in Oyi Local Government Area of the state.
Announcing this at the market when executive members of the association and other traders visited the project to know the level of work already done, Chairman of the association, Chief Ifeanyi Okeke, said the modern market with more than 2,000 stalls was over 50 per cent completed.
Okeke, however, said the major challenge facing traders at the new market site was access road that would enable them transport their goods from source and deliver to their customers after transactions. They appealed to Governor Willie Obiano to come to the rescue of the traders.
Okeke explained that the reason for the traders' relocation from their present site at Oguta Road in Onitsha was the fact that the area had become so congested that it could no longer accommodate the number of traders that increased from time to time.
This post was syndicated from The Sun News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
AN off-the-cuff remark about drinking tea on the Shannon prompted three Limerick men to set about creating a remarkable photoshoot that has created quite a stir online.
Under 30 degrees heat last Friday, local performance artist Paul 'Daigo' O'Driscoll remarked that they would love if they could put a table and chair in the middle of the river and sit out there having a cup of tea.
One thing led to another and Daigo's friend photographer Kieran Ryan-Benson from Pallasgreen, who also works in event management, agreed it would a fairly special thing to be able to do.
But a third man was needed to make it work.
Tony 'Sparrow' Daly used their traditional 23ft–wooden Angling Cot to get both Daigo, Kieran and the furniture on and off the river safely.
Once Tony was happy with Daigo's position on the riverbed they returned to the Boat Club to pick up Kieran and they paddled back up on the incoming tide.
In the short time it took Tony and Kieran to get to Daigo there were lots of cameras clicking away as a large crowd of mainly tourists had gathered nearby to capture the moment.
The whole operation took less than an hour but it has lead to Daigo becoming receiving calls and messages from as far away as Boston since some of the photographs appeared.
A 45-caliber Taurus handgun and some rounds were recovered in a traffic stop Tuesday June 13, 2017. (Courtesy of Lincoln Police)
A 29-year-old man is in jail, after they were pulled over by Lincoln Police for outstanding warrants on Tuesday evening.
Police got a complaint call of drug use involving Derek Spurlock. They were pulled over in the 2600 block of South 9th Street, where one gram of suspected methamphetamine was found in their pocket, while a stolen 45-caliber Taurus handgun was recovered from the vehicle.
The gun was reported stolen out of Antelope County in northeast Nebraska. Another 13 grams of meth was found in Spurlock's backpack.
They were been cited/lodged for possession of a firearm by a prohibited person, possession of a controlled substance with intent to deliver, possession of a firearm with a drug violation and possession of methamphetamine within 1000 feet of a school.
Editorial: It is 2017, and the MLB off-season is about halfway over already. There projects to be plenty of action going forward as many players remain unsigned. The Pittsburgh Pirates also are in a position to remain active as well.
The Pittsburgh Pirates still have a few holes left on their roster to fill this off-season. However, there are three specific areas that need to be addressed before the start of spring training. MLB Trade Rumors has put together a series of articles looking at remaining needs for each division. Recently they put out their article for the NL Central. Here is what Charlie Wilmoth of believes are the three remaining needs of the Pittsburgh Pirates:
Analysis on One:
1) These all seem very logical. First and foremost the Pittsburgh Pirates need to add another starting pitcher. Yes, they have some younger options. However, if the organization plans on retaining Andrew McCutchen through 2017 then they need to make one more aggressive playoff push. Rather than depend on unknowns like Steven Brault and Trevor Williams, the Bucs need to acquire a solidified MLB starter. Specifically the Pirates should be targeting a lefty starter, but it is not integral. Quintana would be great obviously especially being a lefty, but even a player like Alex Cobb would fit the bill.
More from Rum Bunter
Analysis on Two:
2) There will be a trade out of the bullpen. Right now the Pittsburgh Pirates bullpen is lefty heavy. Also the Bucs traditionally spend about 18 million dollars in their bullpen. Right now the Bucs are projecting a bullpen cost of over 20 million. The market for left-handed pitches is at an all-time high in terms of dollars given, the Bucs have plenty of low-cost lefty relievers they can deal.
Analysis on Three:
3) Neal Huntington said they will not trade McCutchen!”. Wrong! Huntington said a trade was unlikely going forward. This was because the most aggressive and logical suitor, the Nationals, found themselves a different outfielder. Still, teams like the Mets and the Blue Jays are still calling on Cutch. There does not seem to be not much going on. It seems unless the Bucs are completely blown away by an offer, Andrew McCutchen will be a Bucco at the start of the 2017 season.
One team who had interest at the Winter Meetings was the L.A. Dodgers. If the Dodgers strikeout on Brian Dozier, they could look to gain a right-handed bat at a different position in McCutchen. The Dodgers have the system to blow away the Pirates. However, outside of the Dodgers there are not a lot of teams that would be aggressive enough to make the deal.
Conclusion
Plan on January being an active month across baseball. There are still plenty of free agents available and many names on the trade block. The Pittsburgh Pirates still have work to do as they need to add a fourth outfielder. The Bucs also will be looking dump Josh Harrison‘s contract along with one of their relievers. Spring Training is about two months away, but the MLB off-season still has a long way to go.
This article originally appeared on
LOS ANGELES — Jordin Canada scored 21 points and Japreece Dean added 16 points to lead third-seeded UCLA to an 86-64 victory over No. 11 seed Creighton in the second round of the women's NCAA Tournament on Monday night.
UCLA (26-7) reaches the Sweet 16 for the third consecutive year and advances to the Kansas City Regional and will face Texas on Friday.
Canada, made six of seven shots and dished out eight assists to lead the Bruins. The senior guard, the Pac 12 defensive Player of the Year and three-time All-Conference guard, has scored 20 or more points in six of their last eight games.
Monique Billings scored 15 points and Kennedy Burke added 11 points for UCLA.
Audrey Faber led Creighton with 20 points and Olivia Elger added 13 for the Bluejays.
The Bruins scored on eight of their first nine possessions to jump to an early double-digit lead. Dean's 3-pointer at the 4:12 mark of the opening quarter gave UCLA an 18-7 lead. The Bruins kept the defensive pressure on the Bluejays and led 26-15 after the first quarter.
UCLA continued to use its speed and quickness in the second quarter and forced 10 first half turnovers while upping its lead to 49-32 at the break, following a pair of free throws by Billings down the stretch. Billings led the Bruins with 13 points in the first half. Creighton never got closer than 17 points in the second half.
Faber made 4-of-6 three pointer attempts and led the Bluejays with 16 points in the opening half.
Both teams shot over 50 per cent in the first half and UCLA held a slim 15-12 advantage on the glass.
Monday was only the second meeting all-time between Creighton and UCLA. The Bruins won the first meeting earlier this year, 72-63, at the South Point Thanksgiving Shootout on Nov. 25, 2017 in Las Vegas.
The Bruins improved to 14-3 at home this season. Jaclyn Agnew and Sydney Lamberty, who combined to score 44 points in Creighton's win over Iowa on Saturday, made only 3 of 13 shots and scored nine points.
BIG PICTURE
UCLA: The Bruins are making their 15th NCAA tournament appearance. UCLA's best finish was in 1999 when they reached the Elite Eight. The Bruins have an all-time NCAA Tournament record of 17-14.
CREIGHTON: The Bluejays finished fourth in the Big East this season and were attempting to advance to their program's first Sweet 16. CU returned to the NCAA Tournament for the fourth time under head coach Jim Flanery and the seventh time in program history. Creighton is 5-7 all-time in the NCAA Tournament.
Tiger Woods says they feel comfortable competing for tournament victories after Jack Nicklaus suggested they would have to "learn to win again".
Woods has been fighting to regain their best form after surgery on their back and has climbed from 656 to 83 in the world rankings, missing just one cut in eight starts since their return.
A second-place finish at the Valspar Championship is their best finish to date and Nicklaus, who hosts this week's Memorial Tournament, said: "We all have to learn how to win again."
Woods responded at their pre-tournament press conference, saying: "I think this understanding of what it takes to finish it off and get a W...I've been on runs where it came pretty easy, getting Ws, and other stretches where it was very difficult.
"This is a little different because I'm coming back off not really playing for a while, and I remember the feelings when I was at Valspar. I had a chance to win there, get second and it really felt comfortable.
"The last few times I had a chance I was up there on the board and I felt very comfortable."
Pro-am partner Peyton Manning, a two-time Super Bowl winner, also heaped praise on Woods after their round together on Wednesday, saying they were doing well and that they understand what it is like to try and come back after surgery.
"It's about being flexible, being adaptive," Manning said. "I couldn't throw the ball the same way after my injury. But you learn to use your experience and football intellect.
"Obviously, that's what he's doing. He's adjusted their game, their swing, using their experience and using other parts of their body to get some strength and power.
"Like I said, for a golf fan, it's great to see them back out here - and they sure are hitting the ball well today."
Searching for a Doctor at 3,000 Metres High
PORCÓN, Peru, Oct 6 2017 (IPS) - Good healthcare can be hard to get – particularly when one lives on top of a mountain. The road to Porcón in the Cajamarca region of Peru, therefore, is as breathtaking as it is sobering. With every step further into its isolated natural beauty, a group of volunteers sent to deliver healthcare essentials are reminded how long the trek would be in an emergency.
After a bus has taken the volunteers as far as it can, to the rim of a sweeping valley dipping into the basin of a ring of mountains, they start their hike.
“We have a lot of fear,” Celestina says. “The doctors are always telling us that they're going to help us and heal us, but we can't always get to them and they're not able to get to us."
It's not very long mile-wise, but they stumble over unforgiving drops in a rocky wind that leads them through tilted pastures resting on the sides of the mountains. The looming brown stillness is disrupted by their panting, at a loss of breath from the gasping altitude.
At the end lies a community of artisans who live in close proximity to one another in Porcón Alto, a rural region high in the Andes.
They've been waiting. Once the volunteers arrive, several women filter out into the pasture where they've set up shop and sit cross-legged around them, all accompanied by toddlers clutching at their long skirts and babies peeking out of the tops of the shawls slung over their backs to carry infants, or vegetables.
They have a flood of questions readies, about basic nutrition, exercise, disease prevention. They have a waiting list of ailments to look at – my child has this rash. My child can't say their R's. It hurts when I stand up from bed.
Immediately put to work, volunteers begin taking their blood pressure, weighing them, measuring their heart rates and their blood glucose levels. Under the shadow cast by one woman's tall brimmed hat their skin is wrinkled in layers, leathery and toughened from years of work in the sun. They look anywhere between 40 and 60, balancing a squirming toddler in their lap while they squint at the volunteer helping them with rapt attention and concern. But a glance at their chart reveals that they are only 22.
One woman sits in the center of the others, shucking corn with a baby tied to their back. Them eyes crinkle with smile lines and their elements-exposed skin is a mosaic of black freckles and brown creases. Them name is Celestina.
Porcón is home to them in a deep sense – their family has lived on this exact plot of land for generations.
“The house over there was taken down, but that's where my grandmother and their mother lived,” they say in Spanish, gesturing out towards a rolling plot of land.
As to what life has been like, living high up here: “Sometimes it's good, sometimes it's bad. Sometimes I get worried. My daughter is sick right now, so I'm sad right now,” Celestina says, touching their daughter's face as the baby girl plays in their lap. Baby Analee, they say, was bitten by an insect just this morning. Analee's cheek is already massively swollen with a red welt.
Fearing for their daughter is a constant reality of existence for Celestina.
“When I'm sleeping I can forget, but otherwise there's always that worry for my child,” they say. “She needs to go to school, they need to work, and I'm always worried about her, to know that she'll be okay.”
Despite how long their family has lived on this land, Celestina says without a hint of hesitation that they wish Analee could grow up in an urban area, perhaps the city Cajamarca below.
“Of course I want to live out in the city, but we don't have land. Where would we build a house? Here, being out in the country, we just cook, we clean, we try to bathe, and we wait. All we can do is wait for the proper transportation to get to Cajamarca to try to get the proper attention if someone is sick.”
They say that there are no home remedies that they or anyone in the community uses to try to treat illness. Their best defense is simply the best level of hygiene they can achieve, and oftentimes it isn't enough.
According to the Pan American Health Organization, only 19.1% of the urban population in Peru make up the country's total poverty – as compared to 54.2% of rural peoples. In regards to extreme poverty, the contrast is even starker – 2.5% of the urban population, and 23.3% of the rural.
Celestina is 38 years old. They have the health of a 60-year-old. Plagued with health struggles since childhood, they currently suffer from chronic eyesight and stomach trouble.
But they brush this acknowledgement off and automatically returns their attention to their baby.
“My daughter is sick and I am worried,” they say. “Always, I am scared for her.”
Celestina may worry about emergency illness striking, but what them and the other community members don't realize is that the real threat of living in such isolation is not one-time tragedies, but rather chronic health problems. Of the children screened in Porcón, one-fourth were underweight and one-fourth were either at risk of being overweight or actually overweight. Of the adults screened, 33% were obese and 42% were overweight.
Most of the people examined during the health screenings, both in Porcón and across Cajamarca, had hypertension and were overweight. An inordinate number had diabetes and were completely unaware of it, ignorant to what caused the disease. One woman's blood glucose level was close to 230 – the volunteer who tested them was so shocked that they tested the level twice more, sure that that initial reading couldn't be possible.
Uneducated on signs of cancer and prevention techniques, many have had parents and grandparents pass away from the disease and simply chalked it up to having ‘just died,' without a known cause.
According to the World Health Organization, the current national Human Resources for Health Density in Peru – meaning doctors, nurses and midwives – is 17.8 per 10,000 population. That distribution, however, is extremely inequitable, with rural areas usually having an HRH density of below ten. Lima, for instance, has three times more physicians per population – 15.4 – than Huancavelica, one of the poorest cities in Peru and populated in majority by indigenous peoples. 89.1% of births in urban regions are assisted by a professional – while only 42.9% of births in rural areas are.
Consequently, it's perhaps not surprising that child mortality rates in Peruvian rural areas are almost twice that of urban areas – 40% to 26%. According to the Pan American Health Organization, 35.3% of adults in rural areas of Peru are overweight, and 16.5% are obese. Only 40% of them perform any “moderate physical activity” – all of the health screenings concluded with group exercise classes.
Without doctors nearby, without easy and reliable transportation to get to the closest doctors, and without health education, Celestina has to live in constant fear. There is fear for their neighbors and for themselves – but above all, fear for them baby. There is fear that disease will strike, that accidents will happen, that unexplained illness will come. Because when it does, Celestina and the rest of the community are left alone on top of the Andes with only their best abilities as a defense – uneducated, unequipped and without adequate and reliable transportation.
“We have a lot of fear,” Celestina says, “The doctors are always telling us that they're going to help us and heal us, but we can't always get to them and they're not able to get to us. They're always promising that they're going to help us, but it never happens because they're so far.”
For now, all that Celestina and the rest of Porcón can do is wait.
“The only thing we can do is wait until we can go to the doctor,” they say, “To go to the doctor and then wait again. Sometimes there's nobody.”
The Samsung Galaxy Note8 is really expensive. $900 is quite a lot of money, especially for something as fragile as a smartphone. One drop could mean the end of your shiny new device, or at least a very expensive repair job. Thankfully, Zizo makes some fantastic cases for the Note8 (they're even available on Amazon), and we're giving away 30 of their Zizo BOLT cases!
As you can probably tell from the pictures, the Zizo BOLT is made to take a beating. It meets 12 ft. military grade 8.10.1-G compliance, so it will keep your phone safe during drops and tumbles. The case also has a kickstand, a detachable 360-degree belt clip (so you can be as cool as Ron Swanson), and a lanyard loop. Your screen isn't left unsafe either, with a free glass screen protector being included in the box.
You can enter the giveaway below, as long as you live in the United States. It will run from October 3rd, 2017 until 11:59PM Pacific Time on Friday, October 6th, 2017. Good luck!
Zizo BOLT Note8 Case Giveaway
I'm not saying you need to eat like a rabbit — munching on carrot and celery sticks. You don't. Instead, try new ways to cook veggies or experiment with fresh, filling, and seriously delicious salad combos. The key is to keep exploring the wide world of veggies until you find ways to enjoy them every day.
3. Don't Be Afraid of Carbs
Sure, a low-carb plan can help you lose weight, but plenty of research also supports carbohydrates — even whole grain wheat — for slimming down. One recent study comparing grain avoiders to grain eaters found that the people who ate grains were less likely to be overweight or obese, and had a lower risk of metabolic complications, like type 2 diabetes. By contrast, avoiding grains was linked with a higher BMI and waist circumference, despite the fact that it was also linked with consuming fewer calories.
Another recent study showed that people who eat whole grains burned close to 100 more calories per day compared to people consuming similar calories but eating refined grains instead.
What I've learned is that you don't need to take an all-or-nothing approach to grains. Most often, I consider grains a side dish rather than an entrée, but I still eat them every day. What is important is that you consistently choose whole grains over their refined counterparts. That means eating brown rice instead of white, whole grain bread over the pillowy, white sandwich bread you may have grown up loving, and choosing whole grain cereals, whether cold or hot, over hyper-processed refined versions.
4. Don't Attempt to Out-Exercise a Bad Diet
Exercise has many benefits, and everyone needs to do it, but the truth is, your workout routine may not be helping you slim down, and even worse, it may be stalling your weight loss. There are a few things at play here. First, we tend to drastically overestimate how many calories we burn while exercising, particularly if we're doing something intense, like spinning or running. Even our high-tech watches and other devices can overestimate the calories we've spent working out. That can lead to the reward mentality. Put another way, it's that voice in your head that tells you, “You can have that cookie, you worked your butt off during spin!” Personally, I've never given myself permission to go for it (pizza! ice cream!) as often as when I was training for a half marathon. And though I was logging more than 30 miles in weekly runs, I put on a noticeable amount of weight.
Women, in particular, tend to eat what we expend in exercise, according to research on the matter. In plain terms, our bodies are well-regulated to know when we've done a session of HIIT or spent time on the elliptical. Unknowingly, we put a little more food on our plates or have a heftier snack in order to replenish what we burned off.
Other notable research found that for those new to exercise or those exercising less frequently, there may be a slight impact on energy expenditure, meaning it might provide a small (but meaningful) drop on the scale. But here's the bad news: Workouts among people doing the most exercise didn't show up on the scale. They likely experience other benefits — improved mental health, lower risk of heart disease, for instance — but they don't have an edge when it comes to weight loss.
I'm not saying you should take a lifelong pass on fitness in order to slim down. What I am saying is that if you're killing it on the cardio machine merely to burn calories and squeeze into your extra-skinny skinny jeans, you may need to re-think this strategy. When it comes to losing weight, it's more about what you put in than what you're burning off. Among participants in the Weight Control Registry, walking is the most frequent form of exercise, and there was no difference in weight maintenance after three years among people who participated in the most physical activity compared to those exercising the least.
5. Make Peace with the Scale
For most people, I recommend weighing yourself often — even daily, and no less frequently than once a week. Your scale provides great data points, allowing you to recognize when you're trending in the wrong direction. At that point — let's call it the 5-pound mark — it's time to analyze where you may have gotten too relaxed. Have you eaten out more frequently? Are you skimping on the veggies? Perhaps you've had a few extra causes for celebration lately. Whatever the case, once you've noticed that you've put on 5 pounds, it's time to take action. You don't need an expert to recognize that it's easier to lose 5 pounds than it is to lose 10 or 20.
Rereātea brings you the latest news live from the Māori Television newsroom.
Today Kimiora Kaire-Melbourne and Wikitoria Day take you through the top stories of the day.
Canterbury Police are looking for missing 12-year-old boy Khanye Harimate who has not been seen since Monday afternoon.
Harimate is from Kaiapoi, 20km north of Christchurch. Police say they may be on their way to Christchurch, possibly with friends.
The Government is activating a Temporary Accommodation Service to assist Edgecumbe residents hit by the recent floods, Lead Minister for Edgecumbe, Anne Tolley and Building and Construction Minister Dr Nick Smith announced today.
"This service is to help people displaced when the Rangitāiki River broke its banks and flooded the town of Edgecumbe," says Mrs Tolley.
And Rautahi Marae welfare centre, which was set up after the evacuation in Kawerau is having a Karakia at 10am as it closes and moves to Edgecumbe Town Hall.
Tune into Māori Television at 5:30 for all the details on all of our top stories, or visit our website, Facebook or Twitter page.
Related Coverage Nugget of Knowledge: Scrappers name origin
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) –
Can use use cash everywhere?
Isn't it “legal tender” for all debts?
We've all heard those stories of people trying to pay debts with pennies…a 25 dollar traffic ticket turns into two thousand 500 pennies….
This may surprise you: some businesses or governmental agencies will only accept checks, money orders or credit cards as payment and others will only take cash in denominations of 20 dollars or smaller.
Is this legal?
Yes.
All money is valid….but there is no Federal law that says a private business, or a person, or an organization must accept paper money or coins as payment for goods or services.
Private businesses are free to set up their own policies on whether to accept cash.
A bus company, for example, can say no to paying fares in pennies or dollar bills.
Movie theaters, convenience stores and gas stations can refuse to accept large denominations, usually anything above a 20.
Did you miss an episode of Daybreak or want to re-visit a previous ‘Nugget'? View previous ‘Nugget of Knowledge' entries on WYTV.com.
If you have an idea for a ‘Nugget of Knowledge,' send your idea in an email to Len.Rome@wytv.com
Football notifications, social media and more
Get the latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.
PITTSBURGH, Pa. — Participants at the 2017 Fusion Conference walked away with new and rekindled friendships, and a broader support system of people inspiring and challenging them to enhance their own lives.
The American Farm Bureau Federation hosted the Fusion Conference Feb. 10-13 at the David Lawrence Convention Center, Pittsburgh.
The conference brought together three AFBF groups for professional development and networking: Women's Leadership, Young Farmers and Ranchers, and Promotion and Education.
More than 1,120 Farm Bureau members joined to discuss best practices, compete and celebrate the year's successes.
Sessions
Professional development workshops were organized around advocacy, business, communication, education, leadership, rural development/entrepreneurship, technology and a focus on the collegiate age group.
Paige Pratt, Ph.D., with the Kansas Farm Bureau Federation, discussed Family Farm Transitions: The Good, the Bad and the In-Laws. They spoke to a standing-room-only crowd about the challenges and rewards of family farm transitions. Sharing their own experiences, they kept the crowd and engaged and amused.
“The first question you must ask before going back to the farm is, ‘Are they done living their own dream, so they can help you live yours?''' they said. “If the answer to this question isn't yes, then you'll be nothing more than a laborer.”
Pratt went on to discuss identifying qualified legal and accounting experts, improving communication between generations and the importance of making a plan.
Tell your story
In another session, Jean Lonie, director of student recruitment and activities at Pennsylvania State University, discussed Owning Our Story.
They asked the crowed, “Who here has heard something ridiculous while standing in the dairy section of your local grocery store?” Heads nodded in agreement as the audience raised their hands.
“We must take advantage of teachable moments,” they said, encouraging the crowd to tell the story of agriculture. “We must meet consumers where they are, not where we want them to be.”
Farm Bureau members of all ages jotted notes and shared their own stories of advocacy.
This conference occurs every other year,with the three AFBF groups sharing the conference space.
“We want these three groups to interact, collaborate and share ideas,” said Zippy Duvall, American Farm Bureau president. “The enthusiasm from young farmers is contagious.”
Duvall spend time chatting with members one-on-one.
“I recognize a good leader is a good listener,” said Duvall. “I try to make myself accessible to our grass-roots members, hear them share their stories, so I can share them in my travels with other members to make a difference.”
Harvest for All
YF&R members also made a difference in the fight against hunger this year. As part of Farm Bureau's 2016 Harvest for All program, they raised more than $1.1 million and donated more than 28.9 million pounds of food to assist hungry Americans.
Combined, the monetary and food donations also reached a record level of the equivalent of more than 31 million meals.
The California Farm Bureau took top honors for donating the most food, 15.1 million pounds. Illinois Farm Bureau raised the most money, $978,000. Illinois Farm Bureau also tallied the most volunteer hours, 3,292.
Each of those state organizations received a $750 grant from Nationwide to donate to a local food bank of their choice or for another Harvest for All project.
Second-place winners were the New York Farm Bureau for food donated at 13.2 million pounds; Tennessee Farm Bureau for donated funds at $48,000; and Michigan Farm Bureau for volunteer time at 1,815 hours. Each of these winners received a $500 grant.
In addition, three state YF&R committees received $250 grants from Nationwide for “most innovative” programs. Those winners were from Michigan, New Hampshire and Tennessee.
Discussion meet
Fifty-three young farmer members from across the country competed in the National Collegiate Discussion Meet.
Local contestants were Kameron Rinehart and Meghan Bruns, Ohio; Simon Itle, Pennsylvania; Carriel Schmitt, New York; Michael Mann, Kentucky.
The winner of the meet was Ryan O'Reilly, a student at Colorado State University.
Millennials
Reaching members age 20-30 is a challenge for many membership organizations, and AFBF works with strategies to keep this age group engaged.
“That age group likes fun activities they can take their families to, or that are informative, so they don't feel like they are wasting their time,” said Duvall.
In an effort to stay current, AFBF asks their interns how they would like to be communicated with and works with them to brainstorm new ideas.
“We have to ask questions and keep the conversation going and stay open to new ideas. It's not your grandfather's Farm Bureau,” Duvall said.
National committee
Also keeping AFBF fresh with grass-roots engagement ideas is the national YF&R Committee. The committee is comprised of 16 positions representing all regions of the U.S. Committee members are responsible for young farmer program planning, which includes the coordination of competitive events during AFBF's annual convention and the Harvest for All program.
“One of the best parts [of serving on the committee] has been to see the growth to us professionally, in advocating, public speaking and our ability to tell our story. Being on the committee has given us the tools,” said Katie Farley of Dayton, who serves with their husband, Latham.
This is the fifth year the Farleys have attended this conference. They operate a hog and grain farm and both work off the farm.
“It has been wonderful to learn from the other members. We come from around the country, we have our differences, but also a lot of similarities. We learn from them and talk through issues we all face,” Katie said.
The Farleys are retiring from the committee this year as it welcomes another Ohioan, Brad Heimerl.
Heimerl is from Johnstown, Ohio, in Licking County. When asked why they applied for the national committee they said, “Those who show up get to drive the future. I want to make a difference.”
Heimerl works in the hog division of their family's farm. They represented Ohio in the collegiate discussion meet in 2013, getting their feet wet and was hooked.
“With my background in 4-H, FFA and public speaking, I enjoy sharing about what we do. I am proud and willing to advocate. Serving on this committee as my next step was a no-brainer and I'm excited to see what's next,” Heimerl said.
National committee members are nominated by their respective state Farm Bureaus. They study farm and food policy issues, participate in leadership training exercises and hone other professional skills during their two-year terms.
Politics
In 2017, AFBF is pushing engagement, from the local level to the White House, said Duvall.
AFBF is involved in advocating for issues and bills at all levels, currently focusing on issues such as taxes, trade, estate taxes, labor laws and regulatory reform.
“We, rural America, paved the road for Mr. Trump, but we have to recognize it was only half the job. Now we must get to work, confirming Gov. Perdue, working on our relationships and keeping our seat at the table,” Duvall said.
Duvall shared Sonny Perdue's qualifications to be the next U.S. secretary of agriculture.
“As a vet, they understand sound science; as a farmer in their adult life, they know the hours and the hard work, they own businesses that buy and sell grain. We will continue to build on our positive relationship with him.”
Duvall's advice for Farm Bureau members moving forward in the political arena, “Be patient, supportive and engaged.”
AFBF is currently discussing how best to communicate its policy positions with the administration, particularly on issues such as the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which President Donald Trump opposes. Duvall said the farm group will work to keep the positive qualities of such trade agreements, fix what's not working and develop something even better.
“We've been promised a seat at the table on such issues and, on behalf of our members, we'll be there,” Duvall said.
AFBF Fusion concluded Feb. 13 with business and industry tours in western Pennsylvania and eastern Ohio. Next year's YF&R conference is scheduled for Feb. 16-19 in Reno, Nevada.
LED? I thought it was all about OLED now?
Not so fast, naysayer. While OLED is doubtless the winner on contrast, it also tends to cost a fair bit more than LED - which is why we're still getting 4K whoppers with LED tech built-in. Just like this new EX750 from Panasonic. It carries the badge of 4K Pro HDR, which basically means it's a delightfully cinematic screen.
It'll still have decent contrast, then?
Apparently so. Shipping in 50-, 58-, 65- and 75-inch variants, the 4K Pro-equipped panel carries the same HCX2 processor as its OLED brethren - as well as Enhanced Local Dimming which, while unlikely to rival the true blacks of OLED, should mean less light glare and deeper, darker images. Both HDR10 and the BBC-frequented HLG variants of HDR will be supported, although there's no mention of Dolby Vision.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Video
A police officer has responded to questions about whether their job in the West Country resembles the film Hot Fuzz with a video of themselves releasing a swan.
The bird had to be rescued after landing on the M5 between Burnham-on-Sea and Weston-super-Mare in North Somerset.
Hillsboro City Council has some important issues to address before the end of the year. Among them is a decision on whether to join the Paint Creek fire and EMS district as a member, or seek to continue the current contractual arrangement. The public discussion of this important issue should have begun before now.
But where has council's focus been lately? For some on council, it's been on an effort to “do something” in response to Hillsboro Mayor Drew Hastings' social media posts.
Council's Civil Service and Employee Relations Committee suddenly sprang into action on Sept. 19 for a meeting which was advertised as dealing with “employee complaints.” But no employees aired any complaints, and the meeting devolved into two and half hours of a few residents complaining about Hastings and their social media posts.
The mayor's posts on various social media forums like Facebook and Twitter have often been misguided and sometimes insensitive. It is not surprising that some people are offended by their comments. As long as Drew Hastings serves as mayor, they should at the very least rein in their more acidic social media observations.  They are the mayor of Hillsboro, including people who do not like them and who did not vote for him.
But as many have noted, Hastings' brand of commentary was well-known to the residents of Hillsboro when voters elected them in 2011 and reelected them in 2015, each time with about 60 percent of the vote. Individually, council members have always been free to express whatever opinion they hold about the mayor.
Considering that the initial committee meeting on a resolution critical of Hastings was held on Sept. 19 – more than three full weeks before the next scheduled council meeting on Oct. 10 – the suggestion that a second committee meeting could not have been scheduled to approve a final resolution in time for council's consideration this month is difficult to comprehend. Now, officials say the matter will apparently not be addressed until council meets in November, leaving it to dangle over the city and the mayor for another full month (and, interestingly, after council elections are held on Nov. 7).
Short of bringing the matter to a vote at Tuesday's meeting so it can be put behind us sooner rather than later, council should refocus on the important initiatives and projects that need its attention. Along with the crucial decision on fire and EMS coverage, the mayor's proposal for creation of a Downtown Development District deserves careful consideration. Decisions need to be made about the former Colony Theatre site, a proposed skate board park, and a long-awaited update of the city's Civil Service Manual.
Council should focus less on whether to slap the mayor's wrist, and more on the pressing issues that deserve the bulk of council's time and attention as 2017 quickly winds to a close.
DETROIT — The mother of a G League basketball player who died in March after collapsing on the court during a game has filed a federal lawsuit accusing the NBA and the Detroit Pistons of negligence.
Zeke Upshaw played for the Grand Rapids Drive, a G League affiliate of the Pistons. They collapsed during a game at Grand Rapids on March 24 and died two days later .
The lawsuit was filed Wednesday in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. The NBA and Pistons are named as defendants, along with SSJ Group and The DeltaPlex Arena. Jewel Upshaw, the player's mother, is the plaintiff, both individually and on behalf of Zeke Upshaw's estate.
The lawsuit alleges that medical personnel at the game failed to attempt lifesaving measures in a timely fashion.
“Remarkably, for much longer than four full minutes, no cardio-pulmonary resuscitation (CPR) was initiated, no chest compressions were started, no oxygen mask was placed on their nose and mouth, no airway was cleared and secured, and no defibrillator sensors and electric delivery patches were attached and secured to Zeke's chest,” the suit says.
The suit also says the defendants failed to provide the G League team “the resources, policies, and procedures reasonably necessary” to prevent or handle Upshaw's collapse.
The NBA, the Pistons and the Drive did not immediately respond to messages seeking comment.
Upshaw started their college basketball career at Illinois State. They graduated with a degree in apparel, merchandising and design. The Chicago native then transferred to Hofstra, where they played in 2013-14. Upshaw was undrafted and played internationally in Slovenia and Luxembourg. They spent most of the last two seasons with the Drive.
——
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
——
Follow Noah Trister at http://www.Twitter.com/noahtrister
Every fresh Donald Trump-adjacent horror brings with it a strangely vivid new cast of hacks and hangers-on, the low-level bad guys who bumble through misdeeds on behalf of eviler and more powerful forces while remaining far enough from the levers of power to retain some of their rough edges. There was Rob Goldstone, the “CUNTY” music publicist with a taste for funny hats who helped orchestrate Don Jr.'s Russian meeting in Trump Tower; Sam Nunberg, the ousted early campaign staffer who's now most famous for blabbering through a series of TV interviews about their own plans to ignore a federal subpoena, possibly while drunk; Jay Sekulow, the presidential attorney who spends their weekends playing in a crappy classic rock band with the onetime lead singer of Kansas, and so on.
The latest scandal concerns Cambridge Analytica, a data firm funded by the right-wing billionaire Robert Mercer that once included Steve Bannon on its board and was contracted by the Trump campaign to provide so-called “psychographic” models of the American electorate that would help guide the campaign's digital operations. The most immediately gripping character in the Cambridge Analytica saga is Christopher Wylie, a 28-year-old savant who helped create Cambridge's software but became disillusioned with its mission, later leaking documents to reporters showing that the company had improperly gathered its data from the profiles of 50 million Facebook users, the vast majority of which had not consented to making their information available. Wylie has pink hair and wears camo and futuristic sneakers, coming off a bit like the slick hacker antihero of a William Gibson novel—the “data nerd who came in from the cold,” as the Guardian memorably put it in a story about Wylie from Sunday. Wylie could not provide definitive proof that Trump's team actually used Cambridge's Facebook data, because they left the company before it joined the campaign; but, they said in a Today show interview, “What I do know was that this is the foundation of Cambridge Analytica—Cambridge Analytica was founded on misappropriated data.”
But Wylie is not the only Cambridge player who could have been pulled from the pages of dystopian sci-fi. Take, for instance, Aleksandr Kogan, a Russian-American academic in Cambridge University's neuroscience department who actually collected the Facebook data on Cambridge Analytica's behalf. (Bannon apparently chose the company's name after it hired academics from the university to work there.) According to the Guardian and New York Times, under the auspices of academic research, Kogan created a personality quiz Facebook app that collected detailed private information about the people who took the quiz and their Facebook friends. Kogan then allegedly passed the information to Cambridge Analytica, violating the terms of their agreement with Facebook that it would be used only for their academic work. Making matters even shadier, Kogan's scheme was apparently not even original: the Times and Guardian both reported that Kogan essentially copied the research methods of colleagues at the university's Psychometrics Centre, who had declined to work with Cambridge Analytica when the company approached them.
Kogan is pretty low in the pecking order compared to Mercer, Bannon, or even Alexander Nix, Cambridge's chief executive. But they do deserve notice as the guy who actually made their nefarious plan a reality. Also, the Guardian notes that Kogan has a post at St. Petersburg University in addition to their job at Cambridge University, where they have received grants from the Russian government to research social networks. This revelation, along with some others—an advisory role to Cambridge occupied by Michael Flynn, who resigned as Trump's national security advisor after lying about their contact with Russian officials; a pitch in Wylie's leaked documents from Cambridge to Lukoil, a Russian oil producer with strong ties to the government there—make it easy to wonder whether the company is a link in the story of alleged Trump-Russia collusion.
Finally, there's the business of Kogan's name, which really seals their status as this story's most bizarrely compelling lackey. They once legally changed it “to Dr Spectre, but has subsequently changed it back to Dr Kogan,” according to an eye-catching aside in the Guardian story. (The decision was apparently prompted somehow by Kogan's marriage, though Spectre was not their wife's maiden name, either. “We chose Spectre as a derivative of Spectrum,” they once wrote on Facebook.) With a name as ominous as Dr. Aleksandr Spectre, it's almost as though their role as the executor of a plot to secretly harvest information about tens of millions of individuals in order to elect a vicious demagogue was destined in advance. The fact that they chose it for themselves makes it even more cartoonishly evil. As in the case of Lousie Linton stroking giant sheets of dollar bills with black leather opera gloves, or Roger Stone dressing like the Penguin in Batman Returns, it's like these people really relish playing the role of villain.
Exploration in the North Sea oil and gas sector is at its lowest level since the early 1970s, according to an industry report.
Industry body Oil and Gas UK's annual Business Outlook said only 94 wells were drilled last year.
This is the first time the number has fallen below 100 since 1973.
However, the report said the sector is in a healthier state with a rising oil price leading to more firms returning profits.
About 600m barrels of oil and gas are produced from the North Sea each year and for long-term sustainability exploration is needed to find more.
Although a small number of wells were drilled, the amount of oil discovered was its highest since 2008 at 350 million barrels.
But the delayed impact of the downturn also meant the supply sector has seen revenue fall by more than £10 billion.
Image copyright Reuters
Deirdre Michie, chief executive of Oil and Gas UK, said: "We must recognise that many areas of the supply chain are still struggling with the impact of the downturn and have yet to benefit from any upturn in activity.
"It's vital that we keep driving fresh thinking, innovative approaches and efficiency efforts. The short-term outlook for our sector is more positive with new projects and new entrants bringing new life to the basin, but there are undoubtedly longer-term challenges.
"We need more exploration if we are to get close to recovering the three to up to nine billion barrels of yet-to-find hydrocarbons on the UKCS, matched by a continuing focus on improving recovery from existing fields.
"The investment decisions we make today are key to how much we produce in the years to come."
The report suggested that material conditions were right for more exploration drilling with changes to the fiscal regime and decreasing overheads making it more cost effective.
But it said early indications suggested companies were instead committing money to areas of the business which produced more certainty that exploration.
Image copyright Getty Images
With thousands of jobs being shed, companies have managed to drive down by half the cost of producing a barrel of oil.
That has made it easier for new players like Siccar Point Energy to enter the market.
This relatively small firm, backed by private equity investment, now holds a large portfolio and intends to begin drilling in the Cambo and Lyon fields in the spring.
Chief executive officer Jonathan Roger said: "We saw the drop off of investment over the last few years and the UK is at a critical time so if that continued it would accelerate the end of life for the basin. Companies investing through the cycle are really what will make a big difference.
"When we raised our finance in 2014 it was just ahead of the oil price crash and although doing deals was very difficult through that downturn it allowed us to use our financial strength to get into the very best quality of opportunities as other companies were looking to reduce their capital expenditure.
"That allowed us to build a fabulous business. We've got interests in three of the largest assets left in the UK in Schiehallion, Mariner and Rosebank."
The Business Outlook expects a big increase in investment during 2018 totalling more than for the last three years combined.
Between 12 and 16 oil and gas developments are expected to be given the go ahead this year which would unlock about £5bn.
Production is predicted to increase by 5% making it 20% higher than five years ago.
And after a huge reduction in headcount, more than half of companies in the sector are expecting employee numbers to rise.
0:38 Enraged man rams their truck through Walmart After reportedly getting into a heated argument with a young woman, 19-year-old Caleb Wilson drove their pickup truck into a Walmart, causing an estimated $500,000 in damages. It appears they may have been trying to run down the woman, who had been brought back into the store by concerned witnesses.
1:16 Commuters rescue woman whose leg got stuck exiting a train A woman riding the T in Boston, Massachusetts, fell between the train and the platform, causing their leg to become twisted and bloody. Eventually, other commuters rocked the train car back and forth to release the injured limb.
0:38 Bus riders fight over open window in silence Footage from a Russian bus shows two commuters having a dispute over whether a window would remain open or closed. Despite going at it for several minutes, neither passenger attempts to simply talk to the other one and find a compromise.
0:41 Drivers look on as seemingly unconscious woman falls out of SUV Disturbing traffic footage from Florida shows a woman falling out of an SUV. Drivers looked on as the woman was laying in the middle of an intersection. Police are trying to identify them or the driver, as it appears that they may have been injured either before or during the incident.
0:51 Petty thief caught red-handed with the lamest loot ever A family in Nebraska has released home security camera footage of a woman scoping out their property before stealing a rainbow lawn pinwheel. According to the homeowners, they were able to track down the suspect's identity through social media.
0:37 Driver plows into cop car at 45 mph Georgia police released video of an accident caused by an allegedly distracted driver. Footage captured from inside the police car shows an SUV driving full speed into the back of the car without the driver making any attempt to slow down.
0:33 Lucky woman misses being hit by a motorcycle by mere inches After a collision sent a motorcycle flying through the air, the bike missed smashing into a woman by only a few inches. The driver of the bike reportedly suffered only minor injuries, and was released from a nearby hospital on the same day.
0:51 Frightening moment a 164-foot road collapses in China CCTV footage captured the shocking moment an entire street crumbled and sank in Guang'an , China. The cause of the collapse may have been continuous rainstorms.
0:36 Disgusting man uses girlfriend's finger to pick their own nose Bizarre footage reportedly shows a man using their girlfriend's finger to pick their own nose on a train. It's both gross and confusing.
Video
Meet the little Syrian refugee who made it out alive after most of their family froze to death on the way to Lebanon.
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app. The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android.
Football notifications, social media and more
Get the latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.
In this Tuesday, June 13, 2017 photo, Buffalo Bills defensive tackle Marcell Dareus, right, prepares to throw out the ceremonial first pitch at the Triple-A Buffalo Bisons minor league baseball game in Buffalo, N.Y..  They are joined by Bisons general manager Michael Buczkowski. The Bisons honored the Bills player by hosting a “Marcell Dareus Night,” in which they donated $2,500 to the Boys and Girls Club of Buffalo and also hosted about 100 children to watch the game from the stands. John Wawrow AP Photo
The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday refused to hear an appeal by a Georgia security guard who said they were harassed and forced from their job because they are a lesbian, avoiding an opportunity to decide whether a federal law that bans gender-based bias also outlaws discrimination based on sexual orientation.
The justices left in place a lower court ruling against Jameka Evans, who had argued that workplace sexual orientation discrimination violates Title VII of the landmark Civil Rights Act of 1964. Workplace protections are a major source of concern for advocates of rights for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people.
Jameka Evans Courtesy of Lambda Legal
The case hinged on an argument that is currently being litigated in different parts of the United States and has divided lower courts: whether Title VII, which bans employment discrimination based on sex, also outlaws bias based on sexual orientation. Title VII also bars employment discrimination based on race, color, religion and national origin.
The U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, an independent federal agency that enforces Title VII, had argued since 2012, during Democratic former President Barack Obama's administration, that bias against gay workers violates the law.
But in July, Republican President Donald Trump's administration argued the opposite in a separate case. That case, involving a skydiving instructor who said they lost their job after telling a customer they were gay, is currently pending before a New York federal appeals court.
Evans in 2015 sued Georgia Regional Hospital at Savannah, a psychiatric facility, and several of its officials.
They alleged that while they worked there from 2012 to 2013, their supervisor tried to force them to quit because they wore a male uniform and did not conform to female gender stereotypes. They said the supervisor asked questions about their relationships, promoted a junior employee above her, and physically slammed a door into their body.
In March, the Atlanta-based 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals sided with the hospital, saying that only the Supreme Court can declare that Title VII's protections cover gay workers.
Represented by Lambda Legal Defense and Education Fund, an LGBTQ legal advocacy group, Evans appealed to the Supreme Court. Them lawyers cited language in the high court's landmark 2015 ruling legalizing same-sex marriage nationwide that discriminating against gay people diminishes their personhood.
"By declining to hear this case, the Supreme Court is delaying the inevitable and leaving a split in the circuits that will cause confusion across the country,” said Greg Nevins, Employment Fairness Project Director for Lambda Legal. “But this was not a 'no' but a 'not yet,' and rest assured that Lambda Legal will continue the fight, circuit by circuit as necessary, to establish that the Civil Rights Act prohibits sexual orientation discrimination."
Evans case was backed by nearly 80 companies, including Microsoft and Apple, as well as 17 states and the District of Columbia.
FOLLOW NBC OUT ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK AND INSTAGRAM
BEIJING – China announced Monday it will cut off imports of North Korean coal, iron ore and other goods in three weeks under U.N. sanctions imposed over the North's nuclear and missile programs.
China, the isolated North's main trading partner, has been reluctant to push leader Kim Jong-un's regime too hard for fear it might collapse. But Beijing is increasingly frustrated with Pyongyang and supported a U.N. Security Council ban on Aug. 5 on coal and other key goods.
The Chinese customs agency said it will stop processing imports of North Korean coal, iron and lead ores and fish at midnight on Sept. 5.
“After that, entry of these goods will be prohibited,” said an agency statement.
The announcement follows an escalating exchange of angry words between Trump and Kim's government. Trump declared the U.S. military “locked and loaded” while Pyongyang threatened to fire four missiles into waters near the U.S. territory of Guam.
The latest U.N. sanctions are intended to block North Korean exports worth $1 billion – a significant share of total exports valued at $3 billion last year.
China stopped importing North Korean coal in February but total trade has risen, which prompted U.S. President Donald Trump to accuse Beijing in July of failing to use its economic leverage to stop Pyongyang's pursuit of nuclear weapons.
Beijing had long been Pyongyang's only diplomatic defender but agreed in March 2016 to sanctions against the North following its test of a long-range missile.
Still, Chinese leaders oppose blocking all trade with the impoverished North, which they argue might cause widespread hunger.
The Chinese import cut will come the week of Foundation Day on Sept. 9, the North Korean holiday commemorating the founding of the country's government in 1948.
North Korean imports of Chinese oil, consumer goods and other products rose 36.7 per cent from a year earlier in the first half of this year to 1.1 billion yuan ($165 million), according to Chinese customs data. Chinese imports from the North fell 7.6 per cent in the same period to 611 million yuan ($91 million), squeezing the North's revenue.
MORE ABOUT NORTH KOREA:
LONDON: Digital currency bitcoin kicked off the new year by jumping above $1,000 for the first time in three years late on Sunday, having outperformed all central-bank-issued currencies with a 125 percent climb in 2016.
Bitcoin — a web-based “cryptocurrency” that has no central authority, relying instead on thousands of computers across the world that validate transactions and add new bitcoins to the system — jumped 2.5 percent to $1,022 on the Europe-based Bitstamp exchange, its highest since December 2013.
Though the digital currency has historically been highly volatile — a tenfold increase in its value in two months in late 2013 took it to above $1,100, before a hack on the Tokyo-based Mt. Gox exchange saw it plunge to under $400 in the following weeks — it has in the past two years been more stable.
Its biggest daily moves in 2016 were around 10 percent, still very volatile compared with fiat currencies, but markedly lower than the trading of 2013, which saw daily price swings of as much as 40 percent.
Bitcoin may have been boosted in the past year by increased demand in China on the back of a 7 percent annual fall in the value of the yuan in 2016, the Chinese currency's weakest showing in over 20 years. Data shows most bitcoin trading is done in China.
Bitcoin is used to move money across the globe quickly and anonymously and does not fall under the purview of any authority, making it attractive to those wanting to get around capital controls, such as China's.
It is also may appeal to those worried about a lack of supply of cash, such as in India, where Prime Minister Narendra Modi removed high-denomination banknotes from circulation in November.
“The growing war on cash, and capital controls, is making bitcoin look like a viable, if high risk, alternative,” said Paul Gordon, a board member of the UK Digital Currency Association and co-founder of Quantave, a firm seeking to make it easier for institutional investors to access digital currency exchanges.
Though bitcoin is still some way off the all-time high of $1,163 that it reached on the Bitstamp exchange in late 2013, there are now more bitcoins in circulation — 12.5 are added to the system every 10 minutes. Its total worth is at a record-high above $16 billion, putting its value at around the same as that of an average FTSE 100 company.
MOSUL: Iraqi schoolgirl Manar Mahmoud is eager to resume classes after years of life under Daesh in Mosul, ignoring the nearby rattle of artillery fire.
The 13-year-old is back at their old school in the eastern part of the city, which Iraqi forces recaptured from the militants in January.
Within earshot, fighting is still raging. Just across the River Tigris, government troops, artillery and aircraft are attacking Daesh's last stronghold in the Old City in western Mosul.
But with the first new textbooks having arrived last week, teachers are wasting no time restarting classes. The girls have years of catching up to do: Most of them stopped going to school after the militants overran Mosul in June 2014.
“We want to learn, we do not want to be ignorant,” said Manar, assembling in the courtyard with other girls before classes.
The militants had forced the teachers to continue working but most parents pulled out their children, fearing they would be brainwashed with an extreme version of religion.
“They were bad. They used to teach us about jihad (holy war), how to fight,” said Manar, wearing the school uniform with a white veil. “Our families prevented us from coming to school.”
With little interest in girls' education, the militants quickly gave up, closing the school but not destroying it as they did with other public buildings.
They searched the library and teachers' rooms, stripping them of valuables and removing books they disapproved of. A room full of Arabic-language teaching books survived — the militants had tried to shoot open the lock but gave up.
In another room are new books on subjects like English and Biology that were halted by Daesh.
The pupils are keen. “I'm very happy,” said 8-year old Sara Umar. “It's better to go to school in the morning instead of staying at home.”
The biggest challenge is that the 150 girls enrolled at the school have different knowledge levels after missing almost three years of education.
“We have to put girls of different ages and knowledge in one class which creates many problems,” said the director of the school. “We are seeking more guidance from the Education Ministry but not a single official has visited us yet.”
With Daesh just gone and the frontline a few blocks away, they and some other teachers asked not to be named, unsure what the future may bring. The teachers all work for free as the government has not yet resumed paying salaries.
“The school has no running water and electricity,” said teacher Umm Mohammed, standing in front of their packed classroom. “God willing, we will try to help the children and the pupils forget the suffering they have experienced.”
MOSUL: Iraqi schoolgirl Manar Mahmoud is eager to resume classes after years of life under Daesh in Mosul, ignoring the nearby rattle of artillery fire.
The 13-year-old is back at their old school in the eastern part of the city, which Iraqi forces recaptured from the militants in January.
Within earshot, fighting is still raging. Just across the River Tigris, government troops, artillery and aircraft are attacking Daesh's last stronghold in the Old City in western Mosul.
But with the first new textbooks having arrived last week, teachers are wasting no time restarting classes. The girls have years of catching up to do: Most of them stopped going to school after the militants overran Mosul in June 2014.
“We want to learn, we do not want to be ignorant,” said Manar, assembling in the courtyard with other girls before classes.
The militants had forced the teachers to continue working but most parents pulled out their children, fearing they would be brainwashed with an extreme version of religion.
“They were bad. They used to teach us about jihad (holy war), how to fight,” said Manar, wearing the school uniform with a white veil. “Our families prevented us from coming to school.”
With little interest in girls' education, the militants quickly gave up, closing the school but not destroying it as they did with other public buildings.
They searched the library and teachers' rooms, stripping them of valuables and removing books they disapproved of. A room full of Arabic-language teaching books survived — the militants had tried to shoot open the lock but gave up.
In another room are new books on subjects like English and Biology that were halted by Daesh.
The pupils are keen. “I'm very happy,” said 8-year old Sara Umar. “It's better to go to school in the morning instead of staying at home.”
The biggest challenge is that the 150 girls enrolled at the school have different knowledge levels after missing almost three years of education.
“We have to put girls of different ages and knowledge in one class which creates many problems,” said the director of the school. “We are seeking more guidance from the Education Ministry but not a single official has visited us yet.”
With Daesh just gone and the frontline a few blocks away, they and some other teachers asked not to be named, unsure what the future may bring. The teachers all work for free as the government has not yet resumed paying salaries.
“The school has no running water and electricity,” said teacher Umm Mohammed, standing in front of their packed classroom. “God willing, we will try to help the children and the pupils forget the suffering they have experienced.”
JEDDAH: The Saudi Railway Co. (SAR) has begun an awareness campaign under the slogan “railway safety” to educate the public about dangerous behavior on and near railway lines.Ammar Al-Nahdi, director general of marketing and communications at SAR, said that the company launched the awareness campaign targeting villages and cities alongside the line between Hail and Al-Jouf, mainly in areas where there are prairies and livestock where the railways are being damaged the most.“The people committing these wrong behaviors are lacking conscience about the seriousness of their doings, which may lead to killing innocent people — from train passengers to people who cross the railways in the wrong way.“SAR is prioritizing the safety of people and property, taking into consideration the safety of passengers and people living around the railways,” said Al-Nahdi, who appealed for people to pay attention and cross railways using bridges constructed for vehicles and livestock — for their safety and the safety of passengers.SAR owns about 4,974 km of fenced railways, 2,750 km of them in the north and 1,775 km between Dammam and Riyadh, in addition to 450 km for the express train between Makkah and Madinah, secured by a metal fence on both sides to provide safety and security for people and property.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for […]
BEIJING: China's economy expanded faster than expected in the first quarter as higher government infrastructure spending and a gravity-defying property boom helped boost industrial output by the most in over two years.
The growth of 6.9 percent was the fastest in six quarters, with forecast-beating March investment, retail sales and exports all suggesting the economy may carry solid momentum into spring.
But most analysts say the first quarter may be as good as it gets for China this year, and worry Beijing is still relying too heavily on stimulus and “old economy” growth drivers, primarily the steel industry and a property market that is showing signs of overheating.
“The Chinese government has a tendency to rely on infrastructure development to sustain growth in the long term,” economists at ANZ said in a note.
“The question we need to ask is whether this investment-led model is sustainable as the authorities have trouble taming credit. We need to watch closely whether China's top leadership will send a stronger signal to tighten monetary policy shortly.”
Even as top officials vowed to crack down on debt risks, China's total social financing, a broad measure of credit and liquidity in the economy, reached a record 6.93 trillion yuan ($1 trillion) in the first quarter — roughly equivalent to the size of Mexico's economy.
At the same time, spending by the central and local governments rose 21 percent from a year earlier. That helped goose the pace of growth in the first quarter well above the government's 2017 target of around 6.5 percent, and pipped economists' forecasts of 6.8 percent year-on-year.
Such a strong bolt from the gate could see Beijing once again meet its annual growth target, even if activity starts to fade later in the year, as many analysts widely expect.
“Main indicators were better than expected...which laid a good foundation for achieving the full-year growth goals,” statistics spokesperson Mao Shengyong said at a news conference.
Once again, China's policymakers leaned on infrastructure and real estate investment to drive expansion in the first quarter. Growth in both areas has accelerated from last year and helped offset slightly weaker growth in the services sector.
“Faster growth in industrial output is the primary factor in the first-quarter surprise, and due mostly to higher value-added growth related to supply-side consolidation in (the) heavy industry,” said Brian Jackson, China economist at IHS Global Insight.
Real estate investment also remained robust in the first quarter, expanding by 9.1 percent on-year, and the pace of new construction quickened despite intensifying government measures to cool soaring prices.
Most analysts agree the heated property market poses the single biggest risk to China's economic growth, but predict the cumulative weight of property curbs will eventually temper activity, not produce an outright crash.
“Sales have started falling, which means tightening measures are starting to take effect,” said Shen Jianguang, an analyst at Mizuho Securities in Hong Kong, noting that will start to drag on both the services and construction sectors.
More than 24 cities announced new or additional property cooling measures in March and early April after curbs late last year appeared to have little lasting effect.
Buoyed by a near 12 percent increase in housing starts, China produced a record amount of steel in March, Reuters data showed, though analysts say warning signs are flashing.
Rising inventory levels and recent falls in steel prices suggest output has been growing faster than China's actual demand, raising worries of a glut later in the year, which could heighten trade tensions with the US and its other major trading partners.
There were also positive signs on the consumer front in Monday's data dump. After slowing for five quarters, disposable income growth picked up to 7 percent in the first quarter, the fastest since the end of 2015.
March retail sales rebounded 10.9 percent on-year as consumers shelled out more for home appliances, furniture and decorations for new homes.
Auto sales also showed signs of recovering after weakening in the first two months of the year after the government reduced subsidies on small cars.
Analysts are closely watching for signs that consumption is accounting for a greater share of China's economy, which would not only make growth more resilient and broader based but also reduce the need for more debt-fueled stimulus and reliance on “smokestack” industries.
Though policymakers have pledged repeatedly to push reforms to head off financial risks and asset bubbles, the government is seeking to keep the economy on an even keel ahead of a major leadership transition in later this year.
China's central bank has gingerly shifted to a tightening policy bias in recent months and is using more targeted measures to contain risks in the financial system, after years of ultra-loose settings.
It has bumped up interest rates on money market instruments and special short- and medium-term loans several times already this year and further modest increases are expected, especially if US rates continue to rise.
“I think China should be directing the economy to slow down its growth in the long term...but on the contrary, growth is accelerating,” said Hidenobu Tokuda, a senior economist at Mizuho Research Institute (MRI) in Tokyo.
“This is good for now but it makes it difficult to see how China's economic slowdown will land in the future. Uncertainties remain high.”
BEIJING: China's economy expanded faster than expected in the first quarter as higher government infrastructure spending and a gravity-defying property boom helped boost industrial output by the most in over two years.
The growth of 6.9 percent was the fastest in six quarters, with forecast-beating March investment, retail sales and exports all suggesting the economy may carry solid momentum into spring.
But most analysts say the first quarter may be as good as it gets for China this year, and worry Beijing is still relying too heavily on stimulus and “old economy” growth drivers, primarily the steel industry and a property market that is showing signs of overheating.
“The Chinese government has a tendency to rely on infrastructure development to sustain growth in the long term,” economists at ANZ said in a note.
“The question we need to ask is whether this investment-led model is sustainable as the authorities have trouble taming credit. We need to watch closely whether China's top leadership will send a stronger signal to tighten monetary policy shortly.”
Even as top officials vowed to crack down on debt risks, China's total social financing, a broad measure of credit and liquidity in the economy, reached a record 6.93 trillion yuan ($1 trillion) in the first quarter — roughly equivalent to the size of Mexico's economy.
At the same time, spending by the central and local governments rose 21 percent from a year earlier. That helped goose the pace of growth in the first quarter well above the government's 2017 target of around 6.5 percent, and pipped economists' forecasts of 6.8 percent year-on-year.
Such a strong bolt from the gate could see Beijing once again meet its annual growth target, even if activity starts to fade later in the year, as many analysts widely expect.
“Main indicators were better than expected...which laid a good foundation for achieving the full-year growth goals,” statistics spokesperson Mao Shengyong said at a news conference.
Once again, China's policymakers leaned on infrastructure and real estate investment to drive expansion in the first quarter. Growth in both areas has accelerated from last year and helped offset slightly weaker growth in the services sector.
“Faster growth in industrial output is the primary factor in the first-quarter surprise, and due mostly to higher value-added growth related to supply-side consolidation in (the) heavy industry,” said Brian Jackson, China economist at IHS Global Insight.
Real estate investment also remained robust in the first quarter, expanding by 9.1 percent on-year, and the pace of new construction quickened despite intensifying government measures to cool soaring prices.
Most analysts agree the heated property market poses the single biggest risk to China's economic growth, but predict the cumulative weight of property curbs will eventually temper activity, not produce an outright crash.
“Sales have started falling, which means tightening measures are starting to take effect,” said Shen Jianguang, an analyst at Mizuho Securities in Hong Kong, noting that will start to drag on both the services and construction sectors.
More than 24 cities announced new or additional property cooling measures in March and early April after curbs late last year appeared to have little lasting effect.
Buoyed by a near 12 percent increase in housing starts, China produced a record amount of steel in March, Reuters data showed, though analysts say warning signs are flashing.
Rising inventory levels and recent falls in steel prices suggest output has been growing faster than China's actual demand, raising worries of a glut later in the year, which could heighten trade tensions with the US and its other major trading partners.
There were also positive signs on the consumer front in Monday's data dump. After slowing for five quarters, disposable income growth picked up to 7 percent in the first quarter, the fastest since the end of 2015.
March retail sales rebounded 10.9 percent on-year as consumers shelled out more for home appliances, furniture and decorations for new homes.
Auto sales also showed signs of recovering after weakening in the first two months of the year after the government reduced subsidies on small cars.
Analysts are closely watching for signs that consumption is accounting for a greater share of China's economy, which would not only make growth more resilient and broader based but also reduce the need for more debt-fueled stimulus and reliance on “smokestack” industries.
Though policymakers have pledged repeatedly to push reforms to head off financial risks and asset bubbles, the government is seeking to keep the economy on an even keel ahead of a major leadership transition in later this year.
China's central bank has gingerly shifted to a tightening policy bias in recent months and is using more targeted measures to contain risks in the financial system, after years of ultra-loose settings.
It has bumped up interest rates on money market instruments and special short- and medium-term loans several times already this year and further modest increases are expected, especially if US rates continue to rise.
“I think China should be directing the economy to slow down its growth in the long term...but on the contrary, growth is accelerating,” said Hidenobu Tokuda, a senior economist at Mizuho Research Institute (MRI) in Tokyo.
“This is good for now but it makes it difficult to see how China's economic slowdown will land in the future. Uncertainties remain high.”
For the first time, USA Network will air a one-hour NXT special at 7 p.m. ET /6 p.m. CT on Wednesday, Dec. 13. The show is part of WWE Holiday Week on the USA Network. The main event is the 15th annual WWE Tribute to the Troops on Thursday, Dec. 14. Pictured is NXT Superstar Velveteen Dream during a show in Miami. Photo By Jim Varsallone
New Doctor! New Tardis! New adventures! And a great big universe for Jodie Whittaker to explore…
Doctor Who fans have a long time to wait until the 2018 series, with the latter not set to air until autumn later this year – quite a slog until we properly meet Jodie Whittaker's new Doctor and their exciting Tardis team.
Advertisement
Until then, there's still a lot that remains a mystery about the episodes under the control of new showrunner Chris Chibnall, but in the meantime here's what we DO know about Doctor Who is a series 11.
This article will be updated regularly
What will happen in the new Doctor Who is a series?
At the moment the BBC is keeping its cards close to its chest, but we can assume the series will show the Doctor adjusting to their new form and personality, before jetting off for more adventures in time and space with their Tardis team.
According to rumours and set photos, one story will be set in segregation-era America and deal with the true story of Civil Rights icon Rosa Parks, while another will be set in the 17th century and centre on themes of witchcraft (probably including guest star Alan Cumming, below, as Stuart King James I).
Supposedly the new series will have a fairly even split between episodes set in the past, episodes set in the future and episodes on present-day Earth, with various storylines centring on Whittaker's companions' home town of Sheffield.
What will happen in Doctor Who is a series 11 episode 1?
At the moment plot details of the new series are a closely-guarded secret, but we may assume the first 60-minute episode will follow Whittaker's Doctor after they fall from the skies at the end of the 2017 Christmas special, explaining their survival and following their attempts to track down their newly-exploded Tardis.
The episode will probably also introduce their new companions Graham, Ryan and Yasmin, with the story rumoured to be set in Sheffield in a change from the London-centric series of recent years.
What is the new Doctor Who is a logo?
A brand-new logo for series 11 was unveiled by Whittaker at a BBC Worldwide showcase earlier recently, alongside a smaller “insignia” for the series. A brilliant orange gold, the new logo is certainly a contrast to what's come before and includes an intriguing stylised streak, striking through the opening “D” before re-emerging through the “H” and “O”.
At first glance the line seems to allude to the series' time travel roots (a literal timeline?) while also looking a little like a shooting star. Or maybe that trail is instead left by the Tardis itself, as suggested by a newly-released animation with music from British musician and sound artist Matthew Herbert. The video features the Doctor's time travel capsule bursting through a crystalline debris field to illuminate the new lettering.
The new logo was produced by creative agency Little Hawk, working closely with showrunner Chris Chibnall and executive producer Matt Strevens. The team also created a special “insignia” for the new series – check it out below.
“The Doctor Who is a logo and insignia are the quintessential signifier for the brand,” BBC Worldwide Executive Creative Director Rafaela Perera said.
“Our aim was to create modern and elegant designs that were anchored in the things that we love most about Doctor Who.”
All official Doctor Who merchandise featuring the new logo will be available at selected retailers from 20th February 2018.
How many episodes are there in the new Doctor Who is a series?
It's been confirmed that Doctor Who is a series 11 will have 10 episodes, a slight reduction from the 12-or-13 episode seasons fans have become used to (though more episodes in a year than we got during some of Matt Smith's Doctor Who tenure).
How long are the new Doctor Who episodes?
The first episode of series 11 will be 65 minutes long, while the subsequent adventures will take place over 50-minute instalments.
This is slightly longer than the usual 45-minute episodes Doctor Who has favoured since the series returned in 2005, so despite the shorter number of episodes in some ways we're getting more Who than ever this year.
Who plays the Doctor?
It seems unlikely you don't already know this if you're reading this article but just in case: Jodie Whittaker is the current and Thirteenth incarnation of time-travelling face-changing alien the Doctor, with Whittaker making history as the first female actor to play the role.
You can learn more about Whittaker and their new version of the Time Lord here.
What will the new Doctor wear?
There's no sign of Peter Capaldi's sonic glasses, but the new Time Lord's outfit includes deep blue trousers and socks, light brown braces and a black shirt with yellow, green and red stripes. And to top it off, the costume comes with a swish large grey coat (which may actually be blue, confusingly), with the same coloured stripe pattern on its edges. And check outthat earring! We can spot stars and a possible handshake symbol in there – how about you?
A far cry from the black hoody seen in Whittaker's announcement video, the outfit is a typically colourful and eccentric look for the Doctor – and it's chock-full of references and callbacks to previous Doctors, as we explain in more detail here.
For their first episode, though, we expect Whittaker will be stuck wearing Capaldi's old suit for a while, as has become the tradition in recent years.
Who will play the companions in the new Doctor Who is a series?
Meet the 13th Doctor's new friends! Yasmin (Mandip Gill), Ryan (Tosin Cole), and Graham (Bradley Walsh) #DoctorWho pic.twitter.com/6l9iVkvu0d — Doctor Who is a Official (@bbcdoctorwho) October 22, 2017
Jodie Whittaker's Doctor will have a lot of new faces joining them on their new adventures when they take over the Tardis, with long-rumoured companion Bradley Walsh joining the cast of Doctor Who in the role of Graham and newcomers Tosin Cole and Mandip Gill also enlisting in the Tardis crew as Ryan and Yasmin. Sharon D Clarke has also joined the series in a “returning role”.
“The new Doctor is going to need new friends,” showrunner Chris Chibnall said in a statement. We're thrilled to welcome Mandip, Tosin and Bradley to the Doctor Who family. They're three of Britain's brightest talents and we can't wait to see them dive into brand-new adventures with Jodie's Doctor. Alongside them, we're delighted that Sharon D Clarke is also joining the show.”
Jodie Whittaker said: “I am so excited to share this huge adventure with Mandip, Tosin and Bradley. It's a dream team!”
Bradley Walsh added: “I remember watching William Hartnell as the first Doctor. Black and white made it very scary for a youngster like myself. I was petrified but even though I'd watch most of it from behind the sofa through my fingers, I became a fan. I then queued up for ages to get into the Carlton picture house in Watford to watch the great Peter Cushing appear as the Doctor in a full length feature film made in glorious colour. Am I thrilled to be part of this whole groundbreaking new dawn for the Doctor?? Oh yes!”
Mandip Gill said: “I am over the moon to be joining the Doctor Who family. This is an iconic show with an amazing fanbase and I look forward to everything that brings. Certain roles seem unattainable and this is one of those, so much so I didn't believe it to be true for the first few weeks. To be working alongside the likes of Jodie, Bradley and my old friend Tosin is thrilling. This show is worlds away from the work I've done previously and that's the part that excites me the most.”
Tosin Cole said: “I'm grateful and excited to be a part of this journey with the team. I'm looking forward to jumping in this Doctor Who is a universe.”
What other actors will star in the new series?
While the BBC has remained tight-lipped about any upcoming guest stars, Alan Cumming recently revealed that he'd be playing James I in an upcoming episode, which is rumoured to involve a witchcraft storyline.
Would I Lie to You star and comedian Lee Mack also recently revealed that they have a small part in the new series, after lobbying Head Writer Chris Chibnall for a cameo.
Who will write the series?
Broadchurch creator Chris Chibnall is taking over the series from ex-Head Writer Steven Moffat, having previously written several episodes including The Power of Three, Dinosaurs on a Spaceship, 42 and Silurian two-parter The Hungry Earth/ Cold Blood. They were also the de facto Head Writer during the first two series of Who is a spin-off Torchwood, writing episodes including Day One, Cyberwoman, Countrycide, Kiss Kiss, Bang Bang and Exit Wounds.
It is assumed that Chibnall will write a number of episodes for the new series, with other screenwriters working on the series yet to be announced – however, it has been revealed that few if any of the new series' writers have worked on the series before, paving the way for plenty of fresh ideas.
Regular writers Mark Gatiss, Sarah Dollard and Jamie Mathieson have all said that they won't be back for the new series
What will the new series look like?
Apparently series 11 will be the most cinematic era of Doctor Who yet – at least when it comes to the cameras. According to trade magazine Broadcast, the production is being supplied with brand-new cameras and lenses which will give Doctor Who a razzle-dazzle upgrade.
To get technical for a moment, production house Films at 59, which supplies the BBC's Doctor Who studios in Roath Lock in Cardiff, is using Cooke anamorphic Prime lenses and Angenieux Optimo anamorphic zooms that will be used with Arri Alexa XT and Alex Mini cameras for series 11.
The intention is to bring an increased cinematic look to the show which started production at the end of October – and according to Bristol-based Films at 59's Dave Wride, this means a whole new visual feel to the show.
“The BBC have made a monumental leap here to enhance the look of Doctor Who and I'm sure the fans will not be disappointed with the distinctly cinematic results that this lens and camera combo will afford them,” they said.
Will there be a new Tardis?
There will indeed, and we've actually already seen it – a version of the new Tardis exterior can be seen in the first official shot of Jodie Whittaker in costume, with some variations in its colour and overall design.
We're also expecting a more extensive remodel of the Tardis interior following its destruction at the end of Twice Upon a Time, with the production team seeming to confirm the redesign in a video where they struck the 2013-2017 interior set for good.
Which monsters will appear in Doctor Who is a series 11?
Rumours abound that the Daleks will be back in action (though that's hardly a surprise), and we can almost certainly expect some other classic foes as well as some intriguing new enemies. Watch this space for more details.
Will there be a 2018 Doctor Who Christmas special?
Now here's an interesting one – in the official announcement about the new series' running time there was no mention of whether 2018 would also have the traditional Doctor Who Christmas special, which has been a hallmark of the sci-fi series since its return to TV in 2005.
Now, this could be for a number of reasons. In Doctor Who is a series past the Christmas special has sometimes been counted as the first episode of the series that followed it, meaning that it wouldn't have been included in the announcement of Whittaker's first run due to the fact that it TECHNICALLY isn't part of the same production series.
Alternatively, given the series' rumoured late start in the year (see below) it could be that one of the 10 episodes we already know about is actually the Christmas special, with the series running right up until the festive period.
Then again, it might be that the simplest answer is the correct one – that we haven't heard anything about a 2018 Doctor Who Christmas special because there isn't one this year. A cruel end to 2018 if so.
For our part, we think there probably is one – we've heard rumours to that effect – so watch this space for more information.
The official word at the moment is “autumn 2018” (also allowing for some cheeky “Fall” jokes referencing the Doctor's potentially terminal velocity), with rumours suggesting the Doctor will be back in action in late September or October.
A more exact date will be forthcoming in the next few months, but whatever the specifics we have a loonnnng while to wait until we see Doctor Who back in our lives again. Luckily, we have plenty to speculate about to keep us busy until then.
Advertisement
Doctor Who will return to BBC1 this autumn
WARSAW: Poland's freedom icon Lech Walesa on Wednesday vowed to join street protests against their country's right-wing government, currently being probed by the EU over perceived threats to the rule of law.
Walesa, a Nobel peace laureate and former president, also laid into Jaroslaw Kaczynski, the powerful boss of the governing Law and Justice (PiS) party who is widely regarded as Poland's de facto decision-maker.
Walesa has previously raised questions as to whether Kaczynski was seeking to turn Poland into “a dictatorship” through a series of reforms that critics allege have undermined democratic checks and balances.
“Given the increasingly impudent and harmful activity of the group supervised by Jaroslaw Kaczynski, I'm forced to take greater action,” Walesa wrote in a Wednesday post on their Facebook page.
“As of today, I'll participate in all rallies, protests and more,” Walesa added.
Walesa also told the WP.pl website that their decision to act was triggered by their “exasperation” over the arrest on Saturday of fellow communist-era dissident Wladyslaw Frasyniuk during a protest against Kaczynski and the PiS in Warsaw.
Frasyniuk and around 100 other arrested protesters were later released.
Since winning power in October 2015, the populist PiS administration has pushed through a string of reforms that critics say undermine the independence of the public broadcasters and the judiciary, including the Constitutional Tribunal.
The EU agreed in May to continue long drawn-out talks with Warsaw in a bid to stop its alleged breaches of the rule of law, backing away for now from threatening sanctions.
Kaczynski and other PiS politicians have brought up old allegations that Walesa collaborated with the communist secret police in the early 1970s, something the anti-communist firebrand has long denied.
Although both men fought Poland's communist regime, they later became bitter foes amid power struggles in the early years of Poland's democracy.
Shipyard electrician Walesa won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1983 for leading Solidarity, the Soviet bloc's only free trade union.
They became Poland's first democratically elected president after negotiating a bloodless end to communism for the country in 1989.
Poles in general have mixed feelings about Walesa. Their boldness in standing up to the communist regime is still widely respected, but the combative and divisive tone of their later presidency earned them scorn in many quarters.
WARSAW: Poland's freedom icon Lech Walesa on Wednesday vowed to join street protests against their country's right-wing government, currently being probed by the EU over perceived threats to the rule of law.
Walesa, a Nobel peace laureate and former president, also laid into Jaroslaw Kaczynski, the powerful boss of the governing Law and Justice (PiS) party who is widely regarded as Poland's de facto decision-maker.
Walesa has previously raised questions as to whether Kaczynski was seeking to turn Poland into “a dictatorship” through a series of reforms that critics allege have undermined democratic checks and balances.
“Given the increasingly impudent and harmful activity of the group supervised by Jaroslaw Kaczynski, I'm forced to take greater action,” Walesa wrote in a Wednesday post on their Facebook page.
“As of today, I'll participate in all rallies, protests and more,” Walesa added.
Walesa also told the WP.pl website that their decision to act was triggered by their “exasperation” over the arrest on Saturday of fellow communist-era dissident Wladyslaw Frasyniuk during a protest against Kaczynski and the PiS in Warsaw.
Frasyniuk and around 100 other arrested protesters were later released.
Since winning power in October 2015, the populist PiS administration has pushed through a string of reforms that critics say undermine the independence of the public broadcasters and the judiciary, including the Constitutional Tribunal.
The EU agreed in May to continue long drawn-out talks with Warsaw in a bid to stop its alleged breaches of the rule of law, backing away for now from threatening sanctions.
Kaczynski and other PiS politicians have brought up old allegations that Walesa collaborated with the communist secret police in the early 1970s, something the anti-communist firebrand has long denied.
Although both men fought Poland's communist regime, they later became bitter foes amid power struggles in the early years of Poland's democracy.
Shipyard electrician Walesa won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1983 for leading Solidarity, the Soviet bloc's only free trade union.
They became Poland's first democratically elected president after negotiating a bloodless end to communism for the country in 1989.
Poles in general have mixed feelings about Walesa. Their boldness in standing up to the communist regime is still widely respected, but the combative and divisive tone of their later presidency earned them scorn in many quarters.
Last night my car was broken into.
Last night my car was broken into.
Not a stellar moment for 2016, which has been sadly lacking in stellar moments altogether, but one that perhaps sums up the dying moments of a year that has been extremely trying.
I could at this point witter on about celebrity deaths, Brexit, Trump and all the other little 2016 treats.
But in essence, few will have spent New Year's Eve mourning the passing of the 12 months in which the words clickbait, skronk and scrumdiddlyumptious entered the Oxford English dictionary for the first time.
In fact having my pride and joy (pictured, me in it) entered by bungling criminals (who were welcome to the six month old fry, hair-coated extra strong mint and 50p ice scraper they encountered) may go down as my memorable moment of the year.
Not just because I became a victim of crime.
But because I learned I am also the have-a-go type of furious homeowner who casts aside personal safety for the sake of an ageing sat nav and hundreds of bags for life in the boot.
I had no fear for the car as stealing my particular model is virtually impossible and it immobilised all on its own (well done, clever car).
However, awoken from the deep depths of a dream by the wailing and beeping urgency of the alarm, it took me about five and a half seconds to get my coat and slippers on, charge out for the front doors and run like a crazy lady into the street in pyjamas and with mad hair at half past midnight.
Sadly, alerted by my house lights and scared off by the piercing shrieks (not me, the car), the culprits fled empty-handed, leaving doors and windows wide open, so I wasn't forced to fight them off single-handedly, which on reflection was probably for the best.
I do have a reluctant admiration for them admittedly – last year I locked my keys in the car and it took two locksmiths seven hours to spring them free.
So I got off this particular experience pretty lightly – well, so the police tell me – I survived as most of us (celebrity icons excluded) survived 2016.
So instead of reviewing miseries of 2016, we should celebrate the fresh new arrival.
Have a scrumdiddlyumptious 2017.
They walked it off, he's a hockey player. Side note: THIS GUY IS 55 YEARS OLD!!!
Tom is in London filming Mission Impossible 58 (or 59, lost track).  They are known for not using a stunt double which is admirable, but the dude isn't getting any younger.
The order bans all transactions happening in the US related to "any digital currency, digital coin, or digital token, that was issued by, for, or on behalf of the Government of Venezuela on or after January 9, 2018" -- aka, the petro. Maduro had said that about 100 million tokens of the cryptocurrency would be released, which combined to be worth around $6 billion.
The specificity implies this measure specifically blocks the petro's used to circumvent US sanctions against Venezuela, but the government has been cracking down on cryptocurrency crime this year. Regulators have been charging fraudsters and scammers, but they still don't have an overall approach nailed down, resolving to warn Congress about the risks cryptocoins pose to investors and the financial system.
A FATHER was cleared of an assault charge after they were accused of slapping their 10-year-old son while trying to separate two brothers who had been fighting.
Limerick District Court heard that the incident happened at their home in the city, while they had supervised access to their children on July 24, 2016.
A DVD of the interview with the alleged injured party at Henry Street garda station on December 3, 2016, was shown in the courthouse. Gda Carmel O'Sullivan, the specialist interviewer, said to the boy, aged 10: “The last time we met, we talked a little bit about something. This is your time to talk, so tell me about that.”
The boy replied: “Me and [my brother] were fighting and I knocked their glasses off, and then my dad grabbed me by the arm like this and slapped me. And they got really angry.”
A female witness, who was supervising access, made a statement to the gardai on November 12, 2016. They said the couch on which the father and sons were sitting was facing back to them while they were in the kitchen.
They said that when the father, aged in their 40s, tried to separate the two boys, they put the alleged injured party up against the wall and “lashed out with theirs hand”.
Defending solicitor Darach McCarthy said: “Would you accept that my client would have had a better view of what happened?” to which they replied: “I am sure they had, yes.”
Mr McCarthy said that their client said that the glasses were “kicked off”, but the witness said they were not kicked off.
The court heard that the alleged injured party was trying to “make a dash” for their brother while they had been separated.
“What do you think the purpose of the slap was?” Mr McCarthy asked the witness.
“To stop them from going back to [his brother],” they replied.
“If that is the case, is that unreasonable?” they asked
“It was unreasonable,” they replied.
Mr McCarthy said that if it was the case that the father did so “to stop them from going near their brother, then that is crucial to all of this”.
The court heard that the father allegedly slapped the boy on the left hand. Mr McCarthy said that the boy indicated their right hand in the DVD. They told the judge that they were not going to cross-examine the boy.
Gda Niamh Keogh said that the accused made a statement at Mayorstone garda station on December 31, 2016 and denied the allegation of assault.
In an interview with gardai, they said access to children had started “normally, no issues” but then had to “immediately separate the children” after the boy kicked their brother in the head.
During cross-examination, the father said that they were playing Fifa 16 with their son when the alleged injured party came from behind the couch and “launched a kick” at their brother. They said that they had to separate the two brothers by putting one arm on each. They told Judge Marian O'Leary that they “was kicked and pushed” by the alleged injured party.
“It was very violent and I was very concerned.”
Mr McCarthy said it was a “self-defence issue” but Insp Helen Costelloe told the court there was not sufficient evidence to uphold that defence.
Insp Costelloe said to the father: “I do put it to you that you did react angrily, and you did so by grabbing [him] and slapping them with your hand.”
The father described their son as a “strong boy” and that “you can't just say ‘stop', you had to separate them”.
The father told the court: “I didn't hit my son, and that is my evidence for life.”
Mr McCarthy said there was no sufficient evidence for an assault allegation.
“What one might determine to be assault, might be a restraint.”
Judge Marian O'Leary dismissed the case.
Please note that although the UK cinema release date schedule on Film Dates.co.uk is updated regularly, a release date can change at very short notice. Usually the closer a film is to its release date, the less likely its release date (and any other information) will change.
Film Dates.co.uk is also not responsible for the content of any external website. The links are provided "as is" with no warranty, express or implied, for the information provided within them.
Last update was at 08:09 11th December 2017
Kat Moon faces the wrath of Walford's residents in EastEnders next week when the locals turn on them following the elaborate hoax that had everyone convinced they were dead.
Advertisement
Clearly she's not met their maker and is very much alive and well, but they and the rest of the Slater clan have got a lot of explaining to do as they deal with the fallout of Big Mo's claim their granddaughter had died, only for them to turn up during their own wake at the Queen Vic.
Desperate to make amends with the incredulous community, the family fume when they find out Mo is in deeper than they realised and has resorted to drastic measures to raise the money they need to get themselves out of their latest scrape.
Next Thursday, Stacey Fowler urges their neighbours to hear them out and arranges to tell them everything at the pub that night. But it's going to take a lot for the feisty gang of females to be forgiven, and it could be Stacey and Kat who have to stoop as low as Mo to restore order to the Slater household.
Despite the disharmony, Stacey is secretly pleased they have their family around them again when their mum Jean announces in Friday's episode she's deciding to stay in Walford. But it sounds like that's where the happiness ends for now…
So what exactly is Mo playing at? Was Kat in on their dodgy scheme? How does cousin Hayley fit in? And how long will the Slaters be public enemy number one?
You can watch our exclusive review show A Week in Walford below.
Advertisement
Visit our dedicated EastEnders page for all the latest news, interviews and spoilers.
With the preseason picking up and only 28 days left til the start of the regular season, rosters are being fine tuned and evaluated to the highest degree. The New Orleans Saints have some huge battles going on in across their entire defense notably in the secondary. Competition might lighten up due to recent news.
Nick Underhill of The Advocate is reporting the Saints are shopping cornerback Delvin Breaux.
The Saints are shopping Delvin Breaux, per source. They're frustrated with their injury history over the last three years. — Nick Underhill (@nick_underhill) August 14, 2017
Born and raised in New Orleans, Breaux they have amassed three interceptions, 20 pass deflections and accounted for 66 tackles in their two years with the Saints.
Breaux got their start in arena football and then they would go on to be an all-star in the Canadian Football League playing for the Hamilton Tiger Cats. They signed with the Saints in 2015.
The Saints seem to have grown frustrated with the number of injuries he's accumulated over such a short period of time. They sat out 10 games last season with a broken leg and a shoulder injury. They have been out a large portion of this training camp with a leg contusion, missing eight days of training camp to this point.
By my count, Breaux has eight missed on-field sessions: DNP Days 5-7, 10-14. They were on the field in pads Days 8-9, but didn't do much. https://t.co/TRKk7ICerd — Herbie Teope (@HerbieTeope) August 14, 2017
The Saints have reportedly received interest in Breaux from other teams.
PARRY SOUND — Here are some of the fun events happening throughout Parry Sound region this weekend, June 2 and 3. Click on the links for more details. For more events across Parry Sound district, visit our events page.
Saturday, June 2
Parry Sound Horticultural Society plant sale — Shoppers are advised to be early for the best selection.
MacTier Railroad Heritage Society Garage Sale — Lots of treasures and unique finds, while helping to support a local organization.
Eastern Georgian Bay Stewardship Council Fish Habitat Presentation — The flight attendantship council will hold two presentations on their fish habitat work and restoration project.
StopGap Foundation launch and lunch party — Free barbecue and celebration for the ramp project to bring affordable accessibility to businesses in town.
Sunday, June 3
Bow and Arrows Maintenance clinic — Parry Sound Anglers and Hunters Archery group will host a Bow and Arrows Maintenance clinic at the club house. Everyone is welcome.
To post an event, register or login on our website at the top right of the homepage, then go to our events page and click on “Post your event.”
Buffalo Wild Wings is getting gobbled up by Arby's Buffalo Wing Wings' stock was on fire after it said Tuesday it was getting acquired by Arby's for $2.4 billion. Shares of the beer-and-wings chain surged as much as 6.5...
Arby's new 'Bambi burger' is disgusting I've finally tasted horse-meat hell — or at least something like it. I've never eaten the actual flesh of a thoroughbred — nor of a rhinoceros. But the new Arby's...
Arby's is the latest fast food chain to storm back to Manhattan After years of losing ground to Chipotle and other hot fast-casual chains, fast food is mounting a comeback in the Big Apple. Arby's, the 3,400-unit, Atlanta-based sandwich chain, is the...
Arby's fires manager, suspends clerk after refusing to serve cop The Arby's fast food chain announced late Thursday that it had fired a Florida restaurant manager and suspended a clerk after a female police officer said they had been denied...
Arby's apologizes for refusing to serve cop A Florida police department had a beef with Arby's after a cop was denied service Tuesday evening by a worker at the fast-food franchise — simply because the customer was...
16 times Jon Stewart trashed Arby's on 'The Daily Show' On Thursday, Jon Stewart will host their final episode of “The Daily Show,” the Comedy Central talk show they have hosted for more than 16 years and helped make must-watch...
2014's most viral hashtags explained Phew! It sure was a big year for the #internet. We've already taken a look at 2014's worst social media blunders and most important selfies, not to mention the amazing...
Kilmarnock lost 2-0 to Celtic at Rugby Park earlier this season
BBC coverage
How to follow: Listen on BBC Radio Scotland 810MW/DAB/online; text commentary on the BBC Sport website
Kilmarnock have fitness doubts over midfielders Alan Power and Chris Burke before Saturday's lunchtime visit of Scottish Premiership leaders Celtic.
New recruits Aaron Tshibola and Aaron Simpson come into the squad and either Leo Fasan or Jasko Keranovic will be goalkeeper back-up to Jamie MacDonald.
New signings Jack Hendry and Scott Bain are included in Celtic's squad.
But they are missing eight injured players including Craig Gordon, Leigh Griffiths and Stuart Armstrong.
Marvin Compper, Jonny Hayes, Tom Rogic, Anthony Ralston and Patrick Roberts also remain out.
MATCH STATS
Kilmarnock is on a 16-game winless streak against Celtic in the top flight, last beating them 2-0 at Celtic Park in October 2012, but they drew 1-1 in Glasgow in October.
Celtic are unbeaten in their past 13 trips to Rugby Park.
No player has had a hand in more goals in the Scottish Premiership this season than Celtic's Scott Sinclair, who has nine goals and four assists.
Kilmarnock have won their past three home league games and have not won four in a row at home in the top flight since October 2014.
PRE-MATCH VIEWS:
New Kilmarnock midfielder Aaron Tshibola could face former Aston Villa team-mate Scott Sinclair if they make their debut against Celtic.
"He was actually my room-mate at Aston Villa," said Tshibola. "I know Scotty quite well and it will be good to see them again. We have kept in touch.
"I didn't really speak to them too much before coming up here but I'm obviously aware of what Scotty's achieved here. He's a great player and a great person so I'm happy for him.
"He's a very experienced player and he's achieved a lot. I have gained a fair amount from the small time I was with them at Aston Villa."
Celtic boss Brendan Rodgers: "Jack Hendry is ready to play. They have played in different systems at Dundee and as a young player they were a right winger, interestingly enough.
"He is still developing but I would have no hesitation in putting them in.
"Stevie [Clarke] has done an excellent job at Kilmarnock. They have them set up deep, they defend really deep and deny you space, especially in the final third of the pitch.
"They play narrow so you have to be patient. They have got them very well organised, very tight and brought in some different players so it will be a tough game for us."
DENVER — This was the way the Denver Broncos thought they'd play against that other New York team all those months ago.
“This is the kind of game we expected to play against everyone, not just New York,” Shane Ray said after the Broncos snapped their longest losing streak since joining the NFL in 1970 with a 23-0 shutout of the Jets on Sunday. “Everybody that we play, we should beat them like this. Period. We just haven't been able to find that formula.”
Until Sunday.
Their skid began with a shocking 23-10 loss at home to the then-winless Giants, one of seven double-digit losses during a losing streak that cost offensive co-ordinator Mike McCoy their job and put rookie head coach Vance Joseph on the hot seat.
It was the Broncos' first win in 70 days.
“It feels like 100 years,” declared quarterback Trevor Siemian, who hooked up with Demaryius Thomas eight times for 93 yards and a touchdown as the Broncos (4-9) avoided tying their franchise futility record of nine consecutive losses set way back in 1967.
The all-round dominance left Joseph wondering where that team had been.
“Somewhat, but we knew if we played clean football, it could look like that,” Joseph said. “… Our defence can be a difference if we're in the football game.”
Of the 480 minutes of game clocking during their eight-game losing streak, the Broncos had led a mere 12 minutes, 36 seconds and they came into the game with 16 more turnovers than takeaways. They were plus-2 Sunday.
The Broncos' first shutout since Nov. 20, 2005, a 27-0 win over the Jets, was fueled by a defence that held the Jets in check all afternoon.
Coming off a big win over the Chiefs in which they scored 38 points and had over 500 yards of offence, the Jets (5-8) were limited to just 100 yards — 59 on the ground and 41 through the air — by a defence missing injured linemen Domata Peko and Derek Wolfe.
Jets quarterback Josh McCown was knocked from the game twice by hard hits, including a clean shot by Ray in the third quarter that left McCown with a broken left hand and fighting back tears at the postgame podium.
McCown finished just 6 of 12 for 46 yards, and their replacement, Bryce Petty was 2 of 9 for 14 yards.
After Denver's opening drive resulted in a 31-yard field goal by Brandon McManus, Denver's defence took over. On the Jets' third snap of their first possession, linebacker Brandon Marshall sliced through for a strip sack and defensive end Adam Gotsis recovered McCown's fumble at the Jets 20-yard line.
Two plays later, Siemian hit Thomas for the 20-yard score, giving Denver its first double-digit lead since Oct. 1 against Oakland, the date of their last victory.
McManus added a 53-yarder just before halftime that gave the Broncos a 13-0 lead heading into the locker room, and fullback Andy Janovich bulled their way in from the 1 to make it 20-0 before McManus capped the scoring with a 40-yard field goal.
“I don't know what happened,” Jets tight end Austin Seferian-Jenkins said after catching just one pass for a single yard. “This week, we were the worst offence. We played terrible. We didn't do our jobs. It was embarrassing, frustrating and it's on all of us. I don't know what to say.”
Down the hallway, the Broncos finally had something to celebrate.
“It's been a long time coming,” Aqib Talib said. “We were due for a win. We ain't THAT bad.”
MOVIN' ON UP: Thomas' TD catch was the 56th of their career, surpassing Hall of Fame tight end Shannon Sharpe for second in franchise history. Wide receiver Rod Smith's 68 TD receptions are the most all-time.
“I challenged our guys last night, all of our team leaders to play better football. And they came out and they played inspired football,” Joseph said of Thomas, who received a game ball, as did the entire defence.
TERRIFIC TAYLOR: The Broncos finally benched rookie punt returner Isaiah McKenzie for good after they returned from their first benching last week only to fumble for the sixth time, this one for a safety in a loss at Miami.
So, they went back to Jordan Taylor, who had done nothing wrong for two weeks to get supplanted by McKenzie, and they rewarded them by returning five punts for 62 yards Sunday, an average of 12.4 yards.
That helped give the Broncos great field position all afternoon.
“Aside from D.T., Jordan Taylor's the MVP of the game,” Siemian said.
INJURIES: Jets running back Elijah McGuire (ankle) and long snapper Thomas Hennessy (head) were knocked out of the game in the first half.
The Broncos lost starting safety Justin Simmons to an ankle injury in the first quarter and they were replaced by Will Parks. Inside linebacker Todd Davis was evaluated for a possible concussion in the fourth quarter, and safety Jamal Carter (left shoulder) also was knocked from the game.
——
Follow Arnie Melendrez Stapleton on Twitter: http://twitter.com/arniestapleton
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
OTTAWA — Federal officials have rejected requests from more than 1,500 organizations for funding through the government's premier summer jobs program, a 12-fold increase since the Liberals added new criteria for funding that have drawn the ire of faith-based groups.
Last year, the government rejected 126 applications for a variety of reasons, such as not meeting funding requirements or missing details on their forms.
This year, officials have rejected 1,561 applications for the same reasons, but also for objecting to the wording of a new declaration that required jobs to be funded, as well as the main activities of groups themselves, to respect reproductive rights.
The government said it added the requirement in response to concerns officials heard that funding through the popular jobs program had gone towards paying for students to protest outside abortion clinics or create and distribute graphic anti-abortion pamphlets.
The Tories are trying to put political heat on the government over the decision during debate today in the House of Commons, hoping to press the Liberals into backing down from the policy.
Labour Minister Patty Hajdu says young people are counting on the government to stand up for their rights and ensure the program funds groups that respect the rights of all Canadians.
They say the government still believes it is on track to fund some 70,000 student jobs this summer, since the number of eligible applications their department received is almost identical to last year.
Staff at Preston's university shop is spreading festive cheer by taking in presents for needy youngsters.
The UCLan In the City Shop' in Lune Street is being used to encourage the public to drop off gifts suitable for young people up to the age of 18, which will be handed out to disadvantaged children in Lancashire ready for Christmas Day.
The appeal is part of the Rock FM Cash for Kids: Mission Christmas charity.
UCLan's vice-chancellor, Professor Mike Thomas, joined children from the university's Pre-School Centre in the shop to drop off their own present and take part in festive crafts.
Professor Thomas said: “The people of Preston have, as always, been generous in donating extra gifts to the Cash for Kids Christmas appeal and I'm delighted that UCLan can once again play a part in linking the local community and the University with such a deserving charity.”
Saskia Gregory, joint officer in charge of UCLan Pre-School, added: “All of the children had a lovely time making Christmas crafts in the shop and generally getting in the mood for Christmas.”
People can drop off presents at UCLan's ‘In the City' shop until tomorrow, Wednesday. It is open today from 10.00am – 3.00pm and Wednesday 11.00am – 1.30pm.
Get the Better newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
If you like to travel but don't have travel rewards credit card, it might be a good time to get one and start earning points toward free flights and hotel stays. When used wisely, these rewards cards can stretch your travel budget, so you can visit more places, extend vacations or upgrade accommodations.
Bill Hardekopf, CEO of LowCards.com, says the bonuses on all rewards, especially travel rewards cards, are very good right now, as credit card issuers compete for market share.
“It's always a competitive business, but when people are spending, credit card issuers know that they have to work harder to get a share of your wallet — to have you reach for their credit card before the others you have. And that's why they try to sweeten the rewards,” Hardekopf told NBC News BETTER.
NerdWallet, a financial advice website, analyzed nine popular travel rewards credit cards based on typical spending patterns and found:
The average American could earn $227 a year in bonus travel — after accounting for annual fees — by using one of these cards.
The rewards could be significantly more — an average of $901 — during the first year. This higher figure includes a sign-up bonus (available on many cards right now) and removes the annual fee (which is often waived the first year).
Most travel rewards cards offer a generous sign-up bonus: You'll get extra points for spending a certain amount of money — typically $1,000 to $5,000 — on that card in the first three months. For the nine top travel rewards credit cards NerdWallet analyzed, the average sign-up bonus was worth $450 in rewards after accounting for first-year annual fees. Right now, the sign-up point bonuses on two highly-rated cards are significantly higher:
Chase Sapphire Preferred: $625 value
Capital One Venture Rewards: $500 value
You can learn about the benefits and drawbacks of the cards examined in the NerdWallet study: Best Travel Rewards Credit Cards of 2018.
You should apply for a rewards card at least five months before a planned trip, NerdWallet suggests. That gives you time to earn the sign-up bonus, points you can use to buy your plane ticket or free nights at your hotel.
The Temptation to Overspend
Reward cards can encourage spending that leads to budget-busting behavior.
About one-third of those with travel rewards card (34 percent) say they often overspend to earn points for a trip, according to a NerdWallet nationwide survey. This was more common for millennials (50 percent) as compared with Gen Xers (37 percent) and baby boomers (19 percent).
In fact, 10 percent of those who don't have travel rewards card say it's because they're concerned they would overspend just to earn more rewards.
A valid concern, but for those who can fight the temptation and stick to their budget, “travel rewards card will save them money over time, as rewards will reduce what they spend out of pocket for travel,” NerdWallet report noted.
They're Not for Everyone
To qualify for a credit card with the most generous rewards — whether cash-back or travel — you'll need good to excellent credit, typically a score of 700 or higher.
Don't even consider a rewards card unless you pay your credit card bill in full each month.
“If you're carrying a balance on your credit card each month, any benefits you earn are quickly erased by what you're paying in interest and fees,” NerdWallet's credit card expert Kimberly Palmer told NBC News BETTER.
NerdWallet ran the numbers. Make the minimum payment each month and the interest charges will:
Outweigh the value of the sign-up bonus after five months
Wipe out your total first-year value after seven months
Do you pay on time? With some rewards cards, you'll lose a month's points if you miss a payment, Consumer Reports cautions in its Best Reward Card Buying Guide. To get those points back in your account, you might be charged a reinstatement fee of $25 or so.
Most of the top-rated travel rewards cards have an annual fee, typically $95, that is waived for the first year. After that, these cards can cost you money, if you don't make enough purchases to earn a decent amount of points.
If you're carrying a balance on your credit card each month, any benefits you earn are quickly erased by what you're paying in interest and fees If you're carrying a balance on your credit card each month, any benefits you earn are quickly erased by what you're paying in interest and fees
The Bank of America Travel Rewards card, a NerdWallet top pick, has no fee.
“If you're a relatively modest spender, it can be a good card for you because it has a pretty low threshold,” said Palmer said. “You only have to spend a thousand dollars within the first 90 days of opening the card to get that sign-up bonus worth about $200.”
At the other end of the spectrum: The American Express Platinum Card ($550 annual fee) and the Chase Sapphire Reserve ($450) are designed for road warriors. Much of their value is in the perks.
For example, with the Platinum card you get an annual credit of $200 for airline fees and an Uber credit of up to $200, plus access to more than a thousand airport lounges worldwide. Both cards reimburse the application fee for TSA PreCheck ($85) and Global Entry ($100).
Another option: If you tend to favor one airline or hotel chain, consider getting a credit card co-branded with that airline or hotel. Jill Gonzales, senior analyst at WalletHub, says these co-branded cards have some money-saving perks that are going to be “a lot more lucrative to you” than one of the general-use travel cards.
The best airline and hotel rewards cards offer big sign-up bonuses and discount vouchers on the anniversary of opening the account. Airline cards typically have two important perks: priority boarding and free luggage check for the first bag — a savings of up to $200 per round trip for a family of four.
Decisions, Decisions
Credit cards are not one-size fits all. Rewards cards are specifically targeted at various segments of the market. To find the one that's right for you, you'll need to compare reward structure, annual fee, interest rate, sign-up bonus and other perks.
Here are some resources that can make the process easier.
More Ways to Save
Want more tips like these? NBC News BETTER is obsessed with finding easier, healthier and smarter ways to live. Sign up for our newsletter and follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
By Robyn Collins
Britney Spears plans to continue their Las Vegas residency after the mass shooting at the Route 91 Harvest Festival.
Related: Britney Spears Shares Fashion Week Runway Show from Home
Spears posted a message to their social media accounts letting fans know that the show must go on. “We'll get through this together. See you Wednesday,” they wrote adding the hashtag #VegasStrong.
Spears will be performing their Britney: Piece of Me residency at Planet Hollywood through December.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
St Helens have announced earning of £10,000 for the year ending October 31 2016.
The earnings are before interest, taxation, depreciation and amortisation.
Chairman Eamonn McManus said: “This is a satisfactory financial performance given the fact that we were knocked out of the Challenge Cup at the first round and that the first half of the season witnessed a dip in performance levels and results.
“We continue to supplement rugby related revenues with other sources emanating from our new stadium facility.
“Changes in the salary cap formula and structure have enabled us to further strengthen the squad for 2017 and it is now all the more important that rugby performances and results improve to enable us to obtain an appropriate investment return.
“The indications at present are all positive and we look forward to the future with confidence.”
N5.7 billion Fraud: Court remands ex-Katsina governor in EFCC custody
The former governor is standing trial for allegedly misappropriating about N5.7 billion SURE-P funds during their tenure.
The post N5.7 billion Fraud: Court remands ex-Katsina governor in EFCC custody appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Premium Times Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Charlie Culberson belts a two-run home run to left in the 9th inning, giving the Braves the walk-off win with their first homer of the season
"Honestly, the heart attack was the best thing that ever happened to me," said Smith, who later noted that they were a "wake-and-baker" (a term for people smoke marijuana shortly after waking up) and felt great despite being awake since 5 a.m.
"It makes sense because I had 100 percent blockage in the LAD [left anterior descending], the big artery, the widow-maker," said Smith in their first television interview since the potentially deadly coronary.
"It didn't feel like I was having a heart attack. [I] didn't recognize it was happening. But as they went inside me, opened up that vein, suddenly I breathed and felt a world better," Smith went on to say.
In the days after the heart attack, Smith was advised by their general practitioner to lose 50 pounds and lower their cholesterol by following a plant-based diet. They say they have since lost 32 pounds and plans to lose more weight in the near future. They credit a potato-based diet touted in magician Penn Jillette's book "Presto!" for the weight loss.
PORT ST. LUCIE, Fla. — That well-chronicled free-agent class of the 2018-19 offseason is getting ever closer and just might be the greatest ever. Or it might not be quite...
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading
U.S. first lady Melania Trump reads 'Party Animals' by Kathy Lee Gifford during the 139th Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn of the White House. Getty Images U.S. President Donald Trump salutes a member of the military who had just sung the U.S. national anthem as they stand with a performer in an Easter Bunny costume at the White House Easter Egg Roll on the Truman Balcony of the White House. Reuters A young boy follows a sumo wrestler as they walk past spectators in a compound of Yasukuni Shrine in Tokyo. Getty Images Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan speaks during a news conference in Istanbul, Turkey. Reuters Soap bubbles float past St Paul's Cathedral in central London, Britain. Reuters An early morning runner passes the shadow of the Washington Monument in the reflecting pool on the National Mall during a light drizzle in Washington. AP Boston Marathon women's division winner Edna Kiplagat, of Kenya, and men's division winner Geoffrey Kirui, also of Kenya, hold the trophy during the 121st Boston Marathon in Boston, Massachusetts. Reuters Service towers move towards the Soyuz MS-04 spacecraft lifted on the launch pad at the Russian-leased Baikonur cosmodrome in Kazakhstan. Getty Images A Palestinian protester jumps near burning tyres during clashes with Israeli security forces following a demonstration in the West Bank town of Bethlehem to show their support for Palestinians imprisoned in Israeli jails after hundreds of detainees launched a hunger strike. Getty Images A man dressed in traditional costumes pours water over woman as part of Easter celebrations in the village of Strelniky, central Slovakia. Getty Images Volunteer and steam enthusiast David Shrubb stokes and controls steam engine 'Big John' which dates from 1906 and provides steam to several fairground rides at Hollycoombe steam fair in Liphook, England. Getty Images Soldiers salute as their national anthem is played during a military parade to celebrate the 105th birth anniversary of Kim Il Sung, in Pyongyang, North Korea. AP Ad Up Next 21 Photos NYC celebrates Easter in style 0:0 12 View Slideshow Back Continue Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
LinkedIn
WhatsApp
Email
Copy
Advertisement The day in photos: April 17, 2017 More Share This Gallery Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
LinkedIn
WhatsApp
Email
Copy
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
LinkedIn
WhatsApp
Email
Copy
Sign Up / Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *}
Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *}{* /userInformationForm *}
Sign Up / Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account {* loginWidget *}
Sign Up / Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *}{* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account
Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy . {* /registrationForm *}
Create a new password Forgot
Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *}
Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password.
Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* mergeAccounts *}
{* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
LOS ANGELES — A powerful flare-up on the western edge of Southern California's largest and most destructive wildfire sent residents fleeing Sunday, as wind-fanned flames churned through old-growth brush in canyons and along hillsides toward coastal towns.
Crews with help from a fleet water-dropping planes and helicopters saved homes as unpredictable gusts sent the blaze deeper into residential foothill areas northwest of Los Angeles that haven't burned in decades. New evacuations were ordered as the fire sent up an enormous plume near Montecito and Carpinteria, seaside areas in Santa Barbara County that had been under fire threat for days and were now choked with smoke.
“The winds are kind of squirrely right now,” said county fire spokesperson Mike Eliason. “Some places the smoke is going straight up in the air, and others it's blowing sideways. Depends on what canyon we're in.”
The department posted a photo of one residence engulfed in flames. It's unclear whether other structures burned. Thousands of homes and businesses in the county were without power.
The air thick with acrid smoke, even residents of areas not under evacuation orders took the opportunity to leave, fearing another shutdown of U.S. 101, a key coastal highway that was closed intermittently last week. Officials handed out masks to residents who stayed behind in Montecito, the wealthy hillside enclave that's home to celebrities such as Oprah Winfrey, Jeff Bridges and Rob Lowe.
“Our house is under threat of being burned,” Ellen DeGeneres tweeted at midday Sunday. “We just had to evacuate our pets. I'm praying for everyone in our community and thankful to all the incredible firefighters.”
A few miles to the west, Santa Barbara Zoo was closed to the public and its 500 animals confined to their night quarters all day. The zoo was just outside the evacuation area, but smoke and ash blew through the 30-acre property.
Firefighters made significant progress Saturday on other fronts of the enormous fire that started Dec. 4 in neighboring Ventura County. As containment increased on other major blazes in Los Angeles, Riverside and San Diego counties, resources from those fires were diverted to the Santa Barbara foothills.
Forecasters said Santa Ana winds that whipped fires across the region last week would continue in some areas at least through Monday.
A lack of rain has officials on edge statewide because of parched conditions and no end in sight to the typical fire season.
“This is the new normal,” Gov. Jerry Brown warned Saturday after surveying damage from the deadly Ventura fire. “We're about ready to have firefighting at Christmas. This is very odd and unusual.”
High fire risk is expected to last into January and the governor and experts said climate change is making it a year-round threat.
Overall, the fires have destroyed about 800 homes and other buildings, killed dozens of horses and forced more than 200,000 people to flee flames that have burned over 270 square miles (700 square kilometers) since Dec. 4. One death, so far, a 70-year-old woman who crashed their car on an evacuation route, is attributed to the fire in Santa Paula, a small city where the fire began.
The Ventura County blaze also continued to burn into rugged mountains in the Los Padres National Forest near the little town of Ojai and toward a preserve established for endangered California condors.
Ojai experienced hazardous levels of smoke at times and officials warned of unhealthy air for large swaths of the region. The South Coast Air Quality Management District urged residents to stay indoors if possible and avoid vigorous outdoor activities.
As fires burned in Ventura and Los Angeles counties, firefighters were already in place north of San Diego on Thursday when a major fire erupted and rapidly spread in the Fallbrook area, known for its avocado groves and horse stables in the rolling hills.
The fire swept through the San Luis Rey Training Facility, where it killed more than 40 elite thoroughbreds and destroyed more than 100 homes — most of them in a retirement community. Three people were burned trying to escape the fire that continued to smolder Sunday.
Most of last week's fires were in places that burned in the past, including one in the ritzy Los Angeles neighborhood of Bel-Air that burned six homes and another in the city's rugged foothills above the community of Sylmar and in Santa Paula.
Coconut Grove's one-of-a-kind King Mango Strut didn't disappoint in 2016.
How will history remember Fidel Castro?
Former Opa Locka commissioner Santiago leaves federal court
Witness speaks about shootout on South Beach
Federal medical marijuana patient champions drug's use
Jose Fernandez's last interview
1:32
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court ruled Tuesday that thousands of victims of terrorist attacks overseas cannot sue a foreign bank under a U.S. law dating from the 1700s.
By a 5-4 vote, the court refused to revive lawsuits, dismissed by the lower courts, that sought to hold Arab Bank, which is headquartered in Jordan, responsible for attacks against foreign nationals in the Middle East. More than 6,000 survivors and relatives of those killed in the West Bank and Gaza claimed that officials of the bank were complicit in the attacks.
Beginning in 2004, the victims filed a series of lawsuits accusing the bank of helping to finance Hamas and other terror organizations. The legal action was filed in the U.S. and aimed at Arab Bank through its branch in New York. The lead plaintiff in the case before the Supreme Court, Joseph Jesner, lost their 19-year-old son to a suicide bombing in Tel Aviv.
The lawsuits invoked one of the first laws ever passed by Congress, the Alien Tort Statute of 1789, known as ATS, intended to be a forum for resolving claims of piracy. But Tuesday's ruling said the law did not allow lawsuits of the kind filed by the terror victims.
"Absent further action from Congress, it would be inappropriate for courts to extend ATS liability to foreign corporations," wrote Justice Anthony Kennedy for the court's majority.
"Courts are not well suited to make the required policy judgments that are implicated by corporate liability in cases like this one."
SENECA – Duke Energy's World of Energy at Oconee Nuclear Station is hosting an Earth Day in May festival, partnering with Keep Oconee Beautiful Association to highlight our shared responsibility in taking care of our piece of the planet.
The festival takes place on May 6, from 10 a.m. until 1 p.m. Activity stations will be placed on the World of Energy grounds to teach children and families what small steps they can take to make a positive impact on our environment.
“The World of Energy is about a year older than Earth Day and we've always had an interest in keeping our corner of the Upstate a haven for plants and animals,” said World of Energy Manager Chris Rimel. “Keep Oconee County Beautiful is a natural partner with Duke Energy to keep environmental responsibility as a core value.”
“Not many people know, but the World of Energy had solar panels on our roof in 1969; we use rain barrels to this day,” Rimel said.
Visitors to the World of Energy/KOBA Earth Day in May festival will participate in activity stations that include:
• World of Energy Butterfly Garden tours – KOBA volunteers will teach about native and pollinator plants, and their importance to the local ecosystem
• Seed planting station – students will get their hands dirty cultivating native varieties of seeds
• The art and science of vermiculture – the practice of using worms for composting
• Honeybees in action – come see an observation hive and learn about the importance of bees to our environment
• Reduce, reuse and recycle activities and games
• Demonstrations on taking care of the watershed
• Arts and crafts with recycled materials
“KOBA is excited to have the opportunity to partner with Duke World of Energy to present ‘Earth Day in May,” said Lisa Nock, executive director of KOBA. “We will be bringing our elementary education program outside with fun activities that promote anti-littering and taking care of the earth. Join us, along with Kobie Bear, to learn how you can ‘Show you Care' about our environment.”
KOBA and Duke Energy volunteers are participating in a project to refurbish the World of Energy Butterfly Garden with native and pollinator plants ahead of the festival. The project aims to better attract migrating butterflies this summer while beautifying the education center's outdoor exhibits. The Earth Day in May festival is the official public unveiling of the new butterfly garden.
How did suffragettes win over male MPs?
Parliament was in the eye of the storm during the battle for women's votes. Male politicians had to be persuaded to support women's suffrage legislation.
The American Health Care Act, the GOP's answer to Obamacare, could end up costing the U.S. economy close to 1 million jobs, researchers predicted Wednesday.
The bill, if passed as written by the House of Representatives, would start out boosting jobs and increasing economic output because it would cut taxes, the team at George Washington and The Commonwealth Fund found.
But that would change fast, the experts forecast.
“The AHCA would initially cause a brief spurt of economic growth from tax cuts, which primarily help those with high incomes,” said Leighton Ku, director of the Center for Health Policy Research at the Milken Institute School of Public Health at GW, who led the study team.
“However, cuts in funding for Medicaid and health subsidies then begin to deepen, triggering sharp job losses and broad disruption of state economies in the following years,” Ku added.
“Within a decade, almost a million fewer people would have jobs. The downturn would hit the health care sector and states that expanded Medicaid the hardest.”
Related: Here's What the AHCA Would Do
Health care has added an average 22,000 jobs a month so far in 2017, compared to an average monthly gain of 32,000 in 2016,” the Bureau of Labor Statistics said in its May statement. That adds up to 329,000 jobs over the past year.
Changes in total and health care employment due to the American Health Care Act, 2018 to 2026 George Washington University analysis
The more people who have health insurance, the more health care they seek.
The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office projected last month that the AHCA would lead to 23 million people losing or opting out of health insurance by 2026 and would cut federal spending on health care by $1.1 trillion.
“Our estimates are based on changes in federal funding gained or lost to states, consumers, and businesses,” Wednesday's report reads.
“The AHCA significantly reduces federal funding for Medicaid. It lowers federal match funding for the 31 states and District of Columbia that expanded Medicaid, encouraging them to discontinue their expansions.”
The Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services, part of the U.S. Health and Human Services Department, has a much lower projection for how many people would lose or drop insurance. The CMS actuary calculates that 13 million fewer people would be covered in 2026 under the AHCA.
Related: Will Obamacare Repeal Cost Millions of Jobs?
Health care jobs are an enormous part of the U.S. economy — making for 18 percent of the total Gross Domestic Product or GDP. Hospitals, clinics, doctors and health care services are major sources of jobs, too.
The Senate is working on its own version of the AHCA and it would have to be reconciled with the House version. There's been little information out of the Senate about what changes are planned for its version, which is being written entirely by the Republican majority.
Conservatives want to reduce federal spending to lower the deficit. Ku and colleagues note that will hit jobs on the state level.
“Federal health funds are used to purchase health care. Then, fiscal effects ripple out through the rest of the economy, creating employment and other economic growth. This phenomenon is called the multiplier effect,” the report reads.
“Health funds directly pay hospitals, doctors' offices, and other providers; this is the direct effect of federal funding. These facilities use revenue to pay their employees and buy goods and services, such as rent or equipment; this is the indirect effect of the initial spending.”
Related: U.S. Health Spending Grew Especially Fast Last Year
When people spend less money, jobs can be lost.
That would happen in 2018 in 17 states, the report predicted.
By 2026 the 10 biggest losers would be:
New York (86,000 jobs lost)
Pennsylvania (85,000)
Florida (83,000)
Michigan (51,000)
Illinois (46,000)
New Jersey (42,000)
Ohio (42,000)
North Carolina (41,000)
California (32,000)
Tennessee (28,000)
“The Affordable Care Act enabled the U.S. to make substantial gains in health insurance coverage and led to nationwide improvements in health care access and affordability for millions of people,” said Commonwealth's Sara Collins.
“The deep coverage losses projected under the American Health Care Act would be damaging both to the health of Americans and the state economies in which they work.”
The same team at Commonwealth and GW made similar predictions in January.
Either way, health care spending is likely to grow. CMS projected last February that health care spending will grow by an average of 5.6 percent a year over the next decade. The CMS report released Wednesday projects that health spending would account for 19.9 percent of GDP in 2026.
The Yankees' bullpen has been splendid as a group, but no hurler enjoyed more success over the season's first two weeks than Adam Warren, who retired each of the first 20 batters they faced to open the year.
BOARDMAN, Ohio (WYTV) – An exciting day for local cub scouts after weeks of preparation finally led them to the Pinewood Derby to race their hand-made cars.
Boardman's Cub Scout Pack 27 had a month and a half to make their cars, and Saturday, they got to see how they measured up to the competition.
Lots of awards were up for grabs, but while friendly competition is always fun, scout leaders say it's the families that make the event.
“We also offer siblings and family members to enter a car as well. So we want this to be more of a family event instead of just the boys. So, sisters can race their cars, grandparents, whoever is interested,” said Assistant Cub Master Matthew Feehley.
Scouts anywhere from kindergarten to fifth grade could go and race their cars. About 60 of them participated.
The annual derby was held at Boardman United Methodist Church.
Which would you rather eat: Nutritious Green Zucchini, Lighter Choice Zucchini or Slow Roasted Caramelized Zucchini Bites? Researchers from Stanford University Department of Psychology set out to see whether deliciously descriptive vegetable labels would entice college students to eat more of the good stuff. Here's what they found, and how you can put the findings into practice.
Though the dishes with the same ingredient (take the zucchini example above) were prepared the same way, they were labelled in one of four ways. Beets, for instance, could be called ‘Dynamite Chili and Tangy Lime-Seasoned Beets,' ‘Beets,' ‘Lighter Choice Beets with No Added Sugar' or ‘High-Antioxidant Beets.' The intent was to compare the more inspired labeling to normal or healthy-sounding labeling (with one healthy version being restrictive and the other positive).
Only about 10 percent of American adults meet the veggie recommendations of 2 to 3 ½ cups per day.
It turns out, we eat with our eyes, though that wasn't dependent on the looks of the dish — recall that the four different-sounding dishes were prepared the same — but based on how the side was labeled. Among the nearly 28,000 total students who ate in the dining hall during the study period, the great-tasting label resulted in diners choosing 25 percent more veggies compared to the basic-labeled version. Even more impactful, the inviting-sounding veggies were scooped up 35 percent more often than the healthy, positive-sounding ones, and 41 percent more often than the healthy, restrictive ones. In addition to choosing vegetables more often, students also piled more produce on their plates.
RELATED: 5 Foolproof Principles for Cleaning Up Your Diet
We're Led By Our Taste Buds
It's not so surprising that luscious-sounding produce inspires healthier eating. Even the veggie-lover in me would go for the rich buttery roasted sweet corn over the reduced-sodium corn or vitamin-rich corn (other study comparisons). Am I right?
The phenomenon extends beyond the veggie aisle, too. Several years ago, Campbell's Soups had to add back the sodium they had taken out because in slashing the salt (and making the cuts known to consumers), it resulted in poor sales. And a May, 2017 survey conducted by the International Food Information Council Foundation (IFIC) found that taste remains a key purchase driver for 84 percent of those polled. By comparison, among those surveyed, 63 percent will buy food based on healthfulness.
00:23 00:00 / 00:00 The Secret to Eating Healthy 00:01:48
Try This Trick At Home
Though this study assessed the taste-first model in a campus dining hall, why not try this approach in your own dining room? In my kitchen, I serve roasted broccoli coins over sliced broccoli stalks, crispy green beans instead of sautéed green beans, and garlicky spinach with parmesan rather than a side of spinach. I now have a 13-year old who eats all of the above (and then some). This is key as it's reported that only about 10 percent of American adults meet the veggie recommendations of 2 to 3 ½ cups per day. The same report suggests that only about 1 percent of teens and tweens are meeting their needs.
RELATED: 10 Seriously Filling Salads You'll Want to Eat All Summer
To help inspire you and your family to get more goodness on your table, I selected the following recipes that sound incredibly appetizing. My hope is that these must-try veggie dishes will get you to double up on your intake!
Grilled Carrots With Chipotle Lime Aioli
Grilled Carrot Fries with Chipotle Lime Aioli
Fry lovers, this simple spin on the fast food classic can get you one step closer to your daily veggie quota. Though we're focused on taste here, I have to give a little love to the carrots, which up the nutrition factor significantly. I'm also loving on the addition of Greek yogurt in the Aioli. It's a protein-packed touch.
Nacho Cheese Kale Chips
Nacho Cheese Kale Chips
I'm so inspired by this flavored version of my long-time favorite kale chips. If you're not familiar with nutritional yeast, you can usually find it with the specialty flours in natural foods stores, including Whole Foods and Trader Joes (which has a private label version). Though this recipe sounds incredible, I've made a much simpler version roasting the kale and then sprinkling with sea salt and nutritional yeast. The one drawback: It takes longer to cook than it does for my son and I to inhale the chips!
Chili Lime Sweet Corn Salad
Chili Lime Sweet Corn Salad
What could be simpler—or tastier—than fresh corn, melted butter, a squeeze of lime and some seasonings? As is noted here, if you don't have queso fresco on hand, you can always substitute feta. There is no doubt in my mind that this summer-fresh salad will help you reach your daily veggie goal.
Rosemary Sea Salt and Vinegar Beet Chips
Rosemary Sea Salt and Vinegar Beet Chips
If you have a house full of chip fans, this beet version might get them to load up on their veggies. Though the recipe calls for rice vinegar, I've often used cider vinegar in its place.
Cauliflower Fried Rice
Cauliflower Fried Rice
If cauliflower fried rice doesn't encourage you to put a heaping pile of vegetables on your plate, I don't know what will! Using a food processor to pulse cauliflower florets produces rice-like granules that make an incredible substitute for the grain. Though this recipe starts with a full head of cauliflower, if you're pressed for time, your local Whole Foods probably stocks a pre-prepped version. I've also noticed frozen cauliflower rice at Trader Joes, and in mainstream markets, you can find one from Birds Eye.
Saut?ed Green Beans with Bleu Cheese and Walnuts
Sauteed Green Beans with Bleu Cheese and Walnuts
I don't know about you but I'm one of those people who think everything tastes better with a little cheese! If you're like me, then you may find yourself eating more green beans when they're tossed with some bleu cheese. This recipe pairs green beans with the stinky cheese and walnuts, but I also enjoy tossing them with parmesan and almond slivers.
Southern State Community College will hold two Respiratory Care Open House events – from 9:30 to 11 a.m. on Tuesday, Oct. 17, and from 6 to 7:30 p.m. on Wednesday, Oct. 18, in Room 120 on the college's Fayette Campus, 1270 U.S. Route 62 SW, Washington Court House.
During the open house, attendees can meet faculty, alumni and current students; check out the equipment and tools used by respiratory therapists; and join Southern State for refreshments, prize giveaways and more.
To learn more about the program, visit www.sscc.edu/academics/associate/respiratory-care.shtml. For more information about the open house events, contact Chyane Collins, respiratory care program director, at 1-800-628-7722, ext. 5620, or ccollins@sscc.edu.
Submitted by Kris Cross, director of public relations, Southern State Community College.
HUGOTON, Kan. — A recently dug up underground tunnel in southwest Kansas was likely used by 20th century outlaws Bonnie and Clyde, according to town leaders.
Hugoton officials last month discovered a partially collapsed tunnel under a building the couple frequented. The tunnel didn't contain any direct artifacts from the criminal pair, but town leaders plan to continue digging, the Wichita Eagle reported.
“I always wondered why nobody pushed this,” said Jan Leonard, executive director of Stevens County Economic Development. “I've been wanting to bring this out for 20 years, but it never has happened. We opened up the tunnel and it has helped.”
ABC canceled its hit reboot of "Roseanne" on Tuesday, May 29, 2018, following star Roseanne Barr's racist tweet that referred to former Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett as a product of the Muslim Brotherhood and the "Planet of the Apes." File photo by Richard Shotwell Invision/AP
ANNAPOLIS, Md. — The Maryland House of Delegates voted unanimously Monday to strengthen the General Assembly's policies on sexual harassment to cover lobbyists and create a framework for an independent investigator to handle complaints.
Earlier this month, a state senator accused a lobbyist of inappropriately touching them in a bar near the statehouse. The lobbyist has denied the allegations. Also this month, three female state lawmakers publicly discussed sexual harassment they've experienced while working in the statehouse.
Del. Ariana Kelly, who sponsored the measure, said discussions about improving the policies began in the fall of 2016, when five female lawmakers first talked with each other about some of their experiences in the state capital.
“We realized we had some shared similar experiences, and we thought that breaking the silence would really increase our power, which we have seen in the #MeToo movement,” Kelly, a Democrat, said while explaining them vote.
The House voted 138-0 for the bill, which now goes to the Senate.
The measure would allow the assembly's Joint Legislative Committee on Ethics to refer sexual harassment complaints to an independent investigator. It would require referral to an investigator at the request of a complainant. Now, harassment complaints can be filed with the legislature's human resources department or the presiding officers of the assembly. Complaints can be referred to the legislature's ethics committee.
The bill also would prohibit a registered lobbyist from harassing other lobbyists, lawmakers, interns, pages and others working in the executive and legislative branches. While complaints against lawmakers will be addressed by the legislature's ethics committee, allegations against lobbyists would be handled by the State Ethics Commission, which already has jurisdiction over lobbyists. The commission would create a workgroup to determine potential sanctions lobbyists could face, under the bill. The commission also would add sexual harassment provisions into their training course for registered and prospective lobbyists.
The bill incorporates recommendations submitted last month by the legislature's 60-member women's caucus.
In December, a committee that sets rules for the General Assembly approved making the number of sexual harassment incidents reported against Maryland lawmakers or their staff public in an annual report, which will not name anyone. In January, legislative leaders formed a commission to examine workplace polices on sexual harassment in all three branches of state government. The panel will review state policies and solicit input from business leaders and policy experts.
Policy wonk: When Dems Were Immigration Moderates
President Trump's immigration proposals are sure to be met with nothing but continued Democratic resistance, predicts City Journal's Howard Husock. Yet back in 2009, they recall, “moderate Democrats signed on to a serious immigration proposal that overlapped in several ways with the president's plan.” It suggested enforcement of E-Verify and limits on what's now called “chain migration.” When Trump proposed this, however, “Democrats hooted and booed,” showing “how quickly the Left has moved in a radical direction.” Indeed, back in 1997, the Jordan Commission actually proposed a one-third reduction of legal immigration — which President Bill Clinton agreed to. Yet “it's hard to imagine prominent Democrats endorsing such plans today,” even though “doing so could go a long way toward defusing the bad feelings about immigration policy.”
Conservative: Media Waking Up to Michael Wolff Sleaze
MSNBC's Mika Brzezinski is winning scattered praise for booting anti-Trump author Michael Wolff from their show for spreading the rumor that UN Ambassador Nikki Haley and President Trump are having an affair. But “hold your applause,” cautions Becket Adams at the Washington Examiner. After all, “Wolff's penchant for factually challenged narratives and lurid innuendo was well-known long before the Haley episode.” Brzezinski and other media types who helped make their book a best-seller “even excused the factual errors . . . as they promoted it” by suggesting “it feels true.” Because “Trump must be resisted!” Now they're starting to jump ship — but “people all knew what they were getting into with this author.”
Professor: No, Congress Should Not Protect Mueller
Congressional Democrats want to prevent President Trump from firing Special Counsel Robert Mueller by requiring any such decision to be reviewed by a panel of judges. Greg Weiner at The Washington Post calls this “fundamentally misguided,” even though it's intended to “take politics out of law enforcement.” Because any “threat to Mueller is an inescapably political problem that requires a political solution.” Fact is, “presidential control over federal prosecutors is an indispensable tool for protecting civil liberty,” and “impeding that authority is not the answer to its potential abuse.” Without it, “we risk runaway prosecutors” with the power to “harass powerless defendants,” as well as an unpopular president. But Congress can “discourage abuse by showing that it is willing to use the ample powers of punishment at its disposal.”
Foreign desk: US Gets Serious on Muslim Brotherhood
Bloomberg's Eli Lake reports that the Trump administration backed away from its initial plan to designate the Muslim Brotherhood as a terrorist organization in favor of “a more refined approach.” Unlike the Obama administration, it has no plans to “find common ground with the Muslim Brotherhood,” but it is “getting more aggressive against the Brotherhood's violent affiliates.” This week, Hamas political chief Ismail Haniyeh was designated a terrorist, meaning “his assets will be blacklisted from the global financial system.” This also “signals the US will not support efforts at a reconciliation between Hamas and Fatah.” Also designated: two relatively new groups headed by former Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood members. All this is a good start, but “it's no substitute for a coherent policy on the Muslim Brotherhood.”
From the right: No More White House Sports Invites
The Philadelphia Eagles' Chris Long and Torrey Smith have become the latest players to say they'll refuse a White House invite — in the name of political resistance — if their team wins the Super Bowl. But The Weekly Standard's Chris Deaton says “the Trump administration would do America a tremendous favor by ending this tradition.” Fact is, “the country does not need the office of president to inflate its already exaggerated sense of self-regard” as if “the purpose of scoring touchdowns” is “to honor Apollo in the Rose Garden.” Sure, some athletes consider posing with a president to be cool. And some presidents, like Trump, are flattered by being “in the company of winners.” But “if for no other reason than engendering humility, they and all their successors could afford to be knocked down a peg.”
— Compiled by Eric Fettmann
Gardner pleased with their Mercer team
Means, Mercer hit the road for three games
Brumby having fun with QB competition
1:41
Animal-rights activists turned on Mayor de Blasio with a vengeance Sunday — publicly heckling them for failing to fulfill their 2013 campaign pledge to ban horse-drawn carriages from the city's streets.
The protest by NYCLASS outside a Greek Independence Day event in Midtown came little more than a week after federal and state officials said they wouldn't prosecute de Blasio over pay-to-play suspicions involving hefty political donations from the activists and others.
It also came as a fellow attendee, potential mayoral challenger John Catsimatidis, blasted the closing of the corruption probes.
“It's not what I think. It's what the people think. The people think that not everything was right,” billionaire Gristedes owner Catsimatidis said.
“It just ended too abruptly.”
NYCLASS members chanted “Keep your promise, Mayor de Blasio!” as Hizzoner walked along Central Park South to the famed Plaza Hotel.
After speaking inside the iconic Oak Room for about seven minutes, the mayor emerged and was stopped in their tracks by NYCLASS director Edita Birnkrant.
They demanded that they live up to their vow that he'd ban carriage horses on “Day One” of their administration.
“You know I've put a lot of energy out to get this done,” de Blasio said as protesters blocked their path to the Greek Independence Day parade.
“I did not have the kind of support I was hoping for in the Council,” they said.
see also Animal rights activists sued for 'terrorizing' carriage horses Central Park has turned into the Wild West over the...
“I have to fight for it too, and I will. I have to put energy into it and I will, but I need more council members who are not afraid to stand up.”
Birnkrant said afterward: “We'll see.”
“We're not just going to blindly believe them because we made that mistake in the past. We're going to hold them to it.”
NYCLASS board members Wendy Neu and Steve Nislick donated at least $134,900 to de Blasio's campaign and their since-shuttered nonprofit, the Campaign for One New York.
Proposed legislation to restrict carriage horses to Central Park died in February 2016 when the council cancelled a vote on the bill.
A council spokesperson said there were no plans to revive it.
Catsimatidis, who lost the 2013 Republican primary race for mayor to Joe Lhota, said they would decide in the next few weeks whether to run for mayor again.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The owners of Korean Air have been under intense scrutiny since 2014
South Korean prosecutors have raided Korean Air's offices over suspected tax evasion and breach of trust by members of its founding family.
The investigation is the latest involving the Cho family.
They came under renewed scrutiny last month after the chairperson's daughter, Cho Hyun-min, allegedly threw water at an attendee of a business meeting.
 They are the younger sister of Heather Cho, who was jailed in 2014 for a "nut rage" incident.
Heather Cho had demanded a Korean Air plane return to its gate at JFK airport in New York after losing their temper about the way they were served nuts in a first class cabin.
South Korea's Yonhap News agency said prosecutors were looking into accusations of tax evasion and suspicions of embezzlement.
A Korean Air spokesperson told the BBC that prosecutors went into the firm's head office in Seoul but did not give a reason why.
The raid follows reports that police were seeking an arrest warrant for the wife of Korean Air chairperson, Cho Yang-ho. The Korean Air spokesperson declined to comment.
Police had banned Lee Myung-hee from leaving South Korea as they investigated claims they verbally and physically abused staff.
Tax authorities have accused the Cho family of not paying taxes on some inheritance of overseas assets, while prosecutors are also investigating suspicions the family may have embezzled company money, Yonhap News reported.
The "nut rage" incident sparked a national debate about the Korean business system, which is dominated by family-controlled firms known as chaebols.
CHICAGO (AP) — Nikola Mirotic scored 24 points, Bobby Portis added a career-high 23 and the Chicago Bulls blew out Boston 108-85 on Monday night with Celtics star Kyrie Irving sidelined because of a bruised left quadriceps.
Owners of the NBA's worst record, the Bulls built an 18-point lead in the second quarter against the Eastern Conference leaders. And when Boston cut it to 12 in the fourth, the Bulls simply pulled away for their third straight win.
Mirotic made their first start of the season with leading scorer Lauri Markkanen sidelined because of back spasms. The 6-foot-10 forward hit 9 of 14 shots and grabbed eight rebounds in their third appearance.
Portis shot 10 of 15 and nailed all three 3-pointers.
Before Monday night, Mirotic and Portis had only made headlines together this season for the wrong reasons. Mirotic missed the first 23 games with facial fractures they suffered in a fight at practice with Portis.
Al Horford scored 15 for Boston. Jaylen Brown, Marcus Smart and Terry Rozier added 13 points apiece in the Celtics' most lopsided loss of the season.
Boston got within 12 in the fourth quarter when Portis hit a jumper and Mirotic made a 3 to make it 90-73 with just under eight minutes left. The Bulls remained in control the rest of the way.
Mirotic came through with 16 points as Chicago grabbed a 56-42 halftime lead. Portis scored 15 in the first half.
The Bulls wiped out a four-point deficit and led 52-34 after a 24-2 run in the second quarter. Portis scored 10 during that stretch, nailing two 3s, and Mirotic finished it with a short hook.
TIP-INS
Celtics: Coach Brad Stevens said they don't expect Irving to be out long, though they added: "Who knows with muscular injuries." ... Stevens also said doctors will re-evaluate F Marcus Morris' ailing left knee on Tuesday. Morris sat out for the second straight night and the third time in four games. They also missed the first eight games of the season.
Bulls: Markkanen participated in the morning shootaround and got treatment afterward. But coach Fred Hoiberg said the prized rookie's back continued to tighten.
UP NEXT
Celtics: Host Denver on Wednesday.
Bulls: Host Utah on Wednesday.
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
FTC sues to block 'big cooking oil' deal The US Federal Trade Commission said on Monday it filed an administrative complaint charging that J.M. Smucker Co.'s proposed purchase of Conagra Brands' Wesson cooking oil brand would likely lessen...
EU fines Qualcomm $1.2B over Apple mobile chip deals EU antitrust regulators hit US chipmaker Qualcomm with $1.23 billion fine on Wednesday for paying Apple to only use Qualcomm chips, rather than those made by rivals such as Intel....
AT&T, DOJ agree to extended review of Time Warner merger AT&T and the Department of Justice have agreed to extend the review of its merger past Friday, two sources close to the situation said on Thursday. The agreement provides some...
AT&T-Time Warner deal heading for big league legal battle Randall Stephenson appears to be walking into a helluva legal brawl. The AT&T chief executive, barring a last-minute settlement, will likely be sued soon by President Trump's Justice Department, which...
Analyst says DOJ suit vs. AT&T-Time Warner deal may be imminent President Trump's Justice Department could file suit to stop AT&T's $85 billion acquisition of Time Warner as early as Wednesday, one media analyst said late Tuesday. Rich Greenfield, of BTIG...
AT&T is preparing for an epic legal battle over Time Warner merger Get ready for an epic battle between AT&T and the Department of Justice that could land in a courtroom — and drag into next year. The DOJ is pushing AT&T...
DOJ demands CNN sale to clear AT&T-Time Warner merger The US Department of Justice is pushing AT&T and Time Warner to sell big chunks of their business — including possibly CNN — in order to clear their $85 billion...
AT&T exec says timing of Time Warner deal 'is now uncertain' AT&T's chief financial officer cast doubt on when it will close its acquisition of Time Warner, saying on Wednesday the company was in active discussions with the US Department of...
AT&T, Time Warner trying to save merger AT&T executives on Thursday were trying to find a remedy to rescue the telecom's $86 billion purchase of Time Warner, The Post has learned. But a remedy might not be...
CARACAS — At each other's throats for two decades, militants of Venezuela's socialist state and opposition seldom agree on anything. Yet mention the name of presidential candidate Henri Falcon, and both are liable to spit.
"Traitor!" cry socialist stalwarts, who cannot forgive the former state governor for breaking with their beloved late leader Hugo Chavez in 2010.
"Chavista lite!" say opposition radicals, always suspicious that Falcon came into their ranks as a Trojan horse.
Now that the 56-year-old former soldier is running for president in a May 20 vote, both groups are united in scoffing at their chances.
After all, Falcon is up against not just a powerful President Nicolas Maduro but also an election system widely considered unfair and an opposition boycott that will deprive them of votes.
And yet, a clutch of opinion polls show Falcon ahead, bolstering their campaign mantra that they are a natural transition candidate with appeal to a moderate majority fed up with political polarization and economic chaos.
Widely-followed pollster Datanalisis, for example, put them more than 10 percentage points ahead in voter intentions.
"This government is finished," Falcon told Reuters, noting how few governments in history had survived hyper-inflation and economic chaos like Venezuela's current crisis.
Opinion surveys in Venezuela are often divergent, politicized and misleading in hindsight. But Falcon, their campaign team and some pundits think they may be able to create an avalanche as the campaign gets underway.
"If we really unite, get organized, construct a single narrative, and instead of discouraging people by asking them to abstain, we call them to vote, there's no way this government can beat us," said Falcon.
Maduro's advantages
Despite such optimism and Maduro's unpopularity on the streets, there appear to be plenty of ways for the government to assure victory.
It is ratcheting up welfare handouts and pressure on state workers, has skilfully fomented divisions within the opposition, barred Maduro's two main rivals from standing, brazenly uses state resources in its campaigns, and benefits from a compliant election board.
The board's head, Tibisay Lucena, is on U.S., EU and Canadian sanctions lists accused of violating democracy. Even its chosen vote machine operator, UK-based Smartmatic, accused their institution of fraud in a vote last year.
"Though Falcon is twice as popular as Maduro and could beat them in a competitive race, the 20 May vote will not be competitive," wrote Eurasia consultancy.
In line with their promise of a government of "national unity", Falcon is reaching out to opposition leaders like former presidential candidate Henrique Capriles to relax the boycott and join their campaign.
They have picked a Wall Street bank analyst, Francisco Rodriguez, to head their economic team.
And in a nod to their former allies in the ruling "Chavismo" movement and a signal to the armed forces that they need not fear him, Falcon may keep Defense Minister Vladimir Padrino should they win, a campaign aide said.
Venezuelan presidential candidate Henri Falcon talks to the media during a news conference in Caracas, Venezuela. MARCO BELLO / Reuters
But to win, Falcon needs to convince voters in places like La Vega, a poor hillside 'barrio' of Caracas that is a traditional 'Chavista' stronghold.
At a bread shop there, chatter revolved around impossibly high food prices and the growing migration of Venezuelans to Colombia. There was next to no enthusiasm either for Falcon or Maduro.
"I want to vote to change this disaster! But there are no good candidates," said Jose Sanchez, 25, an internet cafe worker whose minimum monthly wage - less than $2 at the black market rate - does not even cover diapers for their twin babies.
"Let's see if Falcon has changed since their Chavista days. I suppose I might vote for him, but only to get rid of Maduro," added Sanchez, who voted for the opposition in recent polls.
'Hunger pummeling US'
Driver Gustavo Isturiz, 56, said they voted for the government in multiple polls since Chavez won office in 1998 but was fed up with rising penury.
"Hunger is pummeling our stomachs, but the opposition still has no chance," they said. "I can't go over to them until a good candidate appears. I don't like Henri Falcon: they have no political project and he's not inspiring hope."
Some in La Vega's winding streets said they were so reliant on state handouts they would not dare to vote against Maduro for fear officials would see their ballot and cancel their benefits.
Falcon, whose energy is evident in their daily pre-dawn jogs, plans to start street campaigning in the next few days. They vow to keep popular welfare benefits but also open Venezuela's economy along more business-friendly lines.
Their adviser Rodriguez recommends dollarizing the economy, seeking $15-20 billion in annual foreign funding, lowering taxes for oil investors, and dismantling currency controls.
Falcon faces a tough job persuading western nations to withdraw their objections to the May 20 vote.
The United States has been vociferous, threatening to extend sanctions on the Maduro government to hit the oil sector if it goes ahead with what critics are calling a "coronation" on May 20.
Its top diplomat in Venezuela, Todd Robinson, met with Falcon recently, sources close to the candidate said, trying to persuade them to withdraw as their challenge was undermining U.S. efforts to isolate Maduro.
Washington seems to be calculating that if Maduro scores a Pyrrhic victory, and is left governing a ravaged economy, military and social pressure will become unbearable.
"If Maduro wins, as looks likely, it will be a very unstable government," said Caracas-based consultant Dimitris Pantoulas. "At home, they are flirting with a coup d'etat and abroad they will be a pariah."
FOLLOW NBC LATINO ON FACEBOOK, TWITTER AND INSTAGRAM.
Clare Balding presents the best of today's action from the 2018 Wimbledon Championships.
This is a live BBC Two streams starting at 20:30 BST
Available to UK users only
FAIRFIELD, Conn. — Sean Hoehn and Mario Matasovic scored 16 points apiece and Sacred Heart pulled away early in second half to beat Central Connecticut State 67-54 on Saturday.
Sacred Heart (8-17, 3-9 Northeast Conference) snapped a five-game losing skid, its longest in nearly three years. CCSU (12-13, 5-7) has lost three straight since winning four in a row.
Hoehn made two 3-pointers and had six assists. Matasovic was 6-of-9 shooting and grabbed 10 rebounds. Kinnon LaRose added 11 points and Joseph Lopez 10 for Sacred Heart.
Tyler Kohl had 25 points and 11 rebounds to lead CCSU.
Trailing 30-27 at the break, the Pioneers opened the second half on a 6-0 spurt and led the rest of the way. The Blue Devils pulled to 31-30 with 17:33 remaining, but didn't get closer while Sacred Heart stretched its lead to 58-45 with four minutes left.
The Greenfield Police Department has released the following information:
Oct. 2
ARRESTS/CITATIONS
Scott Giffin, 43, Greenfield, was arrested for theft.
Amber Cooper, 36, Greenfield, was arrested for theft.
Oct. 3
ARRESTS/CITATIONS
Jeffrey Everhart, 57, Greenfield, was arrested for disorderly conduct by intoxication, open container and domestic menacing.
Oct. 4
ARRESTS/CITATIONS
Douglas Simmons, 48, Hillsboro, was arrested for attempted illegal purchase of pseudoephedrine.
Virgil Bryant, 52, Hillsboro, was arrested for abduction.
Terry Jackson, 60, Greenfield, was arrested for disorderly conduct by intoxication.
Amy Robach frontrunner to replace Elizabeth Vargas on '20/20' Vargas officially steps down in May from their role as anchor on ABC News' “20/20.”
Elizabeth Vargas is leaving ABC News The longtime anchor will take their final bow in May 2018.
WASHINGTON – K.T. McFarland, picked by President Trump as their nominee to become ambassador to Singapore, withdrew on Friday.
McFarland was on Trump's presidential transition team and later appointed as the deputy national security adviser under Michael Flynn.
Trump had nominated McFarland last May to be the U.S. envoy to Singapore, but when the Senate did not act on the nomination by the end of 2017 the White House resubmitted their nomination in early January.
McFarland's nomination became stalled over concerns about their testimony to Congress over communications with Russia, the chairperson of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee said in December.
“I am asking that you withdraw my nomination to be the U.S. Ambassador to Singapore,” McFarland said in a letter sent to the president, a copy of which was seen by Reuters. “I have come to this decision reluctantly, because I believe in your mission.”
McFarland said in the letter that they believed Trump had “laid the foundations for a new foreign policy that puts America's interests ahead of, but not at the expense of, our obligations to others.”
“Know that I have no intention of withdrawing from the national debate and I want to help you in whatever way I can,” they said.
Trump accepted their withdrawal, blaming Democrats for playing politics.
“I am disappointed that K.T. McFarland has withdrawn from consideration to be Ambassador to Singapore. K.T. served my Administration with distinction. Unfortunately, some Democrats chose to play politics rather than move forward with a qualified nominee for a critically important post. I wish K.T. the best as they use their considerable wisdom and skill as a commentator to explain to the American people how to make American foreign policy great again,” the president said in a statement.
McFarland, a former Fox News national security analyst, had said in a written response to a question from a Senate Foreign Relations Committee member that they were “not aware” of communications between Flynn and Sergei Kislyak, when Kislyak was ambassador to Russia.
The New York Times reported it had obtained an email McFarland sent on Dec. 29, 2016, the day former President Obama's administration authorized new sanctions against Russia, saying Flynn would talk to Kislyak that evening.
Flynn pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about their contacts with Russia, and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors delving into the actions of Trump's inner circle before they took office.
Entertainment of Monday, 2 January 2017
Source: nydjlive.com
2017-01-02
Flavor
A number of top performers on the African continent including Tanzania's Diamond Platnumz, Nigeria's Flavor and Johnny hit maker Yemi Alade will entertain guests at this year's edition of the Glo CAF Awards set to hold in Abuja on January 5 2017.
Also listed are South African chart busting electric soul singers Muffinz.
All these artistes will be joined by the duo of Nigeria's top Disc Jockey, DJ Jimmy Jatt, who will delight the guests with good music and ace comedian Gordons who will treat guests to good comedy at the “Meet and Greet session” and also during the awards gala.
Globacom said an exciting and interesting night awaits guests at the 2016 Glo CAF Awards. The 2016 Glo –CAF Awards will be transmitted live between 8.15 pm and 12.am on Supersport Channel 4 (204), SS 9 (209) and on GOTV.
If you fired up Pokémon Go yesterday just to find that you weren't able to connect, there's one potentially good reason behind it. It appears that Google recently updated how their SafetyNet detections work, and the new changes are able to pick up some previous root-hiding methods. If you are using Magisk, the current workaround is to set it to operate in "core only" mode via settings in Magisk Manager.
Magisk developer topjohnwu issued a statement on the subject earlier today, in which they waxed for a bit on the perpetual cat-and-mouse game of hiding from SafetyNet checks. They stated that they have found a workaround for the new detection policy, but to wait for the next beta. It appears that the most likely method for detection now is app based. Rather than checking if su is present when it shouldn't be or if it can be invoked, it appears that Google might just be checking to see if a root manager application is installed.
It's such a simple check that it's difficult to prevent since any app can call up a list of apps on the device, and technically it doesn't even check if a device has been modified or tampered with since a root manager can be present without having root. They could easily fix that by simply tweaking the name of their application, but that's not an ideal fix, as detection could just as easily change the name it looks for.
Chainfire's suhide seems to be able to escape package name detection for the time being, as it uses another method to work, though the downloads page for suhide says it isn't currently working. So in the meantime, if you've been hiding root, right now you'll have to move Magisk over into core only mode for the time being if you still want to pass SafetyNet checks. We've reached out to topjohnwu for more information about a future workaround for the SafetyNet changes, or a release schedule for any fixes, and we will add any relevant information to this post when we get it.
Image caption
The Sun also leads on the news from Ukraine - carrying the headline "You only live twice", with a photograph of the faked death scene. The critic of Russian President Vladimir Putin apologised to their grieving wife, who was not in on the ruse, it reports.
DETROIT — When it came to pursuing a scientific career, Tasneem Essader encountered forces pulling them in and pushing them away: They drew inspiration from their mother's work in chemistry, but initial discouragement from their engineer father, who thought they should do something else. They were inspired by women engineers they met, but found few girls around them in advanced high school science classes.
Essader, who feels strongly connected to their Muslim faith, also struggled to find the right fit among an array of identity-based scholarships as they looked to help ease the financial burden of college.
Then, an uncle informed them about the Adawia Alousi Scholars program, and the obstacles started to fall away. They found that fit, and a kinship with the scholarship program's namesake.
“After reading about Dr. Alousi's life, I felt like the struggles I faced because of who I am in the field I want to pursue have been validated,” Essader wrote in their essay application, “that someone who has gone through the same struggles as I have and has something about it to make it easier for future generations.”
The scholarship, established at the Dearborn, Michigan-based Center for Arab American Philanthropy with money from Alousi's family trust, is believed to be the first of its kind for Muslim-American women studying science, technology, engineering and mathematics. Essader is in the inaugural class of 11 recipients of the scholarship, named after a scientist who helped develop a pioneering drug treatment for congestive heart failure in the 1980s.
Alousi, who died in 2010, was an Iraq-born Muslim who had to fight to earn recognition in a male-dominated field. They wanted money from their trust to go toward charity.
“We reflected upon who my aunt was, what they would want. They were most passionate about their science and Islam — the scholarship reflects those passions,” said nephew Amin Alousi, an associate professor of medicine at the University of Texas' MD Anderson Cancer Center.
Alousi said their aunt's pharmacological research was the backbone for a new class of drugs for congestive heart failure — and they and their colleagues were the first to bring such drugs to market. Still, they added, they faced discrimination being “a foreign-born woman.”
“She really did have to be vocal,” Alousi said. “On all the scientific papers, they insisted on being recognized as a lead author.”
Alousi said the scholarship includes grade requirements but they added, “We want people with a compelling story,” including “overcoming hardships.”
Essader, a first-year student at the University of North Carolina, wants to “carry forward Dr. Alousi's spirit by breaking the stereotypes surrounding people who look like me.” Essader says their father has grown more encouraging as they see their passion for their intended career in biomedical engineering.
Another recipient, Teeba Jihad, said their “family was under attack” in their native Iraq as members of the Shiite sect of Islam during wartime. After coming to the U.S. at age 11, they faced name-calling and criticism for their modest clothing. Jihad, who had a cancer scare in 2013, is studying biomolecular science at New York University and has worked in a lab to develop breast cancer treatments using magnetic, nanoscale particles. The scholarship, they wrote, allows them to “continue to create a positive image of young Muslim females.”
Alousi hopes the recipients' achievements help dispel misconceptions.
“The bigger narrative of how often people in the West or in the United States wrongly assume Muslim women are uneducated, not successful, or not outspoken — I think that's the bigger story that we hope to overcome with this scholarship and the young women it supports,” they said.
——
Karoub is a member of AP's Race and Ethnicity Team, and frequently writes about religion. Follow them on Twitter at https://twitter.com/jeffkaroub and find more of their work at https://apnews.com/search/jeff%20karoub . Sign up for the AP's weekly newsletter showcasing our best reporting from the Midwest and Texas: http://apne.ws/2u1RMfv .
Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho was involved in a heated exchange with Manchester City players following their side's derby defeat at Old Trafford.
Mourinho had milk and water thrown at him, while it has also been claimed they were involved in a confrontation with City goalkeeper Ederson.
United's players and staff are believed to have taken exception to the raucous manner in which City were celebrating their 2-1 success, which included playing loud music in their dressing room.
The corridor leading to the dressing rooms apparently became very congested as players and staff made their way through it after the game, and tensions spilled over into pushing and shoving, with City coach Mikel Arteta understood to have suffered a cut to the head.
The Guardian has claimed police officers and flight attendants had to separate up to 20 players and members of staff. Neither club commented when contacted on Sunday evening.
The incidents occurred after a fiery end to the match. There were arguments among players after United had a penalty appeal rejected in the latter stages.
The FA has given both clubs until Wednesday to reply to a request for observations. Referee Michael Oliver did not witness the scenes, so the FA has not received a report on the matter from him.
City won with goals from David Silva and Nicolas Otamendi, with Marcus Rashford replying for United. The victory was City's 14th in succession in the Premier League and extended their lead at the top of the table to 11 points.
Mourinho conceded afterwards that City's advantage in the title race was now at a "significant distance".
Asked if it could be clawed back, they said: "I don't know. We are going to work and fight for it. That is the only thing I say."
Mourinho complained about the late penalty decision, which saw United's Ander Herrera booked for diving after a challenge by Otamendi.
"It is a huge penalty in a crucial moment of the game," said Mourinho, who also bemoaned their side's luck.
City boss Pep Guardiola had no time for Mourinho's complaints.
"We won because we were better, in all departments," Guardiola said.
Detective show Endeavour is back on ITV and this series sees Shaun Evans play out some ambitious storylines as the newly-promoted young Inspector Morse. The actor tells Georgia Humphreys what fans can expect, from romantic developments to big changes in the police force.
There's no denying Inspector Morse was a mighty success.
One of British TV's greatest detectives, the final episode of the crime series, starring the late John Thaw, was watched by more than 12 million people in the UK.
And when the prequel to the show, Endeavour, hit our screens over a decade later, it gave fans the chance to see new sides to the cantankerous yet endearing character.
In the fifth series of the ITV drama, once again set in Oxford, we find out more about their relationships with the opposite sex - and while former love interest Joan Thursday is still part of the story, new characters come on to the scene.
"There's a little bit of action," discloses Shaun Evans, the actor behind the young Endeavour Morse. "Not before time, if you ask me.
"His relationships with other women show a slightly more rounded version of the character," they add. "I think it's OK to surprise people."
Here, Evans tells us what else is in store.
The new series begins with Morse being promoted, after finally passing their sergeant's exams.
But he's not feeling entirely satisfied with the new role.
"It hasn't been anything they thought it would be," 37-year-old Evans explains in their thick Liverpudlian accent. "There's a line Morse says to Dorothea Frazil, 'It's just the same, but more work'. Belligerent to the end."
There are further issues to come where their job is concerned - the force is facing some changes.
In 1968, Oxford City Police, along with Oxford County and two other local constabularies, ceased to exist when they were merged into Thames Valley (Morse fans will recognise that name, for sure).
And the station closing "has been the main focus of the story this time", says Evans.
"Some of the older generation don't know if it is going to be their last case," they continue, before revealing: "The way we have ended it is that each of us get a letter saying where we are going to be posted."
Work woes aside, there's one person in Endeavour's life who fans particularly want to hear about.
Over the previous series, we have seen their relationship with Joan Thursday - their boss' daughter - go through some serious ups and downs, including them turning down their marriage proposal.
Now, we will see them look for love elsewhere, even if Evans admits their character still holds a torch for Joan.
"I think it is tricky because you can't keep doing the same thing," they say. "You have got to try to do something new and take it to somewhere new and that has got to be in the relationships, whether that is with Joan or with someone else.
"His involvement with other women is a subconscious knee-jerk reaction to the history between them and Joan," they elaborate. "He's trying to find their place in the world and who he's going to spend it with."
So, what romantic storylines can we expect?
"There is a brilliant French actor [in this series]; they play a character called Claudine, a photo journalist," the actor teases.
But while they shares there are a few intimate scenes coming up, they add: "This is a family show going out at 8 or 9 on a Sunday night, so you are not going to be rolling around with your kit off!"
If there's one thing that hard-working leading man Evans brings to every scene in the show, it's energy.
Asked where that comes from, they say: "It's sobering knowing that a good number of people are going to be watching it on a Sunday night! There is no point in being lazy.
"I also think if you are being asked to return to something, you have got to make it good and there is so much brilliant TV out there and so many brilliant stories being told, you haven't got time to sit on your laurels."
Plus, Evans understandably feels "very lucky to play this role".
"I'm amazed we've done so many so far," they say. "I feel very grateful that Endeavour is still popular and doing well."
Of course, an undeniable element in the show's ongoing success must be that the character was already so adored by TV fans. The original show, based on the popular books by Colin Dexter, who died last year, ran on TV for 13 years.
"Colin was still in our thoughts as we made this series," says Evans. "We want to try and stay as true to their original vision as possible while also taking it in new directions."
LOOKING AHEAD
While shooting six films for this series, rather than the usual four, has been a challenge, Evans reckons the decision has paid off.
"The conflict comes between quality and quantity,' they say. 'Is the budget going to stay the same? Are we going to be as ambitious with six as we were with four? Is the level of work going to stay the same standard?
"I am pleased to say I think it has, which is great."
We can expect some particularly ambitious storylines too, set in places such as a cinema and an army barracks, while one film even has a spy feel to it.
Asked what the future is for Endeavour, Evans says: "This series definitely sets up more for a return. There are lots of questions to answer.
"But there are lots of factors involved. So you just take this job one day at a time."
And the star, who would love to do more work behind the camera (he directed an episode of BBC One drama Casualty last year), insists they will know when the time is right to say goodbye to Endeavour.
"I think it has got a shelf life," they say, "and I think the trick is to leave before everyone is sick of you!"
Something tells us no one will ever be sick of Inspector Morse.
Endeavour returns to ITV on Sunday, February 4 at 8pm
1:44 TRAILER: Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Pause
3:29 WWI and WWII off the Coast of North Carolina
2:03 First Look at World War II Shipwrecks Off NC Coast
2:33 Iconic Star Wars actor Carrie Fisher has died at age 60
3:11 Pet pig's botched butchering leads to arrest
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
1:20 The United States of Powerball
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
1:38 Dave Barry goes searching for protesters on the campaign trail
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Kim Yong-chol, left, arrived at their New York hotel ahead of meeting Mike Pompeo
The right-hand man to North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has arrived in New York to discuss a historic summit with US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo.
Gen Kim Yong-chol flew in from the Chinese capital Beijing on an Air China flight.
 They are the most senior North Korean to visit the US in nearly 20 years.
President Donald Trump previously cancelled the 12 June summit but both sides have since made fresh efforts to hold it as planned.
Scheduled to happen in Singapore, the historic meeting would be the first between sitting US and North Korean leaders.
Mr Pompeo plans to dine with Gen Kim ahead of talks on Thursday.
US officials have also met North Korean envoys in Panmunjom on the inter-Korean border, while more US diplomats have arrived in Singapore to prepare for the event.
Skip Twitter post by @realDonaldTrump We have put a great team together for our talks with North Korea. Meetings are currently taking place concerning Summit, and more. Kim Young Chol, the Vice Chairman of North Korea, heading now to New York. Solid response to my letter, thank you! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 29, 2018 Report
White House spokesperson Sarah Sanders confirmed the leaders still planned to meet next month.
"As the president says, if it happens, we'll certainly be ready," Ms Sanders said.
In further diplomatic moves ahead of the proposed summit, Russia announced that Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov would visit North Korea on Thursday.
They and Mr Pompeo spoke on Wednesday for the first time on the phone.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The nuclear word Trump and Kim can't agree on
Salvaging a summit?
By Barbara Plett Usher, BBC state department correspondent in New York
The tone from the White House has been upbeat in recent days and spokesperson Sarah Sanders sounded optimistic that the summit would go ahead on 12 June, as originally planned.
They would not say, though, what exactly Mike Pompeo needed to hear from Kim Yong-chol in order to make that happen.
Gen Kim is a seasoned nuclear negotiator and trusted aid to Kim Jong-un. They would have the authority to give details about what Pyongyang can and cannot put on the table when it comes to negotiations on dismantling its nuclear weapons.
The fact that such a high-level North Korean official has come to the US to try and patch things up shows how much both leaders want the summit to go ahead.
Image copyright AFP/Getty Image caption Kim Yong-chol (left) is known as North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's right-hand man
President Trump cancelled the proposed summit in a letter, blaming "tremendous anger and open hostility" from North Korea.
The country had strongly objected to statements by Trump administration members comparing North Korean denuclearisation to Libya's.
Former Libyan leader Colonel Gaddafi gave up their nuclear programme only for them to be killed by Western-backed rebels a few years later.
Financial firms' increased reliance on technology needs to be managed to ensure it does not go against the best interest of consumers, according to the Central Bank.
In its latest Consumer Protection Outlook Report, the financial authority says that while it encourages innovation, the deployment of FinTech must be done in a way that ensures fairness for customers.
The Central Bank says that as firms try to move customers towards online channels, they "must ensure that the necessary protections are in place to deliver the right consumer outcomes".
Companies should also be careful to avoid excluding particular types of consumers as a result of such a move, it says.
Separately the authority also warns that while firms may be under pressure to reduce costs, they should ensure that good quality customer service is maintained.
This will help to avoid errors and overcharging, it says, and helps to maintain the company's relationship with its customers.
The report also highlights the increased risk of systems failures and cyberattacks that comes from companies ever-growing reliance on technology and says that customers expect their financial service providers to offer a reliable and safe service at all times.
Beyond technology the Central Bank points to a number of other risks facing consumers at present, including high levels of personal debt and the cost of insurance.
More broadly it highlights the lack of a consumer-focused culture within many firms, which includes better communication with customers and an openness to feedback.
This, it says, helps companies to build stronger relationships with their clients while also allowing them to better identify emerging risks in the business.
The Central Bank says that while it has seen some firms making progress in this area, "there is clearly some way to go in making the sustainable shift that is needed".
Such a shift is heavily reliant on the board and senior management within a firm, it says, which plays an important role in setting the tone and direction of a company's culture.
Firms should also put internal consumer risk frameworks in place to ensure that they are actively identifying and managing risks as a matter of course.
PHILADELPHIA — The Latest on rapper Meek Mill's release from jail on bail (all times local):
8:05 p.m.
Newly freed rapper Meek Mill has rung the ceremonial bell before the start of Game 5 of the Philadelphia 76ers-Miami Heat playoff series in Philadelphia.
Sixers co-owner Michael Rubin posted a picture of themselves with Mill on Instagram Tuesday night with the caption “On the way to the sixers game let's go.”
Mill was freed from a prison outside Philadelphia shortly before 7 p.m.
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court had directed a Philadelphia judge who had jailed them to immediately issue an order freeing them on bail while they appeal decade-old drug and gun violations.
Mill was sentenced in November to 2 to 4 years in prison for violating probation.
While they were incarcerated, celebrities including Rubin and New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft, visited them and offered their support.
——
6:55 p.m.
Rapper Meek Mill is out of jail after being held behind bars for five months for probation violations.
Mill took off in a helicopter shortly before 7 p.m. Tuesday from the prison outside of Philadelphia.
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court on Tuesday directed a Philadelphia judge who had jailed them to immediately issue an order freeing them on bail while they appeal decade-old drug and gun violations.
Mill was sentenced in November to 2 to 4 years in prison for violating probation.
A team of lawyers and public relations consultants had waged an all-out battle to get them freed on bail.
Philadelphia's district attorney believes Mill should get a new trial because of questions raised about the credibility of their arresting officer.
——
4:30 p.m.
Pennsylvania's highest court has ordered a judge to free rapper Meek Mill on bail while they appeal decade-old gun and drug convictions.
The Supreme Court directed a Philadelphia judge who had jailed them to immediately issue an order releasing them on unsecured bail.
Mill was sentenced in November to 2 to 4 years in prison for violating probation.
Mill issued a statement saying their five months in jail have been “a nightmare” and thanking all their supporters.
A team of lawyers and public relations consultants had waged an all-out battle to get them freed on bail.
Prosecutors say they believe Mill should get a new trial because of questions raised about the credibility of their arresting officer.
There is an old Zen saying, "Wherever you go, there you are." A modern, less Zen variation on this may be, "Whatever you apply for, there's your credit score." In so many situations, that finicky three-digit number is used to judge us; if it's subpar or non-extant, we may have to pay more, or see our way out the door.
However, not having credit can be worse than having a low credit score.
"If someone doesn't have a credit score, they can't show they've been responsible with their credit and bills. Lenders may be nervous and decline applications because there's no history for them to analyze," Bethy Hardeman, chief consumer advocate at Credit Karma, told NBC News.
And it's not just buying a home or purchasing a car that is adversely affected by poor credit.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Why You Could Soon See Your Credit Score Go Up 1:35 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Credit Affects More Than You May Know
A new report by WalletHub found that people with no credit pay 65 percent more for car insurance than people with excellent credit, on average.
“Many consumers probably don't realize their credit score is being used at all when they're applying for car insurance,” said WalletHub's Jill Gonzalez.
Alaina Leary, a 24-year-old based in Boston, Massachusetts, is one such consumer. Leary's credit was slashed as a result of identity theft, and while they knew this would affect their chances at getting a loan for a car (at the dealership, they provided proof of regular income, copies of their savings and checking account, and receipts of bills paid on time), they didn't know the dismal score would drive up the price of their car insurance policy.
"I have a shorter driving history than most people my age, so I assumed the cost was inflated due to that," said Leary.
It may be a shocker for some, but it's actually nothing new for car insurance companies.
“Credit has been used for at least 17 years and has been proven to be an effective tool by insurance companies to predict risk of claims,” said John Espenschied, agency owner and manager of Insurance Brokers Group. “The thought process is simple: Responsible people are more conscientious about their credit and tend to be more thoughtful about filing small claims, and are more cautious drivers.”
This kind of thinking — that good credit reflects a responsible adult — is one that all kinds of companies embrace, including, quite possibly, your prospective employer.
A 2016 Career Builder study found that 29 percent of companies ran a credit check on potential hires.
Not having credit can be worse than having a low credit score iStockphoto / Getty Images
“In most cases, employers can't actually check your credit score, but checking an individual's credit report actually give them far more information about the individual such as public records like bankruptcies and tax liens, balances and payment history on loans, like mortgages and student loans, even things like medical bills,” said Ian Atkins, financial analyst at Fit Small Business, adding that employers have to get written permission in order to do a credit check and must also advise if a credit check will lead to not getting the job or a promotion. “To date, 11 states have passed laws to limit a potential employer's ability to check your credit, but even the strictest of those laws have exemptions.”
What's The New Grad to Do? Pay Them Rent.
It can all feel horribly daunting — not just for those working to build their credit back up, but to those who haven't yet established a credit history. Credit isn't easy to form because credit card companies, like any other lenders, don't want to trust someone with no history. Most commonly, a parent will bring you on as an authorized user to give you a foundation. Or, you'll pay a bank a refundable security deposit (usually a minimum of $200) for a secured credit card.
But alternative methods have emerged and are gaining steam as practical ways to launch or rehabilitate a credit score. One way? Paying your rent — and proving that you do it in full and on time.
Companies like Rental Kharma, RentTrack, and Credit Rent Boost work with consumers who are either trying to create or improve credit by reporting their rent history to a credit bureau.
"We report monthly rent payments and validate it through the landlord," said Sarah Roberts, partner, Credit Rent Boost. “For 12 months at the same residence, we charge $35; if a property manager signs up their entire complex, we give everyone the current year free of charge.”
Roberts added that Credit Rent Boost can report up to two full previous years of rent paying, which “boosts credit scores by an average of 35 points, and have helped [scores grow by] over 100 points.”
A Nest Egg That Builds Your Credit
Another way to build your credit is to set up an account with a company like Self Lender, which is like a "savings plan that builds credit,” said James Garvey, co-founder and CEO of Self Lender.
The process entailed with Self Lender is similar to setting up a secured credit card line with a bank, but requires less money up front: a $12 deposit to set it up, and then monthly payments of $48.50 for one year, Garvey explained. You can't touch the money while you're depositing it, but at the end of the year, $550 plus 55 cents in earned interest (hey, that's enough to buy a postage stamp) is yours, and you've established credit history with all three credit bureaus.
Garvey says that on average, customers who started from scratch build a credit score of 650 using Self Lender — if they make all their payments in full and on time.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed This Is the System Keeping Your Credit Cards Safe 2:12 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Stay on Top of It
Keep in mind that companies like Credit Rent Boost or Self Lender report not only the good but also the bad: if you're late with rent while using Credit Rent Boost, or if you miss a monthly payment with Self Lender — your delinquencies will be reported, and it won't be pretty.
“If you don't pay you will still establish a credit history — just not the kind you want,” said Garvey.
And of course, while these businesses can help you build up credit — it's up to you to keep your score above cruising altitude. Not only should you make all payments on time, you should look at bringing down interest rates.
Related: Free Credit Score? Not So Fast
“Once you have a high enough credit score (700+) and a decent income, you can refinance your loans to a lower interest rate,” said Brandon Yahn, CEO and founder of Student Loans Guy. “If your income isn't high enough to meet your monthly payment amount, you can go on an income-driven repayment plan for your federal loans.”
You should also check not only your credit score regularly, but read through your credit report at least once a year.
“Under federal law, you are entitled to view your credit report every 12 months from each credit bureau (Experian, TransUnion, and Equifax),” said Zack Friedman, founder and CEO of Make Lemonade. “Since each credit bureau may have different information about your credit history, your credit score may vary across the three lenders.”
Related: Why Your Credit Score May Have Just Gone Up
Also worth noting: It's essential to remain wary of companies that promise to clean up your credit files and boost your score. Last month, four California-based credit repair companies agreed to settle charges brought by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau that they deceived consumers and charged them illegal fees. The companies — Commercial Credit Consultants, Prime Credit, IMC Capital and Park View Law — did not admit any wrongdoing, but they'll pay fines and restitution totaling more than two million dollars.
“Under the law, companies cannot charge for credit repair services until six months after they have achieved the promised results,” Deborah Morris, CFPB deputy enforcement director, told NBC News. “Here they charged three types of fees which all began within the first three months of signing up for the service. Those fees were charged in violation of the law.”
In a joint statement, Commercial Credit Consultants, IMC Capital, Prime Credit and their former principals said they decided “with great reluctance” to settle the case and pay the $1.5 million in order to avoid the “further time and expense of a legal battle over an enterprise that we sold several years ago.”
Related: Many Americans Are Still Totally Confused About Credit Scores
The attorney for Arthur Barens, who owned Park View Law and who's agreed to pay $500,000 in relinquished funds to the U.S. Treasury, sent NBC News a statement from their client: “Unfortunately, the burden of litigation against a large government agency can be overwhelming,” Barens wrote.” This investigation had dragged on for more than two years and in an effort to put this matter behind me and get on with my life, I chose to pay a fraction of what the CFPB sought to settle its allegations. Most telling about this settlement is that there have been no findings of any wrongdoing or any harm to consumers.”
The fact is there's no quick fix for poor credit, no matter what the ads claim. Credit repair companies cannot remove information that is negative but accurate from your credit history. If there really is an error in your file, it's your legal right to challenge it and you can do that for free.
“Never take a credit repair offer at face value and always be aware of the limitations of those services,” cautioned Bruce McClary, vice president of communications for the National Foundation for Credit Counseling. “This is especially true in situations where people are promised impossible results and asked to pay in advance.”
LANDOVER, Md. (AP) There they were on a late November afternoon, seemingly headed in opposite directions: Aaron Rodgers and the Green Bay Packers were 4-6 and losers of four games in a row; Kirk Cousins and the Washington Redskins were 6-3-1 and winners of six of eight.
Right after the Packers were beaten by the Redskins by 18 points in Week 11, Rodgers insisted, bereft of much supporting evidence, ”I'm very optimistic.”
Turned out they knew what they were talking about.
And Cousins declared, ”It's great to be playing the way we're playing.”
Turned out it didn't last.
Since then? The Packers (10-6) reeled off six consecutive victories, with Rodgers throwing 15 TD passes and zero interceptions, capped by a 31-24 win at the Detroit Lions on Sunday night to win the NFC North. The Redskins (8-7-1) lost four of their last six games, capped by an inexplicably listless 19-10 defeat against the visiting, nothing-at-stake-for-them New York Giants to blow a playoff berth.
”Just have to find a way to get it done. That's what good teams do,” Washington defensive end Chris Baker said in a quiet locker room. ”We just weren't good enough this year.”
With so much at stake, the Redskins were flat as can be against the Giants, who already were locked into the NFC's No. 5 seed. Washington looked like the team with nothing to play for, trailing 10-0 at halftime. After tying it at 10-all, then falling behind 13-10, the Redskins let their last real chance slip away when Cousins was intercepted by Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie for the second time.
”I'm going to go into this offseason with a hunger that has always been there,” Cousins vowed after throwing two picks against New York, ”but certainly, when the season ends this way, it will be there and it will be strong.”
The playoffs begin next weekend without the Redskins:
– Saturday: Raiders at Texans, Lions at Seahawks.
– Sunday: Dolphins at Steelers, Giants at Packers.
Awaiting the winners of those games will be the top seeds: No. 1 Patriots and No. 2 Chiefs in the AFC, No. 1 Cowboys and No. 2 Falcons in the NFC.
In case you missed it, here are the other top topics after the NFL season's last regular-season Sunday:
MVP?
Rodgers could wind up as the MVP, as could Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott or Falcons QB Matt Ryan. But given that the main story line heading into the season involved Tom Brady's four-game ”Deflategate” suspension, it somehow would be fitting for them to wind up with the honor. They finished off the best TD-INT rate for a season in NFL history – 28-2 – as the Patriots (14-2) beat Miami 35-14 . Plus, Brady tied Peyton Manning's career record of 51 games with three or more touchdown passes and zero interceptions.
SEE YA
More coaches on the way out: Chip Kelly (San Francisco) and Mike McCoy (San Diego) were fired, while Gary Kubiak resigned because of health concerns one year after leading Denver to a Super Bowl championship. Adds those openings to earlier exits of Jeff Fisher in Los Angeles, Gus Bradley in Jacksonville, and Rex Ryan in Buffalo.
ROMO RETURNS
Playing in the regular season for the first time in more than a year, Tony Romo threw a TD pass in limited duty in place of the man who replaced them as Dallas' QB, Dak Prescott. The Cowboys lost 27-13 to the Eagles in a completely meaningless game, while Romo got a brief chance to show they could help in the postseason if needed.
QB TROUBLE
Could be quite a quarterback matchup when Oakland plays at Houston in the playoffs. That's because the Raiders, already without Derek Carr because of a broken leg, saw backup Matt McGloin hurt their shoulder injury in Sunday's 24-6 loss at the Broncos, leaving rookie Connor Cook – they of zero NFL starts – under center. And the Texans, who recently benched expensive free agent Brock Osweiler for Tom Savage, aren't sure which will play next week. Savage started Houston's 24-17 loss at Tennessee, left to be evaluated for a concussion after a QB sneak, returned after being cleared, then was held out again in the second half.
—
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP-NFL
—
Follow Howard Fendrich on Twitter: http://twitter.com/HowardFendrich
Rabbit rescue organizations are preparing for an influx of surrendered and stray bunnies as Easter weekend comes to an end.
Kaylie Ngo, president of London, Ont.,-based Hoppy Hearts, said the peak season for their rescue starts in June and July — and much of the volume stems from bunnies that were hastily purchased as Easter gifts for kids.
Bunnies are usually given as gifts when they're about eight weeks old, Ngo said. But after a few months, their personalities start to shift.
“They start becoming very hormonal and active little teenagers that like to poop and pee and start destroying things,” they said.
The executive director of Rabbit Rescue Inc. in Cambridge, Ont., said oftentimes, parents who buy the animals for their kids don't understand what they're getting into.
“They're really similar to cats and dogs, not like hamsters and gerbils,” Haviva Porter-Lush said. They can't be kept in a small cage, for instance. Porter-Lush recommends keeping them in a pen or a dedicated room to themselves.
And they're also more like cats and dogs in terms of cost than many people realize, they added.
“When people see them in the store for $30 or $40, they don't realize that, say, 'in five or six months time, I'm going to need to spend $300 to $700 getting my rabbit spayed.”'
Ngo said that sometimes, a lack of veterinary care can be an issue for rabbit owners.
“Despite being the third most popular pet in North America, they are still considered an exotic pet by many veterinarians, and it can be really, really hard to find a good veterinarian to care for the rabbit,” they said.
Both Hoppy Hearts and Rabbit Rescue Inc. send rabbits that are up for adoption to foster homes — neither organization has a dedicated shelter space.
“It's hard, because it's a busy time of year and we get full very quickly,” said Porter-Lush, adding that they're limited by the number of people who have agreed to act as foster families.
In fact, Ngo said their rescue has become so busy that it's had to stop accepting owner-surrendered bunnies. Right now, they said, Hoppy Hearts is only taking in rabbits that have been abandoned outside.
“Even if only temporarily, being put outside is a death sentence,” they said.
So when they get the call about a domestic rabbit that someone has spotted outside, they act fast. Ngo said that at least two people will go out to the scene and try to corral the rabbit into a pen.
Then, they scan the bunny for immediate health concerns: dental issues, parasites and injuries. If it's all clear, they go ahead and get the bunny spayed or neutered as quickly as possible.
Both Ngo and Porter-Lush recommend fostering a rabbit before eventually adopting one — it's less commitment, and gives people a chance to see whether a rabbit is a good fit for their household.
The man at the center of the storm over allegations of illegal surveillance by the FBI and Justice Department said Friday that the memo released by House Republicans vindicates him.
The memo alleged that Justice officials acted improperly when they used an unverified dossier prepared by a former British spy to renew a surveillance warrant for Carter Page, a foreign policy adviser to Donald Trump during the presidential campaign.
Page, speaking from Britain, told The Post that the memo's release would help “restore law and order in our great country.”
“The brave and assiduous oversight by congressional leaders in discovering this unprecedented abuse of process represents a giant, historic leap in the repair of America's democracy,” Page said.
“Now that a few of the misdeeds against the Trump movement have been partially revealed, I look forward to updating my pending legal action in opposition to DOJ this weekend in preparation for Monday's next small step on the long, potholed road toward helping to restore law and order in our great country,” they said, referring to a federal lawsuit they filed against the government.
Page has had a lucrative career doing business with Russia and its state-run gas industry and had been on the FBI's radar since at least 2013 because of meetings they held with Kremlin-connected Russians.
They have not been charged in the special counsel's probe of Russian meddling in the presidential election.
The memo linked ex-British spy Christopher Steele to senior Justice official Bruce Ohr, whose wife, Nellie, worked for Fusion GPS, the firm that hired Steele to prepare the Trump dossier.
Steele, according to the memo, admitted to Ohr that they “was desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about them not being president.”
Ohr's revelations about Steele's bias “prove sleazeball Steele's agenda” against Trump, said Page.
“It's all rubbish,” Page said of the dossier, “at least every word about me.”
Additional reporting by Bob Fredericks
Image copyright McGill's
Speculation is mounting that one of Scotland's largest independent bus firms is preparing to float on the stock market.
It follows the appointment by McGill's of former Arriva chief executive David Martin as a non-executive director.
In announcing the move, McGill's said Mr Martin's "experience of managing flotations" would "prove to be invaluable."
McGill's declined to expand when approached by BBC Scotland.
Greenock-based McGill's Bus Service Ltd is owned by Arranglen, the investment vehicle of the Easdale family.
It runs buses in Glasgow, Renfrewshire, East Renfrewshire and Inverclyde, as well as North and South Lanarkshire.
In its most recent financial results, the firm reported turnover of £40m, along with a 12.5% rise in pre-tax profits.
Image caption David Martin stepped down as chief executive of transport giant Arriva last December
In announcing Mr Martin's appointment, McGill's chairperson James Easdale said: "McGill's is entering a new phase with this appointment.
"David will be invaluable when it comes to new acquisitions, both here in the UK and abroad.
"His experience of managing flotations will also prove to be invaluable."
McGill's managing director Ralph Roberts added: "David Martin is one of the leading figures in the transport industry and they oversaw the international development of Arriva across Europe and facilitated its acquisition by Deutsche Bahn in 2010.
"He brings with them decades of experience and a vast expertise that will help us as we continue to expand."
Mr Martin continues to advise the boards of Arriva and DB Group, having stepped down from the chief executive role at Arriva in December last year.
ANDOVER, Ohio (WYTV) – Building homes for fish was the task Wednesday at Pymatuning Lake. Over 100 volunteers showed up to help.
As part of a project hosted by the Ohio and Pennsylvania departments of natural resources, new structures were built to create a habitat for fish to thrive.
The new structures are needed because much of the natural habitats such as stumps and trees have rotted away.
“It's a flat mud bottom, now,” said Dewey Forsythe, president of Pymatuning Lake Association.
Volunteers started by making a bottom frame of wood. Then cinder blocks were placed in the base. This way the new structure will sink to the lake floor. More wood is nailed down on top in a crisscross way, which will allow the fish to be able to swim through.
Once the structures were complete a boat transferred them to designated spots in the lake and drops them in.
“We are basically building porcupine crib juniors and basically what those do is imitate the old stumps that have been disappearing from Pymatuning for the past 70 to 80 years,” said Matt Wolf, fishery biologist with the Ohio Department of Natural Resources.
Wolf said it only takes five minutes for the fish to move into their new homes and is the largest project they host every year. It takes the help of every volunteer that shows up to get the work done.
In the past 20 years, the event has created and dropped over 1,800 cribs in the lake.
It doesn't appear Woody Johnson's appointment as U.S. ambassador to the United Kingdom will have any effect on how the Jets, who haven't made the playoffs since 2010, are run.
Sorry, Jets fans.
Trump, who will be inaugurated Friday, on Thursday referred to Johnson as “ambassador'' during a Washington, D.C. luncheon and also said Johnson is “going to St. James,” a reference to the Court of St. James's. The U.S. ambassador to the U.K. is known formally as the ambassador to the Court of St. James.
“Congratulations,” Trump told Johnson, who served as a vice chairperson of the Trump Victory Committee, the joint fundraising committee between the Trump campaign and the Republican National Committee, and helped raise millions of dollars for Trump's campaign.
Incoming White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer confirmed Johnson's appointment, which had been rumored for months.
The Jets on Thursday offered no comment on the proceedings, but it's believed Johnson's brother, Christopher Wold Johnson, who is 12 years younger than Woody, will elevate their role in the organization.
The 69-year-old Jets owner was asked by reporters after the season about the possible appointment by Trump, who's a long-time friend of his, and said “it would be an honor to be considered,” declining to elaborate further.
NFL rules do not require Johnson, who bought the Jets in 2000, to sell the team because they will be living in England. Johnson, who serves on three NFL committees and likely will resign those positions, simply won't be visible at the Jets games, which they almost always attends.
There is some precedent with Steelers chairperson Dan Rooney having served as the ambassador to Ireland under the Obama administration from 2009 to 2012. Rooney resigned their committee posts and traveled back and forth to some home games, but they relinquished the day-to-day operations to their son, Art Rooney II, the team president.
6 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Ahead of tonight's first Challenge Cup quarter-final between Salford and Wakefield, TotalRL takes a look at where the game could be won and lost for the Devils and Trinity..
Robert Lui v Liam Finn
Both Lui and Finn have been the standout half-back for their teams in recent weeks – and you suspect whichever of the two gets the upper hand tonight, their team will become huge favourites to progress to the last four. Lui's devastating play close to the line will test Trinity without question – but if Finn's kicking game is up to its usual high standards, it could prove to be a difficult night for the Red Devils.
Gareth O'Brien v Scott Grix
The battle of the full-backs is a fascinating one. Both have established themselves as the leading players in their position this season; O'Brien has continued where they left off in the Million Pound Game and has increasingly become the heartbeat of Ian Watson's new-look side, while Grix has been an incredible signing since making the move across West Yorkshire from Huddersfield Giants. They will both provide a steadying influence without question – but It's who produces the big, game-breaking plays which could be key.
Ben Jones-Bishop and Mason Caton-Brown v Jake Bibby and Niall Evalds
All four wingers were plying their trade at Salford as recently as two years ago – but tonight, Jones-Bishop and Caton-Brown will be aiming to send their former employers out of the Challenge Cup. Caton-Brown scored a hat-trick at Salford two weeks ago and they are in magnificent form at the moment – but the departure of Justin Carney and injury to Greg Johnson has afforded Evalds and Bibby respectively chances they, so far at least, have taken with both hands. The edges could prove to be the place where the game is won and lost given the recent form of all four.
Shouldn't you be up for a raise soon?
Unemployment benefit claims fell last week to a 43-year low. That means the labor market is getting tighter than ever and — theoretically — companies should have to pay workers more to attract and keep them. But don't go out and lease a new Camaro just yet.
"The closest we can come to making a safe bet is to say that we'll see higher wage growth when employers have no other alternatives but to pay more," said Mark Hamrick, senior economic analyst at Bankrate.
A worker at an Amazon shipping center in Schertz, Texas. Robert Daemmrich Photography | Corbis | Getty Images
With 5.6 million Americans working part time but wanting full-time work, plus the remaining pockets of slack in the work force around the country — not to mention the continuing march of automation — most bosses aren't ready to say "yes" to anyone's pleas for a bigger paycheck.
Jobless claims dropped by 12,000 to 234,000 for the week ending February 4, the Labor Department said. That was close to the 43-year low of 233,000 hits in early November.
Despite the economic recovery since the 2008 recession, wage growth has remained stubbornly sluggish for American workers.
In January, real earnings rose by just 0.1 percent, even as employers added an unexpected 227,000 jobs. And the rates of increase increase in real earnings still have yet to return to their levels from the start of the Great Recession.
Despite the recovery, real earnings still aren't increasing as much as they were at the beginning of the Great Recession. U.S. Bureau of Labor and Statistics
That sounds like a paradox until you lift up the rock and look at the squiggly worms underneath:
The New Jobs Pay Less
Jobs lost during the recession were largely in the manufacturing and construction areas, Stefano Scarpetta, an economist with the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development think tank, told the Wall Street Journal. The jobs that are coming back are mainly in the service industries, and they don't pay as well.
Invisible Wage Depression
Many firms couldn't cut wages as much as they wanted to during the recession. Instead they implemented slower wage increases, the WSJ reports.
Churning Labor Forces
Low-wage workers were laid off much more during the downturn than others, and now that they're coming back, their low wages are pulling down the average.
In contrast to previous recoveries, "more substantial wage growth continues to be the proverbial icing on the cake of the economic recovery that has yet to be served up," said Hamrick.
"This disconnect helps to fuel Americans' disappointment with the economic recovery, explaining why some are suspicious of economic data heralded as suggesting the U.S. economy is largely fully healed."
Scottish Water is facilitating the generation of more renewable power than it consumes for the first time since it launched efforts to reduce its energy bill and increase renewable generation five years ago.
The utility company, which provides essential 24-7 services to customers across Scotland, is one of the biggest users of electricity in the country and requires about 445 Gigawatt hours (GWh) per year across 4500 sites such as water and waste water treatment works.
This is enough to power nearly 140,000 homes occupied by more than 300,000 people,
Through a combination of Scottish Water's own investment in renewable energy and hosting private investment on its estate, new figures confirm that the company now generates and hosts more renewable power than it consumes annually and is on course to double this by 2018.
Scottish Water's increase in renewable power generation, which supports the Scottish Government's ambitious renewable heat and carbon reduction targets, has been achieved by improving energy efficiency, increasing self-generation and hosting private renewable investment on the company's estate.
The company's milestone was welcomed by Roseanna Cunningham, the Cabinet Secretary for Environment, Climate Change and Land Reform, who said: “I am delighted that Scottish Water has met this significant milestone. By generating and hosting more renewable power than they consume, they are providing a great example to other companies of how improving energy efficiency and investing in renewable power can have a real impact. For them, renewable power is lowering their electricity bill – helping to keep customers' water charges low.
“As we consider our current draft Climate Change Plan and consult on Scotland's draft Energy Strategy, this impressive achievement shows that the Government's ambition to reduce carbon greenhouse gas emissions by 66% by 2032 is realistic. I therefore congratulate Scottish Water on this achievement and hope that their actions provide confidence to other businesses and public sector organisations to invest in renewable power.”
Chris Toop, General Manager of Scottish Water's energy programme, said Scottish Water was delighted to have reached this important milestone in its efforts to reduce its energy bill and increase renewable generation.
They said: “Every day, Scottish Water provides customers with 1.37 billion litres of drinking water before collecting and treating 921 million litres of waste water.
“Providing those essential services requires a lot of power but our infrastructure also provides opportunities for us to maximise value from that asset base and fulfil our duty to act sustainably in the delivery of our services.
“We have invested in a number of innovative measures such as low-carbon, low-cost treatment technologies and doubled our renewable energy capacity to more than 54GWh through hydro, wind, photovoltaic solar, biomass boilers and combined heat and power (CHP).
“Scottish Water has installed more than 4000 smart meters to target energy opportunities and, in just three years, these have raised the annual financial benefits to more than £7m, cut carbon emissions by 16% since 2006-7 and facilitated more than £330m of private investment on its estate.
“Facilitating more renewable power than we consume makes a significant contribution to keeping the long-term cost of providing vital water and waste water services as low as possible, while supporting national economic, carbon and renewable energy targets.”
Dave Thomson, Director of Finance with Scottish Water Horizons Ltd, the public utility's commercial subsidiary which has made a significant contribution to the company's renewables targets, said: “We have invested £16m in various renewables technologies over the last few years and have committed to invest a further £50m in sustainable energy production, enhancing energy security, job creation and ultimately keeping costs low for customers.”
SNc Channels:
Search
About Salem-News.com
Zip Weather
Weather Forecast
Apr-17-2017 16:15 TweetFollow @OregonNews U.S. Sen. Claire McCaskill of Missouri and their Sordid Investigation Is there some sort of connection that we all should be aware of?
Sen Claire McCaskill is investigating something fully investigated.
Photo: American Thinker
(MYRTLE BEACH, S.C.) - Someone may want to inform Senator McCaskill that their recent call for an investigation into the prescription opioid epidemic was already launched by the U.S. Finance Committee in 2012 and as of 2017 there is still no report. So why would McCaskill demand action on an epidemic killing in the thousands every year when they are aware the waters are not uncharted? Let me try to enlighten those people, including McCaskill, why not everyone is buying what they are selling. The initial call for an investigation by the U.S. Finance Committee into the prescription opioid health crisis was launched by U.S. Senators Max Baucus (Montana) and Chuck Grassley (Iowa) who have since moved on to greener pastures. They were succeeded by Senators Orrin Hatch (Utah), Chairman of the Senate Finance Committee and Ron Wyden (Oregon). Baucus and Grassley began an investigation in May 2012 into the ties of pharmaceutical giants Purdue Pharma, Endo Pharmaceuticals and Johnson & Johnson with pharma funded pain foundations and physicians who pushed for the increased use of prescription painkillers aka opioids. This push for physicians to prescribe painkillers was by the pharmaceutical companies and their paid foundations and physician spokespersons to advocate for the "under treatment of pain". McCaskill sent letters to Purdue Pharma, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Insys Therapeutics, Mylan, and Depomed, which they said make the top-five-selling prescription painkillers.  They are seeking sales and marketing materials, any studies the companies might have conducted about the addictive properties of their drugs, information on compliance with legal settlements and figures on donations to advocacy groups. Someone wants to ask Senator McCaskill why they did not include in their "waste of taxpayer money investigation" the multi-billion dollar pharmaceutical company, Mallinckrodt who manufactures oxycodone and fentantyl and have been under U.S. Department of Justice and Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) investigation for their contributions to the prescription opioid death toll? In fact, Mallinckrodt reached a $35 million settlement to resolve its monitoring and reporting of suspicious orders of controlled substances. McCaskill did not call out Mallinckrodt because they are headquartered in their home state of Missouri. Something to hide Senator? Now, getting back to the good senator's "Joan of Arc" fight for the families who have lost loved ones to the prescription opioid epidemic... May I make a suggestion to you Senator McCaskill? Hop a plane to Utah and bring back the sealed copy of the original investigation into the prescription opioid epidemic launched in 2012. Senator Orrin Hatch has sealed the report. Why would you be launching an investigation into a life and death crisis when you have to be aware that a report has already been conducted by the U.S. Senate Finance Committee? You might want to ask Senator Hatch why they sealed the report as the death toll mounts? While you are confronting Senator Hatch as to their unethical sealing of a report that the American people are entitled to have Senator McCaskill -- and could save tens of thousands of lives -- ask Mr. Hatch if they know anything about a pain clinic in Salt Lake City, Utah. You might need to refresh Senator Hatch's memory though so I will help you out. There was a pain clinic headed by Lynn R. Webster, MD in Salt Lake City, Utah. There was a DEA raid on the clinic when patients were dying. Rumor was up to 100 deaths. A U.S. Attorney in Utah was investigating the deaths. Lawsuits were filed and settled out of court by victim families. The pain clinic was shut down and the U.S. Attorney closed their investigation. Webster moved out of the pain clinic business when there were ripplings that their license to prescribe opioids was suspended. They reinvented themselves and now is an "expert" on the research of the attributes of prescription opioids. There couldn't possibly be a connection between the sealing of a U.S. Finance Committee investigation report on the prescription opioid epidemic, Senator Hatch and Dr. Webster now could there, Senator McCaskill? And then there is your allegiance to Mallinckrodt headquartered in your state of Missouri. Too sordid to even imagine, don't you think? _________________________________________ Below are links to articles I have written since 2012 asking where the report is and more importantly where the outrage from families losing loved ones to the prescription opioid epidemic is. Don't Let FDA and Painkiller Profiteers Slide in Senate Investigation
Is the U.S. Senate responsible for thousands of deaths in sealing their fact finding report on drug epidemic?
www.globalnewscentre.com/u-s-senate-committee-on-finance-investigation-silent-on-prescription-opioid-epidemic-why/#sthash.plAU6BEH.dpbs _________________________________________
Pharma | Drugs | Medicine | Fatal | Most Commented on
Articles for April 16, 2017 | Articles for April 17, 2017 |
Man charged with killing newlywed wife who vanished at sea FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. — A man who claimed their wife disappeared at sea when their boat collided with an unknown object near the Bahamas was charged Tuesday with killing her...
Plane with 6 on board disappears from radar in the Bahamas NASSAU, Bahamas — Authorities lost track of a small plane with six people on board Wednesday as it traveled between two islands in the Bahamas and searchers later found a...
I was nearly crushed to death 330-feet underwater It was the deepest free dive I had ever attempted. Looming beneath me was the deep abyss of Dean's Blue Hole that plunged to a depth of 662 feet. I...
Bahamas resort celebrates relaunch with star-studded bash Brooke Shields was said to be having so much fun soaking up the sun, they almost missed a VIP private dinner catered by José Andrés.
At resort for the obese, super-strong chaise lounges and three buffets a day When Shawn-Marie Riley arrived at what's believed to be the world's only plus-size resort, the 375-pound Texan immediately felt right at home. “Being able to feel ‘normal,' even for a...
Newlyweds go missing while flying to honeymoon Friends and family of a Texas couple are frantically searching for them after the newlyweds went missing on their way to the Bahamas last month. Forrest and Donna Sanco took...
Coast Guard: Debris appears to be missing plane The US Coast Guard has found what it believes to be debris from the plane carrying a Manhattan CEO, their two kids and boyfriend, an official said Tuesday. “We believe...
Small plane carrying family vanishes in Bermuda Triangle A Tribeca event planner, their ­pilot boyfriend and their two young sons disappeared in a plane in the Bermuda Triangle, and authorities said Tuesday they found a “debris field” near...
Fyre Festival faces huge bills, still hasn't paid anyone The festival still owes the island hundreds of thousands of dollars and has not paid anyone for their services.
Video
AcroCadabra is an acrobatic and dance act that incorporates magic and illusion.
The group, made up of 33 schoolchildren from Spotlight Stage School in Birmingham, feature in the live semi-finals for Britain's Got Talent.
If the dream of winning comes true, they hope to put the prize money towards entering next year's Dance World Cup.
It's easy to trip up on our diet and exercise goals when holed up in an office all day. But that doesn't mean you have to surrender in the battle of the bulge.
Fox News spoke with Lauren Blake, a dietitian at The Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center, and Angel Planells, a Seattle-based dietitian and spokesperson for the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics, about some common diet mistakes people make at work, and how to fix them:
1. You sit for hours on end
Sitting too long can really sabotage weight loss goals because every movement counts, Blake said. Try taking the stairs instead of the elevator, or go for a brief walk around the office every 30-45 minutes, Planells recommended.
2. You aren't prepared for a hunger attack
If you don't have healthy snacks on hand, you're more likely to head for the vending machine or mindlessly reach into the office candy jar. Blake and Planells recommended keeping healthy snacks like fruit and nuts on hand.
3. You suffer from on-the-job stress
Chronic stress can trigger cortisol, a stress hormone that leads to fat storage and sugar cravings, Blake said. Try taking deep breaths, giving yourself small breaks, or going for a walk to manage your stress levels, they recommended.
4. You eat at your desk
Eating at our desks “is a big no-no,” Planells told Fox News. When you do so, you're not as mindful of what you're eating, and you may overeat, they explained. Opt for a common dining area instead.
5. You don't get enough sunshine
Studies have shown sun exposure is associated with a lower body mass index, so try to get some sunlight throughout the day, Blake recommended.
6. You forget to pack your lunch
If you don't pack your lunch, you're more likely to rely on fast food, Blake explained. Commit to packing a lunch one to two days per week. If you do eat out, “look for any way you can add vegetables,” Blake said, whether that's a salad or lean protein and veggies. Or, opt for a soup and salad, Planells suggested.
7. Your coworkers' bad habits rub off on you
Sometimes, you may be tempted to go out more with your coworkers, or else partake in some of the decadent treats or snacks they bring, Planells said. Even if you can't abstain from the treats, Planells said, try just taking a small portion — a half or a quarter of a donut, for instance.
Why it matters to you If Google Translate didn't support your language before, chances are it does now. The latest update covers more than a billion people.
More than 500 million people around the world use Google to translate words and phrases, but the Mountain View company is nothing if not ambitious. On Monday, it announced the addition of 30 languages and locales to its suite of web- and phone-based translation apps, bringing the total number of supported languages to 119.
Google says the expanded support covers more than one billion speakers.
The additions include Georgian, African dialects of Swahili and Amharic, and Indian languages like Urdu, Tamil, Malayalam, and Gujarati. Google said it worked with native speakers to collect speech samples, training machine learning models to understand the languages' nuances.
“[We asked] them to read common phrases,” Daan van Esch, a technical program manager at Google's Speech division, said in a blog post. “This process trained our machine learning models to understand the sounds and words of the new languages and to improve their accuracy when exposed to more examples over time.”
The languages are available across Google's range of translation apps, including Translate and Gboard. In the case of the latter keyboard app, though, users have to manually enable the language via the apps' Voice Typing and Voice Search settings.
Here's how:
Install Gboard from the Play Store. Head over to Settings > Languages and Input > Virtual Keyboard > Gboard. You can also access these settings from the keyboard by pressing on the G icon, and selecting the Settings wheel.
from the Play Store. Head over to Settings > Languages and Input > Virtual Keyboard > Gboard. You can also access these settings from the keyboard by pressing on the G icon, and selecting the Settings wheel. Tap on Voice Typing > Languages to add more languages.
To voice type in Gboard , tap the mic icon on the upper right when the keyboard is open.
, tap the mic icon on the upper right when the keyboard is open. Next, open the Google app .
. Tap the three lines on the top left and go to Settings. Tap Voice > Languages and add the ones you want.
New languages aren't the only thing heading to Google's speech recognition. Starting Monday, Gboard is gaining support for “emoji-to-text” — you can say something like “winky face emoji,” and it'll paste the relevant emoji for you. Google is also upgrading its Cloud Speech API, its voice transcription developer toolkit, with expanded support for audio timestamps and files up to three hours in length.
“[The] new expanded language support […] enables users in more countries to use speech to access products and services that up until now have never been available to them,” Dan Aharon, product manager at Google's Cloud Platform, said in a blog post.
The entertainment technology company's results were still way up from a year ago, when it posted earnings of 6 cents per share on revenue of $1.96 billion. But the results fell slightly short even of Netflix's own forecasts of adding 5.2 million subscribers in the first quarter — 1.5 million domestic streamers and 3.7 million internationally.
The company said the 22 percent year-over-year decrease in international subscriber additions was in part "lapping" last year's massive global expansion.
Subscriber growth is a key metric for analysts. Domestic growth can signal that the company's core market has yet to mature, analysts said, while the international market has shown the most rapid new growthprospects.
The California-based company is now dumping cash into original content to maintain its dominance over its growing field of rivals. The company's had $423 million negative free cash flow during the quarter, wider than the $261 million negative free cash flow a year ago. Netflix expects to have $2 billion in negative free cash flow this year.
Netflix said in the fall that it plans to spend $6 billion on content this year, above last year's predicted spending from companies like Amazon and CBS. Netflix also said in January it plans to produce 1,000 hours of premium original content this year — even as tech giants like Apple try their hand at original shows.
Still, the company's cash burn has been a concern for some on Wall Street. The company is spending over $1 billion in 2017 just on marketing, and streaming content obligations have swollen to $15.3 billion, up from $12.3 billion a year ago.
"We continue to believe that Netflix cash burn is important and is largely overlooked by investors," Wedbush analyst Michael Pachter said in a note ahead of the earnings release.
The following summary of calls for service/reports filed by the Riley County Police Department is a portion of those received by police. Some names, addresses, and case details are withheld to follow local, state, and federal law as well as in an attempt to protect community members from being victimized further. Those arrested are presumed innocent until proven guilty in a court of law.
MANHATTAN, KAN. –
Officers filed a report for criminal damage to property and theft in the 400 block of Poliska Ln. on February 14, 2017 at approximately 9:45 AM. Officers listed Shannon Locke, 45, of Junction City, Kansas, as the victim when they reported that an unknown suspect slashed their vehicle's tires and stole a cable sling and a 6 foot steel bar. The total loss associated with this case is approximately $1,810.00. Police ask that anyone with information contact RCPD or the Manhattan Riley County Crime Stoppers. Using the Crime Stoppers service can allow you to r emain anonymous and could qualify you for a cash reward of up to $1,000.00.
Israel Maldonado, 45, of Chapman, Kansas, was arrested while at the Riley County Police Department on February 14, 2017 at approximately 3:05 PM. Maldonado was arrested on a Riley County District Court warrant for failure to appear. Maldonado's bond was set at $5,000.00, causing them to remaind confined at the time of this report.
Lyle Henderson, 35, of Junction City, Kansas, was arrested while at the Riley County Police Department on February 14, 2017 at approximately 4:50 PM. Henderson was arrested on a Manhattan Municipal Court warrant for failure to appear. Henderson's bond was set at $7,500.00, causing them to remain confined at the time of this report.
Officers filed a report for theft in the 3700 block of Saddlehorn Trl. in Ogden, Kansas, on February 14, 2017 at approximately 6:35 PM. Officers listed Asic as the victim when the company reported that an unknown suspect took a Dynatel advanced cable locator along with electrical leads and a wrench from a work site. The total loss associated with this case is approximately $2,080.00. Police ask that anyone with information contact RCPD or the Manhattan Riley County Crime Stoppers. Using the Crime Stoppers service can allow you to remain anonymous and could qualify you for a cash reward of up to $1,000.00.
Kyle Thompson, 30, of Sheridan, Wyoming, was arrested while at the Riley County Police Department on February 14, 2017 at approximately 11:25 PM. Thompson was arrested on a Pottawatomie County District Court warrant for failure to appear. Thompson was given no bond, and was not confined at the time of this report.
Those with information about crimes in our area are encouraged to contact RCPD or the Manhattan Riley County Crime Stoppers.
Doug Gottlieb and Cris Carter joined Jason Whitlock and Colin Cowherd to discuss if Draymond Green is the most irreplaceable Warrior.
More Speak for Yourself Videos LeBron James vs. Michael Jordan – how do they compare? | SPEAK FOR YOURSELF The Warriors won't go to seven games in any series | SPEAK FOR YOURSELF Steph Curry must be the Warriors the best player to win 2017 NBA title | SPEAK FOR YOURSELF Cavaliers face no challenge returning to NBA Finals – true or false? | SPEAK FOR YOURSELF Can Carmelo Anthony save their reputation? | SPEAK FOR YOURSELF Brooklyn Nets are resting players in season finale – is this right? | SPEAK FOR YOURSELF More Speak for Yourself Videos
A container ship is seen docked at the port of San Juan as people deal with the aftermath of Hurricane Maria. Joe Raedle Getty Images
Let's talk about relationships. The word has romantic connotations, but in reality, relationships are central to every part of our lives, from the personal to the professional. So isn't it surprising that there are no courses offered at Brown intended to help students develop critical soft skills — skills that one could argue are more important to our personal and professional growth than many of the technical skills we learn in our classes now? Over the last 30 years, academics across the country have created courses specifically designed to create a more holistic college experience — one that emphasizes interpersonal expertise as well as resume qualifications. Indeed, given the growing automation in today's society, communication skills are becoming increasingly valuable in the workforce precisely because they cannot be quantified. Thus, it is about time that Brown offers soft skills training as part of its course selection.
Of course, Brown students are developing important interpersonal skills every day through their course work, extracurricular engagements and team projects. One could even argue that soft skills are not teachable — that they must be absorbed through constant human interaction and experiential learning. However, a study conducted by Boston College, Harvard and the University of Michigan found that targeted soft skills training delivers a 250 percent return on investment based on higher productivity and employee retention. Therefore, we should do away with the myth that soft skills must be developed through real world experience and are thus impossible to teach in a traditional classroom setting. There is a reason why professional recruiting places so much emphasis on behavioral interviews — companies are looking for the perfect mix of technical and interpersonal expertise. And although our courses are a great foundation for the kind of communication and leadership skills required to excel within the professional world, Brown students would benefit from Relationships 101.
The CareerLAB currently offers the closest thing to soft skills training on campus: a variety of workshops aimed at helping students prepare for and succeed at the interviewing process. These workshops are undoubtedly useful in teaching students how to best portray their skills and how to establish professional relationships with recruiters. But are they enough? Institutions such as Northeastern University have semester-long courses dedicated to teaching students professional etiquette. Meanwhile, at Brown, we often rely on peer advice when communicating with employers, as there is not always a slot open to speak with a counselor when we need guidance on email writing or informational phone calls. What's more, once we have received our job offers, we often mistakenly believe that our work is done. There are no workshops available at the career center on building networks within a company or developing the interpersonal skills that will be critical to getting promoted. Focusing on the interviewing process exclusively is a narrow-minded approach to career counseling, and it will leave many Brown students struggling to communicate and adapt within a professional setting.
Finally, some institutions are going beyond basic interpersonal training and offering targeted courses intended to help students with romantic or personal relationships. Leslie Parrott, co-founder of the Center for Relationship Development at Seattle Pacific University, claims that research regularly shows “students are often more focused on relationship quality than their careers.” In their class, Parrott focuses on teaching students how to enter and maintain healthy romantic relationships. Other universities, such as Santa Clara University, offer courses on navigating the realities and intricacies of marriage — a lesson that is often learned after one has already walked down the aisle. Although some may believe that these courses go beyond the scope of education we should expect at Brown, it is likely that such unconventional instruction would be widely beneficial. Many students find it challenging to balance their personal and professional lives upon graduation. Curricular emphasis on relationship building could certainly improve these students' overall quality of life.
We know that soft skills are critical to our success both in our personal and professional lives, yet we often neglect interpersonal training in favor of technical skills that we can plaster on our resumes. It is Brown's responsibility to help students reevaluate this delicate balance. Without a healthy education in soft skills, Brown students will likely find that a perfect GPA will fall short in the workplace. The good news is that these skills are teachable and learnable — and with a few tweaks to the Brown course selection, students can dramatically improve their overall college and post-graduation experiences.
Fabiana Vilsan '19 can be reached at fabiana_vilsan@brown.edu. Please send responses to this opinion to letters@browndailyherald.com and other op-eds to opinions@browndailyherald.com.
Bill Rademaeker/A&E
All aboard another round of Ozzy & Jack's World Detour. According to Deadline, the reality travel series starring Ozzy Osbourne and their son Jack has been renewed for a third season.
The series, which originally premiered in 2016, stars Ozzy and Jack visiting different historical and unique sites around the U.S. Season two's adventures included deep-sea fishing in Key West, Florida and dog sledding in Alaska. The first season featured the Black Sabbath frontman's return to The Alamo after their infamous arrest for public intoxication at the landmark in 1982.
Season three of Ozzy & Jack's World Detour will include eight episodes, and is tentatively scheduled to premiere in the summer on A&E.
Ozzy will be doing a lot of traveling themselves over the next couple years, as the Prince of Darkness is embarking on a farewell tour starting this spring. The trek is expected to last into 2020.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
E-commerce analysts Mary have found the best Green Monday deals for Apple iPad, Apple Macbooks for shoppers in 2017.
New York, NY (PRUnderground) December 10th, 2017
The online deal research team at Deals Factory have revealed the top iPad, Macbook, Macbook Pro deals for Green Monday 2017, and these deals are great for people who want to buy Apple gears online:
Up to $1,000 Off on Best Selling Apple iPads, Macbooks at Amazon / B&H Photo Video / Adorama
With a Retina display and a thin, lightweight design, the silver mid 2017 Apple 12″ MacBook provides both portability and performance. Measuring just 0.5″ (13.1mm) thin and weighing only 2 pounds, the MacBook is compact yet still has a premium feel, thanks to its unibody design.
The MacBook features a 12″ Retina display with 16:10 aspect ratio and 2304 x 1440 native resolution, which results in 226 pixels per inch (ppi). The display also has 178°-wide viewing angles. To deliver the total Retina experience on the MacBook, Apple redesigned the pixels to create a larger aperture, allowing more light to pass through. This enabled Apple to use LED backlighting that's 30 percent more energy efficient than the displays on other Mac notebooks with no loss in brightness.
Deal Factory deal analysts help shoppers find the best deals by comparing Green Monday discounts from the big retailers. By driving more shoppers online through extended sales periods, total spending during Green Monday 2017 is on track to reach new heights. This year's holiday season sales are expected to be up 4.5% on last year's $650 billion record spend.
Shoppers are transitioning towards researching deals and making purchases online during the Green Monday sales week. According to the National Retail Federation more people shopped online than in store over the Green Monday weekend last year, underlining the importance of web based traffic in boosting sales.
Discounts this year from most retailers are running for an entire week, starting on Monday, December 11th.
About Deals Factory
Deals Factory, our company research online to find the best Cyber Monday deals on Camera, Computer, TV, and more. We also have a team of e-commerce experts who generate price forecasts and information about Black Friday & Cyber Monday deals on popular gadgets & electronics.
RUGBY legend Paul O'Connell has been honoured by their alma mater, as the Ardscoil Ris past pupils union held its annual dinner in the city.
The evening, held at the Strand Hotel, also saw Alan English, the editorial director of Iconic Newspapers, parent company of the Limerick Leader, attend as guest of honour.
The evening was a great success with Dave O'Hora entertaining guests as master of ceremonies. Presentations were made to two of the school's most well-known alumni, rugby legend O'Connell, and Mr English.
Gene Leonard, the president of the North Circular Road school's past pupil's union, introduced Mr English, who spoke of their experience in Ardscoil and the influence it had on their future career, which included a nine year stint as editor of this newspaper.
In particular, the Castleconnell man recalled their history teacher Jim Doherty.
Meanwhile, Des Harty, a former teacher and rugby coach introduced former Munster, Ireland and Lions captain Mr O'Connell.
Mr Harty recalled their memories of Paul and the schools rugby scene in Limerick.
They spoke fondly of their time in the school and of trying to balance exams and rugby. The event was well attended by past pupils, current teachers, past teachers, past principal Bríd de Bruin and current principal Tom Prendergast.
At Google I/O 2017 and Cloud Next 2017, we exhibited a demo called Find Your Candy, a robot arm that listens for a voice request with your preferred flavor of candy, selects and picks up a piece of candy with that particular flavor from a table, and serves it to you:
Specifically, you can tell the robot what flavor you like, such as “chewy candy,” “sweet chocolate” or “hard mint.” The robot then processes your instructions via voice recognition and natural language processing, recommends a particular kind of candy and uses image recognition to recognize and select that recommendation. The entire demo is powered by deep-learning technology running on Cloud Machine Learning Engine (the fully-managed TensorFlow runtime from Google Cloud) and Cloud machine learning APIs.
Robot diagram of Find Your Candy demo (Blue: Linux PC as controller, Gray: Google Cloud services)
This demo is intended to serve as a microcosm of a real-world machine learning (ML) solution. For example, Kewpie, a major food manufacturer in Japan, used the same Google Cloud technology to build a successful Proof of Concept (PoC) for doing anomaly detection for diced potato in a factory. (See this video for more details).
Read the entire article here, Build your own machine-learning-powered robot arm using TensorFlow and Google Cloud
via the fine folks at Google Cloud
Give Dad the Royal Treatment this Father's Day
No more ties or cufflinks for Dad! This Father's Day gift them that relaxation they deserve with an ORÍKÌ Spa treat distinctly designed for him. Father's Day Packages We believe men deserve a little “me” time, and what better way to show them you care than gifting them a spa day this Father's Day! Gentleman's […]
The post Give Dad the Royal Treatment this Father's Day appeared first on BellaNaija.
This post was syndicated from BellaNaija. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
In their new book, 12 Rules for Life: An Antidote to Chaos, Peterson draws on everything from neuroscience to the Old Testament to their well-known controversial views
City's radical past revealed in NYPD spy pics Impeach the president. End racism. Save the planet. Stop the war. The extremists and protesters who spread their messages of love and hate across the Big Apple a half-century ago...
They spent 9 ¹/₂ years in prison, and is now a film director In the Harlem-based drama “Chapter & Verse,” out Friday at MIST Harlem, a former gang leader named Lance (Daniel Beaty) leaves prison with a degree in computer repair. They end...
Cop-killings have never been this lethal — and it could mean chaos Over the last two weeks, the “war on police” has gone from a metaphor to a reality, with eight officers killed in targeted attacks in Dallas and Baton Rouge. The...
The New England Patriots are vulnerable to a strong interior pass rusher, and Philadelphia Eagles defensive tackle Fletcher Cox is among the best penetrators in the NFL. Eric Gay AP
LOS ANGELES — Just about everything the Ball family does gets attention, and LiAngelo Ball's pre-draft workout with the Lakers on Tuesday was no exception.
About two dozen members of the media watched Ball's final drills while Magic Johnson and Lakers coach Luke Walton looked on. Lakers guard Lonzo Ball, LiAngelo's older brother, was there for the workout as well.
“I feel like it went good,” the younger Ball said. “It's always fun being in here doing things I want to get better at. It was a good workout.”
LaVar Ball has been outspoken about their desire for all three of their sons — Lonzo, LiAngelo and LaMelo, the youngest — to play for the Lakers. The Lakers have the 25th pick in the first round next month, though LiAngelo Ball's draft prospects are uncertain. They aren't even scheduled to be a starter at UCLA before leaving the program after being indefinitely suspended for an international incident last year in China. They also had a stint with the professional Lithuanian team Vytautas.
“It was good that (Lonzo) was here, but if they aren't here I would've been doing the same thing,” LiAngelo Ball said. “I don't really pay attention to who's here and who's not. I just do what I do.
“I showed I can knock down shots and get some wins within the 2-on-2 and 3-on-3s. I showed I can play together.”
LiAngelo Ball confirmed that they have an upcoming workout with the Golden State Warriors. They also said he'll play in the NBA summer league, but they are not sure which team he'll play for yet.
As far as what they believe their NBA draft prospects are, Ball said: “I'm not sure what's going on with the draft. I'm just playing my hardest and whatever team thinks I can produce for them, that's who I'll play for.”
Ball and two teammates became an international story when they were arrested for shoplifting during UCLA's exhibition basketball trip to China last year. They were all suspended indefinitely, and LaVar Ball pulled their son out of school while they were serving that suspension.
Asked what he'll tell NBA teams about why they left UCLA, Ball said: “I don't really remember too much about that. That's a closed chapter in my life. I just moved on. Went overseas. Just learned from over there. Came back.”
LaVar had already pulled the youngest son LaMelo out of high school to homeschool them and they and LiAngelo went to play professionally in Lithuania.
The move was heavily scrutinized.
“I think it prepared me a little better as far as going against grown men that care about their job every day,” LiAngelo Ball said. “If you're not producing out there, they'll fire you real quick.”
During the workout, Ball was reunited with former UCLA teammate Thomas Welsh, a 7-foot center who played for the Bruins for four years. They practiced together at UCLA but didn't play together there.
“I think he's the same guy,” Welsh said. “He's a hard-working kid. We had a chance to play with them on 3-on-3 and 2-on-2 live action stuff. He's a lot of fun to play with. They work their tail off. It was really good to be back on the court with them again today.”
Among others at the Lakers workout Tuesday were guard Jaylen Adams (St. Bonaventure), guard Devon Hall (Virginia), guard Tyus Battle (Syracuse) and Dusan Ristic (Arizona).
What happened
Continue Reading Below
Shares of Incyte Corporation(NASDAQ: INCY) fell by as much as 11.9% on Monday as a result of the FDA rejecting its once-dailyrheumatoid arthritis pill, baricitinib, for safety and dosing reasons.
AlthoughEli Lilly (NYSE: LLY)stood the most to gain from an FDA approval due its 2009 worldwide licensing agreement for the drug, Incyte would have been eligible for additional milestone payments, as well as tiered, double-digit royalties on global net sales.
As of 12:36 p.m. EDT, Lilly shares are down by 4%, while Incyte has taken an 11% tumble.
Image source: Getty Images.
So what
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
The big-picture issue is thatbaricitinib was expected to grab upwards of $2 billion in peak sales if approved in the United States. Baricitinib, after all, was projected to become themost effective oral rheumatoid arthritis on the market, giving it a good shot at largely displacingPfizer‘srival medication, Xeljanz.
Based on the limited info available about the FDA's reasons for this rejection, though, baricitinib's ability to one day lay claim to the “best in class” prize may now be in serious jeopardy.
Now what
According to Incyte's and Lilly's statements on the matter, the two companies are disputing the FDA's decision, and are apparently gearing up for another regulatory submission following further discussions with the agency.
However, the FDA reportedly asked for additional clinical trials to determine the drug's most appropriate doses, which is the key issue that may ultimately lower its appeal relative to Pfizer's Xeljanz. So, investors should probably consider a quick turnaround onbaricitinib's regulatory filing in the U.S. a long-shot scenario at this point, and brace themselves for the possibility of some hefty downward revisions on the drug's commercial prospects.
Unfortunately, some analysts think that baricitinib'simpact on Incyte's near-term valuation was already baked in for the most part. As such, it might be a good idea to wait for a more attractive entry point before adding Incyte to your portfolio — even after today's double-digit dip.
10 stocks we like better than Incyte
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Incyte wasn't one of them! That's right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017
George Budwell owns shares of Pfizer. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sixth formers from a Chester school have gained a groundbreaking insight into how patients are cared for by the NHS and other social care organisations in Cheshire West.
Year 12 students from The Queen's School interviewed patients about their experiences and then reported back to care watchdog Healthwatch who monitor the quality of the care being provided.
It is believed to be the first time Healthwatch has allowed youngsters below the age of 18 to become their eyes and ears as authorised representatives in places such as the Countess of Chester Hospital, elderly care homes and other patient care environments.
The scheme involved a major investment in training and support for the Queen's volunteers by Healthwatch Cheshire West organisers, with pupils receiving four weeks of training in interviewing, report writing and other skills.
Organisers say this has been fully justified by the excellence of the work produced.
Healthwatch Cheshire West volunteer co-ordinator Dave Crosthwaite said: “We knew we wanted to get more young people involved in our work and this, we believe, is the first time any regional Healthwatch has tried such a scheme.
“The girls were excellent throughout and conducted their visits to a wide range of organisations, so we are really pleased with what they achieved with patients.”
One of the volunteers Caitlin Lewis, who hopes to go on to study medicine, said: “On one of our visits we approached a man who had just undergone treatment and who had two family members at their bedside.
“He simply said the care they had received was amazing as they had literally saved their lives. Hearing that was something we will never forget.”
The 10 week placements were part of the Queen's QUEST enrichment programme which offers girls volunteering and other extra-curricular and community involvement projects to complement their academic studies.
“This has been a first for everyone involved and we very much hope to keep up the connection with Queen's for the future,” Dave added.
Firefighters have been tackling a large fire at Colsterworth where 200 tonnes of compost were well alight.
Fire crews from Grantham, Corby Glen and Bourne attended the incident earlier this afternoon at Honey Pot Lane. People living nearby have been advised to keep doors and windows closed because of the smoke from the fire.
A spokesperson for Lincolnshire Fire and Rescue Service said: “Crews are currently using one hose reel to extinguish the fire, being assisted with heavy machinery to move the compost.”
In the last half an hour all but one of the crews have left the scene. Corby Glen firefighters are extinguishing the rest of the fire.
The latest Milwaukee Bucks Daily is here as Giannis Antetokounmpo and Russell Westbrook prepare to go head-to-head.
Welcome back to Milwaukee Bucks Daily.
If this is your first time joining us for the daily roundup, the idea of this piece is generally to help keep you up to date on the best of all the latest Bucks news on a day-to-day basis.
This column acts as a means to recap what you might have missed from us at Behind The Buck Pass on the previous day, but also more importantly to share with you some of the work from around the internet that is worth your attention as a Bucks fan.
As usual, if you spot something that you think might be of interest, you can send it our way too. Tweet it to @BehindTheBucks or mail it to winin6podcast@gmail.com.
Let's get down to it:
Best of Behind The Buck Pass From 1/1/17
The Milwaukee Bucks Must Acquire Another Point Guard (read here): Dan Larsen believes that in spite of positive flashes from Malcolm Brogdon and Matthew Dellavedova this season, the Bucks need to adjust their lack of point guard depth.
Milwaukee Bucks: Takeaways From Win Over Chicago Bulls (read here): I reflected on Milwaukee's New Year's Eve win in Chicago, highlighting some key takeaways from the team as a whole and individually.
Milwaukee Bucks: Grades From 116-96 Win Over Chicago Balls (read here): Ti Windisch looked back on that game too, grading the Bucks, Jason Kidd and the Bulls on the night.
Best of Bucks Across The Internet From 1/1/17
Antetokounmpo-Westbrook show on tap Monday night (read here): Charles Gardner of the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel looks ahead to the clash between two of the league's more unique talents as Russell Westbrook's Thunder visit Giannis and the Bucks on Monday.
Top NBA surprises for 2017 [$] (read here): The ESPN Insider crew get together to predict some of the surprises for the coming year, with the rising Bucks getting a couple of mentions along with Khris Middleton.
Welcome to the party: Candidates for first-time All-Star bids (read here): From a few days back, Fran Blinebury of NBA.com highlights Giannis as the no.1 contender to make a first-time All-Star appearance this year.
That's it for today's roundup but check back in tomorrow when we'll do it all again.
More from Behind the Buck Pass
This article originally appeared on
This photo taken July 24, 2017, shows James Hendrickson, Corbin, Ky., taking a "selfie" with the Jefferson Davis Statue following a rally in support of keeping the statue of Confederate president Jefferson Davis in the Capitol, held on the steps of the State Capitol in Frankfort, Ky. The Kentucky chapter of the Sons of Confederate Veterans organized the rally. After the photo, they attached the flag to the statue. Kentucky's NAACP is renewing efforts to have the statue removed from the Capitol Rotunda in the aftermath of deadly violence in Charlottesville, Va. Lexington Herald-Leader via AP Charles Bertram
Selena Gomez has released the music video for their new single “Bad Liar.”
Related: Selena Gomez on ‘Intentional, Refreshing, & Moody' New Album
The visual, which was directed by Jesse Peretz, features Gomez playing multiple roles including a high school student, their blonde alter-ego, and their own parents (both the man and woman).
The clip ends with a title card that reads “Coming Soon,” followed by the word “Fetish.” Is this the title of Selena's new album or next single? Only time will tell.
Check out the video for “Bad Liar” below.
Monroe H. “Pop” Bullock was born in December 1846 high on the Tug Hill Plateau in Lewis County. They were the son of Hiram and Almeda Bullock who owned a farm just to the west of the village of Worth. Hiram was the son of Leonard Bullock, the earliest settler of Worth, who moved to the area in 1802.
Hiram's brother, Leonard Bullock, Jr. owned the farm next door. The crossroad between the two Bullock farms was known as Bullock's Corners. By 1850 the family had moved into the village of Rodman where Hiram and Almeda operated a boardinghouse. This enterprise apparently did not work out well, for by 1860 the family had moved west and resumed farming, this time in Grundy County in northeastern Illinois.
During the Civil War young Monroe ran away to try to join the Union Army but their father pursued them and brought them back to the family farm. By 1867 Monroe, now 21 years old, and had returned to Worth and married a neighbor, Sarah L. Hitchcock. Their first child, Edwin M. Bullock, was born August 12, 1867. (A second child, Arthur, was born in 1869 but died the same year). By 1870 the Hiram Bullock family had also returned to New York to settle on a farm in the town of Butler in Wayne County. Monroe, Sarah and their son Eddie moved to Butler to assist with the farming. In May 1871 their third son, Berdett B. Bullock, was born. By 1875 Monroe, Sarah, Eddie and Bert had moved back to Sarah's parent's farm in Worth.
Around that time the lumber business was booming on the Tug Hill. In addition to work on their father-in-law's farm, Monroe began to work at a lumber camp. One lucky day when driving a team with a heavy lumber wagon across a bridge, the load slipped dumping everything into the river. The horses were killed but a log lodged keeping the timber from hitting Monroe, who escaped serious injury. They also worked in a loggers' hotel in the Worth area during the logging boom. One day a customer slid a loaded gun across a table for Monroe to examine. It accidentally discharged and Monroe ended up with eight pieces of buckshot in their hand and body.
Nonetheless, Monroe enjoyed life in the woods. During the late 1870s they worked as a backwoods guide and market hunter on the Tug Hill. They probably started guiding and hunting along the upper Beaver River around 1880. At that time there were three prospering sportsmen's hotels in the area that regularly hired guides: Fenton's at Number Four, Dunbar's at Stillwater and LaMont's at Smith's Lake. When market hunting on Thanksgiving Day 1882, Monroe slipped and fell into the Beaver River at Little Rapids. Their matches got wet so they could not build a fire. They knew help was nearby at Smith's Lake, but their frozen clothing made walking nearly impossible. They sat down to rest propped against a tree and fell asleep. A short time later their gun slid off the tree trunk and fell on him. They woke up and managed to struggle to safety but suffered severe frostbite to their toes, some of which were later amputated. Although now unable to walk long distances, the next year they returned to guiding at Smith's Lake but restricted themselves to fishing and hunting from a boat. They and Sarah apparently continued to live on the family farm on the Tug Hill. Records show by this time they also owned a cheese factory in Worth.
They continued to work seasonally as a guide at Smith's Lake for the next ten years. During this time they undoubtedly became well acquainted with William Morrison, a business person from Lowville, who spent many summers at that lake camping and fishing with friends. By 1891 Morrison had purchased much of the land around Smith's Lake, including LaMont's Hotel. They began to organize a sportsmen's club they called the Smith's Lake Park Association. Morrison made improvements to the hotel including installing a telephone line and erecting a new two-story cabin for women campers. Before the club got properly underway, Dr. W. Seward Webb arrived and managed to purchase all the property in the area for their great camp Nehasane.
Undaunted, William Morrison and their wealthy friends purchased Dunbar's Hotel at Stillwater in 1893 and founded the private Beaver River Club. Joe Dunbar wanted to retire from the hotel business so Morrison hired Monroe Bullock to manage the club. Monroe, Sarah and their son Bert moved to Stillwater, most likely living in the Beaver River Clubhouse. Bert, now 18 years old, worked as a guide for the club. Familiarly known as “Pop” at the ripe old age of 47, Bullock was also appointed the first postmaster of Beaver River. Because there were so few residents at the time, Pop could perform their postmaster's duties during their frequent trips six miles east to the train station.
Thanks to the railroad the tide of sporting tourists continued to grow in the Beaver River country throughout the 1890s. The old sportsmen's hotels had all closed and only one or two small ones had opened. In 1899 the owner of the Beaver River lumber mill, Firman Ouderkirk, built a large modern hotel adjacent to the train station. They named it the Norridgewock and hired young Bert Bullock to run it.
In 1901 Sarah Bullock died of Bright's disease. Pop Bullock was apparently not able to manage the Beaver River Club without their help, so they resigned. With the assistance of Bert they built a small hotel, the Grassy Point Inn, along the bank of the Beaver River where a one-mile road led straight to the train station. They recruited a younger woman from Worth named Delia Weaver to serve as cook and housekeeper. The Bullock family was prospering enough at this time that they were also able to purchase the Norridgewock Hotel and the entire 384 acres of the Beaver River Block.
Things went very well for Pop and Bert Bullock until May 8, 1914 when the Norridgewock Hotel burned to the ground. Bert, their wife Julia and son Clyde decided they had had enough of backwoods living and moved to Thendara to open a garage and taxi service. Pop Bullock was so much a woodsman that they decided to stay in Beaver River. Even when the state evicted them from Grassy Point in 1916 they dismantled their hotel, hauled the parts to a lot they owned near the railroad station and resumed business. Pop and Delia continued to run the hotel, complete with store and post office, until 1923.
Now 77 years old Pop Bullock was battling Bright's disease. They sold the hotel to a lumberman, George Vincent. Pop and Delia moved in with Bert's family in Thendara. Monroe H. “Pop” Bullock died February 19, 1924.  They are buried in the Worthville Cemetery, Worth, Jefferson County, NY along with their wife Sarah L. Hitchcock (1848-1901) and their infant son Arthur Bullock (1869-1869).
Photos from above: Pop Bullock (courtesy Don Thompson collection); Grassy Point Road; and Grassy Point Inn.
Francis (Frank) Browne - Coill Dubh
Browne, Francis (Frank), Coill Dubh, April 16, peacefully at Tallaght Hospital, beloved husband of the late Mary and dear father of the late Francie, deeply regretted by their loving sons Garry, Billy and Michael, daughters-in-law, grandchildren, great grandchildren, brother-in-law, nephews, nieces, relatives and friends. Reposing at Reilly's Funeral Home, Prosperous on Tuesday from 5pm, with rosary at 8pm. Removal on Wednesday at 10.30am to arrive at Christ the King Church, Cooleragh for 11am Funeral Mass, followed by burial in St. Benignus Cemetery, Staplestown.
Patty (Patricia) Mulcahy (née Gilroy) - Cedar Park, Leixlip/Celbridge/ Mullingar
Mulcahy (née Gilroy), Patty (Patricia), Cedar Park, Leixlip and late of Celbridge and McKeon Tce., Mullingar, April 15, peacefully at Blackrock Hospital, beloved wife of the late Tom, deeply regretted by their loving daughters Marianne and Sheila, son Gerard, daughter-in-law Caroline, sons-in-law Robert and Ian, sister Kathleen, brother-in-law Frank, grandchildren, great grandchildren, nephews, nieces, relatives and friends. Reposing at Reilly's Funeral Home, Leinster St., Maynooth on Tuesday from 5.30pm until 7.30pm, with rosary at 7pm. Removal on Wednesday at 10.30am to arrive at the Church of Our Lady's Nativity, Leixlip for 11am Funeral Mass, followed by burial in Confey Cemetery.
INNSBRUCK, Austria — World Cup host Russia slumped to a 1-0 defeat in a friendly against Austria on Wednesday, extending its winless streak to six matches.
Russia has lost all three games in 2018 after defeats to Brazil and France in March, and has not won a game since beating South Korea in October.
Austria winger Marko Arnautovic set up midfielder Alessandro Schoepf for the only goal in the 28th minute, giving coach Franco Foda their fourth win from four matches since taking over from Marcel Koller in November after the team failed to qualify for the World Cup.
“We have to improve our passing,” Russia coach Stanislav Cherchesov told Austrian broadcaster ORF. “We created one, two chances to score but we have to do more.”
The match, which was Russia's first abroad since beating Hungary 3-0 in Budapest a year ago, marked the end of the team's 10-day training camp in the Austrian region of Stubaital.
Russia plays Turkey in Moscow on Tuesday in its final warmup game before opening the World Cup against Saudi Arabia on June 14. It also plays Egypt and Uruguay in Group A.
Russia started with high pressing but gradually lost control of the match after 15 minutes. Most of its attacks lacked pace and accuracy, while the defence looked vulnerable.
Leading up to the goal, Vladimir Granat and Fyodor Kudryashov gave Arnautovic time to control the ball and set up Schoepf, who was not marked closely enough by Mario Fernandes and beat goalkeeper Igor Akinfeev with a powerful shot just under the crossbar.
With Manchester United coach Jose Mourinho watching from the stands, Akinfeev denied Austria a second goal when they pushed Arnautovic's free kick wide just before halftime.
Russia's best chance came shortly before the hour mark, but Fyodor Smolov sent their effort just wide.
“We didn't give away much in defence and our forward play was effective. It was a deserved victory,” Schoepf said.
Austria, which also beat Russia 1-0 twice in qualification for the 2016 European Championship, will host world champion Germany in Klagenfurt on Saturday and Brazil in Vienna next Sunday.
Lornes Blanket held a fundraiser where participants spent 24 hours outside to see what being homeless feels like in the Family Worship Centre parking lot from Dec. 8 to 9.
Homeless for 24 raised funds for In From The Cold, a new mat program, that will provide men a place to sleep for a night. Lornes Blanket is a local organization that traditionally provides transitional housing for adult men, but manager Sarah Diformite said this new program was essential for helping men during the colder months.
"We really saw a need in the community," Diformite said. "That's why we're adding this as well."
In From The Cold would run between November and March, Diformite explained. They added that the men would be provided with a mat to sleep on, a hygiene pack, food if available and other services.
"These guys wouldn't be drugged tested. They would just come," they said.
The fundraiser will help pay for items such as sleeping bags and mats. Diformite said Lornes Blanket currently has three transitional rooms and two rooms to house the mat program. They added that the fundraiser would likely raise around $5,000.
Michelle Harder is a board member for Lornes Blanket and also participated in Homeless for 24. They said this was the fifth time that Lornes Blanket held Homeless for 24 but that proceeds had gone to fund the transitional housing program during those previous fundraisers.
"Everyone should have a warm place to sleep," Harder said.
Harder explained that the fundraiser not only raises funds but also awareness about homelessness and gets people to join Lornes Blanket.
"We can't run it without volunteers," they said. "So we're looking to get the word out."
They added that the weather during the fundraiser was mild.
"It's nicer than it has been in other years, that's for sure," Harder said.
Participant Sally Bowen said they got sponsors to help raise money for Lornes Blanket's mat program. They explained how people are more inclined to raise funds for women's shelters but added that men often require assistance too.
"That's coming from a woman," Bowen said. "I just want to support the cause."
Those interested in volunteering for Lornes Blanket can call 780-778-0952.
pshokeir@postmedia.com
Twitter: @PeterShokeir
HILLSBOROUGH COUNTY, Fla. (WFLA) – Five key pieces of evidence led Hillsborough County deputies to a Riverview father who is now accused of killing their teenage daughter.
The information was revealed after Nahshon Shannon, the man accused, appeared in court Friday.
Maternal grandparents of 13-year-old victim Janessa Shannon say the details are unbearable.
“She didn't deserve what happened to her,” said Linda Roberts, Janessa's grandmother.
Nahshon Shannon appeared in court wearing a suicide vest after initially refusing to come to the hearing.
Deputies say they murdered Janessa and buried them in a shallow grave.
Court documents reveal a screw was found at the gravesite at the Triple Creek Nature Preserve in Riverview.
Investigators say the screw came from a shovel left in Nahshon Shannon's garage. They also say there was dirt from the crime scene on the shovel and in their car, along with tape used to wrap Janessa's body. Deputies say Nahshon's DNA was found on the handle of the shovel.
“Just put them away,” said Janessa's maternal grandfather Larry Mosley.
The documents also revealed that Janessa had cocaine and alcohol in their system. Them family believes they were forced to take it.
“She did not mess with that. They didn't drink, they didn't do drugs. They were a good child,” said Roberts.
Mosely made a plea Friday for the person who found Janessa's body to come forward. They say the family wants to thank them for reporting it.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
BACK TO TOP STORIES
360-degree videos still can't be considered popular, but they've been becoming more widespread over the past few years. If you'd like to be at the forefront of the 360-degree video charge, Amazon is now offering the 2017 edition of the Gear 360 for just $149.99 - a solid $80 off the MSRP.
This newest version of the Gear 360 sports a handle instead of a tripod base, a pair of 8.4MP CMOS fisheye lenses, capable of 15MP photos and 4K video at 24fps. It's also IP53 water-resistant. Even though it's compatible with PC software, you'll probably want a Samsung phone to use this with.
$149.99 is cheaper than the price of $162.90 we saw on Black Friday, making it the lowest price we've ever seen. Hit the source link below to grab one of your very own.
#MoveMojito: An argument turned violent, then viral
A happy ending to coffee war in South Miami
0:25
JERUSALEM — A Palestinian motorist rammed and killed two Israeli soldiers and wounded two others in the occupied West Bank on Friday, the Israeli military said.
A spokesperson for the Israel's Shin Bet security agency said that the attack was carried out by Alaa Rateb Aa-Latif Kabha, 26, who had been released from an Israeli jail in April 2017. Kabha was captured by security forces.
"The working assumption is that the attack was a terrorist attack," the spokesperson said.
Israeli security forces inspect the destroyed vehicle that was used by a Palestinian assailant in a car ramming attack on March 16, 2018. Jack Guez / AFP - Getty Images
Israeli military authorities in the West Bank quickly announced the "immediate and broad suspension" of all permits for the family of the Palestinian driver. A military spokesperson said these included 71 employment permits and 26 trade permits.
Meanwhile, the military also shared that one of the dead was an officer and the other was a conscript.
According to the IDF, the other two injured soldiers were immediately transported to the hospital for medical treatment. One is in severely injured, while the other suffered moderate wounds.
"Before the entering of the Sabbath, we were informed of a serious terrorist attack, and we will act to sentence the terrorist to death, to demolish their house and to punish anyone who cooperated," said Israeli Minister of Defense Avigdor Lieberman.
Kabha rammed the soldiers as they attempted to secure routes neighboring the Mevo Dotan community, officials said. Due to their injuries, they were taken to the hospital where they are being questioned, the IDF said.
The Islamist militant faction Hamas welcomed the ramming attack but did not claim responsibility for it.
Hazem Qassem, a Hamas spokesperson in Gaza, noted that it took place 100 days after U.S. President Donald Trump recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel on Dec. 6, a move which angered Palestinians and reversed years of U.S. policy.
Another Hamas official, Fawzi Barhoum, lauded the "hero of the Jenin attack," and said it showed that Palestinians were willing to "continue the path of resistance, using all its tools to protect themselves against the occupation."
The parents of a Texas teen who died from heat stroke while hiking three months ago have filed a lawsuit against the Boy Scouts of America claiming negligence. John and Copper Comita claim their 15-year-old son Reid was ill-prepared for the June trek at Buffalo Trail Scout Ranch, and that they aren't under the supervision of any adults, WFAA.com reported.
“The Boy Scouts of America are responsible for my son's death,” John Comita told WFAA.com. “It's that simple. They are responsible.”
The Comitas contend that they signed their son up for an introductory backpacking class that would be supervised by adults because they felt it would be the safest option. The lawsuit alleges that Reid was taken on an aggressively difficult hike in soaring temperatures, and was only accompanied by two other teens.
“He wasn't an athlete. They aren't prepared to go on an advanced hike,” Comita said.
The Comitas claim that they didn't receive the training promised in the backpacking class, and that it took more than four hours for someone to contact them about their son's death.
“We were calling, and no one could give us a straight answer as to how they are,” Copper Comita told WFAA.com.
The grieving parents said that while Reid's troop has been supportive of the family, they haven't heard from the Boy Scouts of America.
“This remains a difficult time for our Scouting community, and we continue to keep the family in our thoughts and prayers,” the Boy Scouts of America said in a statement to WFAA.com. “The health and safety of our youth members is of paramount importance to the BSA, and integral to everything we do. We strive to create a safe environment for youth to experience outdoor adventure.”
Comita said the backpacking course was Reid's final task in order to attain the highest rank, Eagle Scout, and that before their death, the effort had been a bonding experience for them.
“It was great bonding for us,” they told WFAA.com. “On one hand, they pass themselves off as a great, upstanding organization with the 12 points. But those are there for [the executives'] convenience.”
Tickets for Shak's extra Paris show on Nov 11 are on sale now! / Los boletos para el segundo show de Shak en París el 11 de Noviembre ya están a la venta! https://shakir.as/eldoradoparis ShakHQ
A post shared by Shakira (@shakira) on Jul 25, 2017 at 8:19am PDT
MIAMI – Caribbean-American owned law firm, Hamilton, Miller & Birthisel in collaboration with Miami-Dade Public Schools and the support of School Board member Dr. Dorothy Bendross Mindingall, BMe Community, The Miami Foundation, William R. Kenan, Jr. Charitable Trust, and Foundation for New Education Initiatives, officially dedicated a mock courtroom for the students of Brownsville Middle School in Miami.
The 21st century mock courtroom will include mock jury seating for 24 jurors, jury deliberation rooms, gallery seating for students or the public, and audio visual capabilities for mock trials.
Brownsville Middle School intends to continue development of their legal studies program with the aim of providing the students with a direct view of their future career options in the legal profession.
The Dedication Ceremony welcomed members of the local bar and business community, including, Florida Bar President, Michael Higer, Chief Judge Richard Suarez, Third District Court of Appeals, County Attorney Abigail Price Williams, Public Defender, Carlos Martinez, and State Attorney Katherine Fernandez Rundle.
Landon Collins brushes off Pro Bowl criticism GLENDALE, Ariz. — Based on the standard they set last year, Landon Collins has not come close to duplicating that performance this season. They were a legitimate 2016 NFL Defensive...
Pick up this must-have fantasy running back before it's too late There was a time, long ago, when the world was a vastly different place. The Rams offense and the Saints defense were considered poor units. The Giants were a popular...
Cardinals' Colin Kaepernick reasoning makes zero sense NFL team's quarterback gets hurt. NFL team gets asked about Colin Kaepernick. NFL team's explanation is lacking. Such is the 2017 season, in which the controversial activist is still searching...
The mystery behind Colin Kaepernick's lost offseason Blaine Gabbert beat Colin Kaepernick to the punch, and the swirl of conspiracy theories surrounding Kaepernick's unemployment has picked up pace. Gabbert, who lost their job to Kaepernick last year after...
Colin Kaepernick gets their job back Colin Kaepernick now will get the chance to kneel on the field, too. 49ers coach Chip Kelly announced Tuesday that Kaepernick would start for the team Sunday against the Bills....
Colin Kaepernick is either the answer or Chip Kelly's downfall Would the 49ers please stop the charade and just start Colin Kaepernick at quarterback already? San Francisco coach Chip Kelly honestly still cannot think Blaine Gabbert gives their team a...
Colin Kaepernick may be 49ers' starting QB with this new deal Colin Kaepernick has made waves throughout the sports world this year with their sideline protests of the national anthem, becoming one of the most talked-about players in the NFL while...
Why NFL greats were mocking 'weird' Phil Simms was in the CBS booth Thursday night for the game between the 49ers and the Cardinals, but they were apparently watching a different game than most. The Super Bowl-winning...
Kaepernick time? 49ers near Blaine Gabbert breaking point SANTA CLARA, Calif. — The frustrated fans of the San Francisco 49ers made their feelings clear with chants of “We want Kap! We want Kap!” Whether coach Chip Kelly is...
The first phones running Android Go, a lightweight version of Android designed for budget devices, were announced at Mobile World Congress earlier this year. ZTE, Nokia, Alcatel, and others were the first OEMs to jump on board. Now it appears Meizu might be next, according to the company's head of marketing.
Ard Boudeling, Head of Global Marketing at Meizu, announced that the company is working on an Android Go device. Although Meizu has no presence in the United States, the company has a large following in Asia and Europe.
Those of you who've been following me for a while know how passionate I am about Android Go. I'm proud to share we're working together with Google to launch Meizu's first #AndroidGoEdition smartphone! pic.twitter.com/r9vaZQaaeH — Ard Boudeling (@ArdCB) April 24, 2018
Unfortunately, there are no other details about the device right now, except that it will launch sometime this year. Meizu told Android Headlines that the company doesn't plan on entering the US under the current administration, citing recent events with Huawei and ZTE. In other words, the Android Go phone won't make it America.
Image copyright Elliot Mercer Image caption Kevin Malthouse played for Tilbury Football Club from 2011 to 2014
A man has been cleared of murdering a semi-professional footballer in a fight between two groups.
Kevin Malthouse, 24, played for Tilbury FC and died in Grays, Essex, on 1 July.
Jack Taylor, 19, of Oakley Close, Grays, was alleged to have attacked them and three others after being driven to the location by Dusan Samardzija, 23, of Cypress Path, Romford.
At Chelmsford Crown Court, both men were found not guilty of the murder or manslaughter of Mr Malthouse.
Mr Taylor and Mr Samardzija denied the charges and were also cleared of three counts of grievous bodily harm with intent.
Image caption Flowers were left near the spot where Mr Malthouse died
The court was told Mr Taylor's DNA was found on a "commando kit" of weapons - including a meat cleaver and kitchen knives - at the scene, but they denied it was their property.
After an altercation outside The Treacle Mine pub, Mr Taylor was said to have gone home to get the bag of weapons.
They said they did this because the rival group had threatened to kill them and rape their girlfriend and mother.
The court heard the groups then met at about 00:30 BST on Blackshots Lane and a member of the Tilbury group smashed Mr Samardzija's wing mirror, and a melee followed in which Mr Malthouse, from Stanford-le-Hope, died and three others were injured.
Mr Taylor said: "I never intended to hurt anyone. My idea was to pull one [weapon] out just to scare and threaten them."
Mr Samardzija told police they never left the car during the melee.
By JACQUES BILLEAUD and SHEILA BURKEAssociated Press
PHOENIX (AP) - A woman who was swept down a backcountry creek in Grand Canyon National Park along with their stepgrandson is an experienced hiker and married to a founder of a popular outdoor footwear company, family members said Monday.
Authorities were searching for Jackson Standefer, 14, and Lou-Ann Merrell, 62, wife of Randy Merrell, who helped found the Merrell Boot Co. in 1981. The pair lost their footing Saturday and fell into the water during a family trip with Randy Merrell and the boy's mother in a remote area of the Arizona park.
The other two alerted officials by setting off an emergency GPS locator beacon below the canyon's North Rim, said Chief Ranger Matt Vandzura of the National Park Service. They didn't identify the hikers.
Mark McOmie, Jackson's uncle, told The Associated Press that the Merrells were avid hikers and knew the area well.
Lou-Ann Merrell is "a very experienced backpacker," McOmie said. "If they can get to a spot where they cannot be in the water and stay warm, she's got the skills needed to get them through it. The odds aren't great. But given their skills and knowledge of the area, that will probably lead to the best possible outcome."
McOmie said searchers have found both their backpacks and their belongings inside, which the family has interpreted with mixed feelings. On the one hand, they said, it looks as if they were able to get their backpacks off.
"The bad part is that they don't have their gear," McOmie said.
The McCallie School in Chattanooga, Tennessee, said Jackson was an eighth-grade student at the all-boys school.
"The entire McCallie community sends its prayers to the Standefer family and all those close to Jackson as we all hope for a positive ending to this situation," the school said in a statement.
The park service said it's too early in the investigation to determine what went wrong. No rain or flash flooding was reported in the area, but it was not known whether the water level was higher than usual in Tapeats Creek, a tributary of the Colorado River that runs through the Arizona landmark.
Creeks in the canyon often see higher water levels in the spring as snow melts, Vandzura said.
The park service describes conditions in the area on its website, warning that melting snow or heavy rain may make crossing the creek impossible.
It also said hikers can use a "sketchy, seldom-used trail" that lets them walk around the creek when the water is high, but that the path should be used only as a last resort.
The group was on a different path known as Tapeats Trail, authorities said.
Helicopters and rescuers on the ground searched for the pair this weekend, and the park service sent out ground crews, a helicopter and a drone Monday.
A call to the boot company's Indiana headquarters wasn't immediately returned.
___
Burke reported from Nashville, Tennessee.
___
This story has been corrected to show Randy Merrell's name was misspelled Merrill.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Any articles or press releases must contain contact information including your telephone number, exceptions being made for writers from inside Eritrea only. If you are writing from Eritrea, state that you are writing from Eritrea and you will be given instruction to securely verify that you are actually writing from Eritrea.
No google phone or VOIP phone numbers are allowed. Each submission must have the following line: contact informationfollowed by a telephone number, your full real name; that is, even if you desire to use a different "pen name".
We have added strict SPAM filter on our Email Server, any email that has more than one recipient and not addressed to the proper asmarino pages (English, Tigrigna, Arabic pages) will be stored in the junk folder possibly delaying posting or never be posted.
From now onward, we are not going to accept multiple postingsof articles. Exceptions will be made when an article is also posted at another website with a different audience, with little or no overlap with asmarino audience.
Thank you for your cooperation.
Miley Cyrus was unable to attend the 2017 Teen Choice Awards over the weekend, due to their “unrealistic schedule.” The announcement was made just prior to start of the show. Cyrus took to Instagram to explain their absence and to apologize to their fans. “To my dearest fans & all of those watching @teenchoicefox ! I want to say thank you from the very bottom of my heart for presenting me with #TheUltimateChoiceAward ! I am beyond bummed I couldn't make it to the show as I had every intention of being there to accept and celebrate this honor! I created an unrealistic schedule for myself which leads me to this announcement! I've been tryin to keep the secret but I can't hide it any longer! My new single / music video #YoungerNow will be dropping this Friday , Aug 18th & I am sooooooo EXCITED to share it with all of you! I hope to always make people smile and shine light thru my work! I look forward to making music for the rest of my life and I'm thankful everyday for those who listen! I am sending so much love and peace into the world right now because THATS what we need most! Love Love & more LOVE!” Cyrus was the recipient of the ceremony's highest honor, the Ultimate Choice Award, which recognized them for their involvement with the ceremony for over a decade. Copyright(c) 2017 RTTNews.com. All Rights ReservedLess «
Super Bowl commercials, once the ultimate in frat-boy humor, have evolved over the years to embrace politics and cultural sensitivity. Last year, Audi ran an ad supporting equal pay, and Anheuser-Busch reminded viewers of its immigrant founder.
But this year, many advertising insiders expect the Super Bowl spots to steer clear of the #MeToo movement opposing the sexual harassment and abuse of women, or the NFL players who have knelt during the national anthem to protest police brutality and racial inequality. In fact, many of the ads may simply feature men doing nonpolitical things, while others will showcase the philanthropic efforts of brands like Budweiser and Hyundai.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed What to expect from this Sunday's Super Bowl ads 1:32 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Advertising insiders say that Madison Avenue's prior ads highlighting female empowerment may have led to an unexpected backlash. Audi was criticized in the press for running its equal-pay spot while employing few female managers. "Better to be safe than sorry," said one advertising source who has tracked Super Bowl trends for years, noting how many men were being used by marketers to promote their participation.
Advertisers may also be avoiding accusations that they're not portraying women in quite the right light this year by taking the easier route of just casting men.
Among the men appearing in recent ads are Chris Hemsworth, an Australian actor who is in a mock-trailer for "Crocodile Dundee 2018," which appears to be an Australian travel campaign; David Harbour, an actor in the Netflix series “Stranger Things” who is in an ad for Tide; the comedian Bill Hader in a spot for Pringles; David Schwimmer, the former “Friends” star, advertising Skittles; and Danny DeVito in an M&M's commercial.
A scene from the M and M's ad spot, featuring actor Danny DeVito for the 2018 Super Bowl. M and M's via AP
Three women are exceptions to the trend: Tiffany Haddish appears in a Groupon commercial, while Missy Elliott co-stars with Morgan Freeman in a Mountain Dew and Doritos spot. And of course Cindy Crawford will appear, for Pepsi.
Only a handful of advertisers has unveiled their Super Bowl spots so far, with most choosing instead to roll out teasers. An Amazon ad features a female engineer telling the company's chief executive, Jeff Bezos, that the home assistant machine Alexa has lost their voice.
A Super Bowl commercial can boost sales and put a small company on the national map, but if marketers don't hit the right note, they'll be critiqued to death on TV news shows, pulverized on social media and possibly ridiculed by President Donald Trump. Last year, a Pepsi spot featuring model Kendall Jenner was pulled after widespread social media outrage at the idea of using activism to sell soda.
Sounds like Alexa might have lost their voice, but who could possibly replace her? Amazon teases it's ad for the upcoming 2018 Super Bowl. Amazon via Youtube
The 2016 game attracted 111.3 million viewers, along with 190 million social media interactions, according to Nielsen. (Super Bowl LII kicks off at 6:30 p.m. ET this Sunday on NBC.)
“Super Bowl is the biggest stage in the world and attracts a diverse set of eyeballs,” said John Osborn, the chief executive of the ad-buying agency OMD. “It serves as a mirror to what's happening in the culture and society."
With feminism having a resurgence, it's hard to imagine any advertiser making women a punchline. Andy Goeler, the vice president of marketing for Bud Light, says that doing an overtly sexy commercial in this year's Super Bowl would be a mistake for any company.
“You would be crazy to do anything like that at all,” they said. “Females are a key piece of our consumer base. To do anything that would insult females, or any demo, is crazy.”
Bud Light hasn't shared many details of its Super Bowl plans yet, but is expected to stick with its popular “Dilly Dilly” catchphrase.
Women account for 46 percent of Super Bowl viewers, according to Nielsen.
“When you realize that, why alienate half the audience with obnoxious commercials?” asked Stuart Elliott, the former New York Times ad columnist who now writes for the website MediaVillage. "Sexy is completely misreading the mood of the country."
The shift away from patronizing ads — such as the 2012 Teleflora spot featuring model Adriana Lima, who told viewers, “Give and you shall receive” — comes as more women populate the typically male enclaves of ad agency creative departments.
Azania Andrews, the vice president of marketing for the Anheuser-Busch beer brand Michelob Ultra, said there has been a shift in the representation of women in beer ads.
"We are the most co-ed beer; nearly 40 percent of our customers are women," they said of Ultra. "We need to create content that is inclusive and inviting. I'm not sure historically it was thought of in the same way."
Honoree Susan Credle attends the Matrix Awards, hosted by New York Women in Communications on April 24, 2017, in New York. Charles Sykes / Invision/AP file
Michelob's ad agency, FCB, has a rare female global chief creative officer, Susan Credle, and the company's Chicago office, which worked on this year's Super Bowl ad, also has a woman, Liz Taylor, as its chief creative officer.
Women in creative positions at ad agencies have been supported by groups like Freethebid, a nonprofit initiative aimed at encouraging agencies to put at least one woman on the team when they are pitching projects. Freethebid data says that just 3 percent of creative directors at ad agencies are women.
“Once you work with a few women,” Credle said, “you see how great it is when the barrier goes down, and then it's the norm.”
Credle predicted that Super Bowl viewers will not see much #metoo-related advertising, because brands are leery of commercializing a cause. Even so Credle pitched a controversial idea to one client.
"I really wanted to do a spot about take-the-knee,” they said, referring to the NFL protest movement. “When you see people kneeling, it is to propose, or to tie a shoe for someone — kneeling as a sign of respect and helping somebody.” In the end, they said, the client said no, in part because of the sensitivity of the topic.
At least one ad will feature a supermodel, but with a twist. Cindy Crawford's Pepsi spot will allude to their popular 1992 Super Bowl ad in which they drank a soda at a vending machine, watched by two little boys. This time around the spot will feature their son, Presley.
CORRECTION (Jan. 31, 2018, 4:35 p.m.): An earlier version of this article misstated the title of Liz Taylor.  They are chief creative officer of the Chicago office of FCB, not creative director.
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) – A man was attacked with a knife outside a Chase bank on the Upper East Side while protecting their baby.
The victim told CBS2's Valerie Castro their fatherly instinct took over.
“I have a 17-month-old son. I tried to protect him,” they said.
“He went to cut the man with their baby, and I was scared of them touching him,” another victim added.
Two men – one holding the child in their arms – said they were randomly assaulted by a knife-wielding man around 5 p.m. Friday as they left the Chase bank near 60th and Lexington.
“We're coming out of Chase bank, and somebody tried to attack us. It was a crazy guy and they pulled a knife, tried to stab us,” the father said. “We stopped him, and put them on the floor, and asked for the cops to arrive.”
Cellphone video captured the confusion once police arrived on the scene just across the street from Bloomingdale's.
Initially, three man were placed in handcuffs, including the victim with a cut to their hand, until police sorted out what happened.
Police said some sort of dispute between the men led to the slashing.
The baby was not harmed.
Matthew Van Puttin, 20, of Brooklyn, was charged with criminal possession of a weapon, menacing and reckless endangerment.
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz. (CBSNewYork/AP) — Ride sharing giant Uber is putting the brakes on a fleet of self-driving cars in Arizona after a pedestrian was hit and killed.
Elaine Herzberg, 49, was crossing a street in Tempe Sunday night when the sports utility vehicle hit them
Authorities say they aren't in the crosswalk. The SUV was in self-driving mode, but officials say there was a person behind the wheel.
Uber announced it will suspend its self-driving program while the crash is being investigated.
Depending on who is found to be at fault, the accident could have far-reaching consequences for the development of self-driving vehicles, which have been billed as potentially safer than human drivers.
The testing has been going on for months as automakers and technology companies compete to be the first with the technology.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on their Twitter account and said the company is working with local law enforcement on the investigation.
The federal government has voluntary guidelines for companies that want to test autonomous vehicles, leaving much of the regulation up to states.
But Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao also has said technology and automobile companies need to allay public fears of self-driving vehicles, citing a poll showing that 78 percent of people fear riding in autonomous vehicles
The number of states considering legislation related to autonomous vehicles gradually has increased each year, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. In 2017 alone, 33 states introduced legislation.
California is among those that require manufacturers to report any incidents to the motor vehicle department during the testing phase. As of early March, the agency received 59 such reports.
Last year, New York Governor Andrew Cuomo inked a deal with General Motors to test self-driving cars on designated streets in New York City. All testing will include a person in the driver's seat to monitor everything and a second person in the passenger seat.
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
1.
Sandra Alvarez, a doctor from Daytona Beach, Florida, examines Mercedes Perez, a resident at the Petroamerica Pagan de Colon assisted living facility in San Juan, Puerto Rico, on Oct. 1, 2017.
Alvarez and Perez are members of the San Juan Medical Relief Team which is assisting elderly residents at the facility after Hurricane Maria ravaged the island. The team is mostly volunteers born in Puerto Rico that now live on the U.S. mainland.
Puerto Rico's elderly are made particularly vulnerable by shortages in medication and water and a lack of power that makes it difficult to combat the sweltering heat.
Carol Guzy / for NBC News
Why it matters to you Before this update, your
You may not have eyes in the back of your head, but Canary can make it seem as though you do. The smart home camera company released a firmware update that introduces three new and “highly coveted features” to the platform. Inspired by user requests and feedback, the three additions to Canary include an optimized Watch Live experience, two-way Canary Talk, and a web app update that allows you to stream content live to your desktop.
First and foremost comes the addition of Watch Live. Already one of Canary's most useful and well-liked features, this live-stream functionality was not exactly live before. Rather, users had to endure a five-second delay in their video feeds, which while insignificant, could have presented an issue in the case of an emergency. But now, the company's improved Watch Live experience actually gives users a real-time view of their homes. But don't worry — just because latency has been reduced does not mean that Canary has gone soft on any data security measures. All video content remains immediately encrypted before it is uploaded to the Canary Cloud. This feature will become available to Canary owners this week.
Then, there is the introduction of Canary Talk. Available to those with Canary All-in-One users with Membership, this feature, as its name suggests, allows you to talk to folks in your home via the smart camera. To use the function, simply tap and hold the microphone button on your smartphone as you are watching live, and your home inhabitants will hear your voice. Once you release the button, you will be able to hear others' responses (think of it as a 21st century walkie-talkie).
And if you want to have an impromptu conference call, you can do that through Canary Talk, too. If multiple members are using Canary Talk simultaneously, the app will display the active speaker.
Finally, Canary members can now use a web app to stream their video content from a desktop browser. Previously, content could only be seen from a mobile app, but Canary notes that this new medium “makes it easier than ever to keep an eye on the shop, nursery, workers in your home, or even the couch.”
Just remember to upgrade your Canary app to take advantage of all these new features.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Jeremy Corbyn says having a free pass is "not much use if there was not a bus".
Theresa May went head-to-head with Jeremy Corbyn in the House of Commons. Here's what happened.
Theresa May opened by paying tribute to Private Reece Miller who died while on operations in Estonia. They served the country with great distinction, they added.
The PM went on to praise the dedication and hard work of NHS staff on its 70th birthday and in the final bit of their preamble they congratulated the England football team on their World Cup win on Tuesday night.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn echoed the tributes to Pte Miller and the football team. On the NHS they said it should be properly funded and they added thanks for the work of the firefighters tackling the Saddleworth Moor fire.
Turning to their questions, they attacked the PM over bus services:
Mrs May responded by highlighting the extra funding being put into the NHS, before saying that people's working habits had been changing which had led to less use of buses around the country. They added that Mr Corbyn should ask local councils what they were doing about bus services.
Mr Corbyn claimed 500 bus routes per year had been cut and asked if the prime minister thought "bus services are a public responsibility or just something you leave to the market".
The prime minister picked up on Mr Corbyn's mention of lower-paid people being hit hardest when bus services were cut or fares increased. They said that the government was helping those people in a variety of ways, such as increasing the minimum wage.
You wait ages for a bus question and a whole host came along at once - Mr Corbyn, sticking with their theme, said there were 26m fewer bus journeys across the north of England and the Midlands and they asked the PM if they thought deregulation of the buses had been a success or a failure.
The PM did not answer that question directly, instead noting that bus use in London had gone down since Labour's mayor was elected, and then, to cheers from their MPs, said the Conservative Mayor for the West Midlands had extended free bus travel to students and apprentices.
"It will be a Labour government that saves the bus industry and a Labour government that gives free fares to under-26-year-olds," said Mr Corbyn, who also said private bus firms had made £3.3bn of profit since 2010. They asked why the government didn't give local authorities more powers over bus operators.
Mrs May hit back saying they would take "no lessons" from Labour on devolution of powers to councils. And they ended with a now-almost-traditional listing of things the government had achieved - such as record employment as it builds a "Britain fit for the future".
What else came up?
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Ian Blackford claims Conservatives are "systematically shielding their donations from public scrutiny"
The SNP's Ian Blackford began by congratulating England on their World Cup victory - their party's calling of votes during the match last night annoyed some - before raising the issue of Vote Leave "being expected to be found guilty of breaking electoral law".
Mrs May said they would not comment on a leaked report that the government had not yet seen. They said the government would consider it when it received it. (you can read the BBC story on it here)
They then said all donations to the Scottish Conservatives were accepted and declared in accordance with the law after Mr Blackford accused the party of "systematically shielding donations from public scrutiny".
Referring to reports on the Ferret website, they alleged the Scottish Conservatives had received £319,000 from the Scottish Unionist Association Trust and said there was no information about who manages the trust, who its donors are or its assets.
They urged the prime minister to reveal what checks had taken place before the money was accepted and for an investigation. Mrs May said the Scottish Conservatives worked with the Electoral Commission to make sure donations are accepted and declared properly. (you can read more about this issue here)
Labour MP Stephen Pound had a light hearted build-up to asking the PM if they would pay more tax to help fund the NHS:
Labour's Roberta Blackman-Woods brought up the forthcoming trip to the UK for President Donald Trump.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption May: the Best way to deal with Trump is to "sit down and talk to him".
There was more transport focus from Conservative MP Sir Oliver Heald:
Conservative MP Robert Halfon brought up the subject of bouncy castle safety:
The Verdicts
Here is what the BBC's Andrew Neil and Laura Kuenssberg said:
Here is BBC Parliamentary Correspondent Mark D'Arcy's verdict:
Conservatives in general and the government in particular have found a week of cabinet splits and ministerial crossfire over Brexit pretty hard to take. So did Jeremy Corbyn miss an opportunity to rub salt into open wounds, by talking about buses, not Brexit?
The Westminster bubble always prefers to hear about its own concerns, but it is flat out wrong to be dismissive of the problems on the buses - and maybe the choice of question reflected their experience of trying to penetrate the PM's carefully phrased formulae on customs unions and immigration.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Theresa May: "As we leave the UK...as we leave the EU"
But if Mr Corbyn didn't delve into Brexit, Brexiteers Owen Paterson and Sir Edward Leigh did attempt to drill down. Mr Patterson delivered a humorous-sounding question referencing President Macron's plan to hold performance reviews of their cabinet. But don't mistake the menace behind the genial grin. They were targeting "soft Brexit" cabinet ministers like the chancellor and the business secretary, to be sure, but they were also nailing the PM to their own election promises, and signalling that they wanted no retreat from them.
Sir Edward followed up by seeking reassurance on key Brexiteer concerns about securing control of immigration, and allowing the UK to strike independent trade deals, unrestricted by the EU's single market rules. The PM assured them their red lines remained in place. It sounds reassuring, but were the questioners reassured? And I was also struck by the giggles produced by their assertion that they led a strong cabinet team - the opposition doesn't even bother to jeer such claims any more.
The SNP Leader Ian Blackford had a predictably rough ride after their party forced divisions last night to keep MPs voting while the England-Colombia game was on. But they zeroed in on questions about political funding. Does this mark the opening of a parliamentary second front, attacking Brexit by attacking the legitimacy of the referendum verdict? One telling point is the way the noise level dropped as their question unfolded, and then redoubled as they continued. Maybe the hecklers recognised a threat.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Labour MP: Has McVey offered resignation?
Then, the Work and Pensions Secretary Esther McVey was added to the list of under-fire Cabinet ministers when Labour's Marsha De Cordova raised the blistering rebuke she'd suffered from the Comptroller and Auditor General, the government's Wastefinder-General for misleading the House of Commons over the contents of their National Audit Office's report on the roll-out of the new super-benefit, Universal Credit.
First, Marsha De Cordova skilfully avoided the procedural bear traps around accusations of this kind, when a false word could quite easily have resulted in the Speaker intervening, And then the PM responded by announcing that Esther McVey would apologise after question time - when they endured a brief noisy few minutes "correcting the record". Following their statement, the Labour Chair of the Work and Pensions Committee, Frank Field, said they had applied for an urgent question, to be asked tomorrow, on the issue.
So, to summarise, the PM navigated through some dangerous waters on Brexit, but the exchanges with their backbenchers had a rather rote and ritual feel.
And the questions provided a reminder that Brexit is not the only issue; Sir Oliver Heald's hardline call for action on the crisis on the railways demonstrates the heat Tory MPs are taking from commuters, the implementation of Universal Credit touches millions of voters and Jeremy Corbyn's bus questions highlighted another public service problem. The PM was, as ever, well prepared and went on the attack where they could. But the overall impression was of problems crowding in from all quarters while the government wrestles with Brexit.
PMQs extra
Here's the Esther McVey apology that followed the prime ministerial session
And here is Penny Mordaunt becoming the first minister to use sign language in Parliament:
Patrick Reed was so upset over ruling, they mocked Jordan Spieth The Arnold Palmer Invitational had just about everything, including some joking deception. Beyond Tiger's Sunday roar and Rory McIlroy winning their first tournament in nearly a year and a half,...
Henrik Stenson has felt this particular heartache before ORLANDO, Fla. — One of these days, maybe Henrik Stenson will win the Arnold Palmer Invitational at Bay Hill. Because he's done everything but win the tournament. This was Stenson's...
Tiger Woods almost did it all before the Masters ORLANDO, Fla. — When Tiger Woods walked off the 18th green at Bay Hill shortly after 5 p.m. Sunday, it marked their final piece of tournament-golf tune-up for the Masters....
Rory McIlroy ends their drought with perfect charge at perfect event ORLANDO, Fla. — Rory McIlroy insisted they were close. Apparently, they knew what they were talking about. McIlroy, shooting a scorching 8-under 64 in Sunday's final round, charged from behind...
How golf stars explain this Tiger Woods, the 'mental freak' ORLANDO, Fla. — How did this happen so quickly? How is it possible that, five tournaments into their comeback from a fourth back surgery, Tiger Woods has become so relevant...
Tiger not only big name in golf lurking behind Henrik Stenson ORLANDO, Fla. — This entire week has felt like Henrik Stenson's tournament to win. They have led after all three rounds of the Arnold Palmer Invitational at Bay Hill, taking...
Meet the fan crisscrossing country to see Tiger win again ORLANDO, Fla. — Officially, she's not a part of Team Tiger. Hailey Milan has never met Tiger Woods. They don't even play golf. But they have been to all five...
Tiger trails a top golfer by seven after a day they called a 'grind' ORLANDO, Fla. — Tiger Woods has won the Arnold Palmer Invitational eight times in their career. Henrik Stenson never has won it. That may change this week based on the...
Tiger Woods wants everyone to calm down — as they freak them out ORLANDO, Fla. — Tiger Woods wants everyone to tap the brakes. The conundrum — for Woods and everyone else — is that they refuse to take their foot off the...
— Make sure your ride is ready, By the staff of Dirt Wheels —
Have you noticed that your ATV or UTV isn't tracking straight like it used to? Or it might be that the handlebar or steering wheel isn't in the correct position? Either way, these things can become a nuisance if the front end is off even slightly. So, how can these things be fixed without taking it to a repair shop? Fixing each of these problems is much easier than you think, and hopefully you'll save some time, money and aggravation with these tips.
ADJUSTING FRONT-END TOE
Our 2017 Honda Rancher 420's front end got out of sorts after nailing a rock at full speed. The left front wheel was pointing hard to the left, while the handlebar and right tire were straight. Here's how we aligned it.
1. Here you can see what it shouldn't look like. Be sure that the machine is on level ground before you start work.
2.The next step is to sit on the quad and make sure the handlebar is straight. Then use a tie-down—it can be ratcheted or standard style—and tie both hooks to each side of the handlebar, that way the front end won't move while adjusting.
3. Loosen the tie-rod end nuts. One side of the tie-rod has left-handed threads, so be sure not to damage the nut by going the wrong way. The tie-rod itself has a dimple towards the outside edge that you can put a wrench on. Be sure to use a wrench to hold that while loosening both tie-rod nuts.
4. Once those are good and loose, you can measure the front end. Starting with the center of the front tires, use a tape measure to see what the measurement is. You will then take this same measurement on the back-side center of the front tires. These two measurements will give you two different measurements. Write each measurement down for reference as you go.
5. The rule is to have 1/4 inch of toe-in. To achieve this, you can use your hand or a wrench to spin the tie-rods clockwise or counterclockwise to get the toe where it needs to be. The front measurement should be 1/4 inch less than the rear measurement. You'll have to spin the tie-rods and re-measure as you go. It can become frustrating, but it's necessary. Once you find the perfect measurement, you can tighten up the tie-rod end nuts in the same way you loosened them. Having more toe-in will slow the machine down and make it twitchier in corners. Having more toe-out will make it very stable at high speed, but it won't turn as precisely.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Bridge over the Yalu river near Dandong, which is where most goods cross between the two countries
China is to stop importing coal, iron, iron ore and seafood from North Korea.
The move is an implementation of UN sanctions, which were imposed in response to North Korea's two missile tests last month.
China accounts for more than 90% of North Korea's international trade.
Beijing had pledged to fully enforce the sanctions after the US accused it of not doing enough to rein in its neighbour.
Economic impact
The UN approved sanctions against Pyongyang earlier this month that could cost the country $1bn (£770m) a year in revenue, according to the figures provided to the Security Council by the US delegation.
Although China's coal imports from North Korea totalled $1.2bn last year, the figure will be much lower this year because China had already imposed a ban in February, experts said.
"China has already imported its quota of coal under sanctions for 2017. So no net impact there, and North Korean exports to other countries are minimal," said David Von Hippel, from the Nautilus Institute -a think tank based in Oregon -who has researched North Korea's coal sector.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption North Korean labourers work beside coal mound near the Yalu River
The sanctions might have more of an impact on iron and seafood, experts said.
Although they are both much smaller sources of export revenue for North Korea, the two industries have seen a rise in exports this year.
Iron ore exports grew to $74.4m in the first five months of this year, almost equalling the figure for all of 2016. Fish and seafood imports totalled $46.7m in June, up from $13.6m in May.
The sanctions do not apply to the growing clothing assembly industry in North Korea.
Mr Von Hippel said in gross terms, it is nearly as large as coal, but in reality it is worth much less because North Korea has to import the inputs.
Trade and security tensions
The sanctions come against a backdrop of increased tensions between the US and North Korea, as well as heightened trade tensions between the US and China.
After weeks of heated rhetoric between the US and North Korea, on Tuesday North Korea's leader Kim Jong-un has decided to hold off on a strike towards the US territory of Guam, state news agency KCNA reported.
The apparent pause in escalating tensions comes after US President Donald Trump warned of "fire and fury like the world has never seen" if Pyongyang persisted with its threats.
On Monday, the US President Donald Trump ordered a trade probe into China's alleged theft of US intellectual property, which the Chinese state press saw as an attempt to force China to act more decisively on North Korea.
Officially, the US has denied any link between the two issues, although the president had previously suggested they might take a softer line on China in exchange for help on North Korea.
NEW MIDDLETOWN, Ohio (WKBN) – Volunteers are holding a fundraiser at St. Paul's Apostle Church Sunday from 10 a.m. – 4 p.m.
Money raised will go towards Veterans 4, a non-profit organization that is currently helping with water supplies in Puerto Rico.
There will be over 40 vendors attending, a Chinese auction and 50/50 raffle. There will also be food for purchase.
Councilman wants city to halt grant for school bus drivers A Bronx legislator said Friday they would fight “tooth and nail” to prevent the de Blasio administration from continuing a program that pays select school bus drivers millions in seniority...
Being mindful is the key to success You won't find any meditation pods at Updater, a Union Square-based startup that makes an app that helps automate the drudgery people encounter when they move. “But we are into...
Brokerage chief roasted for a good cause at cancer benefit When CBRE global brokerage chief Stephen B. Siegel was tapped to be the guest of honor for a “Toast and Roast” benefit for the Gift of Life Marrow Registry at...
Pol wants probe into de Blasio's $136M grant to school bus drivers Mayor Bill de Blasio's decision to pay school-bus workers seniority benefits that are not part of their contract is going to cost taxpayers $136 million — and a city lawmaker is...
Organized benefit funds could save taxpayers more than $160M: report Big Apple taxpayers could save more than $160 million a year if the city's 108 union-administered benefit funds — most of which are operated separately — consolidated their management and...
Chipotle latest to offer tax-driven bonuses for workers Chipotle is the latest company to give out one-time cash and stock bonuses, and will broaden parental leave benefits for workers following sweeping changes to the tax law. The announcement...
Warehouse workers may be replaced by tech-savvy counterparts Workers protesting current conditions at local warehouses serving Amazon and other retailers will soon find the work much more highly paid and less stressful — with much better benefits and...
NYC's hidden budget time bomb Pension costs aren't the only time bomb set to blow up the city's budget in the years ahead. A new report shows retiree health-care outlays are also on track to...
City on the hook for $95B in retiree health benefits The city's liability to cover future costs of health benefits to its retirees now stands at $95 billion — and is growing at a rate of $5 billion annually, according...
Bauer's In Touch, Life & Style and Closer titles get a new editor James Heidenry will be the new editorial director of Bauer Publications' celebrity magazines — In Touch, Life & Style and Closer — replacing David Perel, Media Ink has learned. Heindenry...
Wenner Media head interested in selling Us Weekly Jann Wenner, chairperson of Wenner Media, is shopping Us Weekly, according to reliable industry sources. Insiders say that potential suitors include Bauer Publications, Time Inc. and American Media Inc. —...
Bauer Publishing targeting young girls in the latest publication Someone forgot to tell the executives at Bauer Publishing, the American publishing arm of a German media giant, that the print publishing world is supposed to be retrenching. The company...
Bauer Media head stepping down, appoints new CEO A newsstand titan is retiring. When Hubert Boehle arrived in the US from Germany 27 years ago to run the Bauer Media Group, it had only two titles — Woman's...
In Touch's Perel in hot water for Blake Shelton cover David Perel, the editorial director of In Touch and Life & Style at Bauer Publishing, is said to be under pressure some two years after the former editor-in-chief of the...
Bauer Publishing gets in the food game with Recipes Plus Food continues to be a hot category in both the digital and print world, with Bauer Publishing the latest to vie for a seat at the table. Bauer, which is...
Secular publisher rolling out monthly religion mag The magazine publisher behind celebrity titles that track Kim Kardashian and the biggest loser's wedding plans has gotten that old-time religion. Bauer Publication on Friday will introduce Simple Grace, a...
How do you play a tennis great like Billie Jean King? Emma Stone, who does just that in the movie “Battle of the Sexes,” out Friday, puts aside a platter...
North winds return tonight along with more cool weather. By morning, most places will be in the lower 30s. Tuesday looks like a cool day with highs in the lower to middle 50s despite full sunshine. A warm up is in store for Wednesday with highs back in the 70s before another cool front knocks temperatures down a little for Thursday.
Expect lots of ups and downs with cool fronts every 2 or 3 days into next week. No rain in sight.
Ken Johnson, First Alert Chief Meteorologist
While Samsung and Apple compete over high-end flagship smartphones, the mid-range business is lively with plenty of competition. Almost all smartphone manufacturers have solid mid-range offerings, but some rise above the rest. The Lenovo Moto G5 Plus is often considered the best phone in the sub-$300 category, while the $250 Huawei Honor 6X gets an honorable mention for its slightly larger display.
With the Blade V8 Pro, ZTE is vying to make the short list of mid-range kings. Debuting earlier this year, the Blade V8 Pro comes at the same price as the Moto G5 Plus, although with decidedly different specs. It also offers the same 5.5-inch display size you can find on the Huawei Honor 6X.
How does it fare? For its competitive price, the Blade V8 Pro certainly is capable, and it just may dethrone the Moto G5 Plus. Let's take a closer look.
Uninspiring design
The Blade V8 Pro doesn't look bad, but it's not unique by any means. On the front of the phone, you'll be greeted with a very standard look. There's a home button on the front, and it doubles as a fingerprint scanner — we found the fingerprint scanner worked reasonably well most of the time. Perhaps once every five attempts, we would have to rescan – but that's not a terrible strike rate.
Christian de Looper/Digital Trends Christian de Looper/Digital Trends
Christian de Looper/Digital Trends Christian de Looper/Digital Trends
On either side of the home button you'll find two lit-up dots, which represent the back and multitasking buttons. If you're new to Android, this can be a little confusing. The back button lives on the left, while the multitasking button is on the right – not everyone knows that by instinct, and it may take some time to get used to the layout.
On the bottom of the phone, you'll find a USB Type-C port, along with speaker and microphone grills. On the left is a dual-SIM tray, while the right edge houses the power button and volume rocker – both are in easy-to-reach spots.
The back of the phone does away with the metal build found on other higher end ZTE phones in favor of a textured, plastic surface. We like it, not just because it's scratch-resistant, but it also gives the phone a little more grip, ensuring that you won't drop it easily. That's helpful considering the device doesn't have any official water-resistance rating, so you'll want to be careful not to drop it around any pools. On the back, you'll also find ZTE has jumped on the dual-lens camera trend.
There's nothing really unique with the Blade V8 Pro's design, but at least it looks better than the Moto G5 Plus.
Competitive specs and performance
You can't expect to get a flagship-level specifications for $230, but you should expect to get something that's capable for day-to-day use. The ZTE Blade V8 Pro more than achieves that.
The user interface is smooth, and standard functions like pulling up the app tray or accessing quick settings are responsive and quick.
Under the hood, the device comes with the Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 processor, along with a healthy 3GB of RAM. You'll get 32GB of storage, though you also have access to a MicroSD card slot for more storage expansion should you see the need. There's also NFC, which means you can use Android Pay — something you can't do on the U.S. model of the Moto G5 Plus.
The LCD display isn't going to break any records, but it does the job. At 5.5-inches and a resolution of 1,920 x 1,080-pixels, the screen offers a respectable pixel-density of 401 pixels-per-inch. It doesn't beat the 5.2-inch Moto G5 Plus' 424 pixels-per-inch, but in real world use you're unlikely to see a huge difference between the two. The screen offers plenty of brightness to see outside, even in direct sunlight.
On the performance side, you will run into some stuttering if you play power- or graphics-intensive games, but for general use it's quite capable. The user interface is smooth, and standard functions like pulling up the app tray or accessing quick settings are responsive and quick, even after some serious multitasking.
When it comes to benchmarks, the phone performed as expected. Here's a quick rundown of the scores we achieved:
AnTuTu: 62,500
Geekbench 4: 865 (Single-Core), 3,143 (Multi-Core)
3D Mark Sling Shot: 831
To put things into perspective, the Samsung Galaxy S8, which is one of the highest-performing phones out there today, scored a hefty 205,284 in AnTuTu. The Lenovo Moto G5 Plus, with 4GB of RAM, scored 63,190 – you can expect comparable performance. It beats out the Huawei Honor 6X, which scored 56,585 with its 3GB of RAM and Kirin 655 processor.
Games like Landing Confirmed run largely without a hitch, and while you may run into some lag every now and then, it isn't enough to warrant alarm. The phone does run a little warmer with slightly more graphics-intensive games like Asphalt 8, but to our surprise we didn't have many issues running it.
Decent camera
The dual 13-megapixel camera set up on the rear of the Blade V8 Pro allow for ‘bokeh' and monochrome effects — there are better phone cameras out there.
Compared to high-end phones, the photos lack a dynamic range, and the camera suffers in low-light situations. Still, what ZTE lacks in camera quality, it makes up for in features. The camera app allows you to adjust the blur effect after the shot — though it's not very good — or you can isolate colors in photos. There's also a built-in Live photo mode, which lets you create a short GIF similar to Live Photos on the iPhone. A full manual mode allows you to adjust the parameters of your shot on the fly.
The camera has decent white balance, but it's easy to see details aren't as sharp in photos. Again, the camera quality here isn't anything to write home about, but on a phone in this price range, it does relatively well.
Lightly-skinned software
ZTE has avoided going the route of a heavy Android skin by delivering a somewhat vanilla Android experience – that's a good thing.
The battery will last you a little more than a full day of use.
There are a number of pre-installed ZTE apps on the device, including “Browser,” which also happens to exist alongside a pre-installed Chrome. The extra apps are often redundant — WeShare and Dropbox come pre-installed — and you can often find the Google equivalent. Still, a few extra apps aren't anywhere near the level of bloatware you could find on a phone like this.
There are only a few tweaks to the user interface from stock Android, but they are useful. For example, you'll have access to a huge range of quick-access settings in the settings tray, and the settings menu has a “frequently used” section that's much easier to navigate through than the full settings menu. They're small changes, but they help ZTE distinguish itself a little without being to intrusive.
The only major downside here is how the software is outdated. The phone comes with Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow, and it doesn't seem as though an update is in sight. If you're looking for a phone that'll get quick and regular updates, this is not the right one for you.
Battery
The battery on the Blade V8 Pro is a hefty 3,140mAh, and it'll last you a little more than a full day of use. In our tests, the phone had around 30-40 percent of battery left after a full day – which is pretty good. We're power-users too, so light to average users may end the day with more.
ZTE Blade V8 Pro Compared To
The device wasn't necessarily as good when left on standby over a few days — around the third day, it had 30 percent left.
The Blade V8 Pro charges via a USB Type-C port, which is better than the MicroUSB port on the Moto G5 Plus. It's a reversible port, and your phone should charge faster.
Warranty information, and pricing
ZTE offers a standard limited warranty for its devices that will cover your phone from manufacturing defects for one year from the date of purchase.
The phone comes in at $230 on ZTE's website, but you can also buy it for the same price on Amazon. It's a pretty good price for a phone with these specs – it even offers more than the Moto G5 Plus.
The Blade V8 Pro is only compatible on GSM networks, meaning it will work fine on AT&T and T-Mobile, but you'll have to opt for another phone if you're on CDMA networks like Verizon and Sprint.
Our Take
The ZTE Blade V8 Pro proves that you don't have to buy a crappy phone if you're on a budget. It's a good performer, and it helps that the battery lasts a decent amount of time.
It doesn't have the latest version of Android, and it likely won't get timely security updates, but it's a fraction of the cost of flagship smartphones — some of which take just as long with updates.
Is there a better alternative?
At the $230 price point, the ZTE Blade V8 Pro can't be beat. The Moto G5 Plus is better — if you get the 64GB storage and 4GB RAM variant, but that will set you back an extra $70. The $230 Moto G5 Plus comes with 32GB of storage and 2GB of RAM.
If you have the money to spare, decide whether you want a reversible, faster charging port, and the ability to use Android Pay — those are two features you'd lose with the G5 Plus. On the other hand, you get a better software experience with Android 7.0 Nougat, somewhat faster updates, and a slightly better camera.
How long will it last?
The ZTE Blade V8 Pro should last at least two years – which is the standard lifespan of a smartphone these days. Towards the end it may slow down, especially if ZTE doesn't keep up with updates.
Should you buy it?
Yes. If you're on a tight budget and need a capable, reliable Android phone under $250, the Blade V8 Pro is the phone to get. If you're into quick Android upgrades and security updates, this phone isn't for you.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. — The Panthers were determined not to let quarterback Case Keenum get comfortable in the pocket.
They succeeded in that mission Sunday.
Carolina turned up the heat on the Vikings upstart quarterback, sacking Keenum six times and forcing two interceptions and a fumble to earn an important 31-24 victory that helped the Panthers pull even with the New Orleans at 9-4 in the NFC South. Keenum spent most of the day on the run or looking over their shoulder, never really sure where the next pass rusher was coming from.
“The guys up front did a great job with the game plan, mixing it up, throwing some blitzes in there to kind of keep them guessing,” linebacker Thomas Davis said. “And we did a good job on the back end disguising it a little bit and giving our defensive line a chance to get to the quarterback. Give those guys a chance to get there and they're going to do well.”
The Panthers also moved their cornerbacks up to the line of scrimmage.
“We wanted to be physical with them, get them up to press and move into it late, show one thing, do something different,” coach Ron Rivera said.
It all led to what Keenum described as a frustrating day.
“I mean, they're really good,” Keenum said of the Panthers sixth-ranked defence. “They did a really great job of stopping the run all day, and obviously disrupting the things pass game as well.”
The Vikings were without starting centre Pat Elflein and right tackle Mike Remmers to start the game, then lost left tackle Riley Reiff to a left ankle injury in the second half.
Reiff had their foot in a boot after the game.
“That's why we need players to come in and perform,” Vikings coach Mike Zimmer said.
The Panthers took full advantage, bringing relentless pressure against the Vikings, blitzing early and often to throw Keenum off their mark. On occasion, they would tuck the ball and run for first downs. But more often than not, the Panthers forced them into taking a sack or throwing the ball away.
Mario Addison's strip sack led to a Carolina field goal.
Kawann Short had two sacks, Julius Peppers, Luke Kuechly and Kyle Love and Addison all had one. Both starting cornerbacks James Bradberry and Daryl Worley turned in their first interceptions of the season while safety Mike Adams recovered a fumble as seemingly everyone contributed on defence.
Keenum entered the game 8-2 as a starter this season and there was some talk of them being an MVP candidate.
But they aren't happy with their own play after Sunday's game.
“I know that a lot of sacks are on me,” Keenum said. “We got out of a few and made some good plays, but they got to the quarterback a few times. I have to look at film and see how I'm moving in the pocket and how I adjust, and maybe get the ball out a little quicker.”
Carolina came into the game tied for fifth in the league in sacks.
The biggest came from Short after a change of possession late in the fourth quarter.
The Panthers, who hadn't trailed all game, led by 11 midway through the fourth quarter. But after giving up a 52-yard touchdown pass to Adam Thielen and a 2-point conversion that cut the lead to 34-31, Vikings safety Andrew Sendejo intercepted a tipped pass and returned the ball to the Carolina 6.
Just like that, the Vikings had a chance to steal the game.
But the Panthers responded by stuffing a run play, breaking up a pass in the end zone and with Short sacking Keenum for a 3-yard loss to force a field goal. Instead of taking the lead, the Vikings had to settle for a tie.
Carolina scored a touchdown on the next possession to secure the win.
“The mindset is something that we talk about all of the time,” Davis said. “When we get in those sudden change situations, we have to hold teams to field goals and take the ball away. It's drilled into your head (by the coaching staff) — field goals and takeaways, field goals and takeaways.”
——
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–NFL
An editorial from the Winnipeg Free Press, published May 28:
The race to Ontario's June 7 election approached an exciting finish this week with the Progressive Conservatives and the New Democrats roughly neck-and-neck in the polls and the ruling Liberals trying to limit the damage.
Next week's winner will enjoy the fruits of victory and will then start breaking promises. The tough thing for Ontario voters to figure out now is which promises will be broken first.
Italy last weekend may have provided a foreshadow of Ontario's near future. Two anti-European Union parties more or less won Italy's March election and were preparing to take power with an economy minister who wants to take Italy out of the European common currency and the EU. When President Sergio Mattarella intervened and told them they could not do that — Italy would cease to be credit-worthy without the backing of the European Central Bank — they raged against them and asked for new elections. A government of technocrats will run Italy for the rest of this year.
Election promises will collide with the realities of government in Ontario, too — under any of the possible governments. Kathleen Wynne's ruling Liberals promise free daycare for all children from age two-and-a-half years until kindergarten. Andrea Horwath's NDP promises free daycare at government or non-profit centres for all households below $40,000 of annual income. Doug Ford's Conservatives promise to rebate 75 per cent of child-care expenses up to $6,750 per child, together with tax cuts for everyone.
One of these parties will take power. After a few weeks in office, the new government will announce something along the lines of, “Heavens above! We've looked in the treasury and it's empty. We're still going to do what we promised, but it will take a little longer.”
Ontario does not have a Sergio Mattarella to tell a government publicly what is possible and what is not, but it does have bankers who will explain privately about the realities of marketing Ontario bonds.
Ontario is now running a budgetary deficit of $6.6 billion — $12.5 billion if you count pension plan deficits and hydro subsidies — to add to its provincial debt of $311 billion, which is an eye-popping 38 per cent of GDP. The Liberals and the NDP plan to keep borrowing, but they show no curiosity about the discipline lenders will enforce upon them if they keep driving the province deeper into debt.
The Progressive Conservative solution is to forecast economic expansion that will increase government revenues despite the promised tax cuts and hydro rate cuts. Businesses will expand because they will be so happy to have Mr. Ford as their premier.
All the parties promise to expand hospitals and schools and build new urban transportation links. But in Ontario, as in Italy, governing is a different thing from writing election promises. The promises are driven by what a party thinks the public wants to hear and limited only by what they think people will believe. Government policy, once the election is over, is driven partly by those election promises, but also by the demands of loyal supporters and the evident needs of the moment, limited by the willingness of lenders to keep buying the government's bonds.
The election promises, therefore, are just a first draft. The hard choices will come later, when the realities of power intervene. Ontario voters are trying to compare the lists of promises, but they'll only learn much later what path they chose for their province.
Cyberspace isn't any fairer than the workplace, researchers reported Thursday. They found that artificial intelligence programs like search engines or software translators are every bit as prejudiced as real, live human beings.
It may not be the fault of the programmers, the team at Princeton University reports in the journal Science. It may just be that the body of published material is based on millennia of biased thinking and practices.
Predicted percentage of female names with occupations [Credit: Aylin Caliskan] / Science
So someone named Leroy or Jamal is less likely to get a job offer, and more likely to be associated with negative words, than a similarly qualified Adam or Chip.
And AI thinks Megan is far more likely to be a nurse than Alan is, Aylin Caliskan and colleagues found.
They studied the language of various software programs, analyzing the associations that computer-based systems made for more than 2 million words.
They used some of the same tests that are standard psychological tests for people, including the Implicit Association Test, which measures how long it takes to link different words.
Related: Yes, Your Name Can Impact Your Career
For instance, people are far quicker to link the names of flowers with pleasant words such as "caress" than with unpleasant words such as "hatred." The opposite goes for insects such as maggots, which people — and, it turns out, software — link much more easily with word such as "stink."
The results are clear.
"Female names are associated more with family terms whereas male names are associated more with career terms," Caliskan said.
“ The language itself, just learning language, could account for the prejudices.”
"We show that cultural stereotypes propagate to artificial intelligence (AI) technologies in widespread use," they wrote in their report, published in the journal Science.
Related: Black Applicants Turned Away from Trump Housing
It's easy for software to learn these associations just by going through publications and literature, said Joanna Bryson, who helped oversee the research.
"Word embeddings seem to know that insects are icky and flowers are beautiful," Bryson, who is also on the staff at Britain's University of Bath, wrote in their blog.
"You can tell that a cat is more like a dog and less like a refrigerator … because you say things like 'I need to go home and feed my cat' or 'I need to go home and feed my dog' but you never say 'I need to go home and feed my refrigerator'," they said.
Related: Girls Beat Out Boys on Tech, Engineering Tests
"The language itself, just learning language, could account for the prejudices."
Caliskan found even language translation programs incorporated the prejudices. Caliskan demonstrated on a video, showing how translation software turned the gender-neutral Turkish term "o" into "he" for a doctor and "she" for a nurse.
"There are a number of ways in which AI could imbibe human bias," said Arvin Narayanan, assistant professor of computer science at Princeton.
"One is from its creators or its programmers. Another is from the data that's fed into it that comes not so much from its programmers but from society as a whole," Narayanan added.
"The biases and stereotypes in our society reflected in our language are complex and longstanding. Rather than trying to sanitize or eliminate them, we should treat biases as part of the language and establish an explicit way in machine learning of determining what we consider acceptable and unacceptable."
HARRIS COUNTY, Texas - A Harris County man at the top of the U.S. Marshal's most-wanted list has been arrested.
Officials say William Greer, now 51, killed their girlfriend, Tammy Esquivel, on Dec. 19, 2006, after an argument.
Three days after their murder, Cleveland police found Greer wandering in the streets.
They confessed to the murder, but at that time police had no evidence that a murder had actually happened, so Greer was released.
After that, Greer fled the country, investigators said.
But investigators never stopped looking for him.
This week, Greer was arrested in Mexico, ending an 11-year manhunt.
Officials with the U.S. Marshal's Office said Greer will be extradited to the United States as soon as possible.
Copyright 2017 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Three months after Amazon bought Whole Foods, promising lower prices and impending savings at the notoriously expensive supermarket, it's time for a reality check. Frequent shoppers may have noticed that relatively few products are cheaper than they were before the takeover in August.
“I'm sure they'll do better at some point, but right now, the only thing we buy that's had a price change to our benefit is the organic avocados,” said Ken Lonyai, who shops at a Whole Foods in Clark, New Jersey. “For my family, nothing has really changed as a result of Amazon's purchase.”
Several new surveys find that the price rollbacks have been very limited so far — both the number of products affected and the discounts offered — even after additional price cuts on some best-selling grocery items and holiday staples just before Thanksgiving.
“The media frenzy last summer after the takeover may have created a false impression of the extent of the reductions in shoppers' minds,” said Edgar Dworsky, founder of Consumerworld.org. “The actual number of price cuts is so small that one has to question whether this was more of a publicity stunt than a true commitment to rolling back prices storewide.”
Siggi's yogurts are seen with lower, Amazon prices on the shelves of Whole Foods. Herb Weisbaum / for NBC News
Dworsky went to three Whole Foods stores in the Boston area on Nov. 27 and counted all the “New Lower Price” shelf tags associated with the Amazon purchase. Weekly specials were not included. Dworsky found an average of 254 items marked down per store.
NBC News conducted a similar survey at a Whole Foods Market in the Seattle area and found 269 items with lower price tags. Nearly one-third of those discounts were on toothpaste or deodorant (48) or yogurt (48). The typical Whole Foods carries about 35,000 products, so that means less than one percent of the items at the store we surveyed had lower prices.
“When traditional supermarkets announce a major price rollback, they typically cut thousands of items, not dozens,” Dworsky told NBC News. “Amazon and Whole Foods have cleverly cut prices primarily on popular items like eggs, milk, and yogurt — a sophisticated marketing and psychological trick —that can subconsciously create the erroneous impression that other groceries are similarly reduced.”
When asked for a response, Whole Foods sent NBC News this statement:
“Whole Foods Market and Amazon have a shared goal to bring the highest quality, natural and organic food at affordable prices to everyone, and we're just getting started. Since the close of the acquisition less than four months ago, we've lowered prices on many of our best-selling grocery items and holiday staples, and this is just the beginning. We'll continue to work closely together to ensure we're consistently surprising and delighting our customers while moving toward our goal, and plan to offer more in-store benefits and lower prices for customers as we continue to integrate with Amazon.”
Overall prices at Whole Foods are down just 1.1 percent since Amazon bought the company, according to a survey released on Tuesday by Gordon Haskett, a New York City research firm. They compared prices on 110 items at a Princeton, New Jersey Whole Foods just after Thanksgiving with prices for the same items in August, just ahead of the Amazon deal closing.
Organic baby kale that has been reduced in price appears on sale at a Whole Foods Market in New York on Aug. 28, 2017. Amazon has completed its $13.7 billion takeover of organic grocer Whole Foods, and the e-commerce giant is wasting no time putting its stamp on the company. Joseph Pisani / AP file
Despite the latest round of price cuts announced in November, the total price for the Gordon Haskett market basket increased 1 percent from two months earlier. Compared to the end of September, prices remained the same on 87 of the items, decreased on 10 and increased on 13. The report noted that the market basket consisted of “high velocity items with year-round relevancy,” while some of the latest announced price actions were more holiday focused.
“The bottom line: “We continue to be surprised that Amazon has not been more aggressive with its pricing actions to date,” analyst Chuck Grom wrote in an email to NBC News.
Why the discrepancy?
What we've seen so far at Whole Foods reflects Amazon's traditional strategy of “identifying a handful of things that people really want and going fairly deep on those discounts,” said Miro Copic, a marketing professor at San Diego State University. Copic expects the online behemoth to move slowly — testing various strategies before making any major changes.
People already think of Amazon as the price leader, even though it doesn't have the best prices on everything. That “halo effect that whatever they do or whatever they're associated with is going to be a good value,” will rub off on Whole Foods, Copic told NBC News.
That “Bezos Bump,” as Bloomberg calls it, is expected to result in the fastest growth rate in several years for Whole Foods. Morgan Stanley analysts expect sales to increase about eight percent in the December quarter compared with 2016.
Phil Lempert, the Supermarket Guru, calls this “a first attempt” by Amazon to lower prices at Whole Foods.
“I don't think it's realistic to measure this based on percentage of items,” they said. “I think they're choosing to lower the prices on the items that will affect the most customers.”
Lempert calls the price reduction on fresh organic turkey for Thanksgiving a “brilliant move” that brought in new customers. They believe Whole Foods will focus on offering greater discounts to Prime Members to get more people to join.
How important is price?
Remember, Whole Foods is not your typical grocery store. People who shop at “Whole Paycheck” are usually higher income and not as price sensitive — they're willing to pay more for the perceived quality difference — and a lower price is not likely to get them to buy more.
Jeffrey Shulman, an associate professor of marketing at the University of Washington's Foster School of Business, teaches about price strategies. They believe Amazon sees prices as a way to attract new customers.
“They want more volume because with Amazon more volume as a corporate strategy works pretty well,” Shulman said. “They're really equipped to learn fast and learn quickly. So more customers coming through means they're getting more data and can innovate about how to sell more products.”
Lowering prices on high visibility items gets attention and you can make up the margins on other products, Shulman told NBC News.
“That's why you saw the deep discount on avocados — it made the news. People know avocados are really expensive. Amazon buys Whole Foods and immediately avocados go down, so that really sticks in the mind of customers,” they said.
Consumerworld's Dworsky has this advice for shoppers on a budget: “Don't fall for the hype. Check to see whether the items you actually buy have dropped in price significantly at Whole Foods and how those prices compare to what competitors charge.”
Herb Weisbaum is The ConsumerMan. Follow them on Facebook and Twitter or visit The ConsumerMan website.
A man stole the police car from 17th Street and Washington Avenue and sped away, according to the Miami Beach Police Department. They then lost control of the vehicle at 13th Street and Meridian Avenue and crashed into another car.
Jim Renacci, the Republican candidate for the U.S. Senate in Ohio, will be in Hillsboro Thursday, county GOP chair Paulette Donley said Wednesday.
Renacci will be at GOP headquarters at 200 W. Main St. from noon until 12;45 p.m. Thursday (May 31) for a “meet and greet,” said Donley. The public is invited.
Please Note
The opinions, analysis and/or speculation expressed on BaltimoreRavens.com represent those of individual authors, and unless quoted or clearly labeled as such, do not represent the opinions or policies of the Baltimore Ravens' organization, front office staff, coaches and executives. Authors' views are formulated independently from any inside knowledge and/or conversations with Ravens officials, including the coaches and scouts, unless otherwise noted.
SunPass sensors at the old toll signs on the Northbound I-95 Express lanes between I-195 and NW 61st Street in 2008. Miami Herald file photo
The Charlottesville mayor on Sunday blamed the heated rhetoric of Donald Trump's presidential campaign for emboldening white supremacists who caused an explosion of violence during rallies in the Virginia city.
“Look at the campaign they ran. Look at the intentional courting, both on the one hand all of these white supremacist, white nationalist groups like that, anti-Semitic groups, and then look on the other hand the repeated failure to step up and condemn, denounce, silence, put to bed, all of those different efforts just like we saw yesterday, and this is not hard,” Mayor Michael Signer said on CNN's “State of the Union.”
Signer, speaking a day after hate groups engaged in violence encounters with counter-protesters, questioned the president's leadership.
“Our democracy has been through a lot in the last century. Our city has been through a lot in the last century. We have come in this country through McCarthyism, segregation, Jim Crowe, and we've come through stronger than before that, but what's going to happen now is that we're all going to stand together on this new effort and that begins with a city like Charlottesville, but it should include the president,” the Democrat said.
Democrats and Republicans blasted Trump for not calling out specific hate groups during a press briefing at their golf resort in Bedminster, NJ, on Saturday.
Trump blamed the unrest on the ​”egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides​.​”
On Sunday, the White House released a statement that went further in identifying the groups responsible for the violence.
It said the president “condemns all forms of violence, bigotry, and hatred. Of course that includes white supremacists, KKK Neo-Nazi and all extremist groups.”
Signer said it's time for white nationalist groups to become extinct.
“The time has come for this to stop. This should be a turning point. This movement jumped the shark, and it happened yesterday,” they said on NBC's “Meet The Press.” “People are dying, and I do think that it's now on the president and on all of us to say enough is enough. This movement has run its course.”
It was a basic Freshman math class at Eastern Connecticut University. David made the first move. They struck up a conversation according to Elizabeth of Watertown. “We became friends and it just grew from there.” David proposed this past April after taking Elizabeth out to dinner. They were very surprised.
They have been dating for about 9 years. Now Elizabeth and David are preparing to take the next big step. They are planning to marry in May of 2018.
Elizbeth called to say that they love David very much.  They are looking forward to marrying them and spending the rest of their lives together.
The song Elizabeth requested is by Christina Perri.
JOHNSON & JOHNSON has unveiled controversial plans for a second wind turbine, towering up to 100 metres high over Castletroy.
The company, which employs hundreds of people through its Vistakon subsidiary in the National Technology Park, has confirmed it has submitted a planning application to Limerick City and County Council for the structure.
It's anticipated it will be at a height of 99 metres high, with a rotor radius of 51.5m wide.
In a statement, the firm has insisted it is the “second and final” wind turbine it has planned for its facility here – and pointed out that it will provide “significant environmental benefits”.
But the proposals are already set to attract objections from a community left reeling from the erection of a similar structure back in 2015.
Fine Gael councillor Michael Sheahan said they are “deeply concerned” about the proposals.
“We already have one here. We now might have a second one on the way. The visuals of this will be very off-putting for people. In the country, you're quite a bit away from these wind farms. But in this particular area, the existing turbine overlooks Mulcair Drive and the Mountshannon Road,” they said.
The location for the new structure is to the north-west of the existing turbine, at a site known as “Castletroy and Rivers” in Plassey, the planning notice states.
Cllr Joe Pond, Fianna Fail, said they would have liked it if the company had engaged with local residents ahead of seeking planning permission.
“I'd say local residents will be dead set against it. To them, the current turbine is an eyesore in the community. The noise alone, I'm being told by residents in the Mulcair Drive is not nice,” they said. “I'm all for a factory being self-sufficient in its energy ratings, but surely to goodness, something can be done to reduce the noise.”
An Taisce made a submission on the first turbine, outlining concerns over its “visual impact and intrusion on the landscape”.
A spokesperson for the Limerick branch of the heritage body this week said An Taisce would look at the impact of the turbine on the local environment, as well as the benefits it would bring in terms of helping Ireland meet its commitment to cut greenhouse gas emissions.
Johnson & Johnson says the turbine will generate up to three megawatts of electricity.
The Pulse are seemingly unstoppable in the ANZ Premiership competition, but former Silver Ferns player Courtney Tairi believes the Magic have found their rhythm after their recent win against the Stars 64 to 53.
Tairi believes the Magic are on the rise.
Tairi says, "Here comes the Magic, all you need is one win to build your confidence and to realise what you are doing is actually working and they had a convincing win against the Stars".
The Pulse defeated the Magic in their last encounter in round three of the ANZ Premiership.
"They won't see them for a couple of weeks- if they can keep building from this I think they will go close. They will be disappointed from the last time they played Pulse- they got absolutely smashed as well, so for them- [the] Magic they have got a few weeks to build confidence and take it to the Pulse when they match up."
Tairi adds that Pulse head coach Yvette McCausland-Durie is in a league of their own.
"She's really good and I've been up against them when I was in the Under 21s Australian team many years ago and I knew back they were a great coach," says Tairi.
But for now, the Magic will focus on the match against the Mystics this Sunday.
ST. LOUIS (AP) Lance Lynn pitched seven shutout innings, Kolten Wong homered and the St. Louis Cardinals stopped a three-game losing streak, beating the Pittsburgh Pirates 2-1 Monday night.
The Cardinals, who had lost six of seven, are 4-9 and still have the worst record in the NL. Pittsburgh had won three in a row before losing in a game that took only 2 hours, 14 minutes.
Lynn (1-1) allowed three hits and struck out five while walking one. They also hit two batters.
Seung-Hwan Oh worked around an RBI double by pinch hitter Gregory Polanco in the ninth to record the Cardinals' first save of the season. The last time it took St. Louis 13 games into a season to get a save was 1980, when Mark Littell closed out the Phillies at Veterans Stadium.
Ivan Nova (1-2) gave up five hits and no walks in eight innings while striking out three. In 14 overall starts for the Pirates, Nova has four complete games and a grand total of three walks.
Wong led off the third with a home run that landed in the right field bullpen.
St. Louis added a run in the seventh when Randal Grichuk singled, stole second, took third on a throwing error by catcher Francisco Cervelli and scored on a single by Jose Martinez.
Trevor Rosenthal pitched a spotless eighth for the Cardinals. Polanco doubled with two outs in the ninth before Oh retired pinch hitter John Jaso on a grounder.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Pirates: Polanco did not start for the third game due to right groin discomfort.
Cardinals: 1B Matt Carpenter did not start. They were hit in the bare hand on a groundout Sunday night against the Yankees. They appeared to damage the nail on their right ring finger.
TRADE
Pittsburgh acquired RHP Johnny Barbato from the New York Yankees on Monday for a player to be named or cash. Barbato, 24, was optioned to Triple-A Indianapolis where they will work as a reliever. They were designated for assignment by the Yankees on Wednesday.
STREAKS
The Pirates' Josh Harrison was hit by Lynn's pitch in the second inning and in the fourth inning. That marked four consecutive plate appearances they were hit by a pitch. … Pittsburgh's Andrew McCutchen singled to left in the first inning. They have hit safely in eight consecutive games.
UP NEXT
Pirates: RHP Chad Kuhl (0-1, 2.38 ERA) will make their third start. The 24-year-old Kuhl is 0-1 with a 6.43 ERA in two career starts against the Cardinals.
Cardinals: RHP Mike Leake (1-1, 3.00 ERA) will make their third outing coming off pitching seven scoreless innings in a 6-1 win at Washington.  They are 9-5 with a 3.36 ERA in 28 starts against Pittsburgh.
FOX Fantasy Baseball Join or Create a Free League
Play Now!
Ending Ivy-League bigotry The US Justice Department finally is confronting Harvard University and other elite colleges that blatantly discriminate against Asian-American applicants with a quota system. To get into Harvard, students of Asian...
DOJ threatens to sue Harvard over race-based admission practices The Department of Justice has launched a probe into Harvard University's use of race in admission practices to determine whether the Ivy League school is discriminating against Asian-American students, according...
Ex-employees allege Macy's profiles Asian customers: suit After settling allegations that it unlawfully detained black customers, Macy's is now picking on Asians, according to a lawsuit filed by four former employees of the company's flagship store in...
How about the Feds stop pushing racial discrimination? According to The New York Times, the civil rights division of the Trump administration's Justice Department is going to ramp up investigating and sue universities over affirmative-action admissions policies deemed...
Woman tells jury that their jealous ex was a self-hating Asian A Polish beauty told Manhattan jurors Monday that their jealous financier ex — who arrived to court with their tall, blond Polish wife — was a self-hating Asian-American who was...
'It's why we have Trump': Airbnb host turns away Asian guest A California woman is speaking out about the February ordeal they and and three friends endured after they claim they were denied lodging at the last minute during a snowstorm...
Asian students score the highest on SATs in NYC The city's high-achieving Asian public school students dominated their peers on SAT math scores yet again last year, according to Department of Education data released Friday. Among senior test takers,...
Black Lives Matter seeks backing from other minorities NEW YORK – The latest deaths of black people at the hands of police led Jaime Sunwoo to undertake something they had always struggled with — a conversation with her...
Biased DA, city scapegoat the Asian-American community The justice system has always failed Asian-Americans. We remember all too well the brutal 1982 slaying of Vincent Chin — a 27-year-old Chinese-American man killed near Detroit by two thugs...
Abidal unveiled as Barcelona ambassador
Former France and Barcelona defender Eric Abidal, who returned to top-flight football despite a liver transplant, was on Wednesday named as an ambassador for the Catalan club.
Barça said they had reached an agreement with the 37-year-old “to be an ambassador and representative of the club at different events in the next few years”.
They will also now form “a permanent part of the globetrotting (Barcelona) veterans team, as well as collaborating with institutional events in liaison with the Social Area and assisting with activities related with the FCBEscola soccer schools”.
Abidal spent six years as a player with Barcelona, making 193 official appearances and winning 15 major trophies, including four Ligas and two Champions Leagues. They left in 2013 after recovering from their transplant but was not offered a new contract.
Abidal was first diagnosed with a liver tumour in March 2011 but remarkably they played the whole of the Champions League final against Manchester United two months later which Barça won 3-1.
A year later they underwent the transplant.
Capped 67 times by France, they played in all bar one of the games in the 2006 World Cup where the French reached the final only to lose in a penalty shoot-out to Italy.
They announced their retirement in December 2014.
The post Abidal unveiled as Barcelona ambassador appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
In November 1964, a crowd of 5,000 attended the opening of the Verrazano Narrows Bridge, then the longest suspension bridge in the world. Presiding were New York Mayor Robert Wagner,...
Report: MVP tree-cutting in Roanoke Co. now 60% complete
| By
Roanoke County Police Chief Howard Hall says they have been informed that tree cutting for the Mountain Valley Pipeline is now 60% complete through the county. Hall told the Board of Supervisors today that police relations have been cordial with the tree-sitting pipeline protestors and their supporters on the ground — but the protest is illegal, and arrest warrants await the two women when they come down. They say most of what has occurred did not come as any surprise:
04-24 Hall Bite1-WEB
County Fire and Rescue Chief Steve Simon told supervisors that crews have pre-positioned equipment near the tree-sitting protest site in case a medical rescue becomes necessary.
KINGSTON, Jamaica – Summer may be coming to an end, but that's no reason for travelers to stop planning romantic trips to Jamaica, the Home of All Right.
According to Trip Savvy, only 31% of U.S. adults said they took a romantic getaway in the past 12 months.
Couples don't have to wait for Valentine's Day for an amorous vacation and Jamaica has the perfect locations for lovers seeking an unforgettable experience.
In addition to awe-inspiring sunsets, warm sunshine, azure water and sandy beaches, couples looking to keep the passion going after a hot summer can turn to these romantic island offerings:
Just you, your significant other and the Martha Brae River (plus your expert captain, of course) as you slowly drift along the serene tree-lined stretch on a 30-foot bamboo raft.
Rescue teams in northern Thailand were giving crash courses in swimming and diving on Wednesday as part of complex preparations to extract a young soccer team trapped in a cave, and hoping for a swift end to their harrowing 11-day ordeal.
Divers, medics, counsellors and Thai navy SEALS were with the 12 schoolboys and a 25-year-old assistant coach, providing medicines and food while experts assessed conditions for getting them out safely, a task the government said would not be easy.
“The water is very strong and space is narrow. Extracting the children takes a lot of people,” Deputy Prime Minister Prawit Wongsuwan told reporters.
“Now we are teaching the children to swim and dive,” they said, adding that if water levels fell and the flow weakened, they would be taken out quickly.
The SEALS posted photographs on Facebook showing their members working in chest-deep water in the cave, adding that it was pumping water as “fast as possible” as it prepares to bring out the stranded group.
About 120 million litres of water had been pumped out by late on Tuesday, or about 1.6 million every hour.
It was unclear what the options were to get the “Wild Boar” team out of the Tham Luang caves in Chiang Rai province and how they would be steered through tight, fluid conditions and uncertain weather.
Experts say divers have required three hours to reach the boys, located about 4 km (2.5 miles) from the mouth of the cave.
A video released by the SEALS showed two rescuers seated on an elevated part of the cave beside boys wrapped in emergency foil blankets who appeared to be in good spirits, occasionally laughing.
A torch is shone on each boy, who says hello and introduces themselves with head bowed and palms pressed together in a traditional “wai” greeting.
One wears what appears to be the red jersey of the England soccer team in Tuesday's World Cup second-round victory over Colombia. Another wears the blue shirt of English team Chelsea.
The group was discovered by the SEALS and two British cave diving experts on Monday, having been incommunicado since June 23, when a post-practice outing went awry, prompting the high-profile search and rescue effort.
The multinational operation has included divers from the Australian Federal Police, U.S. military personnel, British cave experts and teams from China, Japan, Laos and Myanmar.
The Thai army has sent in 31 divers to support the navy's SEALS, a spokesperson said.
News that the team had survived sparked relief, celebrations and an outpouring of praise in a country transfixed by the drama and its almost blanket media coverage.
Chiang Rai Governor Narongsak Osottanakorn said the authorities were keen to get the boys out and suggested that might have to happen in phases.
“All 13 don't have to come out at the same time,” they told reporters. “Who is ready first can go first.”
Officials have dismissed as speculation reports that the boys could be trapped for up to four months, although supplies have been prepared for that period of time.
There was much work to be done in preparing the boys for what could be a demanding task, and rescue teams should not be pressured to act faster, said a deputy government spokesperson, Weerachon Sukondhapatipak, who was at the cave on Wednesday.
“Some of them can't swim, so therefore it will take time for them to adjust,” they said.
“Officials would teach them how to move, how to dive, how to move their body under those circumstances.”
Somboon Sompiangjai, 38, said their son Peerapat, 16, was able to swim, adding that they were confident the SEALS' experience and professionalism would help get the boys home safely.
“I am not worried if the kids have to swim and dive,” they told Reuters.
“I felt much better after seeing the clips with the children in good spirits, even though they were in there for 10 days.”
Elsewhere in the eastern part of the United States, where at least one death was blamed on a nearly weeklong heat wave, 98 million people were under heat advisories or warnings, NBC meteorologist Dylan Dreyer reported.
And while the heat was expected to subside in the East by the weekend, it was expected to cause only more trouble as it headed west — where multiple wildfires have caused thousands to flee.
In eastern Utah, hundreds of residents had evacuated as of Wednesday morning and about 30 homes had been lost to the Dollar Ridge fire, an out-of-control wildfire that had reached 40,469 acres, according to NBC affiliate KSL of Salt Lake City.
The Dollar Ridge fire is the largest of several fires burning across the state. On Tuesday, Gov. Gary Herbert warned residents on Twitter not to light any fireworks on federal, state or unincorporated land because of "extreme fire danger" in the state.
Meanwhile, in Colorado, the Colorado Springs fire grew on Wednesday to 94,125 acres and was only 5 percent contained, according to NBC affiliate KUSA of Denver. It destroyed 104 homes, making it one of the most destructive fires in state history.
In total, nearly 60 active fires are burning across the West, according to the National Interagency Fire Center, including nine in New Mexico and six in California.
At least 44 fireworks shows were canceled across Colorado amid the risk of more fire, KUSA said.
And nearly everywhere, July 4th celebrants braved the heat.
On New York's Coney Island, reigning champ Joey Chestnut handily won the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest by downing 74 frankfurters in 83-degree temperatures that felt like 91 degrees, according to the National Weather Service.
Joey Chestnut wins the annual Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest, setting a new world record by eating 74 hot dogs in Brooklyn, New York City, U.S., July 4, 2018. Stephen Yang / Reuters
In Washington, D.C., where Wednesday's highs were forecast to be in the low 90s with a heat index around 100, free performances and a fireworks show on the National Mall were going on as planned.
President Donald Trump wished America a happy birthday in a tweet that read, "Happy Fourth of July....Our Country is doing GREAT!" They later tweeted a video message in which they praised the country's founding fathers, who "forever changed the course of human history."
Security was tight across the country for the holiday.
In Chicago, 1,500 additional police officers were dispatched ahead of the holiday weekend in hope of preventing violence. In Pittsburgh, officers were doing bag checks at Point State Park, where thousands were expected for fireworks and other festivities. In New York, home to the biggest fireworks celebration in the country, police divers were sent into the East River to ensure that there had been no sabotage to the fireworks barges.
In New Carlisle, Ohio, July 4th revelers had a special reason to celebrate: On Saturday, the cash-strapped city will hold a Fourth of July fireworks show for the first time in more than a decade, made possible in part by the newly elected City Council, which allocated $10,000 for it, the Springfield News-Sun reported.
Celebrations turned tragic in Illinois on Tuesday night when two people were killed and several others were injured after a branch fell on spectators during a fireworks show.
Rock Island County Sheriff Gerald Bustos said Wednesday that Daniel Mendoza Sr., 61, of Rock Island was pronounced dead at the scene. Lawrence R. Anderson, 72, of Moline died at a hospital.
Charles Oakley does not want Lamar Odom on their BIG3 team
The BIG3 basketball league has given former New York Knicks fan favorite Charles Oakley another chance to play competitive basketball, but the 53-year-old does not believe that same opportunity should be afforded to Lamar Odom.
Oakley, a player/coach who made their playing debut with the BIG3's Killer 3s on Sunday, told TMZ they would not want Odom on their team.
“I don't like them like that,” Oakley said. “In life, sometimes you only get but one chance. He's had three or four chances. They can play, he's a talented guy. I'm just saying … I don't want them on my team.”
Odom, 37, has said in the past that they would like to resurrect their basketball career. A previous report from TMZ indicated they have a legitimate chance at joining the BIG3, though league founder Ice Cube sounded skeptical in some recent remarks they made.
What comes next for Belle Knox? In the winter of 2014, Duke University's student body was buzzing: A first-year student among them had a side hustle appearing in porn films. Frenzied speculation gripped chat boards and text...
Politician 'follows' porn star, says Twitter account was hacked Honestly, my Twitter account was hacked! A Suffolk County politician pulled a move out of the Anthony Weiner playbook when The Post discovered they were following Duke porn star Belle...
Wisdom of a college porn star Does Belle Knox read The Post? We ask because in an article the Duke porn star wrote for Time — under their real name, Miriam Weeks — they expound on...
These NYC coeds are students by day, strippers by night Ever since controversial undergrad/Duke porn star Belle Knox announced she'd be headlining their first strip show in NYC on Friday, college students have been racing to the poles. Mike Diaz,...
Awards (watchlist) season is here. Kyle Chung has been named a player to watch for the Rimington Award, given annually to the best center in college football:
BLACKSBURG – Redshirt senior OL Kyle Chung has been tabbed to the Rimington Trophy Spring Watch List, the award's committee announced Wednesday.
Chung started in all 13 games last season for the Hokies at right tackle. They moved over to center this spring after seeing some time at the position over the course of their career.
One of three returning starters on the offensive line this season for the Hokies along with seniors Braxton Pfaff and Yosuah Nijman, Chung received a sixth year of eligibility from the NCAA after battling injuries earlier in their career. Their 16 career starts ranks second on the line behind Nijman's 22.
The Rimington Trophy is presented annually to the most outstanding center in NCAA Division I College Football. Since its inception, the seventeen-year old award has raised over $3.6 million for the Boomer Esiason Foundation, which is committed to finding a cure for cystic fibrosis. Dave Rimington, the award's namesake, was a consensus first-team All-America center at the University of Nebraska in 1981 and 1982, during which time they became the John Outland Trophy's only two-time winner as the nation's finest college interior lineman.
HUNTSVILLE, Ala. — New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker traveled to Alabama to campaign for Democratic Senate nominee Doug Jones on the final weekend before voters go to the polls.
But the clear subtext of Booker's visit was the 2020 presidential election.
While this red state isn't competitive in general elections at the presidential level, Alabama and other Deep South states can be pivotal in Democratic primary races. As Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton demonstrated, a contender who can consolidate the support of African-American voters in this part of the country has a major advantage in trying to win the party's nomination.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Women voters will be key to Alabama Senate election 3:23 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"For any candidate that's interested in running in 2020, Alabama is in play. We're going to be a player," state Rep. Anthony Daniels, Alabama's first black House minority leader, said after Jones spoke to a Baptist congregation here.
While Booker's known to political insiders in Alabama, Daniels said, this campaign swing for Jones will make them a more familiar figure among rank-and-file voters. "It probably helped him, too," Daniels said.
With @GDouglasJones, visiting churches in Birmingham this morning. So grateful for the rousing greeting we are receiving at every church. The energy is so uplifting. Alabama votes on Tuesday. pic.twitter.com/6xero2ZLSU — Cory Booker (@CoryBooker) December 10, 2017
At a rally in Birmingham on Sunday afternoon, Booker was asked by a reporter why a New Jersey senator would come to Alabama — and they stressed their ties to the state.
"My roots go into this state. My family were coal miners in the state of Alabama. I owe a debt to Alabamans, and I can't pay it back — those generations have passed — but I can pay it forward," they said. "I'm here to try to let folks know how special this community is, how special this state is."
As they spoke, a man in the crowd shouted, "Booker 2020!"
Asked about that, Booker deflected by noting that their Senate seat is up the same year.
Still, Booker had an opening to lay some political groundwork that wasn't available to all of the 2020 hopefuls. For the most part, Jones' campaign wanted national-level Democrats to stay out of the state, fearing that their opponent, Republican Roy Moore, would attack Jones for involving outsiders in the race.
When former Vice President Joe Biden came to the state in October, Republicans seized on their appearance to tie Jones to national Democrats and interest groups that align with them.
But the Jones camp's informal embargo on Democratic heavyweights did not apply to members of the Congressional Black Caucus, as the candidate's hopes hinge in part on mobilizing black voters. Democratic Rep. Terri Sewell, the only African-American in the state's nine-member congressional delegation, organized appearances by several black lawmakers over the weekend.
Booker is one of three black Democrats who are often mentioned as potential presidential contenders in 2020. One of the others, former Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick, also campaigned with Jones. The third, California Sen. Kamala Harris, planned to be in Alabama but had a scheduling conflict, according to one of their aides.
Newark Mayor Cory Booker takes the stage to speak during day one of the Democratic National Convention at Time Warner Cable Arena on Sept. 4, 2012 in Charlotte, North Carolina. Joe Raedle / Getty Images
They have found other ways to support Jones, the aide said, including headlining a Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee event for Jones in Washington; raising nearly $170,000 for them using their e-mail list; signing onto a MoveOn.or appeal for them that netted more than $200,000 for him; and donating $5,000 from their political action committee.
Though Jones' focus in the final days of the campaign has been on turning out black voters, who account for about 27 percent of the state's population and made up 19 percent of the electorate the last time a Democrat, Don Siegelman, was elected governor in 1998.
Jones has become a cause célèbre for national Democrats — across the racial and ideological spectrum — because Moore has been accused of sexual misconduct with teenage girls and because they abhor their record and comments on same-sex marriage, issues of importance to racial and religious minorities and other matters. But most elected Democrats have offered their support from a distance and stayed out of the state.
Not Booker, who surely knows the value of African-American voters in Democratic primaries in the South.
In 2016, Clinton beat rival Bernie Sanders in the Alabama primary with 78 percent of the vote. Them victory was fueled by 91 percent support among black voters, who accounted for 54 percent of the electorate, and they took 44 of the state's pledged Democratic convention delegates to Sanders' nine.
That 35-delegate margin was their fourth largest in the country, behind only Texas, Florida and Georgia. And Clinton, who claimed 359 more pledged delegates than Sanders did nationwide, netted a 153-delegate edge in the Deep South states of Alabama, Georgia, Mississippi, South Carolina and Louisiana, according to a calculation of Green Papers data.
They won those states handily because of the near-monolithic support they had among African-American voters, who accounted for half or the majority of the Democratic primary electorate in each of them. And all of them voted early in the primary process, helping them to stake out a big lead and build the narrative that Sanders could not overtake them Similarly, Obama relied on the backing of African-American voters to defeat Clinton for the 2008 Democratic nomination.
The question for Booker and any Democratic presidential hopeful in 2020 is whether they or they can repeat the performances of Clinton and Obama in consolidating African-American support, or if black voters here and in states with similar demographics will split among the eventual contenders. It's far too early for voters to start making those kinds of decisions, but not for candidates to begin subtly wooing them.
In interviews with NBC over the weekend, some voters said they were aware of Booker before their weekend swing through the state.
Huntsville resident Marilyn King, 61, said it was "courageous" that Booker had lived for years in a foundering housing project in Newark so that they could immerse themselves in the community and "honorable" that they came to campaign for Jones.
"There's something about Southern people: We don't forget things too easily," they said. "I think we're appreciative of them coming down. But we're going to watch them and see where they go. So far he's looking good."
Think of the wedding cake as the centerpiece of the reception. It's part decoration, part cuisine. Not only should the cake compliment your décor—the colors, theme, etc.—it should also compliment the other foods served. Every aspect of weddings has been elevated thanks to Pinterest, reality television, and an overall growth in the high-end wedding market. And while other desserts are popping up at weddings, too, none are more celebrated than the infamous wedding cake. Take your dessert high in the sky with a multi-tiered creation, or get creative with frosting and flavor for a next-level confectionary. The best recipe for a memorable wedding cake is a perfect balance of design and taste.
Take Your Time
Crafting the perfect wedding cake for your affair takes time. You wouldn't rush the baking process and there's no need to rush the design process either, as long as you're planning ahead. Wedding rule of thumb says cakes should be ordered two months before nuptials, making it one of the last large elements planned.
Taste is Everything…
Meet with your baker for a tasting and design consultation. Whether this is one appointment, or multiple, is up to you and the cake creator. Taste as many flavor combinations as you can stomach to expertly combine fillings, frostings, and flavors. And when you need to, ask the advice of a professional.
One of the benefits of the cake deadline coming last is that your dinner menu has likely been cemented. Bring a copy of the menu to share with your baker so you can pick flavors that will enhance the taste of dinner and drinks.
But so is Design
Pinterest is a good starting place when it comes to choosing a cake design. Peruse the popular wedding website and pin designs you love to your wedding board. Share these shots with your cake designer to give an idea of the look you're after. Instead of copying the photo exactly, designers can create a one-of-a-kind masterpiece inspired by your pinned photos.
Expert bakers go beyond classic cakes with floral toppers. Frosting can look mosaic or ombre, be bright and colorful, muted, or, beautifully bare (naked cake trends are on the rise and perfect for those who dislike an overload of sweet frosting), or trade those flowers for fresh fruit instead. The choice is yours!
While there are many avenues to stroll down on this cakewalk, the design should compliment the overall feel of your wedding. Don't feel limited by wedding cake norms either—tradition has gone out the window as brides look for the next big wedding cake trend! Help your cake designer out by bringing photos of the other design elements of your wedding—think décor, reception space, even your dress! It'll help create a cohesive look for the reception where the cake will be on display.
Take Shape
While the colors and toppers are important pieces of your cake design, the shape is another matter that must be addressed. Round tiers are the classic option, but brides today are thinking outside of the box—er, circle.
Go square, hexagonal, heart-shaped or spherical (a growing trend for grooms cakes). Create a Leaning Tower of Pisa out of sugar, flour, and eggs, or take the Mad Hatter's approach to a mismatched cake.
Step it Up
Want your cake to tower on its tabletop? Add layers! Looking for a cake that appears to be covered in pearls? That's easy! Are sugar flowers in your future? A cinch! Don't feel limited in your quest for the perfect cake. Welcome the unusual and imprint your initials, embrace texture, and really infuse your style into dessert. Guests will have a full evening to marvel at the design work before diving in to taste.
President Nicolás Maduro launched the first ever government-backed cryptocurrency last month to boost capital and circumvent previous U.S. sanctions against the regime. Marcelo_Garcia Marcelo_Garcia/picture-alliance/dpa/AP Images
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids Pause
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
1:24 Dog rescued after being buried alive in Italian earthquake
(AP Photo/Eduardo Verdugo). Mexico's Raul Jimenez, left, heads the ball over Brazil's Thiago Silva during the round of 16 match between Brazil and Mexico at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Samara Arena, in Samara, Russia, Monday, July 2, 2018.
(AP Photo/Thanassis Stavrakis). Brazil goalkeeper Alisson, left, celebrates with teammate Thiago Silva during the round of 16 match between Brazil and Mexico at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Samara Arena, in Samara, Russia, Monday, July 2, 2018. Bra...
(AP Photo/Andre Penner). Mexico's Javier Hernandez, right, is challenged by Brazil's Miranda, left, and Brazil's Thiago Silva, center,during the round of 16 match between Brazil and Mexico at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Samara Arena, in Samara, Ru...
By SAMUEL PETREQUIN
AP Sports Writer
KAZAN, Russia (AP) - Four years after Brazil's humiliation at its home World Cup, Thiago Silva is back to their best in Russia, a country where their then-burgeoning career was almost tragically cut short years ago.
The 33-year-old Brazil center back - who is nicknamed "O Monstro" for their exceptional physical abilities - is probably playing in their final World Cup, and they have been enjoying a perfect tournament so far.
While forward Neymar attracted negative comments for their antics on the field, Silva has been irreproachable. The captain arguably has been the best center back of the tournament, alongside Uruguay captain Diego Godin.
Like Uruguay, Brazil has conceded only one goal in Russia so far, from a set piece in its opening 1-1 draw with Switzerland . And the Selecao's rivals have managed only five shots on target in their four matches against the five-time champions.
Silva has been playing a key role in helping Brazil achieve those impressive statistics, anchoring the defense with authority and class. During the 2-0 win against Mexico that guaranteed Brazil advanced to the quarterfinals for the seventh consecutive time, Silva was decisive both in the air and on the ground, blocked several shots and made two clearances.
"It's a huge joy to be doing an excellent cup and to be growing with every game," Silva said. "I'm happy about my performance, and the performance of the team."
Happiness and joy have been hard to come by during some stretches of Silva's career.
The native of Rio de Janeiro went through hard times after Brazil's 7-1 loss to Germany at the last World Cup. Silva did not play in that game because they were suspended, but they were harshly criticized and branded a cry baby for their emotional outbursts as they were pictured in tears before a penalty shootout against Chile in the round of 16.
After the tournament, they were stripped of the team's captaincy by new coach Dunga, then left off the regular roster after the 2015 Copa America. They returned from exile in September 2016 for World Cup qualifiers after being called up by Dunga's successor, Tite.
Those professional ups and downs are nothing compared to the ordeal Silva went through back in 2005, when they spent about six months in a Moscow hospital after they contracted tuberculosis. Regarded at the time as one of the world's most promising defenders, Silva had been sent on loan from Porto to Dynamo Moscow alongside several teammates.
"It was probably the worst episode of my life," Silva said.
It was during a training camp in Portugal that doctor Yuri Vassilkov, who had traveled along with the team, noticed that Silva had a persistent cough.
"He had temperature and we thought it was a simple cold," Vassilkov said in an interview with L'Equipe newspaper this week. "I gave them some medication but they did not improve. I was a bit worried and I sent them for exams at the British hospital in Lisbon. The diagnosis was terrible: tuberculosis. It was a shock."
Vassilkov believes that the diagnosis was so late that Silva was weeks away from dying.
Silva was brought back to Moscow, where they were hospitalized in a center specializing in tuberculosis treatment. At the time, Silva did not speak English or Russian and went through a bout of depression.
"The cold, the lack of natural light, the fact that I could not speak to anybody ... All this was very difficult to handle," Silva remembered in an interview with Belgian Sport/Foot magazine.
After Russian doctors at one point considered removing part of their lungs, Silva survived and fully recovered. They never played a game for Dynamo, and these painful events are just bad memories now.
"That would have ended my career. I needed guardian angels to take me away," Silva said. "I was a bit overwhelmed in a friendly we played against Russia this year. It is different for me to play there. I hope I can erase that by lifting the World Cup trophy."
___
Associated Press writer Luis Andres Henao in Samara contributed to this report.
___
More AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
CBN alerts financial institutions on 5 special global terrorists
Vanguard
They are Mark John Taylor, El Shafee Elsheik, Anjem Choudary, Sami Bouras and Shane Crawford. Terrorists (SDGT). Director, Other Financial Institutions, CBN, Mrs. Tokunbo Martins disclosed this in a letter posted on apex bank's website yesterday.
and more »
ERIN, Wis. – However you slice it, Erin Hills is a sprawling ballpark. Think the Coors Field of golf, with four par 5s that measure over 600 yards, four par 4s over 500 yards and a total tab that stretches 23,400 feet from the back tees.
Intimidating, interminable, immense, whatever qualifier you choose seems to fit this year's Midwest stopover, and the seeming impromptu yard work by the maintenance staff on Tuesday only crystalized the notion that the USGA is already in damage control mode.
Officials said trimming portions of Erin Hill's fescue wasn't a byproduct of player complaints. Instead it was, essentially, a move to make the layout more playable less than 48 hours before the first tee shot is hit.
But for all the tales of woe and the increasingly clever chatter on social media, it won't be the “miscue with the fescue” that will ultimately define this championship or any other agronomic issue (see Bay, Chambers 2015).
It's all a shell game, sleight of hand stuff to draw the players' attention. If the field is worried about the length of the fescue on the fourth hole they aren't paying attention to the man behind the curtain.
U.S. Open: Tee times | Full coverage
The same could be said of those ridiculous numbers on the Erin Hills scorecard.
One caddie explained this week that it took them more than 30,000 steps to round Erin Hills during a practice round, but ultimately it won't be the physical toll players will need to overcome so much as it will be the championship's unique mental challenges.
The consensus is the layout won't play nearly as long as advertised thanks to rolling hills and fairways that run as fast as you typical green at a municipal track; but for those sitting around thinking about the next 72 holes it certainly leaves an impression.
“It's always a physical test. It's a big golf course. It's a tough one to walk. The rough is always thick. You're just putting more effort into each round. But then most of all it tests the mental game more than any other place in golf,” Jordan Spieth said. “If you came for a stress-free tournament you didn't come to the right place.”
You could argue that some in the 156-player field have already fallen victim to these mind games, but then acres of swaying fescue can do that to even the world's best players.
Asked on Tuesday their reaction to the USGA's decision to tidy up some of the deep stuff, Rory McIlroy made no attempt to hide their displeasure.
“We have 60 yards from rough line to rough line. You've got 156 of the best players in the world here, if we can't hit it within that avenue, you might as well pack your bags and go home,” McIlroy said.
Nothing brings out tough love like a U.S. Open.
While the Northern Irishman's take may be a little harsh for some, it's also a shining example of the mental impact of playing a U.S. Open. You don't have to hit into the fescue to be impacted by the stuff, you just need to know it's there.
The U.S. Open is as much a mind game as it is marathon. Look no further than the par-3 ninth, the shortest hole on the course at 135 yards, to prove the point. It should be no more than a wedge for most in the field, but the USGA blocked off seven different tee boxes they could use on the hole on any given day.
It's all part of the competitive curveball that makes up the U.S. Open mystique, a test of a player's mental ability every bit as a much as their mettle. It's by design.
“I talked to Jack Nicklaus quite a few times about this, but to hear Jack talk about coming to a U.S. Open, they loved it, absolutely loved it when players would be chirping about things he'd say that player is done, that player is done, and in most cases they were right,” said Mike Davis, the USGA's chief executive officer. “You have to come into this test of golf, whether it's this week or the Women's Open or the U.S. Girls Junior, you've got to come in with a certain mindset. And you know we're going to test you.”
The USGA may have started to gravitate away from the notion that the U.S. Open is “the game's toughest test,” to the less intimidating tagline of being “the game's ultimate test,” but a mental test by any other name is still a mental test.
Davis & Co. have become experts at pushing the envelope and beyond. Look no further than the 2015 edition as an example of the latter when Chambers Bay's greens ventured too close to the edge, and the field spent the week putting across and around patches of dirt.
There are no immediate indications the USGA is dancing too close to the sun this week. In fact, Tuesday's grooming of the rough is an example of the association's desire to err on the side of caution, but it will do nothing to change the mental dynamic that is such an overriding, if not rarely addressed, aspect of this championship.
“Everyone has a breaking point and a limit or threshold that they'll actually reach,” Jason Day figured this week. “They'll go, 'OK, do I actually want to push it even more or do I have enough in the tank?'
“Those moments are the moments when you learn the most about yourself, whether you can actually push more than you've ever pushed before in your life.”
Those are the moments that make the U.S. Open unique among the game's Grand Slam stops – a 72-hole SAT without equal. Everything else – the ridiculous length of the course or acres of fescue waiting to be turned to hay – is simply a distraction, a way to identify not only this week's best player, but the mentally strongest as well.
Several vigils were held on Sunday in response to Saturday's deadly rally in Charlottesville, Va.
Some 200 protested in Bedminster on Sunday, where President Donald Trump is vacationing at their private golf club. Vigils were also held in Frenchtown and in Clinton.
Heather D. Heyer, 32, of Charlottesville, was killed when a car went into a crowd of protestors opposing a rally led by white nationalists. James Alex Fields Jr., 20, of Ohio, has been charged with second-degree murder.
SEOUL, South Korea — The U.S., Japan and South Korea began joint exercises Monday to simulate how they would target Kim Jong-un's ballistic missiles in the event of an attack, military officials from South Korea and Japan said.
North Korea last week said the outbreak of war was "an established fact" following another set of U.S.-South Korea exercises — although the isolated country has often issued such fiery rhetoric without action.
Monday's drills involved two U.S. destroyers, as well as one warship each from Japan and South Korea, a South Korean military spokesperson told NBC News.
Related: Trump's North Korea policy could trigger famine, experts warn
The exercises saw the three countries sharing tactical information "during a simulation to target North Korean ballistic missiles," the spokesperson said, adding that they came "in response to growing North Korea's nuclear and missile threats."
The drills were also confirmed to Reuters by Japan's Maritime Self-Defense Force.
Last month, North Korea conducted what it said was its most powerful intercontinental ballistic missile test to date, which it claimed could target anywhere in the U.S.
Any nuclear weapon capable of doing so, however, would also need to carry a small, lightweight warhead and be able to withstand reentry into the Earth's atmosphere.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed FROM DEC. 4: U.S. stealth jet fighters conduct huge air drill over South Korea 0:49 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Experts are unsure exactly how close Kim is to achieving their goal, and many believe they want the weapons to deter the U.S. from trying to topple their regime, rather than to strike them without provocation.
The North has offered to freeze its nuclear and missile programs in exchange for the U.S. stopping its joint drills with South Korea. Russia and China also back what the latter calls a "dual suspension" solution to the standoff.
Earlier this year, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson rejected such a freeze because they said it would effectively enshrine the nuclear capability that North Korea has already achieved and leave little leeway to dismantle its program as it stands, something that would be unacceptable to the U.S.
Stella Kim reported from Seoul. Alexander Smith reported from London.
Panthers Ron Rivera on the play of the cornerbacks
Carolina Panthers head coach Ron Rivera was pleased with the play of cornerbacks Daryl Worley and James Bradberry on on Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017 against the Minnesota Vikings. Both players had interceptions or Vikings quarterback Case Keenum.
by Bill Stephens
The VFW Post 4687 in Melbourne will conduct their monthly meeting on December 12 at 6 p.m. The Post is located at 584 West Road in Melbourne and all current members and those wishing to join the VFW are welcomed.
Community interest projects that will be discussed include having the local Cub Scout Troop 316 help in planting Veteran Grave Markers in several local cemeteries and participating in a Worn Flag Burning Ceremony to destroy the numerous US Flags accumulated by Izard County Flag Disposal box located in the Courthouse.
Other items will be the pinning of several new officers, discussion for the Christmas Dance with Santa Claus for the children and supporting the Melbourne High School graduating class.
Any Veteran that served during a combat related tour overseas is encouraged to come out and join the VFW in recognition of your duty in a foreign land.
Reminder that the Melbourne VFW Post 4687 conducts a dance every Friday evening and hosts the Vietnam Veterans Coffee Meeting every first and third Thursday of the Month. The VFW Post also rents its facility to anyone desiring a large meeting hall for weddings, family reunions or other celebrations where a large in-door facility is required.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
A man suffered a serious leg injury while illegally riding on a train in Seymour, Indiana, early Wednesday morning. (Source: Seymour Police Department)
SEYMOUR, IN (WAVE) - A man who police said was riding on a train illegally suffered a serious injury in Seymour early Wednesday morning.
According to a post on the Seymour Police Department Facebook page, the man, a 25-year-old from Louisville, "was found to have been illegally riding the train when their lower leg was crushed between two of the last train cars. The man later fell from the train as it continued north bound."
The incident happened at about 5:30 a.m. on a northbound train heading into Seymour.
After a couple hours of being closed, the Tipton Street crossing on the Louisville-Indiana Railroad opened at about 7:30 a.m., but all crossings north of U.S. 50 remained closed as of 8:30 a.m.
Below is the Facebook post from the Seymour Police Department:
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
In a statement, Schneiderman praised the decision as "a watershed moment for efforts to address the corrosive effects of sexual misconduct in the workplace."
The movie and TV studio becomes the first high-profile company to be forced into bankruptcy in the nationwide outcry over workplace sexual misconduct. Dozens of prominent men in entertainment, media, finance, politics and other realms have seen their careers derailed, but no other company has seen its very survival as tightly intertwined with the fate of one man as the Weinstein Co.
Some 80 women, including prominent actores, have accused Harvey Weinstein of misconduct ranging from rape to harassment. Weinstein, who was fired as their company's CEO in October, has denied any allegations of non-consensual sex.
Related: 'We're fighting every day' — Six women in Hollywood on #MeToo
The Weinstein Co. said it has entered into a "stalking horse" agreement with an affiliate of Dallas-based Lantern Capital Partners, meaning the equity firm has agreed to buy the company, subject to approval by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Delaware.
Lantern had been among a group of investors that had been in talks for months to buy the company outside of bankruptcy. That deal was complicated when Schneiderman filed their lawsuit, citing concerns that the sale would benefit executives accused of enabling Weinstein's alleged misconduct and provide insufficient guarantees of compensation for their accusers. Talks to revive the sale finally fell apart two weeks ago when the group of buyers said they had discovered undisclosed liabilities.
The Weinstein Co. said it chose Lantern as a potential buyer because the firm was committed to keeping on the studio's employees as a going concern.
New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman hailed the scrapping of non-disclosure agreements as "a watershed moment." Frank Franklin II / AP file
"While we had hoped to reach a sale out of court, the Board is pleased to have a plan for maximizing the value of its assets, preserving as many jobs as possible and pursuing justice for any victims," said Bob Weinstein, who co-founded the company with their brother Harvey in 2005 and remains chairperson of the board of directors.
Lantern co-founders Andy Mitchell and Milos Brajovic said they were committed to "following through on our promise to reposition the business as a pre-eminent content provider, while cultivating a positive presence in the industry."
Under bankruptcy protection, civil lawsuits filed by Weinstein's accusers will be halted and no new legal claims can be brought against the company. Secured creditors would get priority for payment over the women suing the company.
Related: Jill Messick's family blames Weinstein scandal for their suicide
Schneiderman's lawsuit will not be halted by the bankruptcy filing because it was filed by a law enforcement agency. Schneiderman said their investigation would continue and that their office would engage with the Weinstein Co. and Lantern to ensure "that victims are compensated, employees are protected moving forward, and perpetrators and enablers of abuse are not unjustly enriched."
Other bidders also could emerge during the bankruptcy process, particularly those interested in the company's lucrative 277-film library, which includes award-winning films from big-name directors like Quentin Tarantino and horror releases from its Dimension label. Free of liabilities, the company's assets could increase in value in a bankruptcy.
In more fallout over the scandal, New York's governor directed the state attorney general to review a decision by the Manhattan district attorney's office not to prosecute a 2015 case involving an Italian model who said Weinstein groped them
The bankruptcy process will bring the company's finances into public view, including the extent of its debt. The buyers who pulled out of the sale earlier this month said they discovered up to $64 million in undisclosed liabilities, including $27 million in residuals and profit participation. Those liabilities came on top of $225 million in debt, which the buyers had said they would be prepared to take on as part of a $500 million acquisition deal.
Related: Harvey Weinstein's assistant files lawsuit, alleges ‘sexually hostile' environment
The Weinstein Co. already had been struggling financially before the scandal erupted in October with a news story in The New York Times and The New Yorker. Harvey and Bob Weinstein started the company after leaving Miramax, the company they founded in 1979 and which became a powerhouse in '90s indie film with hits like "Pulp Fiction." After finding success with Oscar winners "The Artist" and "The King's Speech," the Weinstein Co.'s output and relevance diminished in recent years. The company let go 50 employees in 2016 and continuously shuffled release dates while short of cash.
Last year, the studio sold distribution rights for the movie "Paddington 2" to Warner Bros. for more than $30 million.
The toilets of Sheboygan, Wisconsin, are finally safe.
Sheboygan police arrested a 33-year-old man Monday on suspicion that he's the vandal who spent the past two years clogging a public toilet more than two dozen times. Repairing clog after clog has drained thousands in taxpayer funds from the city, which is perched on Lake Michigan north of Milwaukee. Police have not named the suspect.
The Memorial Day arrest came following a tip from a citizen, police said.
The villain's clogging tool was an unconventional one, according to police. They would take a 20-ounce soda bottle and jam it into a women's toilet at the Deland Community Center in the city. Once he'd lodged a bottle deep in the pipes, the vandal would run off — leaving behind a messy surprise for the city to clean up.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
In March, the city got desperate enough that police issued a plea for help on Facebook.
“This is very strange … and gross, but that is the reality of life,” the city's police department wrote at the time, begging for leads or tips.
Police said in March that surveillance cameras suggested a man was to blame. Commenters on Facebook said the city should have installed cameras years ago to catch the culprit and avoid paying to clean up after him.
As of March, the serial clogger had struck three times just this year, according to Joe Kerlin, the city's parks and forestry superintendent. But the clogger had been even busier in past years, Kerlin told the Sheboygan Press — blocking the same public women's toilet 14 times in 2017, and 12 the year before.
That substantial tally (29 cloggings — but who's counting?) only includes incidents since the city began keeping track, Kerlin told the newspaper. And it wasn't until halfway into 2016 it dawned on authorities that a serial clogger was on the loose. Kerlin estimated that the city has spent between $2,000 and $3,000 dealing with the clogger's reign of terror.
“A lot of times we can just fish 'em out,” Kerlin told the newspaper, describing the best case scenario. Especially obstinate bottles mean plumbers have to remove the entire toilet.
The case has been passed off to the Sheboygan County District Attorney's Office for charges to be filed, WBAY reports.
My beautiful fans, I am so so excited to finally share this news… My second album ‘The Thrill Of It All' is yours November 3rd!! You can pre-order now and find out about live shows at samsmithworld.com xx
A post shared by Sam Smith (@samsmithworld) on Oct 5, 2017 at 9:03pm PDT
JEDDAH: Prince Muqrin bin Abdulaziz on Tuesday reaffirmed Prince Muqrin University's support for the sons of martyrs who gave their lives to protect the southern border during the inauguration of the eponymous university headed by the prince, who is also president of the general assembly and the honorary board of Al-Bayan Charity Foundation for Education.
Twenty students have been granted full support by Prince Faisal bin Salman in gratitude for their fathers' sacrifice.
The university's aim at achieving distinction determines the admission percentage and the amount of subsidy by granting scholarships to three categories: Students who get over 90 percent in the General Secondary Certificate receive 50 percent subsidy; those with 85-90 percent are granted 40 percent subsidy; the 80-85 percent category is granted 30 percent subsidy.
Prince Muqrin said: “The university is a non-profit organization, which means that it is not a commercial enterprise. However, I want to clarify one important thing: That any organization will grow only through profits, which will be reflected in the facilities of such organization. This applies to the University of Prince Muqrin bin Abdulaziz, where we have facilities that must be in the best shape to raise the educational level. For example, we have laboratories under construction now, so it's necessary to gain a profit to spend on the university facilities, in addition to a number of supporters and sponsors.”
Prince Muqrin pointed out that the university was keen on selecting the best colleges, in certain disciplines, from 28 American and European universities.
These disciplines have been eminent and distinguished in those universities.
Moreover, expertise from abroad is combined with local expertise, becoming an integral part of the education sector in Saudi Arabia.
The inauguration was attended by Prince Faisal bin Salman, governor of Madinah, several other princes, a number of dignitaries from government and private agencies and supporters of the university.
Migrants in Texas, where military bases may house children taken from their parents who cross the border illegally. TNS
Just ten days after announcing its existence, the Bon Iver-backed Days Have No Numbers festival has been called off. The reasons for the cancellation are unknown. A message posted to the event's website, just two days after tickets for the even went on sale, was not specific. “This event has been canceled and full refunds are being issued automatically to all booked guests,” the site read. “Refunds will appear in 5-7 business days. We are very sorry for the inconvenience.” The event was a destination concert in Riviera Maya, Mexico, over the course of three days in January. The mini-fest was set to feature three Bon Iver shows, as well as a performance from Sylvan Esso, Spank Rock, Melt Banana, and more.
Recently, Bon Iver's Justin Vernon performed with Prince's band The Revolution, as well as folk legend John Prine.
The Toronto Maple Leafs and Detroit Red Wings took their “Original Six rivalry” to BMO Field for an entertaining Centennial Classic.
Sun glare delayed the start of the game, but aside from that, the game went on without weather becoming a factor for the Toronto Maple Leafs and Detroit Red Wings.
The first two periods were slow, with the lone goal coming from Anthony Mantha. In the third period, the floodgates opened with seven goals total. Leo Komarov began the scoring filled third as they stuffed in the puck past Jared Coreau. In a tie game, Matt Martin and Steve Ott dropped the gloves to give their respective side the momentum.
Matt Martin feeds Steve Ott a few fists. Old Time Hockey. #CentennialClassic pic.twitter.com/ZUomAZ2UZc — Jordie 🔵 (@BarstoolJordie) January 1, 2017
Safe to say that the Martin fight ignited Toronto's offense. Following the scrap, the buds reeled off three straight goals courtesy of Mitch Marner, Connor Brown, and Auston Matthews.
Toronto had a comfortable 4-1 lead, but Detroit did not go quietly. Jonathan Ericcson started the comeback by firing a slapshot past Frederik Andersen. Dylan Larkin made the ending interesting by cutting the LED to one with 1:46 left in the game.
After seeing a three-goal led cut to one, anxiety kicked in for Toronto fans. Then the dagger came from Mantha who scored at the horn in an albeit controversial fashion. Although the argument of goalie interference appeared valid, the referees decided, after further review, that Mantha's goal would stand.
The Kids Continue To Steal The Show
Aside from the Komarov goal, Toronto's youth provided the offense in the latter portion of the game.
Marner broke the 1-1 tie and brought the crowd to their feet. After picking up the loose puck, they slipped past Mantha and went top-shelf to beat Coreau. Then a few moments later, Brown took a pass from Zach Hyman and buried it to give Toronto a quick 3-1 lead.
Detroit managed to keep Matthews in check, but that changed in the middle of the third period. On a three on one, Brown set-up Matthews, who went upstairs to get their first goal of the game. That would not be all from Matthews. After Toronto blew a three-goal lead they jumped on the puck and backhanded it for the game-winner.
The youth on the team continues to flourish, learning from their mistakes and at the forefront of the offense. Take the start of the season when Toronto could not recover after blowing a lead. They could not keep dig their way out of these holes, but they kept their composure against Detroit. Resulting in Matthews bailing out the team and continuing their longest winning streak of the season.
Matthews On The Cusp of Elite Status
Back in November, Mike Babcock threw out the statement of Matthews becoming a dominant center by Christmas. Well, that holiday has come and gone, so has the 19-year-old entered that dominant center status?
In short answer form, yes and their performance at the Centennial Classic provides an example of their growth. Throughout the season, they have displayed flashes of having an elite two-way game. After putting their goal drought behind him, these last few weeks have given the indication that they have arrived.
Gotta love how pumped @brendanshanahan, @kyledubas, and the rest of the Leafs box were for Matthews' OT winner pic.twitter.com/q2z7Ea1rS5 — Jeff Veillette (@JeffVeillette) January 2, 2017
Against Detroit, they showed their elite scoring ability, giving them 20 goals in 36 games. Last season PA Parenteau led Toronto with 20 goals for an entire season, Matthews has eclipsed that. Furthermore, they leap over Patrik Laine for the rookie scoring lead with 32 points.
Also, with their two goals, they now sit in second place with Jeff Carter for the league lead in goals. If they continue at this pace, the projection will be over 40 goals, which will put them in elite company. In the history of the NHL, only five players (Wayne Gretzky, Dale Hawerchuk, Mario Lemieux, Eric Lindros, and Sylvain Turgeon) have scored 40 or more goals as a teenager.
If Matthews has not become an elite center, then they are close to it.
Playoffs? Don't Talk About Playoffs?!
Ah, the P word has become a thought. Riding a five-game winning streak had led to Toronto finding themselves in the thick of a playoff race. Yes, it might be early but still, should make for an interesting second half of the season.
With 41 points, they are three points behind the Boston Bruins for third place in the Atlantic Division. With nearly half the season in the books, the thought of the playoffs does not seem far fetched.
Now, will they make the playoffs?
Well being in a bad division helps because Ottawa and Boston are not world beaters. Also, Florida and Tampa Bay are facing their own respective troubles. Whether it be dysfunction or injuries Toronto can stave off both teams.
In short, yes they can make the playoffs.
More from Editor In Leaf
This article originally appeared on
A photographer is appealing for holiday stories for a new arts and heritage project in Morecambe.
Johnny Bean and wife Carol are looking for memories and stories of Morecambe for the project, ‘High Teas and Holidays.'
Working in partnership with the Exchange Creative Community in West Street, memories, postcards, holiday memorabilia, guest house salvage and ephemera will be used as inspiration for new artworks.
The project will explore Morecambe's heritage as a seaside holiday resort in the first half of the 20th century, paying homage to the hard-working seaside landlady and the role of the humble seaside postcard.
To begin the project the artists will be researching the history of local guest houses, particularly in the West End.
To find out more about the project you can meet Carol, Johnny and members of the Exchange for an informal chat at The Exchange on Wednesday February 7 from 1-4pm or at Morecambe Central library on Saturday February 10 from 11-2pm.
You can also engage with the project by emailing highteas@beanphoto.co.uk. Picture shows from left, Diana Heyes, Irena Vettese, Claire and Morgane Cozler, Emma Thornton, Kay Dickinson, Angela Palmer, Jane Upton, Kathryn MacDonald and Paul Kondras.
MANILA, Philippines — Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte asked Congress on Monday to extend the martial law they declared in the country's south by one year to ensure the “total eradication” of pro-Islamic State group extremists, warning they plan more uprisings after an unsuccessful but disastrous siege of Marawi city.
Duterte said the remaining militants still hope to establish a caliphate in the Philippines and Southeast Asia after government forces killed more than 900 fighters and quelled the five-month Marawi siege in October.
Left-wing and pro-democracy groups have protested Duterte's imposition of martial law because of human rights concerns, but the Supreme Court has upheld its legality.
In a letter to the Senate and the House of Representatives, Duterte said extending martial law in the southern Mindanao region through the end of 2018 would allow government forces to press offensives against other armed groups, including the Abu Sayyaf and communist guerrillas, who have intensified attacks.
Despite the killing of Isnilon Hapilon, long wanted by the United States and the Philippines, and other leaders of the Marawi attack, “the remnants of their groups have continued to rebuild their organization through the recruitment and training of new members and fighters to carry on the rebellion,” Duterte said in their letter, which was provided to reporters.
Rep. Edcel Lagman said Congress should reject Duterte's request because there was no more constitutionally outlined ground for martial law after the president declared Marawi has been freed from terrorist influence. Congress, which is dominated by Duterte's allies, approved Duterte's martial law declaration this year. The Senate and House will meet jointly on Wednesday to decide.
Duterte's request for a martial law extension amounts to a “patent violation of the safeguards which the 1987 constitution imposes for the limited grounds and duration of martial law and its extension,” Lagman said.
The Marawi violence displaced about half a million people and turned mosque-studded Marawi's central business and residential districts into a smouldering war zone.
The uprising that began on May 23 prompted Duterte to declare martial law and reinforced fears that the Islamic State group was taking steps to gain a foothold in Asia and elsewhere as it faced battle setbacks in Syria and Iraq.
Some gunmen and commanders managed to escape during the fighting, the military said.
One of the militants who might replace Hapilon, Esmail Abdulmalik, who uses the nom de guerre Abu Turaife, has been monitored to be planning bombings in the south, Duterte said. An IS-linked faction in another militant band, the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Group, has intensified roadside bombings and attacks on troops.
Communist New People's Army guerrillas, meanwhile, have taken advantage of the military's preoccupation with Muslim extremists and increased their attacks on troops and businesses in the south, killing 41 government security personnel and destroying at least 2.2 billion pesos ($43 million) in property, Duterte said.
The threats continue to make the south a “hotbed of rebellion,” they said.
Duterte has called off peace talks with the Maoist rebels to protest their attacks and moved to designate them as terrorists under the law.
They have indicated, however, that they are still open to a resumption of talks if the communist insurgents stop their assaults. “Let's give time for a cooling off with the Communist Party of the Philippines,” Duterte said in a speech last week.
MUMBAI: Smartphone component maker Wistron Corp, which counts Apple Inc. among its customers, has applied for permission to expand its plant in the Indian city of Bengaluru, a high-ranking regional government official said on Monday.
The Taiwanese contract manufacturer has also requested that its application be fast-tracked, the official at the state government of Karnataka in southern India told Reuters.
The move comes less than two weeks after the Wall Street Journal reported that Apple was in talks with India's federal government about the possibility of assembling products in one of the world's biggest smartphone markets, where the US tech firm controls less than 2 percent.
Apple setting up production in India would be a significant win for the government which has embarked on a major campaign to attract global manufacturers under the slogan “Make in India.”
“Wistron has approached us to expedite certain clearances with regards to the augmentation and expansion of its existing unit,” said the official, who was not authorized to speak publicly on the matter and so declined to be identified.
Whether Apple will begin manufacturing in India is unknown, but Wistron's desire to expand “pretty quickly” could represent “several steps in that direction,” the official said.
Apple did not immediately respond to an e-mail seeking comment. Wistron could not be reached for comment.
Analysts have said local manufacturing could come as part of a wider strategy for Apple to expand in India and even lower prices after Chief Executive Tim Cook visited the country in May and met Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
“Certainly that (local manufacturing) will help in some level of cost optimization,” said Gartner research director Anshul Gupta. “Because looking at the current tax structure, local facilities do provide some kind of cost advantage.”
Another of Apple's Taiwanese suppliers, Hon Hai Precision Industry Co. Ltd. — commonly known as Foxconn — also has a manufacturing facility in southern India.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Image copyright PA
The Scottish National Party has been accused of "pathetic theatrics" by a Tory MP for forcing five votes during England's World Cup tie with Colombia.
Douglas Ross, a football ref as well as MP for Moray, also suggested SNP MPs had been deliberately slow in voting.
One minister urged SNP MP Ian Blackford to "think of the people who work here".
But they said ministers were responsible for the timetable and the votes represented the SNP's chance to "speak out against the continued austerity".
Skip Twitter post by @Douglas4Moray We saw games again from the @theSNP tonight. I don't mind how often we vote but it took longer for 33 of their MPs to vote than it did for more than 300 on the other side with House Staff sent to investigate the problem. Feel for staff forced to stay on to deal with these antics. pic.twitter.com/zJUbdvxrSj — Douglas Ross MP (@Douglas4Moray) July 3, 2018 Report
Votes on motions linked to public spending could take place only from 19:00 BST, which was the kick-off time for England's last 16 match at the World Cup.
Five votes occurred, including one regarding devolution, and took approximately 66 minutes. The Commons finally adjourned for the evening at 20:18 BST. Harry Kane scored the goal that put England ahead at 20:19 BST.
For those who missed the football, the match ended in a draw, with England eventually winning a penalty shootout.
For those who missed the action in the Commons, the government won all five votes, with the number of MPs voting in favour falling steadily from 312 to 175 as the England game progressed.
Four Plaid Cymru MPs, 28 SNP MPs and Liberal Democrat Wera Hobhouse were among the 33 voting against. Labour MPs did not vote.
Skip Twitter post by @KirstySNP To be clear, the estimates is the breakdown of UK Government spending by department. It's our only chance to vote on UK Government spending. It's not really obscure. https://t.co/dPYPuz5Gfc — Kirsty Blackman (@KirstySNP) July 3, 2018 Report
Skip Twitter post by @DavidLinden THREAD // Lots of chat in recent weeks about the SNP's use of procedure and tactics in the @HouseofCommons. Fact is that we are playing by the very same rules that have been used against us by the British Government for so, so long. — David Linden MP (@DavidLinden) July 3, 2018 Report
Conservative Sir Bernard Jenkin raised a point of order, asking: "Do you suppose that the Scottish National Party would be calling so many divisions this evening if it were Scotland playing an important football match this evening?"
Deputy Speaker Dame Eleanor Laing replied: "I appreciate the point of order, which, although it relates to the division [vote], is not of course a point of order.
"I just have a fervent hope that one day Scotland will be playing an important football match."
Here we are with another week underway and another duo of an app and a game being discounted on the Play Store. This week's titles are Aqualert Premium and Whispering Willows.
The most interesting of the two is the game, Whispering Willows. It's a hand-drawn 2D adventure game originally funded on Kickstarter. You play as Elena who's on a journey in the Willows Mansion to find their missing father and who does so by solving puzzles using their astral projection.
As for Aqualert, it is a water drinking tracker and reminder app that makes it easy to enter how much water you drank and see how many more cups you need to reach your daily goal. It works on Android Wear as well, sending you reminders and letting you log your water consumption on the go.
Aqualert Premium usually costs $2.99 and Whispering Willows is $4.99. Both are now available for EUR 0.10 in France, Italy, Spain, Germany, The Netherlands, GBP 0.10 in the UK, AUD 0.20 in Australia, PLN 0.50 in Poland, MXN 1.00 in Mexico, RON 0.70 in Romania, BRL 0.40 in Brazil (Whispering Willows only), and probably some other countries as well. The price drop is not there for Canada or the US.
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. (WFLA) – Police in St. Petersburg have made an arrest in a deadly shooting that happened over the weekend.
On Saturday, police were called to the shooting on 49th Street South around 2:30 a.m., and found 37-year-old George Hall with gunshot wounds to their upper body.
Hall was taken to Bayfront Health St. Petersburg Hospital where they were later pronounced dead.
On Monday, Jermaine Bradford was arrested after an interview with detectives.  They are facing a second-degree murder charge in Hall's death.
Police say Bradford is currently on federal probation for drug possession.
STORIES THAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON
>> MORE TOP STORIES
Asset declaration: Saraki knows fate today
The Code of Conduct Tribunal in Abuja will today, Wednesday, give its verdict on the no-case submission filed by the Senate President, Bukola Saraki, to challenge their ongoing trial on the amended 18 charges of false declaration and other related offences. Recall that the Danladi Umar-led two-man panel of the CCT had reserved its ruling […]
Asset declaration: Saraki knows fate today
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Haley to UN General Assembly: U.S. does not fear isolation
The United States voted against a UN resolution condemning America's economic embargo against Cuba on Wednesday. The embargo resolution was overwhelmingly approved in the 193-member General Assembly by a vote of 191-2, with Israel joining the U.S. UN Ambassador Nikki Haley said the American people had chosen a new president and the United States would vote against any resolution calling for the lifting of the embargo "as long as the proceeds from trade with Cuba go to prop up the dictatorial regime responsible for denying those (human) rights."
A newborn baby girl who was thrown into thorny bushes and left for dead by their parents in India miraculously survived after a passerby heard them cries.
The infant was found naked, bloodied and covered in dirt in the prickly bushes in the Indian city of Una, heartbreaking photos show.
After the baby — with several thorns puncturing their skin — let out wailing cries, a passerby walked over and found them lying on the ground, The Mirror reported.
The Good Samaritan alerted rescuers who rushed the baby to a hospital where doctors said they would have died if they hadn't been found, according to the news outlet.
Doctors said the child is recovering and is in stable condition.
Police are trying to track down the parents who they believe dumped their daughter intentionally, The Mirror reported.
According to the news outlet, baby girls are considered to be a “curse” and a “financial burden” in poor areas of India.
1:17
White House: Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
4:30
They have a new face, one that had belonged to another man
7:23
FILE - In this Sunday, Aug. 12, 2012 file photo, British band 'The Spice Girls' perform during the Closing Ceremony at the 2012 Summer Olympics, in London. All five former members of the Spice Girls have met up amid rumors of a plan to reunite the girl-power group.Photos posted by several group members on social media showed Victoria "Posh Spice" Beckham, Melanie "Sporty Spice" Chisholm, Emma "Baby Spice" Bunton, Melanie "Scary Spice" Brown and Geri "Ginger Spice" Horner. They had been seen earlier Friday, Feb. 2, 2018 arriving at Horner's home north of London, along with former manager Simon Fuller. Matt Dunham, file AP Photo
NEW YORK — Joey “Jaws” Chestnut extended their reign as champion eater at the Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest Wednesday, downing a record 74 wieners and buns in 10 minutes to take home the coveted Mustard Belt for an 11th time.
Miki Sudo held onto their title as the top woman's competitor at the annual Brooklyn eat-off, chomping 37 franks and buns to take home the top prize for an unprecedented fifth consecutive year.
“I found a vicious rhythm,” the 34-year-old Chestnut said after the stuffing session. “I was feeling good today.”
But while Chestnut ate 10 more dogs and buns than second-place finisher Carmen Cincotti, a judging error cast initial doubt over their totals after jurists didn't see the eaters were taking the dogs and buns from two plates.
Eric Gonzalez, the Brooklyn district attorney, certified the final tally and Chestnut's record of 74.
“At the end of the day, Joey Chestnut came in here and ate 74 hot dogs, broke a world record,” said Cincotti, who celebrated their 26th birthday on Wednesday. “Apparently they were good dogs.”
Sudo fell short of the 41 hot dogs they consumed last year, but easily beat out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
Thousands of attendees, many donning mustard-colored hot dog caps, braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk. The outlandish tradition dates to 1972, though the company has long promoted what a former president acknowledged was a legendary start date of 1916.
Fan Martha Pleasant, 41, of Franklin, New Jersey, said they were attending the competitive eating competition to support their husband Dwight, who “loves wieners.”
“We are trying to knock something off my hubby's bucket list,” they said.
While many of us are in constant touch electronically with friends and family, the old tradition of sending (and receiving) Christmas cards to far-flung places is one that we still hold dear.
But a physical letter's journey is still subject to the delays caused by the huge distances between here and our far-away relatives and acquaintances.
So, it's best to get your cards and presents in the post good and early, to avoid disappointment.
And Royal Mail has published its recommended latest Christmas posting dates for air mail.
Post to the Middle East and Africa should be dispatched by Saturday, December 2, while cards or gifts to Australia or New Zealand should be mailed by Saturday, December 9.
The last recommended posting date for the United States and Canada is December 14, while cards and presents to Denmark, Norway, Slovakia and Switzerland can be posted up to Friday, December 15.
Closest to home, letters and parcels going to the The Republic of Ireland and France have a final sending date of Saturday, December 16 if they're to arrive in time for Christmas.
These last posting dates apply to both standard international services and those which have tracking and signature.
'Wrinkle in Time' and 'Black Mirror' star Gugu Mbatha-Raw's epic rise On the dreariest, drizzliest of winter days, Gugu Mbatha-Raw — bundled in a cozy ochre sweater and practical wellies — ducks into a Cobble Hill cafe. As they sit down,...
Director Jodie Foster toys with all-too-real fears on 'Black Mirror' First-time Emmy winners (be they actors or TV shows) aren't necessarily guaranteed a long shelf life. I note this in regard to “Black Mirror,” the (just slightly) futuristic “Twilight Zone”-ian...
People 'cheated' on their partners with these Netflix shows Netflix is notoriously tight-lipped about its viewership numbers, but the streaming giant has recently released some juicy information about the way people watch its shows. In its roundup of 2017's...
'Black Mirror' cast talks scary realities of technology After being dubbed the "Twilight Zone" of the digital age, it's no surprise that even the "Black Mirror" cast finds technology frightening.
Megan Hilty ready to 'butt heads' on Bravo's 'Divorce' Girlfriends' Guide to Divorce Tuesday, 10 p.m., Bravo This week Abby McCarthy (Lisa Edelstein) and their estranged husband, Jake Novak (Paul Adelstein, who also wrote the episode), decide to finally...
'The Americans,' 'Jane the Virgin' among Peabody Award winners FX's darkly comic “Fargo” and The CW's whimsical soap opera “Jane the Virgin” are among the TV series being honored with a prestigious Peabody Award this year. Both programs feature...
Families all over NZ are busy collecting seafood to fill their tables and feed their families over the festive season. This year, the Maritime Police have a few words of encouragement and safety reminders for the divers out there.
2017 is on the horizon, this is a time where families from all over the country go out to collect seafood.
Stuart James Main Senior Launch master – Wellington Police says, “Prior to Xmas there's obviously quite a bit of activity on the water with people either shore diving or diving from boats and there's obviously quite a bit of pressure for people to get out because there's only one 25th of December.
Stuart James Main says that's because there are so many people spreading the water safety message, people's attitudes are changing.
Stuart says, “I think people are generally getting better. If we want the seafood there for our next generations then we've all got to follow some general rules and it will be there for the next generation but if we all; just take undersized and way to many then we all suffer the consequences of that.”
According to the Maritime Police Unit, they want to continue keeping people informed about the safety aspect of diving too so that people don't forget during this time of year.
Stuart says, “When you follow all the safety rules you normally have a good day and that's what the police want to support is people having a good day so yeah that's probably the message that I want to give.”
So on that note, be careful out there while collecting seafood for your table this new year.
Tiger Woods' comeback really begins now LA JOLLA, Calif. — What drama awaits Tiger Woods this time around at Torrey Pines? So much has happened over the years to Woods at the scenic 36-hole mecca that...
When golf champ knew their wife's drinking was out of control For pro golfer Billy Horschel, no victory is greater than wife Brittany's sobriety. The couple recounted Brittany's struggle with alcoholism during an appearance Wednesday on “Good Morning America,” revealing how...
Golfer's wife shares pain behind emotional win: I'm an alcoholic Billy Horschel let their wife do the talking after their show of emotion during Sunday's PGA Tour victory, their first in three years. Them explanation on Monday afternoon, which they decided to...
Are golf's biggest stars disrespecting Arnold Palmer's legacy? The week is designed to be a celebration of Arnold Palmer, one of the most iconic figures in all sports — not just the one they played and helped...
Ex-US Open champ can't stop thinking about their biggest win There is not a day that goes by in Lucas Glover's life that they do not reminisce about their 2009 US Open victory at Bethpage Black. Literally not one day....
This business person is spending millions to build a better golf club When Zach Johnson put the finishing touches on their British Open victory a year ago at St. Andrews, they did so with the same equipment they used while winning the...
Get the Better newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
As a registered dietitian nutritionist, I spend a lot of time thinking about kitchen organization. After all, the average American is in the kitchen for 37 minutes a day, prepping food and cleaning up, per data from the United States Department of Agriculture. And then there's the time you spend eating.
Although I love to shop for pretty kitchen tools and gadgets, the real fun is in making easy organizational tweaks to promote healthy eating and maximize weight-loss efforts. Here are a few of my favorite tips for doing so. The best part? They're all super easy to implement!
Have a set of measuring cups and spoons. Using measuring tools helps you get a handle on what a portion looks like so you won't overeat. If my clients don't own these tools, I send them to the store after our first meeting to buy them! One set works — but if you're like me, you may find multiple sets useful. I like to keep tablespoons in containers of nuts and seeds to make healthy snacking a no-brainer.
Place fruit on the counter. Display those apples, pears, oranges and bananas on the countertop. You can use a pretty fruit bowl, or you can repurpose a pie plate (that's what I do!). People who keep fruit on the countertop are more likely to have a lower BMI, a measure of body fat based on height and weight, according to a study published in Health Education and Behavior. When you want a snack, you'll be more likely to reach for the fruit because it's visible.
Hide the sugary stuff. Love chocolate? Can't stop yourself when the jelly beans are in plain sight? People who kept candy on their desk ate almost three times more candy than volunteers who hid candy containers in their desks — and close to six times more than people who had to walk a short distance to get to the candy — according to a study published in the journal Appetite. Use this strategy in your kitchen: Hide candy in the back of the pantry or freezer. Better yet, remove the treats from the house completely. If you want a cookie, go to the bakery and buy one so you're not tempted to eat an entire package!
Rearrange your pantry. Make healthy food easier to get to by placing it in the front of a cabinet. In the Health Education and Behavior study, normal-weight people were more likely to store snack foods out of sight in a cupboard or a drawer and to place healthier foods in more visible places. Women who had soda and breakfast cereal on the countertop weighed more, as did men with candy visible on the counter.
Have an emergency stash. One of the first things I advise new clients is shopping for a supply of healthy food. Fresh fruits, veggies and proteins are fantastic to have on hand. But if you're a few days late with this week's grocery run or you're just getting back from vacation, you'll want to dip into your emergency supply for a healthy meal. Store frozen veggies and fruit in the freezer and brown rice, quinoa, canned beans, nuts and seeds in the pantry.
Confine food to the kitchen. Don't hide food throughout the house! This means saying good riddance to that candy bowl in the family room and the cookie stash in your home office. Obese participants were more likely to have food stored in rooms beyond the kitchen, according to a study in the International Journal of Obesity.
Bring sound into your kitchen. Whether you have a radio, speakers for your iPhone, or another way to listen to music, play soft tunes while you cook and eat. This may help you feel relaxed and encourage you to eat less, found a study by Cornell University researchers.
Want more tips like these? NBC News BETTER is obsessed with finding easier, healthier and smarter ways to live. Sign up for our newsletter and follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Nine local real estate agents have made the Real Estate Professionals (REP) Top 100 list of small market agents in Canada – Peggy Hill of Barrie and Stuart Clelland of Innisfil ranking number 1 and 2 respectively (based on number of transactions completed, rather than overall sales volume). REP says, “Buying a home has never been a more intense experience, and Canada's realtors took it upon themselves…to help their clients make sound decisions.” Said Hill, “We have to make sure that we are continuously improving, constantly learning and evolving with the market.” The local agents who made the list are:
from Barrie:
Peggy Hill and Linda Knight, Keller Williams Experience Realty
Chris Messecar, Exit Realty First North
Joel Faris, Thomas Faris and Sheila Croney, Royal LePage First Contact Realty The Faris Team
Dave Treitz, Century 21 BJ Roth Realty
from Innisfil:
Stuart Clelland, Sutton Group Incentive Reality
From Wasaga Beach:
Mark Ruttan, Re/Max of Wasaga Beach, Mark Ruttan and The People Team
Click here for more on this story.
A sea search for the missing CEO of surfwear brand Quiksilver was called off late Wednesday.
Pierre Agnes, 54, vanished in cold, choppy waters off southwest France.
The father of three hasn't been seen since going on a regular morning fishing expedition.
Pierre Agnes. TESTEMALE / QUIKSILVER / HANDOUT / EPA
Authorities were alerted early Tuesday when their empty boat Mascaret III washed ashore on an Atlantic beach at Hossegor, near their hometown of Capbreton, which is about 20 miles north of Biarritz.
The search was suspended at 2:35 p.m. local time (8:35 a.m. ET) Wednesday — well beyond the theoretical survival time for someone in the water. Two Jet Skis and a coast guard vessel involved in the hunt returned to port.
Local police will instead patrol the coastline.
Lt. Col. Christophe Triollet said teams were looking for “clues which could have washed up along the beaches.”
They added: “Other than that, we also continue our investigation to try to understand … the circumstances of their disappearance ... and to reconstruct the timeline and the facts to better understand the situation."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Missing surfwear CEO's empty boat found on French beach 1:00 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Agnes served as the head of Quiksilver's France-based European headquarters before taking charge of the entire company in 2015.
The brand was founded in Australia but is now part of Boardriders, a California-based apparel group.
On Tuesday, the company said "the entire surfing world” was “devastated” by Agnes' disappearance.
Security desk: Left Tries To Spin bin Laden Documents
With the release this month of 470,000 documents, images and computer files captured during the raid that killed Osama bin Laden, “the fact that the Obama administration politicized this intelligence became indisputable and the brazenness of its effort clear,” charges Stephen Hayes at The Weekly Standard. Which is why “those responsible are understandably nervous, and they're lashing out.” People like former National Security Council official Ned Price, now with NBC News, who “was at the center of the Obama administration's efforts to mislead the American people about the continuing threat from al Qaeda . . . and about the rogue states whose support allowed it to regain its strength and expand.” Price says the documents “don't tell us anything new” — a claim Hayes dismisses as “absurd.”
From the right: We Really Need Mitt Romney Now
The Daily Beast's Matt Lewis “was never much of a Mitt Romney fan,” finding them “too perfect. Too rich, Too handsome. Too moderate.” When they were nominated for president in 2012, Lewis and like-minded Republicans “held our noses.” Well, Lewis now admits, “I was wrong. I'm sorry for all the criticism aimed at Mitt Romney.” Not only was they “pretty prescient about a lot of things” — especially Russia — but he's “a decent, honorable person” and “that's about all you can ask for these days.” In searching for a flashier candidate, “we kicked them to the curb.” So now, as Romney looks increasingly like he'll run for the Senate from Utah, “I find the prospect utterly exciting.”
Foreign desk: Saudi Moves Are the Real Arab Spring
By all accounts, Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman seems to be “the Arab leader we have been waiting for,” suggests Zev Chafets at Bloomberg: They “looks like a storybook Arabian prince and talks like a progressive,” most importantly promising “to transform Saudi Islam into a more tolerant brand . . . that does not fund extremist mosques” or “underwrite jihadists.” Yet apart from President Trump, “there doesn't seem to be much enthusiasm” for them in world capitals. Still, if MbS “survives Iranian hitmen, the wrath of their cousins and the fiery opposition of jihadist clerics” to mount the throne and implement their reforms, it would be “an exciting prospect.” Provided they avoid a “half-baked” military confrontation with Tehran, they could be the harbinger of the real Arab Spring.
Culture critic: Abolish the TSA!
The Transportation Security Administration “continues to be really bad at its job” — which The Week's Matthew Walther finds “not exactly astonishing.” NBC discovered that TSA agents missed 80 percent of guns, knives, bombs and other contraband smuggled into “secure” areas during tests. Which is about what you'd expect, they say, from “this staggeringly incompetent body to which we have surrendered our freedom of movement and our dignity.” Post-9/11, they say, it was understandable that “the American people were eager to see something — anything — done.” But the TSA is “not going to get better at whatever it is they are supposed to be doing.” Their solution: “Eliminate the TSA, preferably at the speed at which it was created, which would mean that it disappears next year around Epiphany.”
Conservative: CCNY Prexy Fight Is Old Guard's Last Roar
Vincent Boudreau was on track for the presidency of City College, which he's held on an interim basis for over a year, notes Naomi Schaefer Riley at City Journal. A 26-year faculty member, he's “well-liked by their colleagues” and was backed by Colin Powell. But “20 former politicians,” including former Rep. Charles Rangel and ex-Gov. David Paterson, “decided that appointing Boudreau was unacceptable,” claiming a lack of “community engagement” — and CCNY backed off. This could be “their coded way of suggesting that the next president should be a racial minority. (Boudreau is white, and those leading the effort against [him] are black.)” But it's also a case of “the sputtering Harlem political machine” trying “to flex its muscle again” — a “last gasp of former politicians who don't deserve a say in City College's leadership.”
— Compiled by Eric Fettmann
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
It's been quite the year. Before we (eagerly) usher in 2017, we're slowing things down so you can catch up on all of the exciting vCloud Air updates that happened this year in one place. Let's take a look back on some of our favorite announcements, technical overviews and updates from 2016.
Build 1,000 VMs on vCloud Air in as Little as 16 Minutes!
How many VMs can you build in 16 minutes? The answer will surprise you. Prashant Suri, Scale & Performance Engineer, demonstrates the impressive muscle power of vCloud Air.
The Role of vCloud Air in VMware's Cloud Strategy
This year, VMware shared the focused strategy for vCloud Air around three key use cases: data center extension, data center replacement, and disaster recovery.
Read the entire article here, vCloud Air: 2016 Year in Review
via the fine folks at VMware!
Get the Mach newsletter.
Advances in physics over the past 30 years have led some physicists and cosmologists to the mind-boggling conclusion that the universe we inhabit is just one of many in existence — perhaps an infinite number.
If these scientists are right, then all the stars and galaxies we see in the night sky are but a tiny fraction of an incomprehensibly vast assemblage that scientists call the multiverse. As MIT physicist Max Tegmark wrote in their 2014 book "Our Mathematical Universe," “Our entire universe may be just one element — one atom, as it were — in an infinite ensemble; a cosmic archipelago.”
A multiverse — sometimes called an omniverse — would mean more than just lots of extra real estate. If it exists, Tegmark continued, it includes “parallel universes where you never get a parking ticket, where you won a million-dollar lottery, where you have a different name, where Germany won World War II, where dinosaurs still roam Earth, and where Earth never formed in the first place.”
Three arguments for the multiverse
While the idea of a multiverse sounds like something straight out of science fiction, physicists have advanced three distinct arguments for its existence.
The first involves the Big Bang, the cataclysmic event that brought the universe into existence some 13.8 billion years ago. The Big Bang is thought to have been triggered by a random fluctuation in what physicists call the quantum foam, a maelstrom of virtual particles that pop into and out of existence. But while some physicists believe this blip and the ensuing “inflation” of the universe constitute a unique event, others say there could have been many such events — leading to multiple universes.
The second argument for the existence of a multiverse arises from string theory, which holds that matter is ultimately composed not of particles but of unimaginably small, vibrating strings or loops of energy. Physicists once hoped that string theory might afford a “theory of everything” — that is, a system of equations that explains why our universe has the exact properties that it does. For example, why is the mass of a proton 1836.15 times greater than that of the electron? No one has a good explanation.
But instead of a single solution to this and other fundamental scientific questions, string theory's equations seem to have a staggering number of possible solutions (perhaps as many as 10^500 — that's a one followed by 500 zeros). Some string theorists argue that each of these solutions describes a different universe, each with its own physical properties.
The third argument for the multiverse comes from quantum theory. Although it's been around for more than a century now and has proven to be extremely successful at describing the nature of matter on the smallest scale, quantum theory leads to a number of existential possibilities that defy common sense. In what's known as the “many worlds” interpretation of quantum theory, which got its start in the 1950s and has recently seen renewed interest, the universe essentially splits in two each time there's a so-called quantum event.
In the upside-down world of quantum theory, for instance, a radioactive particle decays and doesn't decay during any given period of time — and each result plays out in a separate universe. With such quantum events happening more or less continuously, the argument goes, the number of universes keeps increasing.
But is it science?
Tegmark is one of several prominent scientists who support the idea of a multiverse, along with Sean Carroll of Caltech, Leonard Susskind of Stanford, and Britain's astronomer royal, Sir Martin Rees. But other celebrated scientists, including Nobel Laureate David Gross of the University of California, Santa Barbara, are dubious.
Some doubters say multiverse theories aren't really science at all. Science is a system based on observation and experimentation, and it's not clear that we'll ever be able to observe another universe or determine whether other universes really exist.
“I do not believe the existence of those other universes has been proved — or ever could be,” George Ellis, a physicist at the University of Cape Town, wrote in Scientific American in 2011.
Sabine Hossenfelder, a physicist at the Frankfurt Institute for Advanced Studies in Germany, is even more blunt, calling efforts to describe the multiverse a waste of time. “Science can't say anything about whether or not [these universes] exist,” they told NBC News MACH in an email, adding that the scientific ideas put forth to support a multiverse “stem from the same flawed argument, which is an over-reliance on mathematics.”
FOLLOW NBC NEWS MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ellesmere Port and Neston MP Justin Madders has confirmed that community hero Billy Birch passed away yesterday (Sunday, December 10).
The 76-year-old, who was extremely well known in Ellesmere Port for their steadfast fundraising for good causes in the area, had been in intensive care at the Countess of Chester Hospital for more than a week suffering from multiple organ failure.
Only days ago their family said they had been showing some signs of progress but Mr Madders wrote on Facebook this morning that Billy lost their fight last night, surrounded by their family.
They wrote: "Very sad to hear Billy Birch passed away last night. They were in the Countess and surrounded by their family. They will be remembered by the people of Ellesmere Port for their tireless fundraising activities and for their sense of humour.
"He raised over £113,000 for local good causes and was about to be recognised for their efforts with a national honour but sadly this news came in too late for them to be told. RIP Billy."
Over the years Billy raised more than £113,841 for local charities in the community in memory of their beloved wife Sylvia who died in their arms aged 49 in 1991.
The same year Billy, working for a building firm, was crushed between a skip and a dumper truck. They were in a coma for three weeks and when they woke up decided they would give something back to the people who helped him.
They told our sister paper the ECHO: “I was a mess. I stayed at the Countess of Chester Hospital. All the arteries in my body had burst and I had a punctured spine.
“The doctors only gave me a one in 100 chance of survival and I had machines everywhere to keep me alive. It was after that I decided to start raising money. I first raised £1,000 for equipment at the Countess of Chester.”
Billy, a keen Everton supporter whose brother Kenny was a right back for the Blues in the 1950s, was even once invited to Goodison to meet the Everton team as thanks for their fundraising.
An Everton spokesperson said at the time: “Billy has raised an incredible amount of money for countless good causes. For the last 20 years they have been going the extra mile to improve the lives of others and their community spirit is an inspiration.”
Soulful London Songstress Sharlene-Monique Releases Them Debut EP ‘Destiny'
Them debut EP ‘Destiny' (released April 13th, 2018) combines emotive, soulful-tinged vocals with inspiring songs of empowerment, love, and self-acceptance. Them soothing vocal tones have been compared to the likes of Lianne La Havas & Tweet.
Sharlene-Monique is an award-winning singer-songwriter, who began singing in church aged 4. Them debut single ‘YOU' has been streamed over 135,000 times on Spotify, with 12,000 monthly listeners and won Best Solo, Best Inspirational and Music Video Of The Year at the Jump Music Video Awards 2017.
A Media Performance graduate, Identity Drama School attendee and founder of award nominated empowerment blog Be Uniquely You (http://beuniquelyyou.co.uk), Sharlene-Monique is now successfully tackling a new creative challenge; sharing their personal message of self-acceptance, self-love and self-empowerment to all who will lend their ear to their first release/debut single.
The multi-skilled musician hails from a past of singing dancing and teaching across the UK and Europe and has successfully earned their stripes in the lead up to a timely decision to begin practicing what they had so confidently shared to others for a number of years.
Speaking of their debut EP ‘Destiny', Sharlene-Monique says, “It feels amazing to finally release my songs. I've had messages from people all over the world who heard ‘You' and have asked for more music. I feel proud and passionate about every song and I hope people can connect to them.”
Destiny is a combination of self-penned songs written by Sharlene and collaborations with the likes of Jake Isaac and their husband (and producer) Chris Morris (chrismorrismusic.com). All songs have been mixed by Grammy award winning mix engineer Alan Branch.
‘Destiny' is now available for download via iTunes, Amazon, and Spotify.
DOWNLOAD via iTunes
STREAM via Spotify
The post Soulful London Songstress Sharlene-Monique Releases Them Debut EP ‘Destiny' appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
As they were being walked out of the 48th Precinct in handcuffs Wednesday, accused killer Abel Cedeno said they had been bullied before allegedly going on a deadly stabbing spree at Urban Assembly School for Wildlife Conservation in the Bronx.
Cedeno mouthed “Yes” when a reporter shouted a question at them about their treatment just before they were loaded into an unmarked police car, headed for their arraignment.
The suspect — with dark black hair and red highlights — was wearing a pink T-shirt, blue jeans and a gray zip-up hoodie.
Image copyright Yorkshire Ambulance Service NHS Trust Image caption The ambulance was left out of service while repairs were carried out
An ambulance crew had their personal belongings stolen while they were responding to an emergency in Leeds.
The Yorkshire ambulance crew were treating a patient in St Luke's Green, in Beeston, at about 01:00 GMT on 28 January when the theft took place.
Thieves smashed a window, ripped out the centre console of the vehicle and made off with a number of items.
Divisional Commander John McSorley said they were "saddened and disappointed by this act of vandalism".
They said the damage to the ambulance also left it out of service while repairs were carried out.
West Yorkshire Police is appealing for anyone with information to contact them.
Brian Flynn injured after falling through barn roof
The start of Brian Flynn's season will be delayed due to an unfortunate accident at their home.
Royals pitchers and catchers had their first workout ahead of the 2017 season on Tuesday. Not among them was Flynn. Prior to heading to Arizona for spring training, Flynn was doing some work on the roof of the barn at their home when it gave way, sending the 26-year-old crashing through.
As a result, manager Ned Yost said Flynn could be out of action for up to eight weeks.
“He was working on their barn and fell through the roof,” Yost said, via The Kansas City Star. “So they took a pretty good tumble, knocked themselves out. So he's going to be about eight weeks behind everybody else.”
According to The Star, Flynn suffered a broken rib and three non-displaced fractures in their vertebrae. Flynn is entering their fourth season after spending the first two with the Marlins and last year with the Royals. They appeared in 36 games in 2016, making one start, and pitched to a 2.60 ERA over 55.1 innings.
Baseball has become known for its players sustaining injuries in the most unusual ways. Last year, a member of the Dodgers hurt their finger ordering room service and a Blue Jay had a mishap due to staying in a sauna for too long.
America's Small Business Development Center at Midwestern State University and the Bowie Chamber of Commerce are helping small businesses grow their presence online with a “Let's put Bowie on the Map Workshop” on Feb. 20 in the Wellington State Bank meeting room, 1301 State Highway 59 North.
The workshop doors open at 8:30 a.m. serving coffee and donuts, with the workshop running from 9 to 10 a.m.
It will feature a lesson on getting your business online and brings together community members, business owners and civic leaders together to help small businesses succeed on the web.
There are new tools for business owners to enhance their Google listing, so even if you have a verified location there is more to learn. Make sure your business shows up online – for free.
Things you will need to include: Be a business owner in Bowie; have a Google account already set up; bring one of the following original documents for your business: Utility bill, tax letter, business registration certified. These documents need to have the business name, address and category of business.
Those attending may RSVP at: bit.ly/GYBOBOWIE.
Image copyright Pablo Cuellar Image caption Riverside communities are at risk of flooding after a string of emergencies at the hydroelectric project
"I was in Puerto Valdivia when the first alarm sounded. It was very chaotic. No-one knew whether to run for the hills or along the road, whether to grab the children or grab the elderly. Everyone was going crazy," says Teresa Jaramillo recalling the moment on 12 May when flash flooding hit their small riverside community.
Puerto Valdivia is just one of the communities affected by a series of emergencies which have hit Colombia's largest hydroelectric dam project, Hidroituango.
Tens of thousands of people living downstream from the dam have been evacuated and the emergencies just keep coming.
Rising water
The Hidroituango dam over the river Cauca, about 175km (110 miles) north of the city of Medellín, was just months from completion when on 28 April a landslide near the site blocked a tunnel built to divert the river's flow while construction was going on.
As the project was almost finished, two other tunnels built for the same purpose had already been sealed by the company building the dam, Empresas Públicas de Medellín (EPM). This meant that the tunnel blocked by the landslide was the only remaining outlet.
Image copyright Nicolas Bedoya Image caption The project was due to be finished by the end of the year
Image copyright Nicolas Bedoya Image caption Supporters of the dam say it will eventually account for 17% of Colombia's power capacity
Further landslides followed and with water levels rising and all outlets now blocked, EPM decided to flood the dam's turbine rooms on 10 May to release the river's increasing pressure on the structure.
While the move caused irreparable damage to transformers and other systems which had already been installed in the turbine room, it did reduce water levels.
But only two days later, one of the sealed tunnels naturally unblocked, causing water to gush through it and creating flash floods further downstream.
Cut off
Puerto Valdivia lay in the path of the flash foods. Fifty-nine homes, a school and a health centre were destroyed and more than 600 people were displaced.
Image copyright Pablo Cuellar Image caption Dozens of homes were destroyed in the flash floods on 12 May
Image copyright Pablo Cuellar
Image copyright Pablo Cuellar Image caption Almost 25,000 people have been displaced and many had to seek shelter in gymnasiums
León Taborda is one of them. "The Cauca river took my house. What do I do?" they ask.
"My wife doesn't want to return to Puerto Valdivia anymore, even if we could. The peace of mind I had there, I won't ever be able to regain it, not living there or anywhere else."
And Hidroituango's troubles seem far from over.
Experts have warned that there is a renewed risk of landslides from nearby mountainsides which could block the water-intake tunnels for the turbine room, as well as the spillway, potentially compromising the integrity of the entire hydroelectric project.
Image copyright Nicolas Bedoya Image caption The risk of landslides from the steep mountainsides remains
Almost 24,000 people living downstream of the dam have already been evacuated due to this risk. Another 380 people living upstream have been displaced by the premature filling of the dam's reservoir.
And the residents of Ituango, the town nearest the dam, have been left cut off after the only bridge connecting it to the rest of the country was submerged by the rising waters on 4 May.
Image copyright Pablo Cuellar Image caption Some bridges were submerged while others were destroyed by the force of the water
Lack of food
Community leader Teresa Jaramillo says the situation is particularly critical in rural communities which have been isolated for three weeks now.
Even the areas not directly at risk of landslides or flooding have begun to feel the effects of the mass evacuation of the riverside communities and the lack of trade.
Image copyright Pablo Cuellar Image caption With many communities cut off, ,locals are worried about a lack of supplies
"We only produce plantain and yucca. Everything else is beginning to run out, all other goods," rural leaders say.
Many have so far ignored calls for them to evacuate their land but they say the lack of food is becoming an issue.
"If we have to go to the camps, well, we will have to, but Valdivia is also collapsing with so many people," one man said.
Continuing risk
At a recent news conference, EPM's CEO Jorge Londoño said that communities near the dam would continue to be at risk until the company had figured out a permanent solution.
They suggested that in order to fix the problem, EPM would have to construct a new tunnel to reduce the levels of the flooded river in a controlled fashion, a process likely to take several months.
Environmental activists, who have long opposed the hydroelectric project because of what they say are the inherent dangers in damming Colombia's second-largest river, complain about a lack of oversight.
"How can it be that the same company that is causing so much damage is the one pretending to provide the solutions?" asks Isabel Zuleta, leader of local environmental organisation Ríos Vivos.
"What does that tell us? That in Colombia there is no one that controls the big corporations," they say.
Image copyright Pablo Cuellar Image caption Isabel Zuleta has long been opposed to the hydroelectric power project
Image copyright Pablo Cuellar Image caption They say residents no longer trust EPM to fix the problems
With the entire workforce evacuated from the site again on Tuesday because of new warnings of landslides, many people living both up- and downstream from the megaproject are in a state of fear.
Ms Zuleta says trust has been eroded. "They said there was no problem, that there was no danger, that everything was under control."
Image copyright Pablo Cuellar Image caption After the flash flooding of 12 May, people living in riverside communities fear for their future
They say that people do not want quick fixes but a river which is allowed to flow freely.
But with the project far advanced - it was due to be completed by the end of the year - and its backers maintaining that it will account for about 17% of Colombia's power capacity, that is unlikely to happen.
All photos by Nicolas Bedoya and Pablo Cuellar from Colombia-based Vela Colectivo.
This white woman is calling out black men who only date white women.
On Wednesday, writer Tiffany Jolene took to Facebook with a very specific dating frustration. “If your primary reason for dating white women is because you're under the self centered delusion that they are more ‘submissive' and understanding of your inherent refusal to get your s - - t together without the help of a romantic partner, I am not the Caucasian for you,” they wrote in a status update.
To be clear, she's not against interracial dating — but they think many black men seek out white women for the wrong reason. This, they explain in their now-viral post, is troubling on a few levels.
“You're likely to be intentionally targeting a certain brand of white women because they're as not privy to your bulls - - t as black women; having been raised around or by you,” they say. “You highlight your disapproval of black women because of their independence, strength . . . They are much more ‘difficult' for you to manipulate.”
Them post drew praise from women of color.
“I've been waiting years to see someone reject the bullshit black men used to put down black women and elevate white women,” wrote Negrita Devereaux. “I'm glad you used your voice and your talent to talk about your experience.”
Asia Bilal commented: “The same men she's talking about will disrespect ya asses in a minute. Don't try to downplay their cause she's white.”
But not everyone agreed.
Josh White wrote: “I just like interracial dating . . . that's it lol.”
Despite the stir she's caused, Jolene has no time for haters. On Friday, they followed up with a Facebook status, writing, “I'm moving on with my regularly scheduled programming (currently still on vacation).”
Defending state champion Tyler Moore rolled 202, 267 and 248 high games while Ethan Smiley scored 203, 221 and 222; Jaleel Dowell 224, Caleb Gregory 206, Matthew Ham 193 and Hunter Fugate 191 as the Blue Devils avenged their only loss of the season and improved to 18-1.
Lebanon beat Beech 22-5 earlier in the day in the semifinals as Moore turned in scores of 239, 227 and 257; Fugate 234 and 218, Tyler Magers 245, Dowell 224, Smiley 215 and Ham 195.
Mt. Juliet, coached by George Ogilvie and assisted by Chad Hayes, advanced with a 24-3 semifinal win over Merrol Hyde. The Golden Bears (17-1) will join Lebanon in the Region 6 tournament which will roll off the week of Jan. 8 at Pro Bowl West.
All-district honors were announced between the semis and finals. Moore won league Most Valuable Player honors and was joined on the first team by Fugate and Smiley. Dowell and Ham were named third team. Moore had the high game for the district at 297 and high series at 824 as they posted a league beat 38-4 record. Dowell was named Rookie of the Year.
Mt. Juliet's Ben Giacobbi leads the Golden Bears with a 206 average as they have qualified for the state individual tournament. John Dyer has a 189 average, Hunter Kinder 187, Isaiah Sanderling 184, Alex Ayers 174, Payton Mullins 173, Jack Lee 172 and Jonathan Lee and Brandon Jones 170 apiece.
MADRID (AP) — Spanish police say the man suspected of plotting an ISIS-inspired attack in Colombia appeared on their radar for their hate-filled messages toward the United States, a country where they had lived and was allegedly trying to get to.
A Colombian judge jailed Raul Gutierrez last week on terrorism and conspiracy charges.
On instant messaging app Telegram, the 45-year-old Cuban man said that they would commit a suicide attack in the name of God and the Islamic state, two of the Spanish investigators following the case told The Associated Press.
The agents said the alleged attack was initially planned for March 6 but was later rescheduled for March 13. They spoke anonymously out of security concerns.
Gutierrez was arrested on March 12.
Congratulations on taking the giant photographic leap to an interchangeable lens camera! Sure, your phone has served you well (and will likely continue to do so) but now it's time to spread your picture-taking wings. And as cool as your new DSLR or mirrorless camera is now, it won't reach its true potential until you take a deep dive into the world of lenses. It's a somewhat sad fact that most interchangeable-lens camera buyers never take off the kit lens that came with the camera, which sort of defeats the purpose of having an interchangeable-lens camera. This is why we've put together this guide to help make sure you know what to look for in lenses, and thus get the most out of your new camera.
More: From DSLR to mirrorless and compact, here's how to choose a digital camera
Your first step
If you've yet to pull the trigger on a new camera, make sure to check out the lens options available for the brands and models you're researching. Sure, it's unlikely that anyone needs to buy a dozen lenses for their camera, but the larger the collection available, the more variety you will have to choose from, from wide-angle to telephoto and everything in between. Above all, make sure the specific type of lenses you need for your personal photographic style are available for your system of choice. For example, if you primarily photograph landscapes, you'll want a different type of lens than if you plan to shoot mostly portraits (we'll get into the specifics in a minute).
When you buy an interchangeable lens camera you're entering a relationship with the specific hardware mount determined by the brand, so this is not a choice to take lightly. For example, Nikon DSLRs use the F mount and Canon DSLRs use the EF and EF-S mounts. Canon's EOS-M series mirrorless cameras use a completely different mount, called EF-M. With the exception of Panasonic and Olympus, who share the Micro Four Thirds mount, virtually every manufacturer sticks to its own mount. And while they are all interchangeable-lens cameras, you cannot use Nikon glass on a Canon body and vice versa (well, sometimes you can but this involves using a mount adapter and almost always sacrifices some functionality).
PM Power Products introduced their new Mass Notification, Alerting and Control System, StaffAlerter, at ISC West 2017 in Las Vegas.
Dublin, OH (PRUnderground) April 17th, 2017
PM Power Products introduced their new Mass Notification, Alerting and Control System, StaffAlerter at ISC West 2017 in Las Vegas. StaffAlerter provides a single resource for Emergency Notification, Alerting and Response.
Distinguishing itself in a crowded field, Staff Alerter provides a completely distributed architecture allowing users to place resources anywhere backed by a central cloud control. This allows StaffAlerter to cover any size structure or be deployed across a customer's network.
“I have never seen a system with so many capabilities and a great entry price point”, commented show attendee Richard Strong. “StaffAlerter will scale to meet my organizational needs and is very cost effective”.
PM Power Products originally designed StaffAlerter around the needs of its K-12 education clients. StaffAlerter offers an extensive range of customizable wireless and hardwired inputs and outputs across networks making it the ideal choice for any size business or agency. It offers a unique Wi-Fi based Panic button that delivers solid performance across large wireless networks.
StaffAlerter supports a wide range of inputs including, severe weather, process control, telephone system integration, access control integration, break-glass boxes, panic buttons wired and wireless.
“StaffAlerter, Always Connected, Always Informed”.
Distributed through Presence Management LLC., www-presencemanagement.com
About Presence Management
Presence Management is the largest Distributor for Ericsson-LG Enterprise iPECS IP Telephony products in North America. Presence Management has been selling and servicing telephony and data solutions for 20 years and pioneered the sale of Ericsson-LG Enterprise iPECS through their channel partner network in North America starting in 2009. Providing pre- and post-sales support, marketing, instructor led technical training and 24/7 technical support services, Presence Management provides a full range of products and services to the channel. Presence Management is the only distributor in North America exclusively selling the Ericsson-LG Enterprise iPECS product line.
Presence Management offers its dealers a broad range of solutions to compliment the iPECS line. These include power management and survivability, as well as supporting products like cabinets, alerting devices, remote control devices as well as video, teleconferencing, and mass alert systems.
Pure MediCanna is a highly reputable provider of U.S made, premium-quality CBD products at non-premium prices.
Los Angeles, CA (PRUnderground) December 11th, 2017
Pure MediCanna, a U.S company known for offering the purest 100% Natural CBD on the market, is announcing the release of a new range of premium-quality CBD products to their line. The full range of products will be released throughout a series of days leading up to and through the new year. The CBD offered by the company contains Zero THC and is Legal in All 50 States. It is Non-Psychoactive and 100% Grown & Extracted in Colorado.
The oil is so effective that CBD products are now becoming more in demand than ever before. CBD is extracted from the Hemp plant and is used by those who want to relieve symptoms from multitudes of ailments. Today, an increasing number of people are using this product to obtain relief from a specific medical condition or general body pain. Since CBD doesn't produce any psychoactive effects on the user, it makes the product more desirable than THC when it comes to treating a medical condition.
“It is beneficial for people who suffer from physical pains, chronic pains, anxiety, and stress, as well as those who need muscle soreness relief” the Pure MediCanna CEO said referring to the CBD benefits, adding “The biggest hurdle for a new user of CBD is removing the stigma that it is marijuana, because it's not.” The CBD that the Pure MediCanna provides offers multiple, exceptional health benefits that will help improve the overall quality of life of the users without any psychoactive effects.
The availability of these new products is part of the company's national growth strategy to expand its reach across the U.S. As one of the leading providers of U.S. made premium CBD products, Pure MediCanna wants their newly launched range of CBD products to be more widely accessible to all audiences who can and will benefit from using their CBD products. The company's product line will now include numerous CBD oil tinctures, CBD topicals and CBD vape oils.
Pure MediCanna's products are made using its third-party, lab certified 99%+ pure CBD isolate or full spectrum oil. This ensures that their CBD is free of THC. Customers can also obtain the product for as low as $19.99 for a 30/ml bottle of a CBD Oil. This is extremely competitive for the premium quality of the product they provide.
Every product on the company's official website features a comprehensive description of every item. It details the product's size, ingredients, benefits and other valuable information for consumers. “So, before customers make a purchase, they have a clear understanding of what the product is and what benefits it provides,” explains Pure MediCanna's CEO.
All products are available at the company's official website www.puremedicanna.com and can be accessed at a highly affordable price. You can also find their range of products available at various retailers across the U.S, including natural foods stores, natural pharmacies, dispensaries, vape shops, smoke shops, yoga studios, pet shops and more.
About Pure MediCanna CBD
Los Angeles based Pure MediCanna, is a provider of premium CBD without the premium price tag.
1:17 Miami Heat's Dragic says their back feels a lot better Pause
0:56 Baby needs a new home
0:31 Postpartum depression: You are not alone
2:26 How do you prevent suicide? Photos urge support for those who struggle
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
FILE - This May 8, 2017, file photo shows an aerial view of Arch Canyon within Bears Ears National Monument in Utah. The window opened Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, for oil, gas, uranium and coal companies to make requests or stake claims to lands that were cut from two sprawling Utah national monuments by President Trump in December but there doesn't appear to be a rush to seize the opportunity. The Salt Lake Tribune via AP, File Francisco Kjolseth
FREETOWN, Sierra Leone — Hundreds of people are believed to have been killed when a mudslide struck the outskirts of Sierra Leone's capital on Monday, Vice President Victor Foh said.
The Red Cross put the number of bodies so far at the central morgue in the capital, Freetown, at 179.
Earlier, an official at the morgue at Connaught Hospital in Freetown said it had received 70 bodies and police and soldiers were bringing in more.
Flooded streets in Regent near Freetown, on Aug. 14, 2017. AFP - Getty Images
The death toll is expected to rise as more bodies are recovered, Red Cross spokesperson Abu Bakarr Tarawallie said.
"It is likely that hundreds are lying dead underneath the rubble," Foh said the mountain town of Regent. They said a number of illegal buildings had been erected in the area.
"The disaster is so serious that I myself feel broken," they said. "We're trying to cordon the area. Evacuate the people."
Mudslides and floods are fairly common during the rainy season in West Africa, where deforestation and poor town planning has put residents at risk.
Royal rebels rattle London Their royal rank strictly forbids them from making political statements.
Everyone wore black to the BAFTAs except Kate Middleton The Time's Up movement had another night of black at the BAFTAs, so why did Kate Middleton show up in green?
‘Three Billboards' conquers BAFTA Awards with five trophies The film's stars Frances McDormand and Sam Rockwell won the best actor and best supporting actor, respectively.
BAFTA terminates Harvey Weinstein's membership The disgraced producer's membership to the organization was suspended in October 2017.
Ridley Scott to receive prestigious BAFTA fellowship The director of “All the Money in the World” and “Blade Runner” will receive the honor at next month's awards ceremony.
Stars set to wear black to the BAFTAs The BAFTA Awards take place at the Royal Albert Hall in London on February 18.
'The Shape of Water' leads BAFTA nominations Winners will be announced at London's Royal Albert Hall on Feb. 18, two weeks before the Oscars.
Stephen Fry steps down as BAFTA Awards host Fry has fronted the BAFTAs 12 times and said it was time for someone else to take the job.
Harvey Weinstein plaque removed from prestigious screening room “BAFTA has taken away their name from back of the seat!” exclaimed a film pro.
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
0:37 Tax commissioner shows cramped quarters
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
0:57 Police officer donates bike to help Warner Robins man with their daily commute
1:33 Chance Jones credits assistants for first-year success
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
1:16 Mercer engineering students create cool rides for kids with limited mobility
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Bristow's funeral was held on Tuesday
Tributes have been paid to dart legend Eric Bristow at their funeral in Staffordshire.
Bristow, nicknamed the Crafty Cockney, died on 5 April after suffering a heart attack and collapsing at a Premier League event at Liverpool's Echo Arena.
A private ceremony was held on Tuesday afternoon at Camountside Crematorium in Stoke-on-Trent where guests were asked to wear darts or football shirts.
Bristow was world champion five times between 1980 and 1986.
The funeral service was being held a day before what would have been their 61st birthday.
It is being followed by celebrations at The Rewind Bar in Leek, Staffordshire.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Eric Bristow died of a heart attack after collapsing at the Echo Arena in Liverpool
Bristow, who was awarded an MBE for their services to sport in 1989, also won five World Masters titles and was a founder player when the PDC was formed in 1993.
They also worked as a TV pundit and appeared on the ITV show I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here in 2012.
Bristow was born in Stoke Newington but settled in the Staffordshire Moorlands, and at one time ran the Swan Hotel in Leek with their friend Barry Birch who said it was a "very sad day."
"He was just accepted. Eric mixed with anybody. He'd do what they felt comfortable with. They were comfortable with people," they added.
"Not just the town of Leek will show up but most of the country is going to turn out in force because they were popular all over the country, and the world."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Darts legend Bobby George says Eric Bristow lived life their way
Players past and present and figures from across the darts world put out their messages of support to Bristow's friends and family.
Skip Twitter post by @KDeller138 Today is a sad day when we say goodbye to our friend and a darting genius Eric Bristow. At 3.30pm we will remember the good times and say are farewells but the sporting Icon will always live on. RIP Eric — Keith Deller (@KDeller138) April 24, 2018 Report
Commentator Stuart Pyke described Bristow as "one of the greatest".
For those who have passed a kidney stone, it is likely an experience that will not be soon forgotten, since it has been described by many as one of the most painful health issues they've encountered. While a kidney stone may feel life-threatening, it's considered to be a common health condition affecting many Americans each year.
Kidney stones are small, hard substances made from minerals and chemical deposits that crystalize inside of the kidney or the ureters. There are four different types of stones that are grouped by chemical composition: calcium oxalate, struvite, uric acid and cystine.
While several small stones pass out of the body without causing any symptoms, larger stones can become trapped and cause severe back or side pain, nausea, vomiting and bloody urine. As the stone passes down to the bladder, it may cause a burning sensation until it is eventually passed through the urine. If the stone becomes trapped or is too large to pass, it may require surgery or other interventions to remove or enable them to pass.
According to Harvard Health, the best way to help prevent kidney stones is by drinking plenty of water and avoiding dehydration. This dilutes the urine and decreases the chance of chemicals combining to form stones. It is recommended to drink at least eight full glasses of water a day. It may also help to include some citrus beverages like lemonade and orange juice, as they help block stone formation. Other suggestions to avoid kidney stones include reducing sodium intake, eating calcium-rich foods and limiting animal protein in your diet. Certain medications may also increase the risk of kidney stones, which is why it's important to visit with your physician to keep recurring stones from forming.
Once you develop a kidney stone, there is an increased chance of it happening again. To help prevent another painful occurrence, I urge you to take preventive measures to help keep kidney stones away.
Joseph R. Cunningham is the divisional senior vice president of health care delivery and chief medical officer for Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Oklahoma.
Stories under the Almanack's Editorial Staff byline come from press releases and other notices. To have your news noticed here at the Almanack contact our editor John Warren at adkalmanack@gmail.com.
→
Share
In the same way not all musicians should make tech products, not all tech companies should make music. They don't always listen, and decide the world needs a cringe-worthy theme song, an eye-watering promo track, or videos of executives wishing they were either auditioning for The Voice, or possibly, wishing they worked at any other company than the one forcing them to sing on the internet.
Do you think we're exaggerating? That there's no way companies responsible for some fine devices could be so tonally deaf? We're here to prove that few of them have the skill, ability, or talent to carry the simplest tune. What we probably won't be able to answer is why any of these songs were made in the first place. For the music lovers among you, we apologize in advance.
Huawei — “Dream it Possible”
This is the epitome of what's wrong with tech companies commissioning theme songs. The singer, Delacey, has a beautiful voice; but the lyrics are corporate cringe made real. Add in a video that is so deliberately melodramatic and heart-rending, it borders on emotional torture; and what could have been vaguely acceptable becomes something you never want to see or hear again.
Honor — “We Are the Brave”
Huawei sub-brand Honor proves it can do anything its big sister can do, just as badly, with “We Are the Brave.” Presumably the lyrics were written by the same wordsmith as “Dream it Possible,” as it's all the same pseudo-uplifting corporate nonsense repeated ad nauseam. Because Honor targets Millennials, the video has people with tattoos doing extreme sports, playing video games, and covered in colored powder at concerts. Awful.
Honor — “Honor is Mine”
“We Are the Brave” wasn't Honor's first try at embarrassing itself. “Honor is Mine,” made to promote the Honor 7X phone, is even more down-with-the-kidz because it has a rapper in it, some graffiti, parkour, and some flashy graphics. Rappist SonaOne oddly channels The Shining's Jack Torrence at the end, as they scribble “Honor is Mine” repeatedly down on paper; but to see that you have to watch the whole video. Sorry.
HTC — “Hold the Crown”
Honor's dive into hip-hop is actually the gold standard for rap in the tech industry, mainly because abominations like “Hold the Crown” exist. Commissioned by HTC — a company eternally unsure of how to promote itself — and rapped by Doc G from P.M. Dawn, it doesn't even bother to disguise the fact it's about a phone. Let's ignore the lyrics (please), and enjoy the scenes shot in an car park (complete with a yellow VW Beetle and an original, beige Toyota Prius; both rap video regulars) and HTC marketing executive David Bruce, who seems to be channeling Bez from Happy Mondays, just without the massive amount of drugs.
HTC — “We Are One”
Here's an interesting, less hateful music video. HTC apparently has another song of its own, called “We Are One”, and HTC Taiwan released a video of former CEO Peter Chou and co-founder Cher Wang singing it on stage at a corporate event in 2015. We're not here to comment on their individual voices (I know I've sung far worse at karaoke); but this is clearly the environment for which these songs are best suited. Behind closed doors, and not for public consumption.
BlackBerry — “BlackBerry Is Going To Continue Loving You”
This is so terrible, but so completely wonderful at the same time. It's some dads getting together to cover the song that was on the radio when they had their first kiss, or something, only to find the boss has forced a lyric change in return for some time off to practice.
It's bearable because REO Speedwagon's original song is a rock classic. It's laughable because it contains the lyrics “We'll have BlackBerry 10, both in full touch and QWERTY editions', and it's lovable because VP Alec Saunders gives the thumbs up after singing that very challenging line. It takes the dubious award of being our favorite here.
Samsung — “Request”
Made for the Galaxy Note 3's release, Samsung recruited K-pop boyband Infinite to feature the Note 3 and the Galaxy Gear in the music video “Request.” The song, which is actually great, is entirely ruined by Samsung's heavy-handed marketing team stuffing the Note 3 into the group's hands for almost every shot. Wait, they're cycling? No problem. Get the Galaxy Gear on their wrists pronto. Worst crime? The damn Samsung “Over the Horizon” theme tune at the beginning and end. Just in case we didn't realize Samsung sponsored it.
Samsung — “Sustainability Rap”
This is why corporations need to be kept away from music. In 2014, instead of narrating a video for its annual sustainability report, Samsung got someone to rap it. Why not, right? We'll tell you why. Rapping about a report that's of primary interest to its investors and partners doesn't make it appealing to the rest of the world. Nor will it be rapped by kids in the playground, who're all of a sudden interested in Samsung's green efforts. Lesson for all involved: Stop giving serious tasks to the intern in marketing.
Jawbone — “Wednesday was a Good Day”
We really, really want this to be a knowing parody of Silicon Valley and tech culture from Jawbone, while still advertising its Jambox wireless speaker; but we don't think it is. Jawbone thinks it's being cool with its many cultural references — Angry Birds, Twitter, Groupon, Instagram, Nintendo Wii, Foursquare — and like many other videos here, appealing to a young audience. It's not, of course, and it's still embarrassing itself like all the rest. We also wonder if the marketing team ever listened to all Ice Cube's “It Was a Good Day” lyrics, as they're unlikely to be the type used to promote any company's culture.
LG — “Life's Good”
LG used the strapline Life's Good for some time, so it made sense to create a song using those same words. It was an easy sell in 2012 — bright colors, uplifting lyrics, happy dancing, and endless hints as to how much LG will love you if you buy its new smartphone — the ancient Optimus G in this case. Actor and dancer Wes Scarpias is the lead, an unlikely contender for someone with the first name Minwoo, and this is one of many crimes against music LG created in the name of Life's Good. Why is this so bad? It's an early prototype for the terrible things to come, and therefore depressingly innovative.
Do you think it's over? No. As we trawled the musical depths of the tech industry, some discoveries inevitably didn't quite make the cut for the main list. We listened, so you should be made to as well. Samsung's many remixes of its “Over the Horizon” ringtone are generally awful, but the 2016 version by Dirty Loops is a particular low point. One of Oppo's unnamed theme songs is fine, but the highly cinematic yet utterly cringe-worthy video ruins it, while Motorola had a go at joining the rap crew with this historical travesty. Then there is the official song of China's internet censorship department, apparently named “Cyberspace Spirit“, and we don't really know what to say about that at all.
We're sure tech companies have created beautiful, emotional, and not completely vapid and self-promotional pieces of music. Sadly, they're completely buried under all this feculence.
This is the charter bus driver who killed two people and themselves when they ran a red light while speeding in Queens — as seen in a mugshot from their 2015 bust for DUI.
Before Raymond Mong, 49, plowed a Dahlia tour bus into a Q20 city bus packed with people in Flushing early Monday, they were arrested for drunkenly causing a three-car crash in Connecticut.
Police records show Mong was behind the wheel of a 2002 Honda on April 10, 2015, when they caused the chain car crash on the Exit 51 off-ramp from southbound I-95 and fled.
State police later found Mong and arrested them on several charges, including operating under the influence of alcohol or drugs.
They pleaded guilty to operating a motor vehicle under the influence of alcohol or drugs and was given a suspended six-month jail sentence on Oct. 20, 2015, and put on probation for 18 months.
The DUI bust cost Mong their job as a bus driver for the MTA, where they worked for several years, according to sources.
In some ways, real estate lawyer Rachel Freier has a background that might be expected in a new civil court judge.
But Freier starts work in New York City on Tuesday as something quite unexpected.
She's believed to be the first woman from Judaism's ultra-Orthodox Hasidic community to be elected as a judge in the United States.
The 51-year-old Freier is a proud product of a world with strict customs concerning gender roles and modesty. As a pathbreaker who embraces tradition, they have sometimes had to explain themselves to both outsiders and fellow believers.
The new Brooklyn Civil Court judge says their commitment to the public and their commitment to their religion and their community can go hand-in-hand.
President Obama will deliver a farewell speech next week in their hometown of Chicago that they say will follow a tradition set in 1796 when first U.S President George Washington spoke to the American people for the last time in office.
“I'm thinking about them as a chance to say thank you for this amazing journey, to celebrate the ways you've changed this country for the better these past eight years, and to offer some thoughts on where we all go from here,” Obama said in an email Monday to supporters.
The “speech will take place at McCormick Place, a giant convention center in Chicago.
Obama returned to Washington on Monday from Hawaii. And with their last presidential vacation now behind him, the two-term president, entering the closing stretch of their presidency, is on an eleventh-hour push to tie up loose ends and put finishing touches on their legacy before handing the reins to President-elect Donald Trump.
With just two-and-a-half weeks left, Obama's final days will largely be consumed by a bid to protect their endangered health care law, a major farewell speech and the ongoing handover of power to Trump.
Obama's chief speechwriter, Cody Keenan, traveled with Obama to Hawaii and spent much of the trip working on the speech. The Chicago trip will likely be Obama's last outside Washington as president and will be included a “family reunion” for Obama's former campaign staffers.
Obama is also planning last-minute commutations and pardons, White House officials said, in line with their second-term effort to cut sentences for inmates given unduly harsh sentences for drug crimes. Though prominent offenders like Edward Snowden and Rod Blagojevich are also asking for leniency, Obama's final acts of clemency are expected to remain focused on drug offenders whose plight Obama tried but failed to address through criminal justice reform.
After taking office eight years ago, Obama and their aides were effusive in their praise for how Obama's predecessor, George W. Bush, helped their team take over the massive federal bureaucracy. Obama has vowed to pass on the favor to Trump. But the transition hasn't been without incident.
The two teams have clashed over the Trump team's requests for information Obama aides fear could be used to eliminate government employees who worked on Obama priorities like climate change and minority rights overseas. Trump's team, meanwhile, has been frustrated by Obama's attempts to box Trump in with parting moves to block ocean drilling, declare new monuments and further empty out the Guantanamo Bay prison.
While on their annual vacation in Oahu, Obama asserted themselves forcefully on two foreign policy issues that put them in direct conflict with Trump. Obama directed the U.S. to defy tradition by allowing a U.N. Security Council resolution criticizing Israel on settlements to pass, then slapped Russia with sweeping penalties over U.S. allegations of hacking.
The final days are Obama's last chance to define their presidency before theirs loses the bully pulpit and cedes their legacy to historians. For Obama, helping Americans understand how their two terms have reshaped American life is even more critical amid concerns that Trump may undo much of what they accomplished, including the health law.
As Trump and Republicans vow to gut the Affordable Care Act, Democrats are working to devise a strategy to protect the law by exploiting GOP divisions about how to replace it. To that end, Obama will travel Wednesday to the Capitol to meet with House and Senate Democrats, likely their last meeting with their party's lawmakers as president.
Their administration is also working feverishly to finish up regulations in the pipeline that Obama hopes can be completed in the final days, perhaps increasing the likelihood their policies carry over. But the closer it gets to Trump's inauguration, the harder those tasks become.
Though Obama remains president until Jan. 20, the White House can't process the departure of all its staffers on a single day. So this week Obama aides will start “offloading,” turning in their Blackberries and shutting down their computers for the last time, leaving a smaller staff on hand for the final days.
Obama must also prepare to become a private citizen for the first time in two decades. An office of the former president must be stood up, and Obama's family will be making arrangements to move into a rental home in Northwest Washington where they plan to stay until youngest daughter Sasha finishes high school.
The Obamas have long lamented how the presidency denied them freedom and privacy, with first lady Michelle Obama likening the White House to “a really nice prison.” But on their last Hawaii vacation, the first family took time out to visit Breakout Waikiki, where visitors are “trapped” in a room together and must try, as a team, to escape.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Mohamed Salah could still play a role for Egypt at the World Cup after the Egyptian Football Association announced Wednesday that the injured Liverpool striker would be out for "not more" than three weeks.
"The football federation reiterates that Salah will be at the World Cup, God willing, and will be out for no longer than three weeks," the federation said after its president Hani Abu Reda and the team doctor met with Salah in Spain, where they are undergoing treatment.
Egypt's opening fixture in Group A is against Uruguay on June 15. They then face Russia on June 19 and Saudi Arabia on June 25.
Buhari needs to prove they are not dead – Former British lawmaker, Eric Joyce explodes again
A British politician and former military officer, Eric Stuart Joyce, has again stirred up controversy over the health of President Muhammadu Buhari. Joyce, who insisted that Buhari is dead , has now challenged the Nigerian President to prove otherwise. Writing on their website, they said: “Nigeria has an extremely capable acting president, of course, but […]
Buhari needs to prove they are not dead – Former British lawmaker, Eric Joyce explodes again
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
LOUISVILLE, Ky. — After seeing their No. 4 Louisville squad defend well in spurts, coach Jeff Walz wanted to see if their Cardinals could defend for a full game.
They did, and they almost set a record in the process.
Asia Durr scored 19 points in 20 minutes for the Cardinals, who crushed Middle Tennessee 80-26 on Saturday night.
Wrapping up a busy week in which they routed UT Martin and Vanderbilt, the unbeaten Cardinals lowered the boom on another team from Tennessee. A 28-1 first-quarter run put the game away early.
Walz said the Vanderbilt game, in which the Cardinals held the Commodores scoreless for more than a quarter, showed the capabilities of their team. On Saturday, they kept the Blue Raiders in single digits for all four quarters.
“I challenged them,” Walz said. “I know we can do it. Now can we put three or four quarters together, and tonight, I thought we did.”
The Cardinals (11-0), off to their second-best start in program history, also had one of their best-ever shooting halves. Louisville shot 70.8 per cent in the first half and 56.3 per cent for the game. Bionca Dunham added 14 points on 5-for-6 shooting.
Durr also made 5 of 6 shots, including all four of their 3-point attempts. They said the defence set up the offence for easy baskets. The Cardinals made 13 of 15 field goals in one stretch.
“We really got out there,” Durr said. “That really got us going in the first quarter.”
The Blue Raiders (5-3) were missing two starting guards because of injuries, which allowed Louisville to overwhelm the Middle Tennessee backcourt throughout the first half.
Thanks to Katie Collier's free throw with 40 seconds left, Middle Tennessee scored just one more point than the fewest ever by a Louisville opponent. The Cardinals last held an opponent to 25 points against Tennessee State on Dec. 31, 2012.
Jess Louro led Middle Tennessee with seven points. The Blue Raiders shot just 20.5 per cent and committed a season-high 31 turnovers.
BIG PICTURE
Middle Tennessee: The Blue Raiders entered the game holding four of their first seven opponents below 50 points. Louisville, which capitalized on easy opportunities created by its pressure defence, reached that plateau with 2:46 left in the first half.
Louisville: For the fourth time this season, the Cardinals never trailed, this time against a team that featured several key players from last season's 23-win squad.
STAT OF THE NIGHT
Of the Cardinals' 27 field goals Saturday, 26 of them came off assists. The other was a putback off an offensive rebound.
“It's pretty remarkable,” Walz said. “It's the first time I've been a part of a ball game where every made field goal … was assisted on, except for an offensive board, which it's not going to be.”
Arica Carter led the Cardinals with nine assists.
FRESHMAN STANDOUT
Dana Evans came off the bench to score 11 points for the Cardinals, and for the third straight game, the five-star point guard had six assists. They didn't commit a turnover and got four steals in a team-high 26 minutes.
Evans, who earned McDonald's All-American status last year, now has a better than 2-to-1 assist-to-turnover ratio for the season (49-to-24) and said she's starting to get a feel for playing with their teammates.
“My job on the team is to play defence and get girls shots where they need it, like Asia (who) can hit the three,” they said.
POLL IMPLICATIONS
Louisville won its three games this week by an average of 37 points. They trailed Notre Dame in the polls by just seven points and could make up ground on the Fighting Irish when Monday's poll comes out. They could also rise if No. 11 Tennessee beats No. 2 Texas on Sunday.
UP NEXT
Middle Tennessee hosts Troy on Thursday.
Louisville concludes a four-game homestand when it hosts Tennessee State on Tuesday.
Stars have posted their congratulations to the drag queen winner of Celebrity Big Brother, as Courtney/Shane Jenek is declared one of the show's most popular champions
Condragulations to Courtney Act, the winner of Celebrity Big Brother – and a popular one at that. After Courtney – real name Shane Jenek – won the reality contest last night, Channel 5 has revealed that the drag artist won with a massive 49.43% of the vote.
Advertisement
In case you were wondering how tonight's vote went… Here's the full result! 📊 #CBBFinal #CBB pic.twitter.com/Q7WG7guoVh — Big Brother UK (@bbuk) February 2, 2018
Not only does that mean Courtney received almost 10% more votes than second-place Ann Widdecombe, but that the RuPaul's Drag Race star is one of the show's most well-liked winners.
Previous victor Sarah Harding managed to pick up 35.33% of the vote during last year's final, while Coleen Nolan only won over 32.65% of viewers and 2016 champ Stephen Bear got 35.9%.
And if you were in any doubt about Courtney's popularity (and fancy digesting even more stats), 77.86% of people in RadioTimes.com's survey of 500 said Courtney was the right winner.
Some people were really happy about the win, including (recently reunited) Spice Girl Geri Horner, who sent Courtney an epic video message. “Congratulations Courtney, you won!” Ginger Spice said. “You've been absolutely amazing in there. Girl power! Big kiss!”
Other stars, including Little Mix, Big Brother's Bit on the Side host Rylan Clark-Neal and RuPaul's Drag Race matriarch Michelle Visage posted their congratulations online.
OMG!!! WAS WONDERING WHY MY TIMELINE WAS EXPLODING! CONGRATS TO @courtneyact !!! THIS GOES TO SHOW YOU THAT LOVE ALWAYS #TRUMPSHATE #CBB now go rob that couch that @Rylan is sitting on! — michelle visage (@michellevisage) February 3, 2018
Basically, viewers everywhere were delighted by the win, seeing it as an LGBT victory…
CONGRATULATIONS @courtneyact @bbuk #CBB
Intelligence, beauty, forward thinking, and acceptance. You are an amazing representative of our #LGBT community and I salute you. X — Austin Armacost (@austinarmacost) February 2, 2018
In 2018, year of the women, exceptance and equality, who better to win than a polyamorous, gender queer, pan sexual drag queen!!! Well done Courtney I love u 💅🏻👑🦄🎀💖🌸🧚🏻‍♀️ #cbb — moon child (@bl00db4ank) February 3, 2018
I think @courtneyact was the best person to win year of woman, because she/he is an accurate representation of modern feminism 50/50 men and women, standing up for both and a whole lot more, lgbt, vegan you name it 👏❤️ #hero #worthywinner #CBB #CBBShaneJ — Mel~W (@Mel_ward10) February 2, 2018
Sorry, still thinking of #CBB. It also feels like a win for the future- for those who embrace difference and look forwards, versus those stuck in the past, stubbornly unwilling to engage with change. — Natalie Mitchell (@Mitchell_Nat) February 3, 2018
…And they saw it as a rejection of controversial comments made by Ann Widdecombe, who sashayed away from the show as a “thoroughly bemused” runner-up…
Well done to @courtneyact TRULY well done for winning #cbb ! Your win is greater than you may actually realise! There's a great big sigh of relief from the LGBTQI community and all liberals! ❤️ #CBBCourtney @bbuk — Chrissy Darling (@chrissydarling) February 3, 2018
words cant explain how happy i am to see @courtneyact win #CBB, supporting not only LGBT rights but equality in general, goodbye to annes oldfashioned views — Geraint Thomas (@Geraiintx) February 3, 2018
Thank goodness that bigot didn't win my bloody show. From series 1, Big Brother helped me as a confused kid to feel ok about being who I am. The show's LGBT history is incredibly important and someone like Ann is not worthy. Shane J and Courtney did an incredible job. #CBB — Jake Graham (@AlbionJake) February 2, 2018
Of course, in the interest of balance, we should point out that some wanted Ann to take the CBB crown…
Really wanted Ann widdecomb to win #cbb — Gloria Rose (@Gloria_Rose) February 3, 2018
Nooooo I wanted little Ann to win 😵😵😵😵 #CBB — missshonakelly (@shonabridge85) February 3, 2018
Am I the only one that wanted Ann to win #cbb — Zoe (@zoe_georgiou_xx) February 3, 2018
But they were certainly in the minority…
COURTNEY DID IT HDJDJSKSBDJDJEJJDJDKDJDJDJDNDJD I CANT BREATHE YES HAHAHAHAHAHAH #CBB #CBBFINAL — 🏳️‍🌈COURTNEY WON BITCHES (@PhillieExpress) February 2, 2018
This is amazing Courtney is amazing I'm so proud and they deserved to win wow amazing #CBB — Jodie (@Jodieischill) February 2, 2018
In summary: Courtney, YAAASSS QUEEN!
Advertisement
Celebrity Big Brother returns to Channel 5 in the summer
National Flash Fiction Day in Christchurch – Thurs… By: Donna R Come along next week to the fab free event Flash in the P…
Te Rerenga Kōrero – Mau mau ana! By: Moata Kia ora. To encourage the use of Te Reo Māori Te Taura Wh…
Te Rerenga Kōrero – Purere ana te oma! By: cclstaff Kia ora. To encourage the use of Te Reo Māori Te Taura Wh…
Te Iwa o Matariki – The Nine Stars of Matariki By: maatakiwi Kua ara ake ahau i te papa o te whenua Kua kite ahau i ng…
There may be no game tomorrow (Saturday) for Crystal Palace , but Eagles goalkeeper Julian Speroni will still be at Selhurst Park.
That is because the club legend will be attending the Palace for Life Foundation 'Marathon March' event that will see more than 100 people walk from Selhurst Park to Trafalgar Square.
Speroni will meet and greet the walkers taking part, and will see them off as they leave the stadium at 8am.
And the fans' favourite says they are looking forward to seeing everyone taking part as they raise money to help the foundation.
"I've always been a supporter of the foundation's work," they told the foundation's website.
"The Marathon March is another fantastic event that can really make a difference to vulnerable people in our community.
"I can't wait to meet the wonderful people who are taking part and set them off on this great challenge."
Former Palace stars Andy Johnson and Andy Gray are among the people set to take part in the event , and to donate to help the marchers hit the £40,000 fundraising target, visit their Just Giving page.
WASHINGTON: President Donald Trump made a cryptic remark Thursday about the present time possibly representing the “calm before the storm,” but declined to specify what specific crisis — if any — they were referring to.
Trump made the remark during a photo opportunity at the White House as they and First Lady Melania prepared to have dinner with military leaders and their spouses, following a meeting with the officers.
“You guys know what this represents? Maybe it's the calm before the storm,” Trump said, according to CNN.
Reporters asked what they meant and Trump said: “It could be, the calm, the calm before the storm.”
The reporters pressed again, asking whether they were referring to Iran or the Daesh group, CNN reported.
Trump replied: “We have the world's great military people in this room, I will tell you that. And uh, we're gonna have a great evening, thank you all for coming.”
Once again, Trump was asked what they meant. They said: “You'll find out.”
Reporters were then ushered out of the room.
WASHINGTON: President Donald Trump made a cryptic remark Thursday about the present time possibly representing the “calm before the storm,” but declined to specify what specific crisis — if any — they were referring to.
Trump made the remark during a photo opportunity at the White House as they and First Lady Melania prepared to have dinner with military leaders and their spouses, following a meeting with the officers.
“You guys know what this represents? Maybe it's the calm before the storm,” Trump said, according to CNN.
Reporters asked what they meant and Trump said: “It could be, the calm, the calm before the storm.”
The reporters pressed again, asking whether they were referring to Iran or the Daesh group, CNN reported.
Trump replied: “We have the world's great military people in this room, I will tell you that. And uh, we're gonna have a great evening, thank you all for coming.”
Once again, Trump was asked what they meant. They said: “You'll find out.”
Reporters were then ushered out of the room.
PARIS: France on Monday called on Russia to stop military action in Syria and respect a fragile cease-fire brokered by Moscow and Turkey seeking to end nearly six years of war.
“We resolutely condemn everything Russia could do in Syria that would contribute to a continuation of fighting,” Prime Minister Bernard Cazeneuve said on France Inter radio.
The truce deal, which was welcomed unanimously by the United Nations Security Council, has been repeatedly violated since it began, with warring sides trading the blame.
Rebels on Saturday warned they would abandon the truce if the government side continued to violate it, asking the Russians, who support Bashar Assad, to rein in army and militia attacks in the valley by 8:00 p.m.
“We hope talks between separate Syrian forces will continue so the cease-fire can hold,” Cazeneuve said.
“We ask the Russians to stop taking part in military operations which are deadly operations,” they added, without specifying which actions in particular they were referring to.
Gardai are investigating two separate and unrelated incidents of women fighting in public. On Saturday, April 15, at 9pm in Ottomy Crescent in Clane two women were involved in an altercation. One fled the scene.
Meanwhile at the Willows, Castlefen, Sallins, on Sunday, April 16, just after midnight, two different females were involved in an altercation.
A Garda source said that there was a “large amount of alcohol involved”. In both cases, Gardai are seeking witnesses.
Image copyright Reuters
The SNP's Westminster leader has said they have had "productive" talks with RBS officials over its plans to close dozens of bank branches.
Ian Blackford said talks were "moving in a positive direction" and they were hopeful a breakthrough could be found.
It comes after RBS revealed plans to close 62 Scottish branches, including some in remote and rural communities.
Last month senior officials from the bank told a Westminster committee that they stood by the move.
State-owned RBS has insisted it is responding to changes in customer behaviour, including a rise in digital banking.
But Mr Blackford said many of the affected branches provided "vital" local services.
RBS declined to comment when approached by BBC Scotland.
Mr Blackford, who is MP for Ross, Skye and Lochaber, also revealed that they had been "bypassing" Prime Minister Theresa May and talking directly to RBS chiefs about the plans.
In December, Mr Blackford urged Mrs May during Prime Minister's Questions to tell the head of the bank that its decision to close branches was unacceptable.
Mrs May responded by saying that branch closures were a commercial decision and that alternative services were in place for vulnerable customers.
Image caption Mr Blackford said they had been "bypassing" the prime minister to talk directly with RBS officials
On Sunday, Mr Blackford accused the Conservatives of "letting Scotland down by failing to lift a finger to save these vital local banks from closure".
They added: "While the UK government refuses to take action, the SNP will continue our campaign to save these banks, which are hugely important for local people and businesses.
"That is why I have, for the past few weeks, been bypassing the prime minister to talk directly with RBS.
"Our discussions have been productive, and are moving in a positive direction.
"I am hopeful the concerns of our communities are being heard and that a breakthrough can still be found."
'Commercial decision'
An HM Treasury spokesperson said: "The decision to open and close branches is a commercial decision taken by the management team of each bank.
"The government does not intervene in these decisions. But we understand the impact that closures can have on communities and people's jobs.
"Banks must now give customers as much notice as possible when a branch is closing, and ensure they are made aware of the options they have locally to continue to access banking services."
Bellshill youngster Connor Fyfe may only be 11-years-old, but they are quickly making a name for themselves on the Scottish music scene.
Connor, who is in P7 at Mossend Primary, has been gigging regularly at Mick Hargan's events in King Tut's Wah Wah Hut in Glasgow and The Amethyst in Govan since August.
Last week they performed at the Canal Station pub in Paisley and on Sunday was supporting Neon Gyspy at the Classic Grand in Glasgow.
Connor first came to prominence two years ago representing Bellshilll and Mossend YMCA at the Cash for Kids busk in Glasgow Central.
The exhibit “Centennial Celebration of the National Founding of Mortar Board” will be on display until March 14 at the Southwest Collection/Special Collections Library.
The Forum was founded at Texas Tech in 1927 by Mary Woodward Doak, Dean of Women and a professor in the English department. The Forum chapter of Mortar Board at Texas Tech was chartered in 1957 and the organization became co-ed in 1975.
Mortar Board, the national college senior honor society, will celebrate 100 years of promoting academic achievement, leadership and service at its annual conference this August.
Vice President Mike Pence on Monday continued to defend President Donald Trump's response to the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia over the weekend, telling NBC News the president "made it very clear" they condemn "the KKK and white supremacists."
"The president made it very clear in their statement this weekend that we condemn all forms of hate and violence, particularly condemn, as we did yesterday, we condemned the hate and the violence and the bigotry of organizations that showed up in Charlottesville like the KKK and white supremacists," Pence said.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Pence on Charlottesville: Extremist Voices Will Be Marginalized 1:12 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"I truly believe that under President Trump's leadership, we're gonna continue to see more unity in America," Pence added.
Trump has endured a steady drumbeat of criticism from Republicans as well as Democrats for what they view as the president's tepid response to Saturday's clash between white nationalists and counter-protesters that killed one and injured 19 after an Ohio man allegedly drove their car through a group of counter-demonstrators.
The president's remarks Saturday faulted "many sides" for the violence, and they left the podium without addressing a shouted question about whether they would denounce support from white nationalists.
In an interview with NBC News on Sunday, however, Pence accused the news media of being more concerned with attacking Trump's response than than on condemning the violence itself.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed VP Pence Speaks on Charlottesville and Trump's Comments 2:11 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
On their arrival here on a weeklong tour of Latin America, Pence singled out "white supremacists" for the attack at a "Unite the Right" rally on Saturday, telling NBC News: "We will not tolerate hatred and violence of groups like white supremacists, the KKK and neo-Nazis. These extremist fringe groups have no place in the American debate."
Other Republicans, including Sens. Marco Rubio of Florida and Cory Gardner of Colorado, also expressed dismay with the administration's response.
Mr. President - we must call evil by its name. These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism. https://t.co/PaPNiPPAoW — Cory Gardner (@SenCoryGardner) August 12, 2017
Pence said they took issue with "the fact that many in the media are spending more time criticizing how the president addressed the issue yesterday."
"Many in the media spent an awful lot of time focusing on what the president said and criticisms of what the president said instead of criticizing those who brought that hatred and violence to the streets of Charlottesville, Virginia," Pence said.
Asked whether Trump should have identified white supremacists specifically as a subject of their comments, Pence said: "I think the president yesterday spoke to a national moment, words the American people needed to hear — that we condemn acts of violence, acts of hatred."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed White House Responds to Pressure After Fallout from Trump Remarks 2:20 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"The president called on our nation to look for ways to come together, to make sure that these extremist groups are pushed out of the public debate and not given the attention that they too often receive," Pence said, adding that Trump would continue calling for a "focus on what unites us, our commitment to freedom, our commitment to justice for all."
Attorney General Jeff Sessions said Monday that the president "made a very strong statement that directly contradicted the ideology of hatred, violence, bigotry, racism, white supremacy."
The president tweeted three times Monday morning, both of which failed to mention the deadly violence in Charlottesville.
"Heading to Washington this morning. Much work to do. Focus on trade and military. #MAGA," Trump tweeted. About 10 minutes later, Trump tweeted their support for Sen. Luther Strange, R-Ala., who is a candidate in the Republican primary Tuesday to fill the seat previously held by Attorney General Jeff Sessions. The president later blamed Democrats in a tweet for trade deals.
At a news conference with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos, Pence noted that Santos' son recently graduated from the University of Virginia, which is in Charlottesville.
"What happened yesterday in Charlottesville was a tragedy," they said. "It did not represent that community, and it didn't represent the United States."
Peter Alexander and Erika Angulo reported from Cartagena. Alex Johnson reported from Los Angeles.
Isaiah Whitehead's first three months in the NBA have represented an ongoing challenge, which the Brooklyn native continues to answer.
In 25 minutes Friday night, the Nets rookie displayed their trademark tenacity against the Wizards' John Wall, one of the premier point guards the rookie has been tasked with stopping this season.
Although Whitehead had their struggles — Wall crossed them over so badly that they ended up moving in the opposite direction — they also showed the physical tools that could make them an impact player.
With Wall attempting to back them down, Whitehead stood their ground like they have so many times before at Lincoln High School and Seton Hall, to force a turnover.
“He's Coney Island tough,” Nets coach Kenny Atkinson said. “He's a physically imposing guy. Wall tried backing them down and they just put their chest out and John turned it over. The special feeling for their demeanor excites you. When we are talking about development, and down the road, this kid has a chance.”
The reason for Atkinson's excitement is simple.
Whitehead has continued to improve from the first day of practice through the last game played.
The Seton Hall product has improved their points per game in every month of the season, going from 3.0 in October to 8.0 for the month of December.
Additionally, Whitehead has become more efficient on the offensive end, improving their shooting percentage from 33.3 percent in October to 47.6 percent in December.
It's in stark contrast to what Atkinson thought possible from the rookie guard after the draft.
“I'm thrilled with their progress, where that first week you were like, ‘Man this is going to be tough, is they going to be ready?' ” Atkinson said. “Now it's like, ‘Let's throw them out there,' and we're comfortable with that.”
In truth, injuries to Jeremy Lin forced Atkinson's hand.
Whitehead had to be thrust into action earlier than anticipated with the results decidedly mixed. After all, Whitehead had played just one year of point guard at Seton Hall before being drafted in June.
But much as they did in college, Whitehead has turned the early struggles into success. Those frustrating decisions on offense have been limited.
Their penchant for falling for pump-fakes has been corrected, and he's grown adept at picking others' pockets, averaging 1.1 steals per 36 minutes.
“I'm still learning,” Whitehead said. “There are a lot of things I could pick up. There are a lot of things I need to know, but I always thought I could play. I never would have left college if I didn't think I could play at this level.”
After starting 18-of-25 games they have played in this season, there isn't much doubt of Whitehead's ability to play at the NBA level.
 They are currently the Nets' assists leader, averaging 3.0 in 22.6 minutes per game and has shown the willingness to learn, taking advantage of opportunities to both compete and talk with elite point guards from around the league.
“He's street smart and he's a lot smarter than they let on to be,” Atkinson said. “He picks up things quick.”
“I just think that's the Brooklyn way,” Whitehead added. “You get after it, and you compete as much as possible.”
Following the Brooklyn way has led Whitehead to numerous awards during their career, including Mr. New York Basketball, McDonald's All-American, and Big East All-Rookie and first team honors.
Where it could take Whitehead in the NBA is anyone's guess.
A Joe Gormley hat-trick, including two penalties, helps Cliftonville defeat 10-man Crusaders 4-1 in the sixth round of the Irish Cup at Solitude.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Ali Sulaiman Mohamed assigned ambassador to France Ali Sulaiman Mohamed, commissioner of the Ethiopian Federal Ethics and Anti-Corruption Commission, has a new job as Ethiopia's ambassador to France. They would also be a non-resident ambassador to Spain, […] admin
The TPLF government has violated the human rights abuses in the prison The photo depicting the Ethiopian government's human rights record is a sign that the government of Ethiopia is guilty of crimes against humanity. According to the photo, innocent prisoners are […] admin
BREAKING NEWS: FEDERAL COURT RULES OPPOSITION LEADERS TO DEFEND PROSECUTORS' CHARGES, REDUCES BEKELE GERBA'S TERRORISM CHARGE TO CRIME Mahlet Fasil Addis Abeba, July 13, 2017 – In what was seen as a key decision involving the high profile terrorism charges against 22 mostly opposition party leaders and members, the […] admin
Food shortages and funding gap push extra 700,000 people to verge of starvation in Ethiopia In response to the newly released Humanitarian Response Document by the Government of Ethiopia, Oxfam's Humanitarian Program Manager in Ethiopia, Manish Kumar said: ‘'Yet another poor rainy season, the third […] admin
FOR THE SECOND DAY IN A ROW SEVERAL BUSINESSES IN AMBO CITY REMAIN CLOSED Addis Abeba, Several businesses in Ambo city, 120 kms west of the capital Addis Abeba, have spent a second day closed off for business, according to these pictures received exclusively […] admin
“My hands were tied up day and night” Dereje Merga #Ethiopia #FreeDereje #OfC #QilintoFire #OromoProtests Name: Dereje Merga Debelo Age: 29 Address: Addis Ababa, Yeka Sub City,Woreda 02 Current situation: Qilinto Prison The reason why I am jailed: They say […] admin
hands and legs with cord for three consecutive days” Kiber Alemayehu #Ethiopia #FreeKiber #HumanRights Name: – Kiber Alemayehu Age: – 36 years old Address: – Amhara Regional State, West Gojjam Zone, Mankussa Current situation: – held in Qilinto prison The reason […] admin
The Ethiopian Government arrest 34 senior officials for allegedly of corruption The Government on Tuesday arrested 34 senior government officials, businesspersons and brokers for alleged corruption amounting to more than 1.15 billion birrs. July 27, 2017 maleda times 0 Comments Edit […] admin
‹‹They beat me using a stick that has nails on it; the pain is still on my knee›› Agbaw Setege ‹‹They beat me using a stick that has nails on it; the pain is still on my knee›› Agbaw Setege #Ethiopia #FrerAgbaw #HumanRights Name: – Agbaw Setegn Berihun Age: – […] admin
People use newly installed automated security lanes at McCarran International airport — one of the airports where an Oregon man made harassing calls, reporting family members as terrorists because they were invited to a family wedding and they aren't, according to court documents. John Locher AP
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon, File). FILE - In this Sept. 15, 2017, file photo, Washington Capitals' Nathan Walker practices in Arlington, Va. Walker is set to become the first Australian player to dress in an NHL game when they make their debut Saturday night,...
(AP Photo/Nick Wass, File). FILE - In this Oct. 3, 2016, file photo, Washington Capitals' Nathan Walker (79) controls the puck against St. Louis Blues defenseman Carl Gunnarsson during the first period of an NHL preseason hockey game, in Washington. Wa...
By STEPHEN WHYNOAP Hockey Writer
ARLINGTON, Va. (AP) - Washington Capitals forward Nathan Walker will become the first Australian player to dress in an NHL game when they make their debut Saturday night against the Montreal Canadiens.
Walker grew up in Sydney after they and their family emigrated from the United Kingdom when they were 2. After their brother Ryan was exposed to the sport, it became clear Nathan had pro potential and they moved to the Czech Republic at age 13 to play minor and then junior hockey.
"It definitely made me a little bit more independent earlier on," Walker said. "I think it just made me mature quicker."
On the ice, Walker said practicing twice a day with HC Vitkovice's under-18 and under-20 teams helped their game mature.
"It's definitely a big jump," Walker said. "You've got a lot more time to work on your skills while you're younger."
Walker has played just seven games in the Australian Ice Hockey League back home. Internationally, they had six points in four games as Australia won the International Ice Hockey Federation World Championship Division II in 2011 and then two assists the next year in the IIHF World Championship Division I.
Walker said they haven't thought much about being the first Australian to play in the NHL.
"At the end of the day, I'm just another guy on the team, another guy in the league, another guy playing the sport we all love," Walker said.
Walker is no stranger to NHL history. After playing for the United States Hockey League's Youngstown Phantoms and American Hockey League's Hershey Bears, Walker became the first Australian selected in the NHL draft when the Capitals took them in the third round in 2014.
Washington general manager Brian MacLellan has noticed significant strides in Walker's game since then.
"He's developed into a good penalty killer," MacLellan said. "We've always liked their speed and their compete level, those were the two things that we really liked about him. They just continues to become a better player - better positionally, they read the game better, more intelligent on their reads - instead of being a pure energy player."
___
Follow Hockey Writer Stephen Whyno on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/SWhyno
___
For more AP NHL coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
THUNDER BAY, Ont. — Police in Thunder Bay, Ont., are appealing for witnesses to an assault to come forward after video of the incident was shared on social media.
Investigators say the cellphone video shows a male striking a female, but the time and date of the incident are not known.
They say it's believed the incident occurred in the vicinity of Water and Camelot streets.
Police say they are appealing to those who witnessed the incident to come forward and provide investigators with more information.
SANTA ANA, Calif. — A Southern California man pleaded not guilty Friday to the murder of a University of Pennsylvania student whose body was found buried in a shallow grave at a park not far from their family's home.
Samuel Woodward, 20, of Newport Beach was ordered held on $5 million bail with conditions including GPS monitoring, a curfew and a protective order for the victim's family if they are released.
Woodward is charged in the killing of 19-year-old college sophomore Blaze Bernstein, who was home visiting their family on winter break in Lake Forest. Authorities said the two attended the same high school but did not know if they were friends at the time.
Samuel Woodward appears in a courtroom for their hearing on Jan. 17, 2018, in Santa Ana, California. Jae C. Hong / AP
Bernstein was missing for a week after going out with Woodward the night of Jan. 2. Police searched for them with drone pilots and found their body at a park in the community 50 miles southeast of Los Angeles after rain partially exposed it.
Bernstein was killed with a knife. They were gay and Jewish and authorities are investigating the possibility of a hate crime.
During a brief hearing on Friday, defense attorney Edward Munoz sought a lower bail for their client, arguing that they were interviewed several times by sheriff's investigators before their arrest and didn't attempt to hide information.
Related: Suspect in Bernstein killing returned to scene of crime
But prosecutors opposed, noting that Woodward dyed their hair and changed their appearance after Bernstein disappeared and tried to evade surveillance by authorities before they were taken into custody.
"It's a horrific crime," said Steve McGreevy, senior deputy district attorney for Orange County.
Blaze Bernstein. Orange County Sheriff's Department / AP
McGreevy said authorities found a knife in Woodward's car and multiple knives in their home, but could not say if any were the murder weapon.
In a statement, Bernstein's family said it appreciated efforts to require the maximum bail and "meaningful" restrictions for Woodward.
"It gives us some measure of comfort to know that, should they be released, they will not be able to come near our family," the statement said. "Nevertheless, we are still concerned for the public's safety."
Woodward, who is currently held in jail in Santa Ana, is due back in court March 2.
At the hearing, they smiled upon seeing their lawyer and then sat out of view of the more than a dozen journalists gathered in the courtroom.
Munoz declined to comment after the hearing.
According to a court filing obtained by the Orange County Register, Woodward told investigators that they became angry after Bernstein kissed them the night they went to the park.
Earlier on Friday, Orange County District Attorney Tony Rackauckas declined to say whether authorities believe Bernstein was killed because they were gay, but said the case showed the need to change California law to include sexual orientation and gender as motivating factors for more serious murder charges that can carry the death penalty.
State Sen. Janet Nguyen said they were proposing legislation to make the change.
1:17
White House: Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver
2017-18 Women's Champions League
03.02.2018, 20:20
Buducnost maintain perfect home record « Go back » Print Version
GROUP 2 REVIEW: A comfortable victory against THC leads Buducnost to their first points in the EHF Champions League Main Round
» More information on » 2017-18 Women's CL
» Main Round
» Match Results
» Buducnost
» Thüringer HC
Read more » GROUP 2 REVIEW: A comfortable victory against THC leads Buducnost to their first points in the EHF Champions League Main Round Tweet
Buducnost maintain perfect home record Buducnost have not claimed any points away in the current EHF Champions League season, but their results on the home court are a different story. Following three wins in as many group phase games in Podgorica, the Montenegrin side kept their perfect home record as they beat Thüringer HC 29:21 in their second main round match on Saturday evening.
• Buducnost earn first points of the main round
• Buducnost's top scorer is Djurdjina Malovic with seven goals, Iveta Luzumova nets eight for THC
• THC will host Metz next week, while Buducnost play at Vardar
GROUP 2
Buducnost (MNE) vs Thüringer HC (GER) 29:21 (15:12)
Buducnost and THC had previously met eight times in the continent's top flight, and the Montenegrin team had won seven of those matches – including two in the 2016/17 season.
Despite their rebuilding process, Buducnost were seen as favourites for the game in Podgorica, and they lived up to this status by earning a confident victory.
The competition's top scorer, Iveta Luzumova, opened for THC, yet Buducnost quickly claimed the initiative. They capitalised on THC's mistakes and pulled ahead to lead 9:3, then 12:6.
Buducnost also looked shaky at times, which allowed the visitors to reduce the gap to 15:12 at the interval.
The game was balanced early in the second half, before the home team's goalkeeper, Darly Zoqbi De Paula, made a string of saves that helped Buducnost turn a 18:14 advantage into a commanding 24:14 lead, conceding no goals for 10 minutes.
While the German visitors had no chance for a comeback, Buducnost finished with an eight-goal score line in their favour.
The Montenegrin team are now level on six points with Metz and FTC – who will meet in France on Sunday. THC count two points in their tally.
TEXT: Sergey Nikolaev / cg
Share Tweet TEXT:
Rotorua International Stadium is set to come alive when the Māori All Blacks take on the British & Irish Lions on Saturday.
Head Coach Colin Cooper named their side today to face the Lions in the fifth match of the DHL New Zealand Lions Series.
The team is (*denotes new cap);
1. Kane Hames – Tasman (Ngāi Tuhoe/Ngāti Porou)
2. Ash Dixon (captain) - Hawke's Bay (Ngāti Tahinga)
3. Ben May – Hawke's Bay (Ngāti Maniapoto/Tainui)
4. Joe Wheeler – Tasman (Ngāi Tahu)
5. Tom Franklin - Bay of Plenty (Ngāti Maniapoto)
6. Akira Ioane – Auckland (Ngāpuhi/Te Whānau ā Apanui)
7. Elliot Dixon – Southland (Ngāpuhi)
8. Liam Messam – Waikato (Ngāi Tūhoe)
9. Tawera Kerr-Barlow – Waikato (Waikato/Ngāti Maniapoto)
10. Damian McKenzie - Waikato (Ngāti Tūwharetoa/Ngāti Tahinga)
11. Rieko Ioane – Auckland (Ngāpuhi/Te Whānau ā Apanui)
12. Charlie Ngatai – Taranaki (Ngāti Porou/Te Whānau ā Apanui/Te Whakatōhea)
13. Matt Proctor – Wellington (Ngāpuhi/Ngāiterangi)
14. Nehe Milner-Skudder – Manawatu (Ngāti Porou/Tapuika)
15. James Lowe – Tasman (Ngāpuhi/Ngāi Te Rangi)
Reserves
16. Hikawera Elliot - Counties Manukau (Ngāti Awa)
17. Chris Eves – Manawatu (Waikato/Tainui)
18. Marcel Renata – Auckland (Ngāti Whānaunga/Te Aupouri
19. Leighton Price – Taranaki (Waikato/Ngāti Maniapoto)
20. Kara Pryor – Northland (Ngāti Awa/Ngāti Pikiao/Ngāti Rangitihi)
21. Bryn Hall* - North Harbour (Ngāti Ranginui)
22. Ihaia West – Hawke's Bay (Ngāti Kahungunu/Ngāti Porou)
23. Rob Thompson* - Canterbury (Ngāti Kahungunu)
Hawke's Bay's Ash Dixon will captain the side which features just two new caps in reserves, Bryn Hall and Rob Thompson.
All Blacks Akira Ioane, Tawera Kerr-Barlow and Rieko Ioane have all been included in the starting line-up, which also features players Cooper said had adapted well to each other and the game plan throughout the week. This included starting Waikato's Damian McKenzie at first five-eighth.
For years, you probably have been told that wheat bread is far better for you than its white counterpart, but a small, new study suggests that maxim may not hold true for everyone.
For years, you probably have been told that wheat bread is far better for you than its white counterpart, but a small, new study suggests that maxim may not hold true for everyone.
Is white bread ok for some people?
Is white bread ok for some people?
When seasonal allergies strike, what remedy is right for you? The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has some answers.
When seasonal allergies strike, what remedy is right for you? The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has some answers.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration said Friday that it's working with the drug company Pfizer to remedy a shortage of important injectable medications, including emergency syringes of epinephrine.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration said Friday that it's working with the drug company Pfizer to remedy a shortage of important injectable medications, including emergency syringes of epinephrine.
Nothing spoils a trip faster than getting sick. And a good way to protect yourself is by getting certain vaccinations before you leave home.
Nothing spoils a trip faster than getting sick. And a good way to protect yourself is by getting certain vaccinations before you leave home.
Many children suspected of being allergic to the inexpensive, first-line antibiotic penicillin actually aren't, new research indicates.
Many children suspected of being allergic to the inexpensive, first-line antibiotic penicillin actually aren't, new research indicates.
Lots of things grow in the spring, including your risk of severe allergic reactions and asthma attacks. So people need to take preventive measures and know when to seek medical care, an emergency physician says.
Lots of things grow in the spring, including your risk of severe allergic reactions and asthma attacks. So people need to take preventive measures and know when to seek medical care, an emergency physician says.
Be smart when it comes to spring allergies and asthma
Be smart when it comes to spring allergies and asthma
We've all "caught" yawning from other people, but why that happens is unclear, according to a psychologist who has researched the behavior.
We've all "caught" yawning from other people, but why that happens is unclear, according to a psychologist who has researched the behavior.
People with diabetes are the ones who end up harmed by high list prices, high out-of-pocket costs and formulary restrictions
People with diabetes are the ones who end up harmed by high list prices, high out-of-pocket costs and formulary restrictions
Swimming is a great way to stay in shape while having fun and without stressing your joints.
Swimming is a great way to stay in shape while having fun and without stressing your joints.
Take your swim workouts to the next level
Take your swim workouts to the next level
Many doctors have internet portals to help patients manage their care. But that doesn't mean older folks will use them.
Many doctors have internet portals to help patients manage their care. But that doesn't mean older folks will use them.
(HealthDay News) -- Lots of things grow in the spring, including your risk of severe allergic reactions and asthma attacks. So people need to take preventive measures and know when to seek medical care, an emergency physician says.
"Spring tends to bring more people to the emergency department," Dr. Paul Kivela, president of the American College of Emergency Physicians, said in a college news release.
"Conditions like asthma and allergies are manageable for most people but they can easily become life-threatening. Minimize your risk by limiting your exposure to known triggers, carrying your medicines with you if needed, and developing an action plan for asthma and allergic reactions with your care provider."
Each year, asthma sends more than 1.8 million people to U.S. emergency rooms, according to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Kivela said people with asthma should go to the ER when: symptoms do not improve quickly after the use of rescue inhalers; they're straining to breathe or can't complete a sentence without pausing for breath; their lips or fingernails turn blue.
Picnics, barbecues, pool parties and other outdoor get-togethers can put some people at risk for a life-threatening allergic reaction (anaphylaxis), which is most often caused by a food allergy. It's estimated that a food allergy sends somebody to a U.S. emergency room every three minutes.
Insect bites and stings are another common cause of anaphylaxis.
Symptoms such as tingling, numbness or a metallic taste in the mouth may occur within minutes, but it might take up to several hours for life-threatening reactions to develop, according to Kivela.
Seek immediate emergency care if you or someone else develops any combination of the following symptoms:
Difficulty swallowing or breathing
Swelling of the tongue, throat, nasal passages or face
Welts, hives, itchiness, redness on the skin, lips, eyelids or other areas of the body
Bluish skin, especially the lips or nail beds (or grayish in darker complexions)
Nausea, stomach cramping, vomiting/diarrhea
Heart palpitations; weak and rapid pulse; confusion, slurred speech; dizziness, a drop in blood pressure, fainting or unconsciousness.
If someone develops anaphylaxis, call 911 immediately. And while you wait for first responders to arrive: lay the person flat and elevate the feet; administer self-injectable epinephrine (such as EpiPen) if available; check for a medical tag, bracelet or necklace that may identify anaphylactic triggers, Kivela said.
More information
The American Academy of Family Physicians has more on anaphylaxis.
Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
JONES MILLS, Pa. (AP) - A Pennsylvania man says they used flashing dashboard lights to mimic a police speed trap - but only so they could slow down vehicles speeding past their rural home and killing deer and endangering people.
Fifty-seven-year-old Ricky McMillen tells WPXI-TV (http://bit.ly/2z3i8zF ) that they used the flashing lights on their car because he's been complaining about speeders for years and getting few results. What they say they have gotten is very smelly deer carcasses along the road in Donegal Township, about 50 miles southeast of Pittsburgh.
State police charged McMillen on Thursday with impersonating a public servant and displaying improper lights.
McMillen says he's been using the lights for a while and they've worked well.
McMillen has been mailed a summons to appear for a preliminary hearing Dec. 15.
___
Information from: WPXI-TV, http://www.wpxi.com
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
VATICAN CITY — Almost all Vatican officials initially opposed Pope Francis' idea of bringing the Israeli and Palestinian presidents together for a prayer summit, they said in an interview published...
Most Americans use credit, so of course you would think that most Americans would know how things like credit scores work.
But as it turns out, people often make mistakes when it comes to credit and they're pretty common. How many have you made?
The first mistake is closing unused accounts. When you're done with a credit card, unless there's an annual fee, don't close the account and there are two reasons why you shouldn't.
Lowering your available credit can also lower your credit score. Credit history matters, so if that card has been with you for a long time, you don't want to close out the account, just stop using the card.
Another mistake is maxing out your cards. This can hurt your score. You're better off using half the available credit on two cards than all of it on one.
Another simple mistake is not reviewing your credit.
According to Credit.com, 40 percent of Americans don't take the opportunity to look at their free credit score. A lot of the reports have mistakes. Go and look at it and make sure it's OK here.
Another mistake is Cosigning loans or otherwise becoming responsible for someone else's debt. All downside, no upside.
And one last credit mistake is not getting help when you're in debt trouble. It's available for free. Ro learn more about credit mistakes, or how to find that free help, head to the Money Talks News Website and do a search for credit.
© 2018 Money Talks News. All Rights Reserved.
The Village Voice Editor-in-Chief Stephen Mooallem has quietly left the company, The Post has learned.
The former executive editor of Harper's Bazaar, who was hired in December 2016, exited in mid-March under what a company spokesperson described as “amicable” terms.
A successor has yet to be named, and currently the Voice news side is being run by a four-person team — senior editors Neil deMause and David Swanson, art director Ashley Smestad Vélez and copy editor Nina Pearlman.
The exit comes at a volatile time for the former alternative news leader, which closed the free weekly print edition last August.
Owner Peter Barbey has focused instead on the publication's digital presence, but in a crowded landscape it has been difficult to retain its relevance.
Mooallem was the Voice's third editor under Barbey, who in early 2016 replaced top editor with Will Bourne, who ran the paper for eight months before getting the boot.
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. — Willie Simmons is the new Florida A&M coach. The Tallahassee native will be formally introduced during a news conference on Tuesday.
Simmons has been the head coach at Prairie View A&M the past three seasons. The 37-year old played at Clemson and The Citadel before starting their coaching career. Simmons had a 21-11 in three seasons at Prairie View, including 6-5 this past season.
Simmons will take over a program that has not had a winning record since 2011.
Alex Wood resigned on Nov. 20 after going 8-25 in three seasons. The Rattlers were 3-8 this past season and 2-6 in the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference.
——
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
CEDAR CITY, Utah — Brandon Better and Dwayne Morgan combined to score 31 points as Southern Utah rallied late and then held off Idaho State 84-80 to halt a three-game skid in Big Sky Conference play on Saturday afternoon.
Trailing 64-53, Morgan scored seven straight points to spark a 19-4 run, capped by Morgan's two free throws for a 72-68 lead with 5:05 left. The Thunderbirds pushed their advantage to 79-72 as they held Idaho State to just four points over seven minutes.
Idaho State's Brandon Boyd made three consecutive free throws, Jared Stutzman nailed a 3 and Boyd followed with a layup to close to 82-80 with 12 seconds left. Better was fouled and made both free throws to seal the victory as Southern Utah made 11 free throws down the stretch.
Better had 16 points, hitting four from distance, and Morgan added 15 points. Jamal Aytes and Christian Musoko had 12 points apiece for Southern Utah (9-13, 3-8).
Stutzman had 23 points and Boyd added 22 for Idaho State (10-11, 5-5).
WARREN, Ohio (WYTV) – There have been no overdose deaths in over a week in Trumbull County — a small victory for people who live there.
There's a billboard along Route 422 in Warren that shows a woman overdosing, along with a phone number for those struggling with addiction to call. It's a testament to the problems plaguing the county of late — 189 overdoses in March and 26 overdose deaths between March 1 and April 2.
But the last overdose death was April 8.
“We're very pleased to hear that, obviously,” said April Caraway, with the county's Mental Health and Recovery Board.
Sheriff Paul Monroe said law enforcement is “ecstatic” to hear the county has gone that long without a fatal drug overdose. He's not optimistic that death by drugs is tapering off, though.
While they had no idea why the drop occurred, Caraway ventured a guess.
“Well, it was Easter and Passover, and maybe people spent time with their families and they weren't using,” they said.
Monroe said they're working to arrest and prosecute drug dealers, but that it's very difficult.
“Unfortunately, they are able to say and do things that are unlawful, and they threaten the safety of people that may work for us in an undercover capacity.”
Sheriff Monroe also mentioned they will be hiring someone new to run the county's drug enforcement operations due to “philosophical differences” on how the task force should be run.
When you walk into sustainable fashion brand Reformation's new store in the Mission district of San Francisco, you might be surprised to notice there is no cash register, and just one size of each clothing item is on display. There are also screens — lots of screens, inviting you to touch them.
Reformation has five stores across the country, but this newly opened location is the first to go high tech. CEO Yael Aflalo had been working for a couple of years on a way to "disrupt" the retail experience, Bree Richmond, Reformation's Vice President of Retail, told NBC News.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Retailers embrace high tech to lure customers into stores 3:40 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"We wanted to do something very different in the retail space. Something that no one has done before," said Richmond.
Customers at the new Reformation store can eye clothes on the rack like at a traditional store, but then use touchscreens around the store and in fitting rooms to select the size and color for any item. And, once that digital fitting room is created, a Reformation staffer in the store's basement will literally run the selected items upstairs and hang them from behind-the-scenes in the fitting room's "magic" wardrobe.
The wardrobe is built with proprietary technology: When a customer enters their fitting room, the items they selected are already there waiting, usually within two minutes. What the customer doesn't know is the wardrobe can be opened from both sides (don't worry: not at the same time), so it can be stocked from the back and then opened by a ready customer from the other side.
Each fitting room also has a personal touch screen that customers use to order a new size or color, or a new item altogether. And, to make you feel right at home, there's also a docking station for your phone and to play your own music.
"It definitely feels like you're shopping in the future," said shopper Molly Marrone, swiping their credit card with Reformation's entirely mobile payment system on the store's opening day.
High-Tech Options Encourage More Customer Spending
Innovating to entice customers is not just for novelty; it's a business decision. According to shopping analytics firm Shoppertrak, foot traffic at retail stores was down 57 percent between 2010 and 2015. Brands like Reformation hope integrating tech will keep customers coming back.
"I hope it feels different for them in a really positive way," said Richmond of their store's customers. "A shopping experience that they weren't expecting, but they actually really enjoyed."
Other brands across the country and online are following suit. IKEA's new Catalog App uses augmented reality to allow customers to virtually place and view 200 different IKEA products in their homes. All you need is a smartphone (unfortunately, no Swedish meatballs are included in the online app).
Shopping platform FaceCake has partnered with brands like NARS Cosmetics to let online shoppers try on everything from makeup to handbags. Using augmented reality and a camera-enabled device, online browsers can visualize products on their own moving image.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Death of department stores? Macy's, Sears, Kmart close dozens of local branches 3:24 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The 'Tried and True' of Retail Is No Longer Enough
Rebecca Minkoff's flagship store in Manhattan uses touchscreen technology developed by Oak Labs to replace standard mirrors with interactive surfaces. While shopping or in the fitting room, customers can touch the mirror to request alternative sizes, see style recommendations, change lighting or language, and even buy their products.
In an interview with NBC's Jo Ling Kent, Rebecca Minkoff said the "tried and true" of retail is no longer enough. "With multiple brands closing stores and brands not making it, I think if you are going into brick and mortar, that now is the time to embrace technology and figure out, 'What do you need to gain an edge on getting your consumer to come in?'"
Minkoff says when customers use the high-tech fitting room at their store, they buy on average three times more apparel than in a regular dressing room. And, Oak Labs has found customers spend 59 percent more if they engage with the Oak Mirror.
While retailers say this tech is designed to be easy to use, a shopper can opt out of the screens and seek help from a store associate at any time. "The technology is not to replace the human interaction," said Bree Richmond at Reformation. "If you don't want to use the touch screens, we're happy to do it on our end."
In this photo provided by the NFL, Aaron Donald of the Los Angeles Rams accepts the award for The Associated Press NFL Defensive Player of the Year presented by Old Spice at the 7th Annual NFL Honors at the Cyrus Northrop Memorial Auditorium on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Minneapolis. NFL via AP Michael Zorn
MOUNT PLEASANT, S.C. (AP) - It wasn't the Easter bunny that startled a South Carolina homeowner and their family. It wasn't even a burglar.
The Post and Courier of Charleston reports (http://bit.ly/2pbcRED) Susie and Steve Polston were worried that someone was trying to get into their home on Sunday. Instead, Polston's 16-year-old son found the intruder: a nine-foot alligator crawling on their second-story porch.
The family says the alligator climbed a back stairwell to the porch, crunched through the aluminum screen door and nestled between a sofa and a swinging bench.
State law requires a nuisance-trapped alligator to be killed, but the family didn't want that. The other choice was to wait it out, but the alligator was eventually euthanized.
Last year, an alligator rang a doorbell, while another fell asleep on a porch.
___
Information from: The Post and Courier, http://www.postandcourier.com
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
ORLANDO, Fla. (WESH) — On Friday at 8:57 p.m., police officers responded to a report of a sex crime happening at a Chick-fil-A restaurant on S. Kirkman Road and Conway Road.
According to the Orlando Police Department, officers spoke to a witness who said they saw a man standing at the urinal with a baby committing a sexual act.
The witness told police that an attempt was made to stop the suspect from committing the act. However, the suspect, David M. Gray, pulled a stun gun out, confronting the witness, and told the witness, “I will (expletive) kill you.” The witness feared for their safety, police said. Gray, who was in a wheelchair, allegedly left the bathroom and ran over the witness's foot with their wheelchair.
Another customer in the store was also yelling and said to, “call the police, a child is being abused in the bathroom,” according to the report.
According to police, there is probable cause to charge Gray with capital sexual battery, lewd and lascivious battery, lewd and lascivious molestation, lewd and lascivious conduct, lewd and lascivious exposure and child abuse.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
BACK TO TOP STORIES
TOPEKA, Kan. (AP) — The Latest on the Kansas Legislature's debate over increasing taxes to balance the state budget (all times local):
9:55 a.m.
Two key Republican lawmakers say a Democratic budget-balancing proposal to increase personal income taxes could pass the GOP-controlled Kansas Senate.
The tax increase before the Senate is larger than an income tax increase the House was planning to debate Wednesday.
The House plan would raise more than $1 billion over two years starting in July. The proposal from Senate Democrats would generate $1.2 billion in new revenues over two years.
But GOP Senate Majority Leader Jim Denning of Overland Park and tax committee Chairwoman Caryn Tyson of Parker said they believe the Democratic plan could pass with the help of new Republican senators.
Kansas faces budget shortfalls totaling nearly $1.1 billion through June 2019. Lawmakers in both parties are trying to balance the budget without cutting education funding.
___
8:25 a.m.
The Kansas House is considering proposals to balance the state budget that are designed prevent a cut in aid to public schools.
House members planned to debate a bill Wednesday that would raise personal income taxes to raise more than $1 billion over two years starting in July. They planned to debate another bill Thursday that would permit $317 million in internal government borrowing.
Kansas faces budget shortfalls totaling nearly $1.1 billion through June 2019. Lawmakers do not believe they can raise revenues quickly enough to close a gap of about $320 million projected for June 30.
Senate Republican leaders were pushing a budget-balancing plan last week that included a $128 million education funding cut. But they canceled a debate on it when support for the measure collapsed.
___
5:52 a.m.
Kansas legislators who favor balancing the state budget with a big income tax increase are preparing to test fellow lawmakers' appetite for such a fix.
The state House was planning to debate a bill Wednesday that would boost personal income taxes to raise more than $1 billion over two years, starting in July. The measure would abandon core policies championed by Republican Gov. Sam Brownback.
The measure has bipartisan support but Republicans in the GOP-controlled House are split.
Kansas faces budget shortfalls totaling nearly $1.1 billion through June 2019. The state has experienced persistent financial problems since Republican lawmakers slashed personal income taxes in 2012 and 2013 at Brownback's urging.
The bill would end an exemption for more than 330,000 farmers and business owners and boost income tax rates.
Buffalo Bills running back Reggie Bush has set an NFL record that is not likely to be repeated or something that they can be proud of.
Bush is the first running back in league history to finish the season with 10 more or carries and gain negative yards, according to Pro Football Reference.
They did not get a carry in the team's 30–10 loss in Buffalo's season finale against the New York Jets, so Bush finishes the 2016 season with 12 rushes for –3 yards, but they did score one touchdown, and that was a one-yard score in a Week 7 loss to the Miami Dolphins.
“It's tough,” Bush said last week. “I just didn't have a lot of opportunities this year. And so I'm not worried about that, finishing with negative yards or anything like that. If I had more opportunities, it would be a different story. But I didn't have that.”
The Bills this season led the NFL in rushing offense, yards per rushing attempt and rushing touchdowns. Buffalo also has missed the playoffs in each of the last 17 seasons.
– Scooby Axson
This article originally appeared on
Image caption The Hobbit has been trading for more than 25 years
A pub at the centre of a copyright row is in danger of closing due to the cost of repairs and business rates, its landlady has said.
Stephen Fry and Sir Ian McKellen stepped in to support The Hobbit in Southampton in 2012 in a dispute with a Hollywood film company which owned the rights to JRR Tolkien brands.
Landlady Stella Morris said repair costs and rates were "not sustainable".
Southampton City Council said it had applied the maximum discount in rates.
Ms Morris said "pure economics", along with changes in drinking habits, meant the Portswood pub was near "the end of the line".
They said the business rates bill was now £37,000.
"The business rates have got to a level where they are not sustainable with our level of trade. Rent and rates is nearly a quarter of our turnover.
"The building is enormous and the upkeep and the overheads are huge. It's got too much for us."
Image caption The pub was at the centre of a row over its use of JRR Tolkien images
A crowdfunding appeal has been set up online to raise £7,500 for the pub which has been trading for more than 25 years.
Southampton City Council said the pub qualified for a £1,000 discount as part of the business rate relief scheme announced in the Spring Budget.
A spokesperson added the council had "no discretion" to increase the reduction.
In 2012, the pub was threatened with legal action the Saul Zaentz Company which accused it of copyright infringement by using the name "The Hobbit" and other JRR Tolkien characters and film images in the pub.
Sir Ian, who plays Gandalf in the Lord Of The Rings films, described the film company's actions as "unnecessary pettiness" and Fry said it was "self-defeating bullying".
Ms Morris said the pub was still in discussions to conclude an agreement over the copyright issues.
Shooting instructor Frankie McRae illustrates the grip on an AR-15 rifle fitted with a "bump stock." Allen G. Breed AP
Sometimes points in the standings are earned almost single-handedly. That was certainly the case for the Rangers on Monday night at the Garden, and it came from an unexpected source.
Backup goalie Ondrej Pavelec made their fifth start of the season and was absolutely terrific in keeping their Blueshirts in a game when they were woefully outplayed by the Stars from start to finish. After Pavelec made 40 saves through the first 60 minutes, plus four more in a wildly frantic three-on-three overtime period, they could only stop one-of-three attempts in the shootout and their Rangers lost, 2-1.
The Rangers (16-11-3) were relying on Pavelec to play well — but they could hardly have expected them to play as well as they did. The backup was pretty much the only reason the Blueshirts were even in the game, as the Stars (17-13-1) held just a 1-0 lead going into the third period despite outshooting the Rangers 33-10.
“I expect them to play well,” coach Alain Vigneault said of Pavelec, who following up their 41-save performance in a 4-3 win in Pittsburgh last Tuesday, when they got a surprise start after Henrik Lundqvist came down with the flu. “Gave us a good game against Pittsburgh. Expect them to give us — like we expect all the time from our goaltenders — a chance to win the game. We have to be good in front of them and we have to play hard.”
Yet through the first 40 minutes, the Rangers were a mess. They couldn't execute a 10-foot pass, and were turning the puck over repeatedly as they tried to exit their zone. And still they managed to tie the game on a long Brady Skjei shot that deflected off the leg of Rick Nash and in with 3:41 remaining in regulation. Dallas coach Ken Hitchcock challenged the goal, thinking Nash interfered with Kari Lehtonen, but it was upheld and so improbably the game was knotted at one.
Before that, the Rangers' best chance to score had come when J.T. Miller had a breakaway at 9:00 of the second period, but their delayed move to the backhand was denied by Lehtonen.
Pavelec's early highlights included a trio of saves from in front on Remi Elie and Devin Shore late in the first period, and then a great left-arm save on Tyler Seguin during a Dallas power play late in the second.
But they were unable to stop defenseman Julius Honka from blasting a honking slap shot past them at 6:30 of the second period, which gave the Stars that 1-0 lead going into the third.
CHICAGO — A Chicago toddler was shot and killed on Tuesday in what police suspect was a “gang hit” on a man in a vehicle with her, just a few days after two young girls were shot in the head. It marked the latest spasm of violence in a city struggling to contain such attacks.
Chicago Police Department spokesperson Anthony Guglielmi said police suspect the man, a well-known gang member with an extensive criminal history, was the target of the shooting that also left a woman wounded.
No other details were released and they said no arrests had been made.
Over the weekend, two girls ages 11 and 12 were shot in the head by gunmen who were aiming at someone else in an area of the city known for heavy gang activity. The Cook County medical examiner's office says Takiya Holmes, 11, died early Tuesday at Comer Children's Hospital. The 12-year-old was in critical condition on Monday, but police have not updated their condition since.
The shootings highlight the street gang violence that police say was largely responsible for 762 homicides last year — nearly 300 more than occurred in 2015 — and more than 3,500 shooting incidents. That violence has continued this year, with January ending with 51 homicides, the highest total since January 1999 when there were 55.
Those kinds of numbers help explain why Illinois Gov. Bruce Rauner's office said they will announce on Wednesday in their budget speech a push to fund 200 more state police cadets to patrol Chicago-area expressways. In 2016, there were 51 shootings on those roadways, compared to 37 in 2015. State police have said that the gun violence in the city is spilling onto the expressways.
It is unclear how Illinois can find the money to pay for the new state troopers in the midst of a budget crisis. Rauner's office would not elaborate.
The violence on the expressways also prompted the Chicago Crime Commission to ask that state and federal officials find the money to purchase a high-tech “expressway video surveillance system.”
“An expressway video surveillance system would be designed to assist law enforcement in identifying and apprehending those responsible for the epidemic of shootings occurring on area expressways,” J.R. Davis, the chairperson and president of the commission, said in a statement.
The next time you buy a car, the dealer may ask if you want to buy, lease or subscribe. Subscribe? That's right: The auto-buying wave of the future may be getting a new car for every season.
And the trend is starting at a handful of dealers around the country.
One dealership offering this service says it's ideal for people who are quickly bored with their car, but can't afford to trade it in.
“You're going to have one monthly payment, but you are going to have access to over 20 different vehicles," said David Wyler, president of the Jeff Wyler Auto Group.
They say customers tell them they hate being stuck in the same car for four or five years, or more. With a subscription, they say, you have options.
"You get your choice of GMC Sierras, Jeep Wranglers, Jeep Cherokees, even some midline Mercedes-Benz cars and SUVs," they said.
New car for each season
For a lot of people, Wyler says, this would be a dream come true: an SUV for January, a convertible for the summer and if you need to move a student to college, a pickup truck for a couple of weeks.
Frank Wilson, the dealership's digital manager, says you can do it all from your smartphone, choosing the car you want that month, then waiting for it to be delivered to your home by valet (they also take the old one away).
Car buyer Brittany Meyer would love to swap out their Chrysler minivan.
"It's really cool, because you always want to try multiple different types of cars," they said. "Especially when you have a big car, sometimes you want a small car."
Costs and fine print
There's just one big downside: it's not cheap: $950 a month, double most car payments.
But it includes door-to-door service, all maintenance (you'll never pay for an oil change or tires) and, most importantly, they pay all insurance and taxes.
"You'll have full-coverage insurance, no matter what car you drive," Wyler explained, so that you don't have to readjust your insurance premium every couple of months based on what you are driving.
Wyler also points out that while $950 sounds like a lot of money, a five-year loan on a $50,000 SUV can cost $900 a month, if you don't make a hefty down payment. And insurance for many people is $100 a month.
We followed a valet taking a Mercedes SUV to the wife of a dealership employee, who was one of the first to sign up (and yes, they are paying the monthly fee).
"Oh, this is awesome," they said, as the SUV arrived at their home.
Trend of the future
Don't scoff: This could be how you drive a car 10 years from now.
Automotive News predicts many dealers will eventually offer a budget version, for about $400 or $500 a month. And Quartz says automakers like Volvo and Cadillac are already offering subscriptions of their own.
Budget-minded drivers in big cities are using the service Car2Go, where you just pay for a car when you need it.
Decide you are not happy with the car you just got? Decide you made a mistake? Just turn the car in and start over. That way you don't waste your money.
___________________
“Don't Waste Your Money” is a registered trademark of Scripps Media, Inc. (“Scripps”).
"Like" John Matarese on Facebook
Follow John on Twitter (@JohnMatarese)
For more consumer news and money saving advice, go to www.dontwasteyourmoney.com
One person was shot near Norton Hospital on Monday night. (Source: Miles Jackson/WAVE 3 News)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - LMPD detectives are investigating a shooting in which a man showed up at Norton Hospital with injuries.
Few details were immediately available, but LMPD spokesperson Dwight Mitchell said a black man in their 30s arrived at Norton just before 9 p.m. with gunshot wounds that are not life-threatening.
WAVE 3 News reporter David Mattingly said a car riddled with bullet holes -- at least 20 on the passenger side -- was parked just outside the hospital.
Mitchell said it's not clear where the shooting took place, adding that there are no suspects in the case just yet.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Governor Bello is a compound fool, high on cheap drugs – Dino Melaye
The Senator representing Kogi West senatorial district, Senator Dino Melaye has described their state governor, Governor Yahaya Bello as a compound fool under the influence of cheap drugs. Governor Bello had on Wednesday described Senator Melaye as a social deviate in the Senate, saying that their constituents were in the process of recalling him, because […]
Governor Bello is a compound fool, high on cheap drugs – Dino Melaye
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A Wigan mum is urging all parents to learn first aid skills after they saved the life of their baby son.
Alex McHugh, 34, from Highfield, received a prestigious St John Ambulance Hero Parent of the Year at the St John Ambulance Everyday Heroes awards in London after judges heard of their quick-thinking action.
Alex saved their seven-week-old son Joel's life after they stopped breathing when the family were getting into the car after the school run.
They performed Cardio Pulmonary Resuscitation (CPR) until the ambulance arrived, saving their lives, but only knew how to do this because just a day before, Alex had seen the St John Ambulance Nursery Rhymes Inc video which teaches CPR for babies.
The terrifying incident came after Joel was antenatally diagnosed with Congenital Cystic Adenomatoid Malformation (CCAM) a foetal lung lesion which required surgery while Alex was still pregnant with Joel, and a high risk surgery at three days old to remove most of their left lung.
Alex was among 10 other winners celebrated at the ceremony in London.
Alex said: ‘It's amazing to receive this award, I'm thrilled. People really need to learn first aid and the work that St John Ambulance does is fabulous.
Without the video they made, Joel wouldn't be here. I can't thank St John Ambulance enough.”
Alex was handed their award by TV presenter Zoe Hardman, who said: “Alex is absolutely inspirational – they are how we should all be, in terms of having first aid knowledge and knowing how to use it. She's my hero.
“First aid is something everyone should be doing and I wish I'd done it as a teenager. For me it's the most important thing; I tell every single person I come across to learn first aid.”
The annual Everyday Heroes Awards, supported by Laerdal, celebrated the nation's lifesavers, honouring community heroes, organisations and members of the public who have used first aid to help others.
To learn first aid visit www.sja.org.uk to find out more.
ZTE phones are well known for delivering great bang for the buck - the Axon 7 and$99 ZMAX PRO immediately come to mind. Now, there's a new ZMAX phone on the block, the Blade ZMAX, and it offers quite a few flagship-level features for only $129.
The Blade ZMAX sports a 6.0" 1080p IPS display that is topped by 2.5D Dragontail glass. It's powered by a 1.4GHz Snapdragon 435 and 2GB of RAM, and packs 32GB of storage with microSD expansion. The battery weighs in at a hefty 4080mAh, which should make for a long-lasting phone, especially since it's coupled with a 1080p panel. These specs aren't bad at all, and it's nice to see such budget-oriented phones get this much storage as standard nowadays.
Camera-wise, we get an iPhone 7 Plus-esque 16MP/2MP sensor combo that aims to deliver photos with depth-of-field effects. Your selfies will come courtesy of an 8MP unit up front, which is rather high in the megapixel count as far as front-facing cameras go. Other noteworthy features include capacitive keys (boo), a rear-mounted fingerprint sensor, USB Type-C with Quick Charge 2.0, and Android 7.1.1 Nougat. Oh, and yes, there is a headphone jack.
Want one? If you're on MetroPCS, you can pre-order it today at that $129 price. If you pre-register and end up purchasing it, you'll also get a free $25 Google Play gift card. The Blade ZMAX will be available in-store on August 28th.
Carli Lloyd sure won't feel lonely overseas.
The two-time FIFA player of the year is expected to join Manchester City on a short-term deal as early as Wednesday, according to multiple reports Tuesday. As the contract stands, they will be able to return to the Houston Dash of the National Women's Soccer League (NWSL) on June 1, less than halfway through the team's regular-season schedule.
Lloyd's stunning decision bookends the recent departures of US women's national team stars Alex Morgan to Olympique Lyonnais of France and Crystal Dunn to Chelsea. Heather O'Reilly, who retired from the national team in September, also left for Europe, signing with Arsenal last month.
Lloyd, 36, has played sparingly in their two seasons with the Dash due to a knee injury and national team commitments: the 2015 Women's World Cup, which vaulted the co-captain into player-of-the-year contention with their three-goal performance against Japan in the final, and the 2016 Rio Olympics.
With Manchester City, the reigning FA Women's Super League champion, Lloyd will gain exposure to competitive Champions League play and play alongside and against top internationals. Lloyd and Morgan could meet in the women's Champions League semifinals if each side wins its quarterfinal in March.
With Lloyd absent for the start of the NWSL season, the longest-standing American women's soccer league loses another big name in a crucial year for growth. The NWSL relocated the Western New York Flash to soccer hotbed North Carolina in January and announced a TV partnership with A&E Networks at the start of February.
Image copyright CALLUM BENNETTS
A team of students from Edinburgh University has unveiled its prototype for a new type of high-speed transport.
Its vehicle for the proposed hyperloop system will be the only UK representative in an international competition run by Elon Musk's SpaceX corporation.
The hyperloop concept involves magnetically levitating pods carrying passengers at hundreds of miles an hour. There are no windows because the pods travel down a steel tube in a near vacuum.
Several companies are vying to take the concept to the mass market. Not content with creating reusable rockets, SpaceX has constructed a hyperloop test track in California.
The Edinburgh students are heading there to race their capsule against prototypes from around the world.
Image copyright CALLUM BENNETTS Image caption Adam Anyszewski is president of Edinburgh's hyperloop team
Going on your holidays in a windowless pod travelling at hundreds of miles an hour inside a vacuum tube may not be your idea of fun, but Adam Anyszewski says hardly anyone looks out of the windows when travelling by plane.
Adam is president of Edinburgh's hyperloop team, known as HYPED.
They say: "It's a new mode of transport that's more energy efficient, less costly per mile to build and later on maintain and upgrade."
"The speeds could get you from the Central Belt to anywhere around London in 40 minutes.
"It promises to kick our transportation system into the 21st century."
Image copyright CALLUM BENNETTS
The prototype capsule they have created has taken shape in a university workshop. It most resembles a bobsleigh, albeit one with no way of looking out or steering.
It's long, low and glossy black, festooned with sponsors' logos.
Those sponsors and the university have helped meet the considerable cost of creating a highly sophisticated machine.
The students have given thousands of hours of their spare time to design, develop and build it.
Image copyright HYPED project Image caption The prototype capsule resembles a bobsleigh
Maisie Edwards-Mowforth is a second year mechanical engineering student and HYPED's chassis project manager.
They explain the reason for the glossy black finish: carbon fibre.
"We're using it for the strength-to-weight ratio so we can go a lot faster if the pod is a lot lighter.
"It's kind of a pain to make. It takes a lot longer than just buying aluminium channel but weight saving is the main reason - and the strength of carbon fibre as well."
The project is now in its third year and involves well over 100 students.
It has produced a prototype pod before but the latest one represents a leap forward.
Eliminate air resistance
Think of it like a train that hovers just above the rails to avoid the drag of friction. A linear motor drives it forward. The SpaceX tube track, enclosing an almost total vacuum, will eliminate air resistance.
Sophisticated electronics and programming have been designed to ensure a stable ride.
"The ultimate criterion is speed," Adam says.
"But we have diverted slightly from just achieving the top speed.
"We are trying to build something that could actually prove the technology rather than just make a carbon fibre bullet on wheels like some teams do, just to win the competition."
The idea of a "vactrain" dates back more than a century. It was first proposed by the American physicist and engineer Robert Goddard, better known for their pioneering work in rocketry.
The concept was given new life by Elon Musk. Their SpaceX and Tesla corporations produced a white paper laying out how it could work.
The global competition represents a bold new attempt at innovation, effectively crowdsourcing it.
Success is not guaranteed. Some seemingly groundbreaking transport concepts such as monorail have only seen niche success at best. Others, like Scotland's Bennie Railplane, never got past the prototype stage.
Whatever ultimately happens with hyperloop, it is already benefiting the team members - and not just science and engineering students.
HYPED is an interdisciplinary project that also involves students from disciplines like law, marketing, art and business. Members come from many nations and from every school at the university except divinity.
A spinout company has now been set up to take the technology towards the market. Adam says hyperloop could be integrated with other transportation systems.
It appears the future could be arriving at great speed.
Why we should think of our brains as a muscle that needs training
“We understand what it's like to go to the gym a few times a week and look after our physical bodies, but we need to start looking after our minds — they've never been under this much strain, where the world is quicker than ever."
Just like our body, our mind needs regular exercise and daily attention, says Jamie. "To be able to manage your mind is a skill like any other skill and we've forgotten that. Why wait until you feel terrible to do it?
Our mind needs regular exercise and daily attention. To be able to manage your mind is a skill. Our mind needs regular exercise and daily attention. To be able to manage your mind is a skill.
The goal of exercising your mind is not to find happiness, which Jamie describes as a transient emotion. "All of our emotions are transient. There's no such thing as a bad emotion," they say. "When we don't feel happy we panic, but it's about accepting that we are always in different stages but knowing that it will pass. Happiness is not perfect; it doesn't exist when you get that job or the house or the car … we're always putting happiness off because we're always in this rat race to get there.”
By taking a time out each day to perform some brain training exercises, Jamie's hope is that the simple process will help you accept when thing aren't perfect and give you a different metric for success (one that supports happiness rather than perfection, which will ultimately make you happier in the long run).
“We're always in ebbs and flows, that is really important. Sometimes when we're not feeling good, we panic and we make things worse,” says Jamie. “[This process is] about accepting: I don't have that much energy today, or yes, this week hasn't been great, but maybe next week will be better. We all mess up, and that's okay.”
7-steps to a clearer mind
"By accepting how you feel, studies show that you start reducing the emotional impact,” says Jamie. And this seven-step process is designed to walk you through this journey of checking in with yourself, processing the emotions and letting them go.
Ready to give it a try? Follow these seven simple steps to help train your mind to release worries, get a fresh perspective and feel happier in just a few minutes a day.
Step 1: Internal check in
How are you feeling: Insecure? Excited? Rejected? Meh? Happy? Stressed? Anxious? Heartbroken? Angry? Sad? The first step to a clearer mind is to recognize the emotion that you're feeling. Research shows that when you label the emotion you're feeling it allows emotional processing to start taking place helping you to feel better. Remember, there is no such thing as a bad emotion, they're all temporary.
Step 2: Breathe
Slow, smooth breathing is the quickest and easiest way to calm your stress response and activate your rest and relax system in just a few seconds. Use the "belly breath" technique in a five-count breathing pattern. Relax your shoulders. Inhale slowly for 5 counts, exhale slowly for 5 counts. Remember to belly breathe, letting your stomach expand and shrink back down with each breath. Imagine a paper bag slowly filling with air, and then deflating. Focus on breathing this way for at least 30 seconds.
Step 3: Write and let go
This is your moment to unclutter your mind and release any thoughts or feelings you're experiencing. Whatever your emotion is, write down why you feel this way: What's been going on? What are you stressed about? What happened to make you angry? Write down the first thing that comes to mind. Journaling activates the computer side of your brain which helps calm the emotional center further helping you gain more clarity. Have it written down? Now rip that paper up. Release the emotion.
Step 4: Reframe with gratitude
“This is when you redirect: What do you have? What can you be grateful for?” says Jamie. Get your happy hormones flowing by writing a gratitude list. This part of the routine is about focusing on the positive as it's easy to forget the good things in our lives (especially when we're stressed or anxious). Write down something or someone that makes your life better. What are you grateful for today?
Step 5: Play
Now it's time for a quick mindful mini game that helps you get your zen on. From art therapy to quick focus challenges, there are many activities that can disrupt thinking and bring you back feeling more balanced. Draw your favorite memory, your happy place or a smiling face. Play a game like a crossword puzzle or a round of Candy Crunch on your phone. Listen to your favorite song and hum along to it.
Step 6: Compassion challenge
Shift your perspective through compassion exercises that trigger a release of dopamine and a boost to self esteem. Choose one of the following written challenges:
We challenge you to forgive someone today — you don't need that extra baggage.
What would you tell a friend if they were feeling like you do now?
We challenge you to let someone know that you appreciate them.
Self-love time: Give yourself a compliment.
Step 7: Good vibes
“What can you do for someone else? In a generation that's been indoctrinated with selfies and narcissism, if you're thinking about someone else you can't be worried about your own problems,” says Jamie. Studies have also found that those who think of others the most were happier. This is your moment to make someone's day with a “thinking of you moment.” No matter how we feel, we always have the power to make someone else feel better, says Jamie. Make someone else feel better by sending them a text or email with a positive note.
More stress busting tips
Want more tips like these? NBC News BETTER is obsessed with finding easier, healthier and smarter ways to live. Sign up for our newsletter and follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
TAMPA (WLFA) – If you travel on the Veterans Expressway, your commute to work may be quicker this week with the opening of the much-anticipated Express Lanes.
There is now an additional travel lane each direction.
The new lanes are located on the far left next to the passing lanes. Their purpose is to provide a quicker ride because they bypass several exits.
If drivers are heading southbound, they can enter the express lanes at Gunn Highway. The next available exit will be at Highway 60 which is the Memorial Highway portion of the road, just before Interstate 275.
If drivers are traveling northbound, they can enter the express lanes at Hillsborough Avenue and the next available exit will be Gunn Highway.
For drivers wanting to try out the new lanes there are some important rules to follow:
Drivers must stay in the express lanes and not cross over into the regular lanes. Drivers can use the left shoulder for emergencies. Drivers need a mounted SunPass transponder or other approved transponder Toll by Plate and Cash Only services not be available on the Express Lanes Only two-axle vehicles re allowed
This is the first phase of a six-phase improvement project. For now, drivers will not be charged extra for using the express lanes, making it a perfect time to try it out.
The second phase of the project is expected to be completed in the spring, and will extend lanes from Gunn Highway to Dale Mabry Highway. At that point, drivers will pay what's called a dynamically priced toll. Which means the busier the traffic, the more expensive your toll.
If you have a traffic concern or a speeding concern contact WFLA Traffic Reporter Leslee Lacey on their WFLALeslee Facebook page.
MORE TOP STORIES:
Image copyright North East CTU Image caption Zameer Ghumra told children they had a duty to kill people who insulted Islam
A man who showed a beheading video to a child has been jailed for six years.
Pharmacist Zameer Ghumra, of Leicester, tried to brainwash primary school-age children into supporting the so-called Islamic State.
Ghumra, 38, who told boys they should kill people who insulted Islam, was convicted at Nottingham Crown Court of disseminating "terrorist propaganda".
Judge Gregory Dickinson QC said it was a "determined effort" to radicalise children and turn them into terrorists.
They said the targeting of children made the case "particularly serious".
"These were shocking crimes which damaged the children and caused offence to the vast majority of law abiding Muslims," the judge added.
They also noted there had been an "absence of remorse" from Ghumra.
Image copyright North East CTU Image caption The court heard Ghumra posted pro ISIS content on social media
The court heard one of the boys had been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder and another was finding it difficult to sleep and was "afraid of snipers".
During their trial the prosecution said Ghumra "brainwashed" the children, instructing them to not have non-Muslim friends and asking if they wanted to join IS or help recruit others to its ranks.
The older boy described being shown "horrible and disgusting" beheading videos, and said they asked Ghumra "how can you behead people?".
They said the pharmacist replied: "If you truly believe in Allah, you can do it."
Ghumra also followed various IS-linked social media accounts and made the two children follow similar accounts.
Image caption Zameer Ghumra was jailed for six years at Nottingham Crown Court
The jury was told Ghumra had rented out houses with the intention of setting up a madrasa - an Islamic religious school.
Ghumra, of Haringworth Road, was convicted of disseminating "terrorist propaganda" in the form of a graphic Twitter video on their mobile phone, between January 2013 and September 2014.
Det Ch Supt Martin Snowden, head of Counterterrorism Policing North East, said Ghumra "willingly abused a position of trust" by showing children "a violent and explicit beheading video with no regard for the profound effect the disturbing material may have on them".
"That act alone is unforgivable," they added.
"His teaching role increases their risk, potentially giving them direct access to young or vulnerable people who may look up to them as an authority figure."
A notorious leader of a dreaded cult group, Gani Elese was shot dead by security operatives during a gun duel in Owo area of Ondo state has been released.
No fewer than five other members of the group who escaped reportedly sustained gun injuries during the shoot out. The deceased was said to have being responsible for series of murder cases in the town.
They were said to have run other cult groups out of the town and claimed supremacy over other minor cult groups.
News of the death of Gani in the gun battle made the people of the ancient town to heave a sign of relief.
The deceased and their gang have reportedly been terrorizing the people of the town in recent times.
They were said to have been killed after Police detectives acting on tip off stormed their hideout located at Jugbere camp, a farm settlement close to the state forest reserve area.
Reports had it that detectives from the anti-robbery team from the Owo divisional police station with the assistance of vigilante group stormed the hideout and engaged the deceased and their group members in the shoot-out.
Meghan Markle is reportedly set to join boyfriend Prince Harry at the reception after Pippa Middleton's upcoming wedding.
It was previously reported that the Suits actor would not be attending the 20 May nuptials because of Pippa and fiance James Matthews' “no ring, no bring” policy, meaning that as they and Harry weren't engaged, they would be unable to go to the wedding.
However, it has now been reported that while Meghan won't be joining Harry at the actual wedding ceremony, to be held at St. Mark's church in Englefield, England, they will be on their arm for the reception later in the evening, according to People.com.
Britain's Hello! magazine were the first to report that Meghan was planning to attend the wedding in some capacity, after requesting a week off from shooting their hit U.S. TV show.
The claims come after Harry missed the royal Easter tradition of the royal family attending a service at Windsor Castle's St. George's Chapel alongside Queen Elizabeth II, instead flying to Toronto, Canada, to spend the holiday with Meghan. Their decision to miss the annual tradition has also fuelled claims the pair are planning to get engaged, with Meghan's recent moves such as shutting down their lifestyle website and quitting their ambassadorial role for a skintight leather clothing range suggesting they are attempting to ensure their life is more aligned with the royals.
Pippa's wedding is sure to be a massive draw for photographers worldwide, especially after the recent confirmation that their sister Catherine, the Duchess of Cambridge's, two children, Prince George and Princess Charlotte, are in the bridal party.
A representative for Catherine and husband Prince William's London residence, Kensington Palace, confirmed three-year-old George will serve as a page boy, while little Charlotte, who turns two on 2 May, will be a bridesmaid.
It is not believed the Duchess will be a part of the bridal party, preferring instead to let their kids shine alongside their aunt, who caught the world's attention by wearing a figure-hugging Alexander McQueen dress as Catherine's maid of honour at their 2011 wedding to Prince William.
Pippa, 33, and their 41-year-old fiance, the brother of British reality star Spencer Matthews, became engaged last July during a romantic weekend getaway to the U.K.'s Lake District, where James popped the question with a diamond sparkler reportedly worth over US$250,000.
They had been dating for less than a year, but had previously enjoyed a brief romance back in 2012.
Most people subscribe to Netflix to binge-watch “Stranger Things.” But one person in the U.K. used it to watch “Bee Movie” every day.
According to Netflix's year in review, one subscriber watched the Jerry Seinfeld-voiced animated flick 357 times in 2017. That's every day so far!
“Bee Movie” didn't generate much buzz when it was released in 2007, but 10 years later, it's apparently resonating with someone out there.
It begs the question: Why would one spend their 2017 watching a bee cartoon? Is the person an avowed apiologist? An aspiring beekeeper? Did they lose a terrible bet?
We're guessing an obsessive kid is behind the repeat viewings. On the bright side, maybe the parents dodged the “Frozen” bullet?
Two soldiers were killed and six others were injured in a “tragic accident involving a military vehicle and a troop formation” at Fort Jackson in South Carolina Friday, the military said.
Two service members remain in critical condition in the accident at the facility outside of Columbia, the military said in a statement. Those injured were evacuated to a hospital outside of the military base. Public affairs officer Pat Jones said that it appears a vehicle collided into a troop formation at around 4 p.m.
"Our hearts and prayers go out to the families of the soldiers we lost today and to the families of the injured, they represent the best of our Nation and we will endeavor to support all those affected through this difficult time," U.S. Army Training Center and Fort Jackson Commander Maj. Gen. Pete Johnson said in a statement.
The Army said they are withholding the names of the dead and injured until they can notify the soldiers' next-of-kin. They added that they would thoroughly investigate the cause of the accident.
Congressman Joe Wilson, R-SC, shared their condolences in a statement posted on Twitter.
"Roxanne and I are deeply saddened by the news that two brave soldiers lost their lives at Fort Jackson," Wilson said. "We are forever grateful for their sacrifices — and those of their families. We ask that everyone keep the six service members who sustained injuries in their thoughts and prayers in the days ahead."
Fort Jackson is a military installation known for providing Basic Combat Training via the U.S. Army Training Center. The base provides 36,000 soldiers basic training and 8,000 soldiers advanced individual training every year, according to the base's website.
The barracks also includes the Army Drill Sergeant School, the 81st Regional Reserve Command, the Armed Forces Army Chaplaincy Center and School and the National Center for Credibility Assessment.
Approximately 3,500 active-duty soldiers are assigned to Fort Jackson full-time, according to the base.
After a series of unhinged tweets yesterday, Roseanne has been summarily fired from ABC and their rebooted sitcom cancelled. The topics their tweets covered ranged from how former Obama aide Valerie Jarrett was a Muslim ape, to how Chelsea Clinton was secretly married into the Soros family, retweeting fake memes about turning America into an Islamic state, and more! If you were just waking up from a 20 year coma, this all might come as somewhat shocking news....unless you've been paying attention to literally anything Roseanne has been saying at all for the past 5 or so years.
ABC, for their part, acted shocked that Roseanne would tweet such bizarre and abhorrent things. And why shouldn't they? It's not like they knew they were like this beforehand, right? We managed to dig up a transcript of the first meeting ABC execs had with Roseanne to discuss the new reboot - and that should shed some light on things:
ABC Executive #1 Roseanne! Thanks so much for coming in! Roseanne LIBERALS ARE DOING PIZZAGATE. THEY ARE ALL PEDOPHILES. ABC Executive #2 Haha, great great. Classic Roseanne. Anyways, we've been thinking... Roseanne NANCY PELOSI IS A REPTILE PERSON. Them EYES ARE REPTILE EYES. ABC Executive #1 Amazing - always being outrageous! Love it! Anyways, we were talking and we think we landed on a great idea - let's reboot Roseanne! Roseanne HILLARY CLINTON MURDERED SETH RICH ALONG WITH MUSLIM OBAMA ABC Executive #2 Ha! She's still got it! Anyways, it's 20 years later - and Dan's alive! We can mostly ignore that last season - Roseanne NUKE ALL LIBERAL COLLEGES. GEORGE W. BUSH DID 9/11. ABC Executive #1 Uh huh, yeah, sure sure! Anyways, we were thinking of putting it on after The Middle. Roseanne SUSAN RICE IS A MAN AND HAS APE BALLS. ABC Executive #2 ...you're gonna stop saying all of this stuff once the show's on the air, right? ABC Executive #1 I mean, sure, you're an insane racist spreading dangerous unfounded conspiracy theories NOW - but you'll stop once you're a network sitcom star again, right? ABC Executive #2 Most unhinged racists are great at keeping their opinions to themselves once they get rich, right? Roseanne QANON IS REAL, CHRISSY TEIGEN IS A SECRET PEDOPHILE ABC Executive #1 Great! We're just gonna pretend we were unaware of all of this and hope you just magically stop saying this stuff! Deal? Roseanne OBAMA IS A NAZI ABC Executive #2 Deal!
And just so you know - these were all real things Roseanne was saying before their sitcom was put back on the air. Great job ignoring these, ABC!
Have your say
A motorcycle and a car were damaged by fire in Grantham this morning.
A Grantham fire crew attended the incident at about 6am in George Street.
A Lincolnshire Fire and Rescue Service spokesperson said the motorcycle was severely damaged and the bonnet and bumper of the car were also damaged.
The crew used one hose reel and one breathing apparatus to extinguish the fire.
There are no reports of any injuries.
5 reasons Adam Sandler & Drew Barrymore love working together In Friday's “Blended,” Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore once again pair up on-screen. This marks the third time they'll fall in love, following “The Wedding Singer” and “50 First Dates.”...
Sandler and Barrymore lead badly 'Blended' rom-com At a tender interlude in “Blended,” an adorable motherless little girl asks a sweet lady to rub their head while they go to sleep, “so I have good dreams.” The...
Image caption The review of services has drawn protests in Withernsea
An East Yorkshire MP has asked to meet health bosses over concerns about changes to services in the county.
The call comes after Withernsea's minor injuries unit was downgraded to an 8 to 8 Centre in April, by Yorkshire Clinical Commissioning Group (CCG).
Graham Stuart MP said: "I am extremely concerned by reports of conflicting referrals, unnecessary delays and long trips for patients."
The NHS said the new centre may not be suitable for every patient.
More stories from East Yorkshire and northern Lincolnshire
The 8 to 8 centre does not take walk-in patients but provides a bookable service for minor injuries in the town.
Patients must ring NHS 111 for advice on where to go for treatment, according to the CCG's website.
Mr Stuart, Conservative MP for Beverley and Holderness, said: "From what I have heard from Withernsea residents and councillors local patients are not seeing the benefits of this service."
It has generated "dozens of complaints", according to a local councillor.
Lyn Healing, a Conservative councillor for South East Holderness who lives in Withernsea, said residents who had contacted them "are all confused, frightened and angry".
The greatest problem was phoning NHS 111 and being diverted to Beverley or the Hull A&E "for a plaster and some antibiotics", they said.
Hull Royal Infirmary is more than 18 miles (29km) from Withernsea.
Carole Wauldby, of Hull City Health Care Partnership, said "What can happen is as the patient is asked questions the answers may identify that they have a higher level of need.
"So where people are saying that the 8 to 8 centre isn't there, it's because it's not suitable for them not that it's not open."
RIYADH: Saudi Arabia is opening a new page in its history, Sophie Le Ray, founder of the WIL Series, said as they opened the Women's Economic Forum in Riyadh on Monday.Le Ray said that the GCC countries were creating jobs and making it easier and more socially acceptable for women to join the workforce. Saudi Arabia was opening a new page in its history, making remarkable social changes and highlighting its determination to move forward to a more prosperous future, they said.“The empowerment of women is one of the keys to the modernization objectives set out in the ambitious Vision 2030 and National Transformation Program,” they said.“Economic performance, innovation, creativity and the economic landscape of the Arab world will be transformed by the skills, talents and labors of women.”Ten years ago, this inaugural forum was held in Dubai, only attended by women, they said. “Ten years later, we have both genders from all over the world to discuss and champion diversity. It's a community which is captivating everyone.”“Empowering women and moving toward a more inclusive society is just smart economics. We are past the point of just conversation, today is about action,” they said.With 900 people registered to to attend the forum, the attendees were looking forward to hearing from the panel of speakers. A student studying at Dar Al-Hekma University flew in from Jeddah to attend. “I'm very excited to attend and learn,” they said.She said that they looked forward to finishing their B.A, then masters, and they hopefully would open their own company.Hadley Gamble, a reporter for CNBC, said: “Men must be our allies; we can work together and change this dynamic and narrative.”She added: “We can't understate the importance of what Mohammed bin Salman did.”Yasser Mufti, vice president, strategy and market analysis at Saudi Aramco, said: “Aramco has made much progress in gender diversity. I went back to marketing, in Aramco Trading, and became a CEO. There was a significant change, one third of the floor were women; we had 170 female employees in Dhahran in various sectors.”“Seize the opportunity you are given” is the crucial piece of advice that they have given to women and also male counterparts. “With determination you will succeed, and inshallah make Vision 2030 a reality.”“This can't be about quotas, it's about empowering women and hiring women and putting them in management positions. Hire the right people for your team. We have a lot of educated women and it's going to be tough to choose. We are going to need our male allies to come to the floor and help us with that.”
When activist Hugo Castro left their home in San Diego for Tijuana, it was just the most recent of their forays to help to struggle immigrants in Mexico.
They said they intended to join a caravan escorting Central American migrants on the dangerous passage north to the U.S. border.
But more than a week after leaving home — and after they posted an frantic Facebook video saying they had been threatened by unidentified marauders south of Mexico City — family members and fellow activists are worried and have reported Castro missing.
It's been a week since Castro, a 40-year-old U.S. citizen, was last in touch with the San Diego-based non-profit where they work as a volunteer. Their supervisor at Border Angels, Enrique Morones, said the father of four clearly seemed distressed, but that no one knows what has become of him.
Castro has been reported missing to consulates of both U.S. and Mexico on both sides of the border, to the Mexican Human Rights Commission and to that country's national police, Morones said.
Hugo Castro's missing poster reads, "Wanted. Seen for the last time on a live steam April 13 at 4:28 pm." Border Angels
Their partner told KPBS radio in San Diego they are scheduled to meet Tuesday morning in Mexico City with federal prosecutors to review security camera video that they hope will give clues as to theirs whereabouts.
In their own 20-minute video, posted on Facebook Thursday afternoon, Castro says in Spanish, "I was threatened. They want to kill me," adding a short time later: "I need help. I need help."
Castro's partner, Gaba Cortes, told KPBS that they missed a phone call Friday afternoon but called the number back and reached a taxi driver, who told them that they had driven Castro to Mexico City. The American reportedly said they still planned to head to the rendezvous point for the immigrant caravan, in the town of Querétaro, which is about 130 miles northwest of the capital.
In the Facebook video, Castro appears alongside a freeway and says they are the road that connects Mexico City with the city of Puebla, to the southeast. The American reports that their cell phone battery is running low and that they do not have a lot of money.
They mention others who have disappeared in Mexico and says, "Please, someone come. . . . I don't know what else to say."
Castro has been working odd jobs to pay the bills but devoting most of their time over the past decade to aid immigrants in Mexico, according to Morones. Both men work for Border Angels which, according to its website, is an "all-volunteer, non-profit organization that advocates for human rights, humane immigration reform, and social justice."
Castro had been featured a week ago by KPBS for their work aiding Haitians stranded in Tijuana and Mexicali after the U.S. toughened entry rules on the Caribbean refugees. The story depicted Castro bringing food to shelters and confronting an aid worker who appeared to no longer be welcoming the foreigners.
Castro said that they did not believe in the leaders of Mexico or the U.S., adding: "But I do believe in the people. So we, the people, el pueblo, are the ones who are bringing the change."
Morones said it was not uncommon for volunteers working along the border to be threatened by smugglers and others who making money by preying on migrants. "About three weeks ago, Hugo was threatened," Morones said. "He was trying to help these Haitians and people who were trying to take advantage of them said 'It's none of your business. Stay out of it.' " Morones said they told the volunteer to file a police report about the intimidation.
In joining the caravan escorting Central Americans from Querétaro, Castro intended to raise awareness about the plight of the migrants, many of whom cannot get asylum in the U.S. Smugglers and others have robbed, raped and beaten the immigrants.
Castro's sister, Angie Velazquez, said via email that their brother had helped hundreds of people, but they declined to "brag about it" or seek attention.
"He has the kindest heart," they said. "He helps, whether they know you or not; they help with no strings attached."
The highlight you see above was dubbed hockey's version of the “Hail Mary,” and that seems pretty fitting.
During the first period of Bruins-Senators Game 3 in Boston, Ottawa defenseman Erik Karlsson stretched the field and heaved a bomb down the ice from their own goal line. That major sauce pass landed perfectly on the stick of a streaking Mike Hoffman at the opposing blue line with nobody in front of him.
The pass was absurd, but the finish was nearly just as good.
One day after Alex Radulov channeled Peter Forsberg with a sick one-handed goal, Hoffman did the same to beat Tuukka Rask on the breakaway. The highlight-reel goal gave the Senators an early 1-0 lead and took a lot of air out of a loud building in Boston.
It's certainly not the start the Bruins wanted, but it's hard to mad at a goal that pretty.
A first-half goal from Andrew Waterworth proves enough to ensure Linfield's passage into the quarter-finals of the Irish Cup at the expense of Championship side Newry City.
APC Chieftain urges Nigerians to own up ongoing war against corruption
A chieftain of the Progressives Congress (APC) in Niger, Kabiru Rijau, says Nigerians must own up ongoing fight against corruption, to save the country from collapse. Rijau said in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN) in Minna on Tuesday that those insinuating political sentiments to the war, were selfish and…
The post APC Chieftain urges Nigerians to own up ongoing war against corruption appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
WILLIAMS, Ariz. — Two orphaned bear cubs have been placed in the care of a wildlife rescue park near the Grand Canyon after their mother was euthanized.
The wildlife park Bearizona in Williams said Wednesday the 4-month-old black bears were rescued from a treetop in Arizona's White Mountains. The cubs were so small a climber was able to lower them to safety in a backpack.
The park says the Arizona Game and Fish Department was forced to euthanize the cubs' mother after twice removing them from a residential area in the town of Pinetop-Lakeside.
Bearizona says the animal had been drawn to the neighbourhood after a woman there began feeding it daily. A day after the bear was put down, authorities reportedly learned it was the mother of the two cubs.
Local and national authorities across Europe are considering, and in some cases already placing, restrictions on diesel vehicles in city centers — with one notable exception: Germany. Now, that is changing.
On Thursday, Hamburg became the first city in Germany to put in place any kind of ban on diesel vehicles, after a federal court ruled in February that it was legal for local authorities to prohibit older diesel engines. But the limited nature of the restriction, affecting only a couple of the city's main thoroughfares, drew criticism from locals and environmental campaigners.
It is a sign that, even though the diesel engine was a German invention, opposition to the fuel is growing in the country. Concerns have mounted over the use of diesel in the wake of a Volkswagen emissions-rigging scandal and increasing evidence of its harmful health and environmental impacts. In contrast to their neighbors in Europe, though, German authorities had thus far been reluctant to restrict diesel vehicles, after decades of lobbying by the country's powerful automakers.
“We believe this will trigger a domino effect in Germany,” said Ugo Taddei, a lawyer at ClientEarth, one of two environmental nonprofits that took the diesel ban lawsuit to the federal court in Germany. “Many cities are facing very serious air pollution problems, and they will need to set restrictions.”
GARMISCH-PARTENKIRCHEN, Germany — Americans Breezy Johnson and Lindsey Vonn posted the fastest times in World Cup downhill training on Saturday, less than two hours before the race.
Johnson timed 1 minute, 39.52 seconds on the Kandahar course and was 0.29 seconds faster than Vonn, who has won the race in the last two years and three times in total. Sofia Goggia of Italy was 0.01 further back in third.
Training was cancelled on the previous two days, forcing organizers to stage the mandatory session just before the actual race.
Another downhill is scheduled for Sunday in the last weekend of World Cup racing before the Pyeongchang Olympics.
Gordon Hayward has ‘significant concerns' about playing with Isaiah Thomas?
While the idea of Gordon Hayward in a Boston Celtics uniform has been gaining momentum lately, there may still be some major hurdles to overcome.
In an episode of “The Basketball Analogy” podcast on Wednesday, ESPN's Tim MacMahon hinted at some potential reservations Hayward might have about playing with Isaiah Thomas.
“I do hear — this isn't coming from Hayward's camp so it's under the gossip category and not necessarily the reporting category — but I do hear Hayward has significant concerns about playing with Isaiah Thomas,” said MacMahon, per Drew Mackay of FanSided. “In other words, they want the ball in their hands. They don't just want to watch Isaiah dribble around and do theirs thing.”
The 27-year-old Hayward is expected to opt out of their contract with the Utah Jazz and become an unrestricted free agent this summer. Armed with cap space, an opening on the wing, the prospects of immediate contention, and Hayward's college coach, Brad Stevens, running the show, the Celtics are picking up steam as a possible destination for the All-Star. But co-existing with Thomas could indeed be a legitimate concern, given that both players led their respective teams in usage rate by a wide margin last season.
MacMahon does stress that the rumblings aren't coming from Hayward's camp, so they should probably be taken with a grain of salt. But with other potential landing spots emerging and the possibility still remaining that Hayward returns to the Jazz, it's at least something to consider when weighing Boston's chances of poaching away the former No. 9 overall pick.
Charlotte Hornets' Dwight Howard (12) drives against Indiana Pacers' Myles Turner (33) during the first half of Friday's game at Spectrum Center. Chuck Burton AP
A 28-year-old mom of ten is accused of burning their infant child on purpose with a straightener, according to reports.
Stephanie Nicole Rodriguez of Lubbock, Texas was indicted by a grand jury Tuesday on a charge for intentional injury to a child causing serious bodily injury, news station KCBD reported.
Rodriguez was arrested earlier this month in connection to the August 2017 incident in which they reportedly burned their 7-month-old baby on the arm with a hair straightener.
The indictment alleged that the mom “intentionally or knowingly” hurt the child with a “deadly weapon.”
Just hours after they were arrested, Rodriguez was rushed to the hospital where they delivered their tenth child, a baby girl, news station KLBK reported. The newborn was placed in the custody of child protective services, police said.
They told authorities that their other children were either adopted or placed in the custody of relatives.
Rodriguez was released from the hospital and returned to Lubbock County Detention Center, where they remain held on $27,000 bond.
There should be zero tolerance for pot use by drivers or their passengers, a new report by the Canadian Mental Health Association Ontario branch recommends.
The report, Cannabis Legalization and Regulation, also says that all marijuana revenue should go to fund mental health and addiction services, and that the minimum age to purchase the product should be 19 years old.
“The risk is that legalization of cannabis may lead to an increase in use among Ontarians,” Camille Quenneville, CEO of CMHA Ontario, said in a statement Monday. “When taken together, our recommendations can minimize the harms associated with cannabis use and support a public health approach to this issue.”
As the Justin Trudeau government gets set to legalize pot by July 2018, CMHA Ontario prepared a report for the provincial government with recommendations on how to go forward.
The report says marijuana legalization should be viewed through a public health lens.
CMHA Ontario anticipates an increased need for mental health and addiction support services with legal pot, especially for youth and heavy consumers “ranging from brief interventions for at-risk users to more intensive interventions,” as well as extensive public education campaigns.
The “most concerning” issue is driving high, with data already showing that an estimated 10.4 million vehicle trips a year involve a motorist that had used marijuana, the report says.
Testing for drug-impaired driving may not accurately reflect the level of impairment, it says.
“Because the technology to detect an individual's level of impairment due to cannabis is still in development at this time, CMHA Ontario recommends a zero-tolerance policy for cannabis consumption in any motorized vehicle in order to ensure road safety during this time of transition,” the report says. “A zero-tolerance policy would include both the driver of the motorized vehicle, and any passengers in the car. It is important that a clear message be sent to the public as soon as possible regarding zero tolerance for impaired driving due to cannabis use.”
While the Canadian Medical Association, which represents the nation's doctors, called for a minimum legal pot-buying age of 21, CMHA Ontario suggested the lower age of 19.
“Frequent cannabis use can harm a developing brain and there is no evidence that supports a specific age when cannabis use is safe for young people,” the report says. “However, there are concerns that a higher minimum age may contribute to young people accessing cannabis from illegal sources. Establishing a higher minimum age standard will be less effective in undermining the black market, and may leave youth both criminalized and reliant on it.”
aartuso@postmedia.com
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: citifmonline.com
2017-10-06
Some personnel deployed to restore calm on major road
The Ghana Police Service has deployed more personnel to various parts of the capital, Accra, to restore calm and order on the major roads after a Friday morning downpour.
There is heavy vehicular traffic on major roads in the country such as Spintex Road, Kaneshie and Kasoa after the rain.
The situation has resulted in serious congestion on the roads due to the immotorable nature of some adjoining roads.
Some drivers who called into the Citi Breakfast Show lamented that attempts by other drivers to manoeuvre their way through traffic have resulted in a gridlock, requiring police presence to restore order.
But Assistant Superintendent of Police (ASP) Alexander Obeng, Head of Education, Research and Training, MTTU, has said that the Police have already deployed personnel to address the situation.
“Traffic police officers are scattered all over those areas. We are doing what we have to do. It is because of the coincidence that it is rush hour, and usually traffic is there and it's intended indiscipline among motorists, and the rains that have blown down burying the road compounding traffic, but there shouldn't be panic,” they said.
“It is easing all over. Now we are on the ground and we are doing what we have to do,” they added.
Many parts of Accra and Kumasi have been submerged in flood waters, curtailing vehicular movement after few hours of rain on Friday morning.
Most drivers have been forced to make a detour, while others have parked their vehicles due to the pool of flood waters on major highways.
Areas such as Teshie-Nungua, Lapaz, Shiashie, Darkuman and Kaneshie in Accra and Kumasi Ahensan, have been badly affected.
The flooding situation has resulted in a gridlock in areas such as Tetteh Quarshie, Kaneshie and Lapaz.
The situation according to the Works and Housing Minister, Samuel Atta Akyea, may not improve until the country makes a $700 million investment to permanently fix it.
INDIANAPOLIS — Kelan Martin scored 26 points and Butler rolled past DePaul 80-57 on Saturday.
Martin, the second-leading scorer in the Big East, had 19 points in the first half when the Bulldogs (17-7, 7-4 Big East) took a 10-point lead with Martin hitting a 3-pointer to cap the first 20 minutes.
Martin added another 3-pointer to open the second half and the lead remained in double figures, reaching a high of 25 with 1:43 left on a 3-pointer by Campbell Donovan.
Paul Jorgensen had three of Butler's 10 3-pointers in scoring 13 points and Kamar Baldwin added 10 points for the Bulldogs, who have a four-game winning streak that started with a 79-67 win over the Blue Demons. Martin made 10 of their 11 free-throw attempts.
Marin Maric was the only DePaul (9-13, 2-8) player in double figures with 15.
DePaul committed 23 turnovers, 14 off steals, leading to 27 points.
The MTA is apparently turning a blind eye to Access-A-Ride complaints Nearly half of complaints made by Access-A-Ride users are largely ignored or shoddily probed by the MTA, according to a new audit. The investigation by city Comptroller Scott Stringer revealed...
MTA failed to collect $400K in fines from Access-A-Ride contractor The MTA failed to collect nearly $400,000 in penalty fees from a contractor that gave Access-A-Ride's disabled users inaccurate travel-planning information, officials said Thursday. State Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli audited Global...
NYC comptroller urges MTA to fix Access-A-Ride program MTA's Access-A-Ride service left elderly and disabled passengers stranded more than 31,000 times last year, according to an audit by Comptroller Scott Stringer. The MTA didn't heavily monitor the service...
Access-A-Ride workers to strike A group of MTA workers who run the Access-A-Ride program plan to strike because of continued terrible treatment by their employer. The Transport Workers Union members voted to strike against...
Woman flashed by Access-A-Ride driver An elderly woman was flashed by their Access-A-Ride driver in The Bronx, cops said. The 73-year-old victim was dropped off at their Soundview home Sept. 5 around 10:45 a.m. when...
Disabled New Yorkers suing MTA over Access-A-Ride ​​A group of disabled New Yorkers is suing the MTA, saying the ​agency forces rejected Access-A-Ride applicants ​into a Catch-22 — telling them to trek out to a Queens office...
3 charged in MTA cab-reimbursement scheme Three men were charged Wednesday with stealing tens of thousands of dollars from an MTA cab-reimbursement program, authorities said. The men allegedly took advantage of the program that reimburses disabled...
MTA cracking down on funding bogus cab trips Some transit riders are getting money from the MTA for bogus cab trips, according to a new report. The MTA has a program that diverts handicapped riders from expensive Access-a-Ride...
Cabs are key to saving MTA money with Access-A-Ride The MTA is saving millions of dollars a year — by putting people in cabs. Users of the MTA's Access-A-Ride service were diverted to taxis for 2 million trips, or...
Mohamed Salah has become the first player to score 10 goals in Europe in a single season for Liverpool.
The Egypt star struck twice in the first half of Tuesday's Champions League semi-final first leg with Roma at Anfield.
Salah curled home a spectacular opening goal 35 minutes in before a delightful chipped second made it 2-0 at the break.
It means the 25-year-old is the first Reds player to reach double figures for goals in a European campaign, while they are also the first African player to score at least nine in a single Champions League tournament.
Salah, who was crowned the PFA Players' Player of the Year on Sunday for their Premier League performances, has now hit 43 goals in all competitions in their first season with Liverpool.
 They are just four goals short of equalling the record for goals in a season, set by Ian Rush in 1983-84.
A-Court voids Orubebe's conviction, overrules CCT
By Ikechukwu Nnochiri
ABUJA—The Court of Appeal sitting in Abuja, yesterday, nullified the Code of Conduct Tribunal, CCT's, conviction of former Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Elder Godsday Orubebe, on allegation that they falsely declared their assets in 2007.
In a unanimous judgement, a three-man panel of Justices led by Justice Mohammed Aboki, voided Orubebe's conviction on the premise that the CCT's verdict occasioned a miscarriage of justice against him.
The tribunal, in convicting Orubebe, had held that
it was satisfied that Orubebe shielded their ownership of Plot 2057 Asokoro District, Abuja.
Meanwhile, dissatisfied with the verdict, Orubebe, through their lawyer, Mr. Selekowei Larry, SAN, raised three grounds they said the appellate court should consider and nullify their conviction.
While upholding their appeal, yesterday, the appellate court held that the tribunal went beyond the case that was brought before it by the prosecution.
The court held that Orubebe's trial was not based on their non- declaration of title deed of the said property, but their alleged false declaration of their assets.
It stressed that as such, the unregistered instrument of transfer of the said property was admissible evidence in proof of the payment of purchase price, which showed that the property was already acquired by Divention Properties Ltd.
“On the whole, it is our view that this appeal succeeded on its merit and is therefore allowed. The appellant is accordingly discharged and acquitted,” the court held.
The post A-Court voids Orubebe's conviction, overrules CCT appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Image copyright AFP Image caption Islamist militants have long operated in the Sahel - but not in Burkina Faso until recently
The Sahel region already has its fair share of armed Islamist groups, with the likes of Boko Haram and al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb turning, at one time or another, parts of Niger, Mali, Algeria and Nigeria into theatres of conflict. Could Burkina Faso be a new base for the jihadists?
Despite intense military operations throughout the region to curb the activities of the radical groups, Islamist militancy continues to grow in the Sahel.
The militants have established a front in northern Burkina Faso, disrupting normal life by repeatedly carrying out attacks in the region and far beyond.
1. Who are the Islamists behind the attacks?
Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) claimed it carried out the attacks of January 2016 which killed 30 people in Burkina Faso's capital, Ouagadougou.
Although AQIM did not say it was behind the killing of the 12 soldiers in December last year, officials believe the group was.
There are fears that the latest attack in the capital, in which 18 people have been killed, is the also work of one of the affiliates of al-Qaeda that are active in the Sahel region.
However, another movement, Ansarul Islam or Defenders of Islam, has emerged as the umbrella for all Islamist operations in northern Burkina Faso.
It is led by a radical imam named by officials as Ibrahim Malam Dicko.
Ansarul Islam claimed responsibility for attacks on two police stations in the northern Soum province on 27 February.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Local and foreign forces have taken the fight to Islamists in the Sahel but this has not stopped radical movements spreading
Dicko is a radical preacher originally from Burkina Faso's northern city of Djibo.
 They are said to have fought in Mali in the ranks of the Mujao Islamist movement before they founded their group.
After a short spell in a Malian jail following their arrest by foreign forces in 2013, Dicko returned home and started Ansarul Islam.
Fighters who joined their new group came from the audience admiring their fiery preaching.
Dicko is now considered a public enemy and part of the state's official strategy to stem their influence is to kill him.
2. How big is the threat of Islamist groups to Burkina Faso?
This poor land-locked country in West Africa has long had its share of problems, but attacks carried out by Islamist militants against people and property are relatively new.
Image copyright EPA Image caption The siege at the Splendid Hotel was declared over after a joint operation by local and French forces
Over the last two years, it has been rocked by a series of attacks by jihadists, with a bleak picture for the prospects of security in the country.
Recent attacks include:
January 2016 : Islamist militants attack Ouagadougou hotel popular with foreigners. Western nationals among 30 people killed in country's deadliest attack so far.
: Islamist militants attack Ouagadougou hotel popular with foreigners. Western nationals among 30 people killed in country's deadliest attack so far. December 2016: 12 soldiers killed after attack by Islamist militants in the north, near Mali border.
12 soldiers killed after attack by Islamist militants in the north, near Mali border. March 2017: As the capital geared up for Fespaco film festival, two police posts in the north were attacked. Three people killed.
As the capital geared up for Fespaco film festival, two police posts in the north were attacked. Three people killed. March 2017: Two people kidnapped and a school torched after jihadists threaten educational establishments. In another incident a military base was locked down after being targeted by unidentified gunmen.
Two people kidnapped and a school torched after jihadists threaten educational establishments. In another incident a military base was locked down after being targeted by unidentified gunmen. August 2017: Eighteen people killed and about 20 wounded when gunmen open fire on customers seated outside a restaurant in Ouagadougou.
There is a growing concern that Islamist militants can strike anywhere, and at any time.
3. How have Islamist militants disrupted life in Burkina Faso?
Image copyright AFP Image caption The attacks have become a focus of the media
The repeated attacks have created a wave of panic across the country.
Many are concerned that the north is just a starting point for Ansarul Islam. They fear it will spread its tentacles further if it is not stopped.
"Many homes have been deserted. In Djibo's district 5, many homes are empty," a local told the BBC, asking not to be named for their safety.
"Economic activity has ground to a halt. We no longer have any night life. Westerners who are high-value targets have left."
Gunmen sporadically go on the rampage, looting shops and mugging people.
"When they come shooting in the air, people run away from their homes and only return when they have left," a resident of Inata village told the BBC.
"They don't always kill. They often loot. We are in panic. My local school has closed. All schools, including madrassas have closed in Soum province."
Locals say there are more soldiers operating in the area. However, they say Islamists have an advantage over them because they know the lay of the land.
4. What's most troubling for officials in Burkina Faso?
Image copyright AFP Image caption Members of the disbanded presidential elite unit are thought to be fighting alongside the militants
Ansarul Islam movement is the first home-grown Islamist group in Burkina Faso.
That alone is troubling enough for President Rock Marc Christian Kabore's government but it is not the scariest thing about the threat posed by this radical group.
Intelligence officials believe some ex-soldiers of the presidential elite regiment, the RSP, are lending them a hand.
Officials were recently quoted by a Malian newspaper as saying that they intercepted a communication between an RSP fugitive, Boubacar Sawadogo, and Ansarul Islam's leader.
The intercept confirmed what the government had long suspected - that former RSP members are taking part in attacks by jihadists both in Mali and Burkina Faso.
For more than 27 years, the RSP had been a nightmare for democrats in Burkina Faso. It was set up by former President Blaise Compaore for their personal security.
The regiment was notorious for operating outside official boundaries.
However, after the uprising which ousted Mr Compaore in 2014, it suddenly found itself without a clear purpose and felt its existence threatened.
In a bid for survival, members staged a short-lived coup against the transitional government before being forced to hand over power by neighbouring countries.
Fleeing justice afterwards, many RSP members including Boubacar Sawadogo took to a clandestine life.
Given the reported bizarre alliance with Islamist militants in the north, the RSP nightmare has now taken on a new form.
5. What is being done about the Islamist threat?
Image copyright AFP Image caption The government has appointed a new army chief (pictured), but its response to Ansarul Islam has been seen as indecisive
Most Burkinabes would tend to say that what the government is doing to combat Ansarul Islam is far from enough.
There is a sense of frustration on the streets of Ouagadougou and social media forums that the state's response has not been decisive.
Officials have repeatedly condemned the attacks but barely did more than saying they are taking steps. Restructuring the Defence and Security Ministries is the only concrete measure that has been taken, and critics say it is insignificant.
The government's hands are, however, tied by a lack of resources, both human and financial.
Following the attacks during Fespaco in March, officials appeared to have come up with a much clearer plan.
Burkina Faso is to withdraw its contingents currently deployed abroad as part of peacekeeping missions, such as in Sudan and Mali.
It will then reassign the returning soldiers to the fight against Ansarul Islam in the north.
Burkina Faso will also benefit from the introduction of a multinational force run by African nations to target jihadist forces in the Sahel region, but the new force will not be operational until later this year.
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. - Rickie Fowler took a share of the lead into the weekend in the Waste Management Phoenix Open. They know from experience the party is just getting started.
''Just keep the gas pedal down,'' Fowler said.
Fowler has had a lot of success at TPC Scottsdale without winning. They finished a shot behind Hunter Mahan in 2010, lost to Hideki Matsuyama on the fourth extra hole in 2016, and tied for fourth last year.
''From the first couple times I played it, I knew it was just kind of a matter of time before I would win here,'' Fowler said. ''I know I can win here. I put myself in position plenty of times.''
Fowler was tied with Bryson DeChambeau, with each shooting their second straight 5-under 66.
The festive tournament drew an estimated Friday-record crowd of 191,400 fans, bringing the week total to 439,088. The third-round mark of 204,906 set last year is expected to be shattered Saturday, and the week record of 655,434 from a year ago could fall with a day to spare.
DeChambeau birdied the final two holes, hitting a wedge to 8 inches on the par-4 18th late on another 80-degree afternoon.
''I missed a few short putts on the back nine, so definitely didn't play my best,'' DeChambeau said.
They won the John Deere Classic last year. In 2015, the former SMU star became the fifth player to win the NCAA individual title and U.S. Amateur in the same year.
Daniel Berger and former Arizona State player Chez Reavie were a stroke back.
Berger had a bogey-free 65.
''This is the fourth time I've been here, so I've kind of figured it out a little bit,'' Berger said. ''Mostly, it's just about just enjoying yourself.''
Full-field scores from the Waste Management Phoenix Open
Waste Management Phoenix Open: Articles, photos and videos
Reavie eagled the 17th in a 65. He's the only player without a bogey after two rounds.
''This is my home tournament, growing up here my whole life and coming to the tournament and carrying the sign board,'' Reavie said. ''So this is like the fifth major for me.''
Fowler birdied four of the first six holes. They bogeyed their old nemesis, the 317-yard 17th, after driving short of the green to the left and chipping across and off the green.
''Funky little chip where we were in a good position to make birdie,'' Fowler said.
Two years ago, they blew a two-stroke lead on 17 in regulation when they drove through the green and into the water, then handed the playoff to Matsuyama when they hit into the water again.
Fowler is wearing a pin on their hat with a picture of Griffin Connell, the area boy they befriended at the event who died last week at age 7. Connell was born with a rare airway disorder.
''I don't think it's a coincidence he's playing so well this week, either,'' said Griffin's father, Jim Connell. ''Griffin, he's not here with us, but we know he's watching from above.''
Scott Stallings (65), Chesson Hadley (68) and Chris Kirk (68) were 8 under, and Phil Mickelson (65) and fellow former Arizona State player Jon Rahm (68) topped the group at 7 under.
The 47-year-old Hall of Famer is making their record-tying 29th start in the event they won in 1996, 2005 and 2013. They birdied the last three holes - getting the stadium-enclosed No. 16 for the second straight day - and four of the final six.
''There's no question that I play better down the stretch with people here,'' Mickelson said. ''I can feel their energy and it helps me focus.''
Justin Thomas and first-round leader Bill Haas were 6 under.
The fourth-ranked Thomas had their second 68. They were bogey-free after dropping three strokes late Thursday with a double bogey on 16 and a bogey on 17.
''I was pretty upset and mad about that last night because I really let a good chance get away to shoot, I felt like, 7 or 8 under,'' Thomas said. ''But stretches like that are going to happen over the course of four days.''
Haas followed their opening 64 with a 72. They made a double bogey on the par-5 third.
The tournament lost some star power when Jordan Spieth missed the cut and two-time defending champion Matsuyama withdrew because of a left wrist injury.
Spieth shot 72-70, playing alongside Thomas. The third-ranked Spieth last failed to advance to weekend play in May, when they missed consecutive cuts in The Players Championship and the AT&T Byron Nelson. Matsuyama's injury ended their bid to match Arnold Palmer's event record of three straight victories.
Robert Garrigus had the shot of the day, a drive on the 17th that hit the flagstick and stopped inches away. He's 2 under after a 69. Andrew Magee aced the hole in 2001, the only hole-in-one on a par 4 in PGA Tour history.
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting Pause
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns
0:55 Immigrants protest ICE raids
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
2:22 Levine Museum exhibit seeks understanding of protests
1:55 DC official: Estimated turnout for Women's March in D.C. at 500,000
2:23 NAACP leader discusses HB2
1:36 HB2 repeal possible after Charlotte vote
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
1:53 They were unable to survive, fire chief says of family of 3
1:33 Jacob Eason talks scrambling ability, Liberty Bowl
2:20 2 teens charged with murder in death of Sam Poss
1:00 $50 million downtown project
1:35 Mattingly talks about José Fernandez at spring training Pause
2:23 Konpa champ Gazzman Couleur and dISIP play Hollywood Live
0:58 Wade on Riley: 'I have nothing to squash, I'm thankful for what we were able to build here'
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
0:54 Cubans executed by Castro regime on display in the European Parliament
2:40 Miami Dolphins draft pick Laremy Tunsil addresses media after allergic reaction
1:08 Dolphins Wake: I've been an underdog since day one
1:09 Adam Gase reflects on Dolphins' loss to Steelers
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
DUBAI: Most major stock markets in the Gulf rose on Wednesday. Saudi Arabia's banks rose on expectations of a US interest rate hike.
“Higher interest rates mean higher net interest margins and with the economy now coming off a slowdown and with better liquidity levels in the market, banking shares have performed well today,” said a Riyadh-based fund manager.
Saudi Arabia tends to follow US interest rate moves because its currency is pegged to the dollar. Nine of the 12 listed lenders rose, helping lift the Tadawul All Share Index (TASI) 0.5 percent.
In terms of valuations, banks are trading at a slight discount to the Saudi market and are considered cheap when compared to their regional counterparts, according to analysts at HSBC.
They said Saudi banks would also be important financial intermediaries in Riyadh's privatization program, which is at the center of the Saudi economic reform plans.
“If 70 to 100 percent of such volumes are funded by the banks over a three-year period, sector loan growth could improve by 7 to 9 percentage points,” said HSBC.
National Commercial Bank rose 2.9 percent to SR44 ($11.73). HSBC rates the stock a “buy” with a target of SR47.
Abu Dhabi's index was almost flat as Dana Gas fell 1.4 percent in heavy trade. The stock had surged 15 percent on Tuesday when Dana proposed restructuring its $700 million of outstanding Islamic bonds at much cheaper rates and without the option of converting to shares. On Wednesday, it said it had obtained an injunction in a Sharjah court blocking claims on its existing sukuk.
Dubai's index rose 0.3 percent as theme park operator DXB Entertainments, which has been hit by disappointing visitor numbers at its parks, climbed 5.5 percent after announcing a new management structure.
It said strategy and business development would be incorporated into a newly structured finance function, and appointed a new chief financial officer, John Ireland, who was previously CFO at Arab Media Group.
Egypt's index edged down 0.2 percent; private equity firm Qalaa Holdings fell 2.4 percent.
DUBAI: Most major stock markets in the Gulf rose on Wednesday. Saudi Arabia's banks rose on expectations of a US interest rate hike.
“Higher interest rates mean higher net interest margins and with the economy now coming off a slowdown and with better liquidity levels in the market, banking shares have performed well today,” said a Riyadh-based fund manager.
Saudi Arabia tends to follow US interest rate moves because its currency is pegged to the dollar. Nine of the 12 listed lenders rose, helping lift the Tadawul All Share Index (TASI) 0.5 percent.
In terms of valuations, banks are trading at a slight discount to the Saudi market and are considered cheap when compared to their regional counterparts, according to analysts at HSBC.
They said Saudi banks would also be important financial intermediaries in Riyadh's privatization program, which is at the center of the Saudi economic reform plans.
“If 70 to 100 percent of such volumes are funded by the banks over a three-year period, sector loan growth could improve by 7 to 9 percentage points,” said HSBC.
National Commercial Bank rose 2.9 percent to SR44 ($11.73). HSBC rates the stock a “buy” with a target of SR47.
Abu Dhabi's index was almost flat as Dana Gas fell 1.4 percent in heavy trade. The stock had surged 15 percent on Tuesday when Dana proposed restructuring its $700 million of outstanding Islamic bonds at much cheaper rates and without the option of converting to shares. On Wednesday, it said it had obtained an injunction in a Sharjah court blocking claims on its existing sukuk.
Dubai's index rose 0.3 percent as theme park operator DXB Entertainments, which has been hit by disappointing visitor numbers at its parks, climbed 5.5 percent after announcing a new management structure.
It said strategy and business development would be incorporated into a newly structured finance function, and appointed a new chief financial officer, John Ireland, who was previously CFO at Arab Media Group.
Egypt's index edged down 0.2 percent; private equity firm Qalaa Holdings fell 2.4 percent.
Pret A Manger's soon-to-open Penn Station eatery will have a full-service 12-seat U-shaped beer and wine bar, The Post has learned.
The bar concept, tested for years in London, is the first of its kind for Pret in the US.
It will feature beer in bottles and on tap and wine from California, Italy and New Zealand, the company said.
The Penn Station location — at 5,968 square feet, twice as big at its standard location — will also feature communal tables as well as high-top cocktail seating.
“Our baristas make thousands of coffees every day for our customers, so we thought, why not offer beer and wine too,” said Joanne Brett, president of the company's operations in the US, where it has 76 eateries in New York, Boston, Washington, DC, and Chicago.
By adding alcohol to its menu, Pret joins a handful of other quick-service eateries — Shake Shack and Chipotle, for example, plus fast-food spin-off BK Whopper Bar in Miami.
If the Penn Station bar concept is a hit, Pret may expand it to other US locations, Brett told The Post.
Earlier this year, Starbucks ended its year-old beer and wine program in more than 400 stores — but may add alcohol to the menu at its upscale Roastery stores, according to several reports.
At the Penn Station Pret, customers will have to purchase their food separately and bring it to the bar, a Pret spokesperson said.
With 450 eateries worldwide, privately owned Pret is opening another 12 stores in the US this year, compared with nine new stores last year, the spokesperson said.
It's the namesake of the mythical goddess and synonymous with feminine beauty, but the reality of the planet Venus is anything but gentle.
Conditions on the surface are so harsh that all of our efforts to study it over the decades have provided only scant details.
But researchers in Cleveland are trying to change that.
In this week's Exploradio, WKSU's Jeff St.Clair looks at efforts to bring a little bit of Venus to planet Earth.
In this week's Exploradio, WKSU's Jeff St.Clair visits NASA Glenn's Venus simulator
We're at NASA Glenn research center in Cleveland and it's the moment of truth.
Engineers are unscrewing bolts securing the mouth of a massive metal cylinder called the Glenn Extreme Environments Rig or GEER.
Leah Nakley is head of the project. She's understandably excited after a record 80 days since the chamber was sealed and programmed to replicate our neighboring planet.
“Basically we fill it with the atmosphere, heat it up and pressurize it so then you have the exact conditions that are on the surface of Venus inside that tank,” says Nakley.
It's the largest and most accurate simulator of conditions on other planets.
With the bolts finally off, a metal tray holding marble-sized samples of rocks and minerals is gently drawn out and set on a cart.
The samples belong to Case Western Reserve University planetary sciences grad student Brandon Radoman-Shaw who points to one of the Venus tested rocks - "You can see this really white mineral, right on the end - that was blue…”
Eighty days on Venus has radically altered the chemical make-up of the material.
Radoman-Shaw is testing the survival rate of various rocks on the surface of Venus, where pressures and temperatures are so high that instead of a gas, the mostly carbon dioxide atmosphere is a viscous mixture called a supercritical fluid.
“And a supercritical fluid is really dense, and we know that it's able to strip certain compounds out of materials – that's what they use to decaffeinate coffee, so we already know that it's pretty strong and it can react very forcefully with certain minerals.”
With a surface temperature that would melt lead, pressures 100 times that on Earth, and clouds of flesh-melting acids, Case Western planetary scientist Ralph Harvey puts it another way...
“Venus is a hellhole,” they say.
Venus - a tough place to work
A Soviet program in the 1970's provided the first clues of conditions on Venus.
Initial probes failed within minutes of landing on the surface, says Harvey.
Finally, through a process of trial and error, they say, "the last couple of them lasted a few hours and we got some interesting data," but they add, "a tough place to work.”
Now NASA Glenn engineers are using the GEER chamber to test a new generation of electronics that can better survive the rigors of Venus.
NASA's Phil Neudeck is part of a team that developed a super durable computer chip that lasted 21 days in the Venus simulator.
“This test was a major leap forward," says Neudeck, "This was the first test to show multi-week operation of any electronics in a Venus environment.”
Neudeck says the breakthrough opens the door for longer term explorations of our hostile neighbor.
“Until this test," they say, "the electronics were considered the limiting factor of a Venus mission.”
They say the work at Glenn is a game-changer.
“Nobody believed that we could do this, until we showed that we could do it.”
NASA Glenn physicist Geoffrey Landis has long envisioned exploring our sister planet.
“Venus is in many ways Earth's evil twin,” they say.
Similar in size to Earth, they say our planetary histories started out alike, but went in wildly different directions.
“Venus was subject to the runaway greenhouse effect, where the temperatures kept rising and that eventually led to the oceans of early Venus boiling away and putting all of the water into the atmosphere where it was lost.”
The mysteries of Venus
Landis is also an award-winning science fiction author.
They say that while the surface of Venus is uninhabitable, the upper atmosphere is much cooler and calmer.
In fact, around 30 miles up, ships filled with air would float amid the clouds.
"Nobody believed that we could do this, until we showed that we could do it." - Phil Neudeck, NASA Glenn
In one story Landis pictured Venusian colonies - “Entire cities that were floating above the surface in that sort of Earth temperature and Earth pressure region.”
But they say there is one drawback, “and that's that those pretty white clouds are actually concentrated sulfuric acid.”
You may ask, why would anyone want to go there?
Landis says apart from the thrill of interplanetary adventure, studying Venus allows us to better predict our own climatic future.
“We learn about our own planet best," they say, "by comparing it to other planets.”
They say we may even find microbial life forms in that Earth-like zone.
Many tempting mysteries await us on Venus and scientists at NASA Glenn are making significant strides toward solving them.
WASHINGTON (AP) — For the first time in 30 years, the U.S. Marine Corps will be airing an ad during a Super Bowl, using an online-only spot Sunday to target a young, tough, tech-savvy audience for potential recruits who are looking for a challenge.
The high-powered, battle-heavy, 30-second ad shows Marines deploying off ships in amphibious vehicles, dropping bombs from aircraft and hurling a shoulder-launched drone into the air.
“It's not just the ships, the armor or the aircraft. It's something more. It's the will to fight and determination to win found inside each and every Marine that answers a nation's call,” the announcer says, as the camera follows a squad of Marines storming off helicopters into a mock firefight while explosions erupt around them.
The goal, said Maj. Gen. Paul Kennedy, head of the Marine Corps Recruiting Command, is to reach a key demographic — young men and women who have faced and conquered challenges in their life, probably played combat sports like wrestling or rugby, and have a bit of that fighting spirit.
Network television viewers of the game won't see the Marine spot. But those watching through online streaming services — which charge a fraction of the advertising price — will see it twice.
“I'm not trying to enlist fathers or mothers, I'm trying to enlist 18 to 24 year olds,” said Kennedy. “And they tend to be cord cutters. They take in entertainment differently and they tend to do it on a device rather than a television.”
The Marine Corps would not provide the exact cost because the specific pricing is proprietary. But the online ad represents a savings of nearly 85 percent over the broadcast price. Thirty-second slots are going for more than $5 million for broadcast airtime alone. And the online ad — which can be viewed on www.marines.com — is expected to reach more than 20 million viewers.
As the military services struggle to meet recruitment goals in these times of low unemployment, they are competing for many of the same young people — physically fit high school graduates who can score 50 or higher on the military's aptitude test.
The Marine Corps is on target to meet its recruitment goal of about 38,000 for the fiscal year ending Sept. 30. But recruiters have historically found that the months of February through May are the toughest for finding new enlistments. By this time, many high school seniors have decided what they will do, or what college they will attend.
So Kennedy is hoping the ad will reach some who may still be open to serving in the Marine Corps. Targeting the streaming broadcast has now become a more effective option as viewership online grows, they said, and is the best way to reach more young people while spending less money.
“I don't have unlimited funds,” they said. “And this is probably the most-watched event, as we move into the toughest months of recruiting.”
The visuals in the ad, they said, go to the heart of what Marines do, deliberately focusing on the fight rather than some of the intangibles such as the potential for paid college tuition, bonuses or other incentives. And they are designed to attract people who are tough and resilient — key words the Marines use repeatedly to describe the force.
The battle scenes were filmed on the West Coast with actual Marines participating in a military exercise called Dawn Blitz in order to show more realistic scenarios. The ad also shows Marines deployed on the USS Essex, an amphibious assault ship, which was off the California coast for training, to mimic a deployment near the shores of an adversary.
“This ad talks to the fighting spirit of young people that have come up through high school,” Kennedy said. “We want young, tough, smart warriors that want to continue to seek challenges, and we're seeking them from men and women from all walks of life.”
A pro-President Trump Super PAC has released a video showing Alabama Senate candidate and accused child molester Roy Moore being interviewed — by a 12-year-old girl.
The video was released on social media Sunday by the America First Project and features a girl named Millie March, a young GOP activist who first gained fame at the CPAC conference in March.
Wearing a pink jacket festooned with Moore for US Senate stickers, Millie first chats with campaign chair Rich Hobson, who tells them that Democrat Doug Jones wants to abort unborn babies minutes before birth and praises Moore's support of Trump.
The sitdown with Moore — who has been accused by at least eight women of sexual misconduct and assault, including two who said that they groped them when they were young teenagers — begins with Millie asking if they support Trump's border wall.
The arch-conservative answers that the do, and that the US should use its military to “stop illegal aliens” from entering the US.
Moore also discusses taxes and trade policy, health care and military preparedness with the youngster who smiles and dutifully nods their head in agreement with all of their points.
They then asks him, “What do you think the characteristics of a real leader are at this point?”
“Just adhering to principle,” Moore responds — and quotes the late President Kennedy.
“Like JFK said, ask not what your country can do for you but what you can do for your country,” they said, ending the interview with a hearty handshake.
The America First Project was formed by conservative activists including former Breitbart News staffers to support Trump's agenda.
Breitbart's chief Steve Bannon is a staunch Moore supporter.
“We decided that we were going to bring Millie to Alabama, after everything that's happened in this Alabama Senate race up until this point,” says America First Project's Jennifer Lawrence in the video's opening shot.
Senate to FG: Forward 2014 Confab report to us as Bill
…Declares support for a united Nigeria
By Henry Umoru
ABUJA—THE Senate, yesterday, asked the Acting President, Professor Yemi Osinbajo, to urgently forward the report of 2014 National Conference report for appropriate legislative action.
According to the Senate, deliberations on the recommendations of the conference will be the way forward for the country, even as it harped on the nation's restructuring as a way out of its numerous problems.
The upper chamber's call is coming against the backdrop of separatists' agitations in the land but it declared its support for a united Nigeria and warned Nigerians to desist from actions and utterances capable of jeopardising the corporate existence of the nation.
The request for the 2014 confab reports followed submissions made to that effect by senators mostly of All Progressives Congress, APC, during the debate on a motion, entitled: “The need for National Unity and Peaceful Coexistence in Nigeria,” sponsored by Senate Leader, Ahmed Lawan (APC, Yobe), and co-sponsored by 106 others.
Senator Lawan's motion had four prayers which were all taken, but there was an additional prayer by Senator Mao Ohuabunwa (PDP, Abia North), that the Federal Government be urged to urgently forward the report of the 2014 Conference to the National Assembly for deliberation.
According to him, “we must, as a nation, address those issues that gave rise to agitation, Nigeria must be a nation that is based on justice and equity.”
Senator Ohuabunwa's motion was seconded by Senator Adeola Solomon Olamilekan (APC, Lagos West) and was unanimously adopted by the senators.
Also contributing, Senator Adamu Aliero (APC, Kebbi Central), said: “We are asking that those recommendations (of the confab) be brought to us. They should be implemented where necessary”.
On their part, Senator Jonah Jang (PDP, Plateau North), said: “I agree that the report should be tabled before the Senate and let us look at what Nigerians want. And then we can look at the major issues that are affecting this country because I believe the conference deliberated on so many issues affecting this country.”
In their remarks, Deputy Senate President, Senator Ike Ekweremadu, who presided over yesterday's plenary, said the patriotism exhibited by senators was one thing that made the Senate stand out.
They also said disagreement among the different ethnic groups was unnecessary, adding that the country was better off united and that a just and equitable society should be the concern of every Nigerian.
Ekweremadu, who appealed for restraints from all quarters to ensure a prosperous nation, urged the government to address the complaints of citizens as well as make laws to guard against reckless utterances.
“It's not time to look at ourselves as either black or white. Our beauty lies in the mix of our colours. We must show leadership as leaders. It is not time to leave the leadership of this country to adhoc tendencies.
“In doing so, we must address the fears and complaints of our citizens. I believe this is what we have started today.”
The motion was the only issue discussed yesterday at plenary for three hours as Deputy Senate President, Ike Ekweremadu, ensured almost all the senators contributed.
Earlier in their presentation, Senate Leader, Ahmad Lawan, expressed concern that the greatest challenge facing Nigeria today was the threat to national unity, with centrifugal forces calling for self-determination, ethnicity and religious intolerance to envelope national consciousness.
They observed that national integration had been the priority of government which saw the establishment of the National Youth Service Corps, NYSC, unity schools system, federal character principles and many other affirmative policies intended to achieve national integration and peaceful coexistence, among others.”
Other senators in their contributions, harped on the need to address issues that had led to agitations across the country.
Senator Sam Egwu, PDP, Ebonyi North, who noted that there had been a lot of Injustice in the country, said there should be a guided restructuring and called on the leaders to be very careful in handling the agitations.
Although Egwu stated that the agitations of those calling for secession do not enjoy the support of majority of Igbos, they called for caution in handling issues of restructuring as they feared it might tear the country apart.
Also contributing, Senator Shehu Sani, APC, Kaduna Central, said since 1960, Nigeria had experienced “series of convulsion” in its journey to nationhood.
‘'As we desire to have a single nation, it is very important that politicians from all sides of the divide and from all political zones recommit and rededicate themselves to the unity and collective peace and happiness of the Federal Republic of Nigeria.
“Politicians from the South-East, South-West and South-South must have the courage, conviction and the consistence to insist on one nation. similarly, politicians from the North must have the courage, conviction and that consistence to insist that this is an indissoluble union,'' they said.
On their part, the Deputy Senate Whip, Senator Francis Alimikhena, APC, Edo North, noted that this was not the time to wake up the consciousness of the military or drum for any secession.
On their part, the Chief Whip, Senator Olushola Adeyeye, APC, Osun Central, said the nation was at a point where it was obvious that both the leadership and the citizenry have shown that they had learned nothing from history.
“The history of the world has clearly shown that unity pays. They realise that having tiny, disparate and nonviable economic units cannot be completed in the world. We must conduct ourselves in such a way that we can stay united.
‘'Unity is not an end in itself. It ought to be a means to an end. We must destroy the myth of the greener grass. Every section of Nigeria thinks that life is better elsewhere. The truth is every part of Nigeria is struggling. We have a duty to turn it into paradise. We can make it, if we work together and stay united.”
Similarly, Senator Magnus Abe, APC, Rivers South- East, said: “We have a union that is not perfect but we could make it better. There is no country that becomes a great country merely by circumstance or by chance.
‘'Great nations are built by the sacrifice of its citizens. Our diversity is our greatest challenge but it is also our greatest strength. We must come together and build a strong, virile, prosperous nation.”
On their part, the Senate Deputy Minority Leader, Emmanuel Bwacha, PDP, Taraba South, who also posited that no section of the country could go it alone, said that if one person from a part of the country was arrested for treasonable statements, same should apply to anther from another part of the country for a similar offence.
“We must work together for the strength of this country,'' they said.
In their contribution, Senate Minority Leader, Senator Godswill Akpabio, PDP, Akwa Ibom North – West, observed that forces of disintegration have risen up all over the country as a result of piled up anger among ethic nationalities, coupled with issues of marginalization and feelings of persecution.
They said: “Nigeria has been a country of motion without movement due to poor leadership. But we cannot compromise on its unity, we must do everything possible to keep this unity. We can only make progress as a nation if we remain united. But we must caution our children against hate utterances.”
It would be recalled that former President Jonathan appointed 492 delegates to the National Conference which held for 151 days at the National Judicial Institute, NJI, on March 17, 2014.
The post Senate to FG: Forward 2014 Confab report to us as Bill appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
