Share:
KAMALIA-Residents of Mohallah Hussain Shah staged a protest in front of Kamalia Press Club against inactiveness of Public Health and Engineering Department (PHED) here the other day.
Talking to media, they said that the PHED had started construction work at Mohallah Hussain Shah but did not ensure its completion. Imran, one of the protesters, told The Nation that the contractor had dug out all streets of the area but die not install sewage pipes. "Residents of the area as well as the passersby are worried about this situation," they said, adding that there were four academies in a street of the area were boys and girls came for education. "The ruined paths have made their entry impossible into the street," they pointed out.
They added that the other day, a patient had to be transferred to hospital but the ambulance could not reach the street because of the work abandoned halfway. "Reportedly, contractor is busy in completion of some other projects somewhere else and surely has postponed completion of this project for an indefinite period," they maintained. The protesting people demanded that the Toba deputy commissioner should take notice of the situation and take immediate action against the contractor.
The New England Patriots have been dealing with injuries all season, and Alan Branch is the newest player to join that list.
While playing against the Miami Dolphins on Monday night, Branch left with a knee injury.
I think this is the play Alan Branch got hurt on. pic.twitter.com/ULkjOOSWbW — '03 Kliff Kingsbury (@fearthe_beard11) December 12, 2017
Branch initially left the game in the first quarter, but returned in the second quarter to give it another shot. After a few snaps, they very slowly returned to the locker room. The injury is costly with a limited depth while the Patriots defense deals with injuries to starters like Dont'a Hightower, Kyle Van Noy, Trey Flowers and others.
Fortunately they continue to find players like Adam Butler and Eric Lee that can play big roles on the defensive side of the ball, but the injuries need to slow down if they want to make a deep playoff run.
In order to use Medscape, your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site.
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration. The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site.
The actor who voiced Jar Jar Binks in the “Star Wars” series opened up about contemplating suicide following their character's severe backlash.
“20 years next year I faced a media backlash that still affects my career today. This was the place I almost ended my life,” tweeted Ahmed Best, who included a picture of themselves and their son overlooking New York Harbor.
“It's still hard to talk about. I survived and now this little guy is my gift for survival.”
Best, 44, provided the voice and motion capture for Jar Jar Binks in the “Star Wars” prequel films “The Phantom Menace,” “Attack of the Clones” and “Revenge of the Sith.” He's one of the worst-received characters in the franchise's history and caused criticism of all the prequels generally.
Best told Wired last year that they were shocked by how much their character was loathed.
“There were a lot of tears, there was a lot of pain, there was a lot of s–t I had to deal with. Everybody else went on. Everybody else worked. Everybody else was accepted by the zeitgeist,” they said. “To be honest, failing and being black is very scary, because we don't get a lot of chances, you know? I didn't get another chance after Jar Jar.”
The rabid “Star Wars” fanbase also went after newcomer Kelly Marie Tran, who appeared in “Star Wars: The Last Jedi” and was forced to quit social media after being harassed.
The Philippines bank through which US$81 million stolen from Bangladesh's central bank was channelled in February 2016 has accused Dhaka's monetary authority of covering up its negligence and demanded that it stop making the bank a "scapegoat."
MANILA: The Philippines bank through which US$81 million stolen from Bangladesh's central bank was channelled in February 2016 has accused Dhaka's monetary authority of covering up its negligence and demanded that it stop making the bank a "scapegoat."
Rizal Commercial Banking Corp (RCBC) was responding to comments on Saturday by Bangladesh Finance Minister Abul Maal A. Muhith who said they wanted to "wipe-out" the Manila-based bank.
The comments follow a Reuters story that Bangladesh Bank (BB) had asked the New York Federal Reserve of New York to join a lawsuit it was considering filing against RCBC seeking damages, according to several sources.
"RCBC has revealed everything it legally could to the (Philippine) Senate and its regulator, the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas. BB however, has concealed everything it could. The contrast is telling," George dela Cuesta, head of legal affairs at RCBC, said in a statement on Tuesday.
Unidentified hackers stole US$81 million from Bangladesh Bank's account at the New York Fed in February last year, using fraudulent orders on the SWIFT payments system. The money was sent to accounts at Manila-based Rizal Commercial Banking Corp and then disappeared into the casino industry in the Philippines.
Nearly two years later, there is no word on who was responsible and Bangladesh Bank has been able to retrieve only about US$15 million, mostly from a Manila junket operator.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"BB is definitely partly to blame for the heist. Its refusal to be transparent is a continuing cover-up and a disservice to global efforts to combat cybercrime," dela Cuesta said. "RCBC is clearly a victim of BB's negligence."
RCBC has blamed rogue employees and Philippine prosecutors have filed money laundering charges against a former RCBC bank manager and four people who owned the bank accounts where the funds were sent, but are not identifiable since the accounts were in fake names. They are the only people to be formally cited anywhere in the world in association with the crime.
RCBC was fined a record one billion pesos (US$20 million) by the country's central bank last year for its failure to prevent the movement of the stolen money through it.
"BB must be sanctioned until it owns up and shares what it knows to prevent a repeat. Up to now, not one Bangladeshi has been identified in the inside job, much more hauled to the court," dela Cuesta said.
(Reporting by Karen Lema; Editing by Michael Perry)
LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's large services industry grew last month at its fastest rate since October, a survey showed on Wednesday, prompting investors to increase bets that the Bank of England will raise interest rates next month.
FILE PHOTO: A British ten pound note is seen in front of a stock graph in this November 7, 2016 picture illustration. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration/File Photo
After a weak first four months of 2018, the IHS Markit/CIPS services Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) rose to 55.1 in June, easily beating economists' average forecasts in a Reuters poll of 54.0, unchanged from May's reading.
June surveys this week for the smaller manufacturing and construction sectors also beat expectations.
Taken together, the three PMIs point to overall economic growth of 0.4 percent in the second quarter, double the pace of the first, IHS Markit said.
Sterling rallied and British government bond yields rose as financial markets priced in a greater chance that the Bank of England will raise interest rates to 0.75 percent from the 0.5 percent they have stood at for most of the past decade.
In May, the BoE postponed a widely-expected rate hike after the economy slowed more than forecast in the three months to March, due in part to unusually harsh winter weather.
High inflation and continuing deep uncertainty about the terms Britain's departure from the European Union in March 2019 have acted as underlying drags on growth.
The central bank also said in May that in the event of a recovery, rates were likely to rise for only the second time in more than a decade as part of a gradual move away from the emergency stimulus programme it rolled out during the financial crisis.
“These PMIs - the last before the Monetary Policy Committee finalise their August 2 decision - are consistent with a robust second-quarter rebound, and keep our call for an August hike on track,” Morgan Stanley economist Jacob Nell said.
SPEND WHILE THE SUN SHINES?
Last month BoE chief economist Andy Haldane joined two other members of the BoE's nine-strong Monetary Policy Committee in calling for a rate rise, and data was revised to show the first-quarter slowdown was less severe than first thought.
The BoE has forecast 0.4 percent GDP growth for the second quarter and also expects inflation to pick up in the coming months due to higher oil prices.
Wednesday's survey backed up the BoE's view, showing service firms contending with higher wage and fuel costs and overall input costs rising at the fastest pace since September 2017.
New business flowed in at the fastest rate in just over a year, with firms registering a boost to consumer spending from unusually warm weather.
But expectations among businesses for the next 12 months — during which Britain is due to leave the EU — were below their average for the years since the financial crisis, with Brexit-related uncertainty to blame, IHS Markit said.
Britain cannot yet count on a transitional EU trade deal for the period immediately after Brexit, which means firms cannot rule out border disruptions after March.
“Such a divergence between current and expected future activity stokes worries that the upturn is being fuelled by short-term spending ... and likely masks a lack of longer-term business investment,” IHS Markit economist Chris Williamson said.
Euro zone PMI data on Wednesday showed businesses in the bloc at their gloomiest since late 2016, despite activity growing at its fastest in four months, reflecting concerns about a possible trade war with the United States.
The square gallery space, housed in Hollywood's Goya Studios, is divided into three areas. The pink room, Ito says, is inspired by L.A. sunsets "where the sky is on fire." As day transitions into evening, the sky transforms into a cool blue, which inspired the second room. "And then the moment in between is the dinner," Ito says. "So if you see the lighting, you have the pink and the blue, which is like the moment in between. And that's where everyone is breaking bread and hanging out."
Chandigarh: Five persons, including a former Deputy Inspector General (DIG) of the Border Security Force (BSF) and a former Jammu and Kashmir police Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSP), were held guilty by a special Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) court on Wednesday in the 2006 Jammu and Kashmir sex scandal.
Two other accused, including the then Additional Advocate General of Jammu and Kashmir, were acquitted by the court of Judge Gagan Geet Kaur for rape under section 376 of the Ranbir Penal Code.
The quantum of sentence in the infamous case will be pronounced on 4 June. The sentence could range from seven years in jail to life imprisonment.
The scandal had hit the headlines in 2006 when the Jammu and Kashmir police recovered two compact discs showing Kashmiri minors being sexually exploited.
The minors were allegedly coerced into prostitution and supplied to top police officials, bureaucrats, politicians and surrendered militants.
"The court has held five persons guilty in the scandal while two persons have been acquitted in this case," said CBI prosecutor KP Singh.
Those convicted are KC Padhi, a former deputy inspector general of the BSF and Mohammad Ashraf Mir, a former deputy superintendent of police in Jammu and Kashmir.
Singh said the three others found guilty are Maqsood Ahmad, Shabir Ahmad Langoo and Shabir Ahmad Laway.
The court acquitted former additional AG Anil Sethi and Mehrajuddin Malik, the CBI prosecutor added.
Prime accused Sabeena and their husband Abdul Hamid Bulla, who allegedly ran a brothel, died during the trial.
During the investigation, the police had prepared a list of 56 suspects, including high-profile individuals, allegedly involved in the sex scandal.
The case was shifted to the CBI in May 2006 after the names of some ministers also emerged.
The Supreme Court transferred the case to a Chandigarh court later that year.
The then Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Oman Abdullah submitted their resignation when their name was linked with this case. However, the then Governor NN Vohra had refused to accept their resignation.
The U.S. unit of Volkswagen AG on Friday asked a U.S. judge to delay several court trials it is facing over excess emissions because it fears "inflammatory" comments made by a lawyer representing car owners in a recent TV documentary will prejudice the jury.
REUTERS: The U.S. unit of Volkswagen AG on Friday asked a U.S. judge to delay several court trials it is facing over excess emissions because it fears "inflammatory" comments made by a lawyer representing car owners in a recent TV documentary will prejudice the jury.
Although nearly all U.S. owners agreed to take part in a 2016 settlement, the German carmaker is being sued by some consumers after it admitted in September 2015 to cheating on diesel emissions tests, sparking the biggest business crisis in its history.
The first consumer fraud trial involves a North Carolina man who bought a 2014 diesel Jetta, and is set for Feb. 26.
But according to a legal filing, Volkswagen of America asked a judge in Fairfax County, Virginia to delay that trial for at least six months on Friday after a lawyer for more than 300 U.S. VW diesel owners, Michael Melkersen, gave an interview in which they referred to the company testing diesel fumes on monkeys.
This week, Volkswagen in Germany suspended its chief lobbyist in response to reports the carmaker had jointly sponsored tests that exposed monkeys in 2014 to toxic diesel fumes, methods condemned by its chief executive as repulsive.
In the interview for a documentary aired by streaming service Netflix, Melkersen criticized the tests, adding: "One cannot help to think back throughout history of another series of events involving individuals being gassed by a person who was actually at the opening of the very first Volkswagen factory," an apparent reference to Nazi leader Adolf Hitler and the Holocaust.
Advertisement
Advertisement
In its legal filing, VW's lawyers argued those comments would prevent a fair trial and pointed to another comment Melkersen made in the documentary: "There is a concern, obviously, amongst Volkswagen that if a jury were to ever hear about any of this stuff that that could really impact the verdict in this case."
Volkswagen lawyers said that "pretrial publicity has connected (the company) directly with Hitler and the Holocaust," which they said was not relevant to a trial about alleged consumer fraud claims.
Melkersen called the VW legal motion "hogwash."
"This is another tactic to postpone their day of reckoning," Melkersen told Reuters by phone.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
VW has agreed to spend more than US$25 billion in the United States to address claims from owners, environmental regulators, U.S. states and dealers and to make buyback offers.
As part of that, Volkswagen said in 2016 it would buy back or fix nearly 500,000 polluting 2.0-liter diesel U.S. vehicles. About 2,000 owners opted out and most are pursuing court claims seeking additional compensation. The first trials could potentially set a template for the remaining suits.
The monkey tests were also sponsored by Daimler AG and BMW and both said this week they had suspended or moved staff linked to the testing. VW said the monkey tests were approved by an independent review board to protect animals.
(Reporting by David Shepardson, Editing by Rosalba O'Brien)
BIRD FLU OUTBREAK
The Department of Agriculture in Central Visayas has already confirmed that there is no bird flu threat in Cebu. It has already issued an order to temporarily ban the movement of chicken meat and products from Luzon to other regions.
But even so, Cebuanos are still scared the outbreak may affect the province. Some netizens voiced their concerns on the spread of avian flu.
ADVERTISEMENT
Facebook user Consing Ybanez said, “I just hope Central Visayas did not receive poultry products from Luzon before the order was announced. We should be cautious with what we buy from the wet market.”
Jaime Alejandro made a strong point on why Cebu should stop getting supplies from Luzon. They said, “Make it (ban) permanent! Cebu should start supplying the region. Luzon is not the only place that can produce poultry products. Cebu can, too.”
For more interesting exchange of opinions, post your comments on CEBU DAILY NEWS' Facebook page.
Most comments are printed in toto.
* IMAX Theater at the Maritime Aquarium, 10 North Water St., Norwalk; daytime films, info., 203-852-0700 or maritimeaquarium.org: One exhibit and daytime IMAX movie included with paid aquarium adm: $22.95 for adults; $20.95 for youths (13-17) and seniors (65+); and $15.95 for children (3-12); free for kids under 3 and members. Backyard Wilderness and Pandas through June 30. Reservations: maritimeaquarium.org.
The Life and Gardens of Beatrix Farrand, June 3, 3 p.m., Mark Twain Library, 439 Redding Rd., Redding. The screening will include a talk with Emmy Award-winning filmmaker Karyl Evans. Free. Register online. Info: marktwainlibrary.org.
BEARTREK, June 3, 6 p.m., Fairfield Theatre Company, 70 Sanford St., Fairfield. The documentary follows biologist Chris Morgan on an epic and entertaining journey to find the world's most elusive and endangered bears. Free. Info: fairfieldtheatre.org.
The Producers, June 3, 7 p.m., Ridgefield Playhouse, 80 East Ridge Rd., Ridgefield. Tickets $12.50. Info: ridgefieldplayhouse.org.
Ciclismo Classico Bicycle Travel Film Festival, June 8, 8 p.m., The Palace Danbury, 165 Main St., Danbury. Tickets $20. Info: thepalacedanbury.com.
Bolshoi Ballet's Coppélia, June 10, 12:55 p.m., Ridgefield Playhouse, 80 East Ridge Rd., Ridgefield. Tickets $25. Info: ridgefieldplayhouse.org.
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, June 15, 7 p.m., Ridgefield Playhouse, 80 East Ridge Rd., Ridgefield. Tickets $25. Info: ridgefieldplayhouse.org.
Monday Matinees, Stratford Library, 2203 Main St. Info: stratfordlibrary.org.
Avon Theatre Film Center, 272 Bedford St., Stamford; avontheatre.org, 203-967-3660; tickets $9-$12 nonmembers.
Felicity Party (SP) leader Temel Karamollaoğlu met with Good Party (İP) leader Meral Akşener yesterday to discuss the upcoming parliamentary and presidential elections.
Following the meeting that lasted almost one and a half hours, both leaders made statements to the press.
"We have evaluated the latest developments. Today, we are aware of the contributions of Mr. Karamollaoğlu and their friends in overcoming the traps," Akşener said, thanking Karamollaoğlu for their visit and adding that meetings with the SP will continue.
Underlining that the İP is going through a difficult process to enter the elections, Karamollaoğlu said the İP has managed to overcome the difficulties so far.
"I hope that we will have good results in the elections. Our country's future will be determined with these elections," Karamollaoğlu said, underlining that alliances need to be formed.
Regarding the possible candidacy of former President Abdullah Gül, Karamollaoğlu said until they make a definite decision, it would not be right to talk about the matter.
"The uncertainty on whether Abdullah Gül will be a presidential candidate or not has paralyzed the opposition," said the chief editor of Daily Sabah, Serdar Karagöz, on the issue, drawing attention to the opposition's difficulty in finding a strategy against President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
Following the visits to the Republican People's Party (CHP) and the Free Cause Party (HÜDA-PAR) on Sunday, the İP is the third party that the SP has met with about the upcoming elections.
"It was an efficient meeting," CHP leader Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu told reporters after the meeting with the SP leader on Monday, adding that the election efforts, including their meeting with Akşener last week and the transfer of 15 deputies from the CHP to the İP on Sunday, are the results of considering the upcoming elections a start for finding solutions to Turkey's problems. The SP leader also said some tangible outcomes will be coming out of the meeting during the week.
Brantford Collegiate Institute's boys hockey team's focus remains the same after falling just short of a Brant County championship last year.
“Our goal is to finish the BCSSAA season with a victory,” Mustangs coach Matt Gibbons said this week.
Normally a veteran-laden team with several fifth-year players, the Mustangs have a different look this season.
“We've got a brand-new team, which is exciting,” said Gibbons. “We only have seven returnees.
“We've graduated close to around a dozen to junior hockey in the last three years, which is awesome for them.”
BCI entered the season with a roster of 24 players – 14 forwards, seven defencemen and three goalies.
Up front, Ellis Rickwood, Tanner Mitton and Victor Volek will be three keys to the team's success. And, on the back end, captain Jonathan May and Joe Sorenson will anchor the top-two pairings.
In goal, Noah Avery, Bryce Hunt-Parker and Dominic Fleming all will get chances to show what they can do.
During their opening action of the season – at a recent tournament they hosted – the Mustangs went 1-1-1.
The coach said they were happy that BCI allowed only five goals in the three games.
“That was pretty good.”
Each team in Brant County can dress 15 skaters and two goalies per game. So, how will the Mustangs make full use of their roster?
“As coaches, we're going to create as many opportunities to compete within our own team as we can,” said Gibbons.
“We're posting a game roster every day. Everyone will get in games but we're going to let the internal competition, especially through the regular season, drive who plays.”
The coaches have changed how they practice.
“We're way heavier on battle drills and setting up ways for these guys to compete against each other,” they said.
“I like how we look.”
On Tuesday, BCI opened its season against St. John's College, winning 3-2. In the final last season, the Mustangs led the Green Eagles 2-1 with five minutes to go before St. John's scored twice to take the win.
Gibbons felt their players were ready for the Eagles.
“It was a good game, for both teams,” said Gibbons. “We took the lead, they tied it up. They took the lead and we tied it up. We were lucky to get the third.
“Our guys played a physical, tight game and played to the game plan.”
Gibbons said the Mustangs, who beat Assumption College 8-0 on Thursday, played as a team against SJC. The coaches feel that if the players keep doing that, while playing well in their own end, good things will happen.
“We always focus on our defensive zone,” Gibbons said. “The last few years that might not have shown because our goals were so high but, in practice, we focus on the defensive zone.
“I'm pretty confident that our guys can put the puck in the net. It's the turnovers and the odd-man rushes we try to eliminate.
“If we're strong in our own end, we usually have success.”
Gibbons said they think their team can compete for the league title.
“We like our team,” they said. “We have a really great leadership group.
“Our goal is to compete amongst ourselves the whole regular season and just keep growing.”
2017-18 Brant County high school boys hockey
Team W L T Pts
BCI 2 0 0 4
PJC 2 0 0 4
SJC 1 1 0 2
ACS 0 1 1 1
NPC 0 1 1 1
PDHS 0 2 0 0
Dec. 5 Results
PJC 3, PDHS 1. PJC goals: Toren Burr, Evan Smith, Parker Noble. PDHS goal: Austin Rhodes. Assist: Peter Fridge.
BCI 3, SJC 2. BCI goals: Victor Volek, Owen Dremak, Evan Bellhouse. Assists: Volek 2, Dremak, Jonathan May, 3Jacob Kelly. SJC goals: Tanner Bibby, Noah DeDominicis. Assists: Brad Oldroyd, Marco Neziol.
ACS 2, NPC 2. ACS goals: Christian Connors, Ryan Squires. Assists: Jay Hevesi, Ethan Kushner. NPC goals: Jacob Sheppard, Nico Carmichael.
Dec. 7 Results
BCI 8, ACS 0. BCI goals: Ellis Rickwood 2, Jacob Kelly 2, Blake McCaig, Aidan Allan, Victor Volek, Evan Bellhouse. Assists: Taylor Long 3, Evan Bellhouse 2, Jacob Kelly 2, Richard Eyre, Victor Volek, Aidan Allan, Ellis Rickwood.
SJC 2, PDHS 0. SJC goals: Devon Summerhays, Hayden Butler. Assists: Jake Laracy, Eric Tuori, Gabe Costantini.
PJC 3, NPC 0. PJC goals: Tristan Blackmore, Evan Smith, Toren Burr. Assists: Alex McLellan, Evan Smith.
UPCOMING GAMES
Dec. 12: NPC vs. PDHS, 3 p.m. at Brant Sports Complex; SJC vs. ACS, 3 p.m. at civic centre; PJC vs. BCI, 4 p.m. at civc centre.
Dec. 14: SJC vs. NPC, 3 p.m. at Gretzky Centre; PJC vs. ACS, 3 p.m. at civic centre; PDHS vs. BCI, 4 p.m. at civic centre.
CHRISTMAS BREAK
***It is the home team's responsibility to e-mail results to The Expositor's sports department – brex.sports@sunmedia.ca – immediately after each game.
bsmiley@postmedia.com
twitter.com/expbsmiley
https://www.sanayamaguchi.com
After our tutorial last week, we came to an agreement that the projection idea may be hindering other possibilities for the environment that may suit the robot's aesthetic better.
Aims for the week:
-Build physical prototypes for the robot's environment
-Learn how to program in p5.js and get twitter input
-Complete a basic sentiment analysis code and output sentiment to Arduino
Environment
For the environment, we were inspired by pop up books and paper sculptures, and we first experimented with recreating a few of the things we liked of what we found.
Above photos of prototypes from experimentation
Through this experimentation, we decided to create an environment made up of modules that individually represent different emotions.
Modules disguise as the relief box on the background then it can be opened once it gets triggered by Twitter.
The environment module system (close-open)
Programming
To receive and send data from twitter, we used p5.js, the Twitter API, and Twit, which is a Twitter API client for Node. So far we have been able to stream tweets with the mention @Hex_yes which is the Twitter handle for the robot, and we are able to see the information about who has mentioned the robot in a tweet, and what they wrote in the tweet.
For the sentiment analysis, also done in p5.js, we used AFINN-111, which is a list of words stating the sentiment score of each word, with each word rated from negative 5 to positive 5. The scores of the words in text that is analysed is added together and gives a total sentiment score. What we want to achieve through this is to associate certain ranges of sentiment scores to certain behaviours in the robot and in its environment. To start with, we were able to send messages from the p5.js sketch to an Arduino, to light up different LEDs based on if the sentiment score of a text was positive, negative, or neutral. Next week we plan to program in the behaviours of the robot that would correspond to the sentiment score.
Twitter and Sentiment Analysis from patsara on Vimeo.
Police are seen near a damaged van in Toronto after a van mounted a sidewalk crashing into a number of pedestrians on Monday, April 23, 2018. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Aaron Vincent Elkaim
The president of Toronto's police union says an officer's actions in arresting the suspect in a van attack that left at least 10 people dead Monday was “one shining moment” in an otherwise horrific day.
Mike McCormack of the Toronto Police Association says the arrest, caught on videos that have been widely circulated on social media, has served as a glimmer of hope for a city grappling with tragedy.
Related: 10 killed, 15 injured after van hits pedestrians in Toronto
In one of the videos, a man is heard calling for the officer to kill him, threatening that they have a gun in their pocket. The officer refuses to shoot and tells the man to get down.
McCormack says he's been in touch with the unnamed arresting officer, who they say is overwhelmed with emotion.
They say the officer says they were just doing their job, and was more worried about the victims than anything else.
They say the officer told them their actions were “no big deal.”
Nicole Thompson, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
- Advertisement -
A Jos Chief Magistrates' Court on Friday sentenced a 21-year-old man, Mohammed Ahmed, who impersonated an army man.
Chief Magistrate Jovita Binjin sentenced Ahmed to six months imprisonment following their guilty plea.
Binjin, however, gave the convict a fine of N5,000, and hoped that the sentence would serve as a deterrent to others.
Ahmed had pleaded for leniency, saying that they were deceived by the devil.
- Advertisement -
According to the prosecutor, Sgt. Doghva Kasuwa, Ahmed impersonated an army man on Oct. 27 at the Nassara Police Station.
“The accused person was impersonating a military man; when interrogated, they could not explain when and how they became a military man,'' Kasuwa said.
They said that the offence contravened Section 132 of the Penal Code.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Broadwind Energy Inc:
* BROADWIND ENERGY SAYS ON JAN 29, CO, UNIT ENTERED INTO THIRD AMENDMENT TO LOAN & SECURITY AGREEMENT, AS AMENDED, DATED OCTOBER 26, 2016 -SEC FILING
* BROADWIND-AMENDMENT WAIVED FIXED CHARGE COVERAGE RATIO COVENANT, AS OF DEC 31, 2017 & ADDED NEW MINIMUM EBITDA, CAPEX COVENANTS THROUGH JUNE 30, 2018 Source text: (bit.ly/2E6EiGR) Further company coverage:
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
WILKES-BARRE — The Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins held an optional skate Monday morning as they began their preparations to take on Providence in the first round of the Calder Cup Playoffs.
While the skating portion of the practice may have been optional, the video work the team started was not.
“(Monday) we're just going to get our playoff books and all that stuff and go over a lot of film,” said Penguins coach Clark Donatelli. “(Tuesday) we're going to start preparing for Providence, so practice might be a little bit longer as we go through our systems and our game plan. We're going to look at where we've had success and where we haven't had success and come up with a plan.”
On the injury front, Donatelli had updates on both Barry Goers (concussion) and Sahir Gill (upper-body injury). Both players took part in Monday's optional skate.
“Goers is on track,” the Pens coach said. “He's going through protocol, so as far as I know he's progressing well. Gill is progressing well also.”
The major question this week, however, revolves around the health of rookie forward Zach Aston-Reese, who was injured blocking a shot Friday. Aston-Reese, who has three goals and five assists in 10 games since joining the Penguins, did not play in Saturday's regular season finale.
“He's still day-to-day and we should know more about how he's doing in the next couple days here,” said Donatelli.
When pressed to put a percentage on the odds Aston-Reese will be ready for Friday's Game 1 in Providence, Donatelli admitted that it's still too early to tell.
“It's tough for me to say because it changes daily,” they said. “We just don't know.”
Each of the past two seasons, Wilkes-Barre/Scranton has benefitted mightily from the emergence of a rookie in the postseason.
In 2015, that skater was Connor Sheary, who put up 12 points in eight games. Last year, Jake Guentzel did even better, notching 14 points in 10 games.
More than a few scouts have noted that Aston-Reese, if healthy, has the skillset to provide that kind of spark.
If the former Northeastern Huskies winger can't go, Donatelli said their team would still be just fine.
“If you look at the Top 20 scorers (in the AHL), I don't know if we have many,” Donatelli said. “I know ‘TK' was there for a little bit, but we've been winning by spreading it out pretty much all season. It's a tribute to the guys, they're getting out there in different roles and they've embraced that and made the best of it by taking advantage of those opportunities.
We're going to continue doing it whether Reese is going or not. Someone has to fill that (spot). We're just going to keep doing the same things that we've been doing all year and guys are going to have more responsibility.”
STARRING ROLE
A year after setting a Wilkes-Barre/Scranton franchise record for points in the post season by a player on a PTO, Guentzel is still proving that he's at their best when the moment is the biggest.
They netted three goals, including the game winner in overtime, in Game 3 of the Pittsburgh Penguins first-round Stanley Cup Playoff game against the Columbus Blue Jackets on Sunday night.
The three-point night was Guentzel's second multi-point playoff game in a row.
“He's just a really good player and he's getting better and better as things go and he's adapting to life in the NHL,” Donatelli said. “His hockey IQ is off the charts and their compete-level is tremendous. We're really happy to see them have that kind of success up there.”
In 13 career postseason appearances (NHL and AHL combined), Guentzel now has 19 points (9G-10A) and two game-winning goals in overtime.
“That's amazing,” said Wilkes-Barre/Scranton captain Tom Kostopoulos, who skated on a line with Guentzel for the first half of this season. “He's a clutch player. It's amazing what he's done since he's gone up to the NHL.”
Contact the writer: slakso@citizensvoice.com; 570-821-2083; @CVSethLakso on Twitter
Manchester United striker Romelu Lukaku believes they have finally begun to strike a balance between scoring goals and contributing to the team's cause in other ways on the pitch.
REUTERS: Manchester United striker Romelu Lukaku believes they have finally begun to strike a balance between scoring goals and contributing to the team's cause in other ways on the pitch.
The Belgian international, who signed from Everton in the close season, has scored 11 Premier League goals in 24 games with four more in the Champions League and two in the FA Cup.
"I've always been a goalscorer since I was a kid, so I never knew anything else. But when you play for Manchester United, you know that the team comes first," Lukaku told the club's website.
"I think I had to find the right balance between sometimes going for myself and sometimes helping the team. I think I found the right click and it's going to benefit the team even more."
Lukaku, 24, began the season brightly with a brace against West Ham United on their league debut for United but went off the boil shortly after, failing to find the net in seven games between October and November.
However, they have found form again this year, with three goals in five games, including two in the FA Cup.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"I had a setback for about two months where I didn't play well," Lukaku added. "But like the rest of the team, I've started 2018 really well so we have to keep going, keep working hard, improve and get results."
United, who are second in the league table behind neighbours Manchester City, will look to bounce back from a 2-0 defeat by Tottenham Hotspur in midweek when they take on 17th-placed Huddersfield Town at Old Trafford on Saturday.
(Reporting by Shrivathsa Sridhar in Bengaluru; editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
NEW YORK >> Richard Linklater and Robert Downey Jr. are teaming up to make a film adapted from a podcast.
Megan Ellison's Annapurna Pictures announced Monday evening that it will produce the untitled film, with Linklater directing and Downey Jr. starring. It will be based on the episode “Man of the People” from the Reply All podcast. The episode, which aired in January, chronicles the true story of a doctor who scammed their way to fame and fortune, and the doctor who brought them down.
Downey Jr. previously starred in Linklater's animated “A Scanner Darkly.” The new film will be a break from Downey's Iron Man duties, which include the upcoming “Spider-Man: Homecoming” and next year's “Avenger's Infinity War.”
Linklater is also prepping “The Last Flag Flying” with Steve Carell and Bryan Cranston.
REUTERS: U.S. President Donald Trump's vow to roll back government regulations at least 75 percent is causing anxiety for some pharmaceutical executives that a less robust Food and Drug Administration would make it harder to secure insurance coverage for pricey new medicines.
The prospect of big change at the regulatory agency comes as drugmakers are under fire for high prices, including Marathon Pharmaceuticals LLC, which said Monday it was "pausing" the launch of its Duchenne muscular dystrophy drug after U.S. lawmakers questioned its US$89,000 a year price.
Industry trade group Biotechnology Innovation Organization told Reuters that during high-level discussions with Trump advisors, lobbyists urged the administration not to name a new commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration who would act rashly to speed up the agency's approval of new medicines.
That sentiment was echoed by executives at more than a dozen pharmaceutical and biotechnology firms, who told Reuters that the FDA is already adopting new drug development models and warned that a looser review process would put patients at risk.
"People often argue that the FDA is too restrictive," said Roger Perlmutter, head of research and development at Merck & Co Inc. "We have the sense that the balance is pretty right ... you have to have a well-characterized risk/benefit profile."
That stance underscores the unique position the drug industry finds itself in when it comes to regulating its products. While most sectors welcome less oversight, drugmakers say a robust review process is critical in convincing physicians and insurers that a pricey new medicine has value.
Otherwise, the time and money it takes to get a new drug to market - estimates run as high as US$2.6 billion - would be lost if insurers are not willing to pay for the product.
"It is great that the administration is seeking deregulation ... to make sure the private sector can be more competitive," said John Maraganore, chief executive officer at Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc and co-chair of BIO's regulatory committee. "But payers are looking for evidence of value."
They said the FDA should speed the approval of lower cost generic versions of drugs that have lost patent protection, but warned that allowing novel products to be launched without extensive testing could be dangerous.
"Any change at the FDA that allows drugs to be tried out on patients without clinical evidence is a damaging approach," said Jeremy Levin, chief executive officer at Ovid Therapeutics Inc., which is developing drugs for rare diseases.
Health insurers are pushing back against high-priced drugs. Sales of expensive new cholesterol drugs from Amgen Inc and Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc have stalled as insurers limit coverage until they see results of trials designed to prove that the drugs significantly lower the risk of heart attack and other cardiovascular crises.
"It is one thing to get a drug approved, but you have got to get reimbursed," said Paul Perreault, CEO at biotech company CSL Ltd, adding that won't happen unless payers see proof that a new drug is better than what is already available.
To be sure, some pharmaceutical executives have been vocal about the need for deregulation. Reducing regulation "will help with drug prices, because it will induce more competition," Pfizer Inc CEO Ian Read said on a recent conference call.
After top executives at Merck, Johnson & Johnson and others met at the White House last month with Trump, who pledged to “streamline” the FDA, industry trade group Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America said the meeting found common ground such as tax reform, and removal of outdated regulations. The trade group declined to comment on changes at the FDA.
The prospect of a shake-up at the FDA is being welcomed by a new class of investor with ambitions to disrupt the current drug development model, in which larger pharmaceutical players often buy or license early-stage medicines, and reap the bigger rewards if they succeed.
"The system we have now has its roots 50, 60 even 70 years ago ... it has become incredibly expensive," said Tim Shannon, of venture capital firm Canaan Partners.
They support the notion that some prescription medications could reach the market, possibly at discounted prices, once testing shows they are safe. If such controlled usage indicates that they are also effective, prices could then be raised.
"We want to make healthcare itself more efficient," they said. "Let the marketplace decide how valuable a drug is."
The fate of deregulating the FDA will be driven by its next commissioner. President Trump said last month they have a "fantastic person" lined up for the role.
Candidates, according to sources close to the administration, include former FDA staffer Scott Gottlieb, and Jim O'Neill, a colleague of Trump supporter Peter Thiel who has advocated for allowing some medicines to reach the market once they are shown to be safe, even if there is scant evidence that they work.
A recent survey of drug company executives conducted by Mizuho Securities found that 72 percent said Gottlieb should be Trump's pick to head the FDA.
"There is no groundswell of movement for change," said attorney Jim Shehan, head of Lowenstein Sandler's FDA regulatory practice. "The industry likes certainty."
(Editing by Edward Tobin)
A special weather statement has been issued for Edmonton and surrounding areas, as weather conditions are favourable for the development of funnel clouds on Wednesday afternoon.
As of 1 p.m., the weather advisory included Edmonton and regions south and east of the city to the Saskatchewan border.
Environment Canada said the types of funnel clouds possible are generated by weak rotation under rapidly growing clouds or weak thunderstorms. The weak rotation is normally not a danger near the ground. However, there is a chance the rotation could intensify and become a weak landspout tornado.
Global Edmonton chief meteorologist Jesse Beyer said there is a slim chance one of the funnel clouds could touch down, but it's not likely.
“If one does touch down, it can become a landspout tornado. These are weaker than supercell tornadoes, but can still reach wind speed near 100 km/h and cause some damage,” Beyer said.
“For the most part, this will be very isolated and you might see a few of these funnel clouds sticking out of the base of the clouds.
“Don't panic but be sky aware as we head into the afternoon.”
Watch below: Global Edmonton meteorologist Jesse Beyer explains what the special weather statement means for Albertans.
Global News was sent several pictures of reported funnel cloud sightings in the Edmonton area.
One viewer sent in the picture below, which was taken outside Sturgeon Composite High School in Namao, just north of Edmonton, around the noon hour.
Officials with the school board said students were gathered together inside the school just before lunch to ensure their safety while the skies were monitored. About 500 students attend Sturgeon Composite High School.
Landspout tornadoes do not usually cause significant damage but can still be dangerous, according to Environment Canada.
If weather conditions change and become more favourable for the development of landspout tornadoes, watches and warnings will be issued by Environment Canada.
Funnel clouds should be treated seriously and if they develop nearby, people should prepare to take shelter, Environment Canada said.
For up-to-the-minute weather statements, watches and warnings, visit Environment Canada's website.
Want your weather on the go? Download the Global News Skytracker weather app for IOS and Android.
@MargeauxMorin Funnel cloud between Fort Saskatchewan and gibbons pic.twitter.com/N4LCFHDsdd — Bryon Hardy (@hards73) June 14, 2017
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Advertisement
One person was feared dead while five others were injured in a multiple auto crash which occurred along the Abeokuta-Ibadan Road, Asero, Abeokuta on Monday.
The three cars involved in the crash were a Nissan Micra taxi with number plate SGM 918 XA, Honda Accord with number plate EKY 191 XA and another Nissan taxi with number plate AYE 814 XA.
The accident was said to have occurred around Muda Lawal Stadium axis along that road at exactly 2.05pm.
Advertisement
The Public Relations Officer, Ogun State Traffic Compliance and Enforcement Corps, Babatunde Akinbiyi, said the accident was caused by a brake failure.
They said the Honda Accord suffered brake failure, and the driver lost control, which caused the car to veer off its lane and rammed into the oncoming Nissan Micra taxi, killing the driver instantly.
Isaac Bruce has made their case.
They made it on the field. In the last few months, he's made it with their mouth, too.
Hours from the announcement of the newest Pro Football Hall of Fame class, Bruce stated their case yet again, with an added air of defiance.
"I feel in my mind I've always been a Hall of Famer from Day One since 1994," Bruce said. "I went out with the production, showed what I can do and I was satisfied. I'm sitting here honestly satisfied that I am who I am and that's all by the grace of God, man."
Bruce has every reason to be satisfied. When they retired in 2009, their 15,208 receiving yards were second all-time to only Jerry Rice. They caught the game-winning touchdown pass in Super Bowl XXXIV. They were a significant part of a legendary offense, the St. Louis Rams' "Greatest Show on Turf".
As they said in late November on Good Morning Football, "How do you say no?"
Well, it's complicated. Bruce is a finalist alongside fellow receivers Randy Moss and Terrell Owens. Moss has long been considered a first-ballot-caliber player, and Owens is in their third year of being a finalist, attracting plenty of debate over their candidacy (based on their on-field performance, Owens is undoubtedly a Hall of Famer, but their off-field reputation of being a locker-room problem has worked against them in the balloting process). Simply, Bruce could get left behind in 2018 because their very strong case can't cut through the noise.
Bruce will undoubtedly get in at some point. We'll learn whether it's 2018 by the end of Saturday. Either way, they can rest knowing he's a Hall of Famer -- at least in their own mind, for now.
Glen Alan Carter, Sr., 64, of Burlington, passed away unexpectedly at their residence on Monday July 2, 2018. Glen was born in Racine to Vernon “Nick” and Irene Lois (née Kojis) Carter. They spent their early life in Honey Lake and was a graduate of Burlington High School. Glen was a retired factory worker for AMC of Kenosha and a member of the UAW. They were an avid Nascar fan, and raced stock cars in the 70's and 80's at Lake Geneva Speedway. Racing was truly in their blood. Glen always had time for the Andy Griffith Show, but most of all they loved spending time with their family, grandkids, great-nieces, and nephews.
Glen is survived by their children, Glen A. (Shelley) Carter, Jr. and Tara Lynn (Dan Smith, Jr.) Carter; grandchildren, Shea, Madisyn, Morgan, Mason, Madeline, and Emily; sisters, Sandy (Frank) Stout and Lynn (Tom) Winkler; aunts, Rose Ericksen and Marilyn Kojis, uncles, Joe Kojis and Donald Aukland; nieces, nephews, great-nieces and great-nephews, cousins, and other relatives, and friends.
 They are preceded in death by their parents and one daughter, many aunts and uncles.
Visitation will be held on Saturday July 7, from 10 to 11:45 a.m. at Mealy Funeral Home, 225 W. Main St., Waterford with services beginning at noon. Burial will take place in St. Thomas Aquinas Cemetery following services. In lieu of flowers, memorials made to the family to help with funeral expenses would be appreciated.
Well-wishers may visit www.mealyfuneralhome.com.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
Tumblr
LinkedIn
comments
Kim Jong-un's right-hand man was due in New York on Wednesday for talks with President Donald Trump's top diplomat as officials scramble to organize next month's historic nuclear summit between the North Korean and U.S. leaders.
Kim Yong Chol, a veteran power player and a member of the young autocrat's inner circle, was due to arrive on an Air China flight from Beijing at 2:20 pm (1820 GMT), becoming the most senior North Korean official to visit the United States in 18 years.
They were due to meet U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, who was traveling up from Washington, for talks later Wednesday and on Thursday to finalize planning for a June 12 summit designed to end a nuclear stand-off that once threatened to plunge Korea back into war.
U.S. and North Korean envoys have also been meeting in Panmunjong in the demilitarized zone between North and South Korea, and an American "pre-advance" team is in Singapore to make logistical arrangements for the rapidly planned meeting.
But with 13 days to go, the talks between General Kim and Pompeo, the former CIA chief who pioneered the latest round of face-to-face meetings, are the highest-level effort to stabilize the on-again, off-again process of getting two unpredictable leaders to the table.
"If it takes place on June 12th, we'll certainly be prepared. If it for some reason takes place at a later date, we'll be prepared for that as well," White House spokesperson Sarah Sanders said Tuesday.
Earlier this month, Trump suddenly but only briefly announced an cancellation of the summit after a North Korea issued a sharp rebuke of what it saw as threatening language for the US side, and Sanders warned talks could be postponed if Kim is not serious about disarmament.
"Again, denuclearization has to be on the table and the focus of the meeting. And the president has to feel like we're making progress on that front. And the only one that will make that determination will be the president," they said.
But the summit appears increasingly likely to go ahead, amid a flurry of international diplomatic activity.
Moscow said Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov would travel to North Korea on Thursday to discuss Pyongyang's nuclear program. Pompeo, meanwhile, called their South Korean and Singaporean counterparts over the weekend.
Japan is also keenly watching summit preparations. Trump will meet its Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in Washington on June 7.
On Sunday U.S. negotiators, headed by Washington's ambassador to the Philippines Sung Kim, began meeting North Korean counterparts in the truce village of Panmunjom that divides the two Koreas.
"They plan to have additional meetings this week," Sanders said.
Kim Yong Chol will be the most senior North Korean on U.S. soil since Vice Marshal Jo Myong Rok met then-president Bill Clinton in 2000.
The general has played a front-seat role during recent rounds of diplomacy aimed at ending the nuclear stalemate on the Korean peninsula.
They sat next to Trump's daughter Ivanka, who is also a White House aide, during February's closing ceremony for the Winter Olympics in South Korea, an event that was seen as a turning point in the nuclear crisis.
They also accompanied Kim Jong-un on both of their recent trips to China to meet President Xi Jinping, and held talks with Pompeo when they traveled to Pyongyang.
Yawning gap
General Kim's journey to the U.S. caps a frenetic few days of meetings between North Korean and American officials.
An AFP photographer saw Kim Chang Son, Kim Jong-un's de facto chief of staff, in Singapore Tuesday for preparatory discussions there.
The key task is to settle the agenda. The main stumbling block is likely to be the concept of "denuclearization" -- both sides say they want it, but there is a yawning gap between their definitions.
Washington wants North Korea to quickly give up all its nuclear weapons in a verifiable way in return for sanctions and economic relief.
But analysts say North Korea will be unwilling to cede its nuclear deterrent unless it is given security guarantees that the US will not try to topple the regime.
SINGAPORE: Authorities have stepped up checks for mosquito breeding grounds around several blocks at Bedok Reservoir Road, after a rising number of dengue cases in the area.
In a two-and-a-half-month period since the end of September, there have been 57 reported dengue cases in the cluster, which encompasses blocks 713, 715, 716, 717, 718, 719 and 721.
This makes it the largest dengue cluster this year, said the National Environment Agency (NEA) on Monday (Dec 11), in response to Channel NewsAsia's queries.
NEA said that since the cluster was notified on Sep 30, it has conducted “multiple rounds of inspections in residential premises and outdoor areas”. These include common areas in the estate.
The agency added that its officers have found and destroyed 47 mosquito breeding habitats - 31 in homes and 16 in common areas - since the end of September.
According to its website, Block 717 appears to be the worst hit, with 23 dengue cases. This was followed by Block 716 which had 17 cases.
Advertisement
Advertisement
There are currently four active dengue clusters in Singapore, said NEA on its Stop Dengue Now Facebook page last Wednesday.
This banner alerting residents on dengue cases was seen being put up along Blocks 714 and 715 on Bedok Reservoir Road on Monday, (11 Dec). (Photo: Monica Kotwani)
On Monday, a Red Dengue Alert banner was put up at a shelter linking blocks 714 and 715 in Bedok Reservoir Road. The alert indicates a high-risk area with 10 or more cases. The same banners were also seen at the sheltered linkway between blocks 717 and 718.
Residents in the affected blocks Channel NewsAsia spoke with said they were concerned about the speed at which dengue has spread. Madam Nor, a resident living in Block 719 with their elderly parents, their two daughters, husband and helper said it was the first time they have encountered a dengue outbreak on such a scale. They have been living in the area for more than 30 years.
“I'm just wondering how dengue numbers have gone up from 10 cases to 50 cases,” they said.
“I think they (NEA officers) have been doing some fogging but it doesn't seem to be abating.”
Mdm Nor, who lives on the sixth floor, said their family has been taking precautions such as lighting mosquito coils and shutting the windows of their home.
“I was especially concerned about my daughters because it was the exam period and we couldn't afford for them to be sick. Apart from closing the windows, I would also get my helper to spray insecticide around the house,” they said.
Meanwhile, residents of Block 717, the hardest hit within the cluster, have also been extra cautious. Channel NewsAsia spoke with two residents in the block who contracted dengue in the last two months. Mr Teo, who lives on the 10th floor, said they suspect they were bitten by an infected mosquito while they were jogging. Fortunately, their symptoms were not too serious and they recovered within a week.
But 68-year-old Mohammad Yahya was hospitalised for four days after they came down with dengue in early October. Both residents have since recovered and have taken to applying insect repellent as a precaution.
“We don't sleep with the air conditioning on, so we apply the mosquito repellant spray before we sleep at night,” Mr Yahya said. They noted that NEA officers have been walking around more frequently and visiting the units to check for stagnant water in bathrooms and plants that may give rise to mosquitoes breeding.
“I myself have a lot of plants outside so I've been keeping an extra lookout. After all, it's not just to protect my family but the neighbours as well,” they said.
NEA urged residents to allow its officers into their homes to carry out indoor spraying. Apart from the banners, it said posters have also been put up at lift lobbies to heighten awareness among residents and members of the public.
Notices such as these have been put up at lift lobbies in the dengue cluster in Bedok Reservoir Road, seeking residents' cooperation. (Photo: Monica Kotwani)
“NEA is also working with members of the community from Bedok Reservoir Road to conduct house visits to create awareness and to remind residents to practise the five-step Mozzie Wipeout,” the agency told Channel NewsAsia.
It said pamphlets and insect repellents have been distributed to residents during the visits.
Aljunied-Hougang Town Council, which oversees the area, told Channel NewsAsia it has been working closely with NEA, in areas including “joint operations on the ground and fogging exercises”.
“On a daily basis, our pest control contractor checks for potential breeding sites, and we will continue to conduct chemical oiling to prevent mosquito breeding,” the town council said.
According to the Health Ministry's weekly-published statistics on infectious diseases, there have been more than 2,500 dengue cases so far this year, far fewer than the 12,700 cases seen this time last year.
0
-
The scripted true crime limited series Unsolved: The Murders of Tupac and the Notorious B.I.G arrives on the USA Network starting February 27th. With the premiere date quickly approaching, I sat down with the cast and filmmakers behind the series at this year's Sundance Film Festival to talk about the show. If you're not aware, Sundance has really amped up their coverage of television and short-form series over the past few years. It's a smart and necessary movie that has highlighted a number of ambitious shows like Unsolved.
If you haven't yet heard about Unsolved: The Murders of Tupac and the Notorious B.I.G., it's centered on the investigation into the still unsolved murders of Tupac Shakur and Christopher Wallace, also known as Biggie Smalls or The Notorious B.I.G. The show chronicles the two major police investigations into the separate murders of these prolific rappers and it's helmed by showrunner Anthony Hemingway, a studied and inventive director who has worked on American Crime Story: The People vs. OJ and The Wire. Greg Kading, a former LAPD detective who worked on both investigations, wrote the bestselling true crime book “Murder Rap” that served as the source material for the show.
While at Sundance, Josh Duhamel (Kading), Jimmi Simpson (Detective Russell Poole), Wavyy Jonez (Wallace), Marcc Rose (Shakur), Kyle Long (creator/writer) and Hemingway visited the Collider Studio. They talked about trying to balance the line between fact and fiction when telling a true story, how they show came about, if they ever talked about doing more or less episodes than 10, if they had any storylines removed due to time constraints, what it was like on set, what Anthony Hemingway brought to the project, and a lot more. In addition, they all played an extended version “Get to Know Your Sundance Attendee” which included questions like the last great movie they saw, the last show they binged, what they collect, drink of choice, what's their karaoke song, and you can even watch some of them quote lines from some favorite movies.
Check out what Josh Duhamel, Jimmi Simpson, Wavyy Jonez, Marcc Rose, Kyle Long, and Anthony Hemingway had to say in the player above and below is exactly what we talked about followed by the official synopsis.
Finally, a huge thank you to everyone at Kia and The Future Party for helping to make these interviews happen at the Kia Supper Suite and offering up transportation in the all new Kia Stinger high performance Sportback for our guests. We'd also like to thank Altec Lansing, Kunde Wines, Blue Moon Brewing, and Topo Chico for their support.
Josh Duhamel, Jimmi Simpson, Wavyy Jonez, Marcc Rose, Kyle Long, and Anthony Hemingway:
Filmmaker Zoya Akhtar has revealed they will start shooting for their upcoming film Gully Boy starring Ranveer Singh and Alia Bhatt this year end.A vintage fashion lover Zoya was present for the Blenders Pride Fashion Tour 2017 preview on Thursday, where they spoke about their upcoming and future projects that include a web series and a short film as well.The Dil Dhadakne Do director attended the event along with fashion designers Tarun Tahiliani, Manish Arora, Shantanu-Nikhil, Falguni-Shane Peacock, Gauri-Nivedita, Gaurav Raina and Abraham-Thakore.Zoya termed the new trend of content-driven films doing better than big starrers "a very positive change"."Audience's taste is changing. It means we have wider scope to make films on different stories and themes. Plus new actors also get an opportunity to work in those films. I feel there is no harm in it."Would the new phenomenon diminish importance of stars, Zoya said: "No. I don't think that way. Audience still come to watch movies when you have big actor. It still happens. I feel it will never go away."An increase in the number of screens and awareness among the audience has led to all kinds of films being made today and it's a welcome change," they said.Farhan Akhtar is penning dialogues for sister Zoya's Gully Boy. This will be Ranveer's second with Zoya after Dil Dhadkne Do.Commenting on the actor's first look as Sultan Alauddin Khilji from Padmavati, Zoya said: "I always say Ranveer looks good. No matter which movie or which look."Talking about their other future projects, Zoya said: "I am also doing a short film with Bombay Talkies. We have actually finished shooting for the short film and now just started shooting for Made in Heaven, it's a web series with Amazon."Shooting of the 10-episode web-series for Amazon Prime is currently underway in Delhi. It revolves around the competition between two wedding firms.Personally Zoya feels "fashion isn't something that is currently going on. Fashion is what my mom used to wear in the past"."I am more interested in the 50's, 60's and 70's fashion than today's. Maybe after a decade I'll look back to all of this and find it more interesting."
By Luiza Ilie
BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Romania's president must dismiss the chief anti-corruption prosecutor to resolve an institutional conflict with the government, the Constitutional Court said on Wednesday, in a ruling that leaves prosecutors vulnerable to political interference.
An estimated 2,000 people gathered outside government headquarters after the decision, chanting "Dictators" and "Rats."
The ruling, approved by 6 votes to 3, limits the president's powers and gives the justice minister, a political appointee, more control over prosecutors in one of the European Union's most corrupt states.
Since Laura Codruta Kovesi took over the anti-corruption prosecuting agency DNA in 2013, conviction rates have risen sharply, winning praise from Brussels, which has Romania's justice system under special monitoring.
But Justice Minister Tudorel Toader called for Kovesi's dismissal in February, saying they had exceeded their authority and damaged the country's image abroad. Their request drew thousands of anti-graft protesters onto the streets.
The country's judicial watchdog said the request was unfounded and President Klaus Iohannis rejected it, prompting the government to ask the top court to decide whether their rejection had created an institutional conflict.
Legally, the president has final say in the dismissals of chief prosecutors, which are requested by the justice minister and need approval from the judicial watchdog.
But on Wednesday, the court ruled the president does not have the constitutional right to oppose a dismissal request legally initiated by the justice minister. Instead, they are limited to assessing the legality of the procedure.
"The president has refused to issue the dismissal decree based on opportunity, not legality arguments, which has blocked the justice minister from using their authority on prosecutors' activities," the court said in a statement.
"The constitutional conduct that must be followed ... is for the president to issue the dismissal decree."
The court's rulings are binding. A full explanation of its decision will be released later. Earlier on Wednesday, Iohannis told reporters they would wait for the explanation before acting.
Judges, prosecutors and legal experts have said the ruling would open the way for further dismissals and would damage investigations of high-level graft. Ruling Social Democrat politicians, whose leader is on trial for abuse of office, welcomed the decision.
"After the ruling, I have three words: Codruta, go home," Florin Iordache said. Iordache, a lawmaker and former justice minister, was behind a move by the government in early 2017 to decriminalise several corruption offences. The effort triggered Romania's largest protests in decades.
DNA has investigated lawmakers, ministers and mayors in recent years, exposing conflicts of interest, abuse of power, fraud and the awarding of state contracts in exchange for bribes.
"At a first reading, the president can still reject the dismissal if they can find legality arguments," legal expert Laura Stefan said. "But the decision does reduce the president's abilities and enhances the justice minister's."
Opinion surveys have shown Romanians had more confidence in the judiciary than in parliament or government.
(Reporting by Luiza Ilie; editing by Toby Chopra, Larry King)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
KUALA LUMPUR: South Korea confirmed on Wednesday (Feb 15) that the North Korean man who died after a reported assassination at the Kuala Lumpur airport was North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half brother.
"Our government is certain that the murdered man is Kim Jong Nam," said Chung Joon-Hee, a spokesperson for Seoul's unification ministry that handles inter-Korea affairs.
South Korea added that North Korea had been planning to kill Kim Jong Nam for the past five years. The deceased was travelling from Malaysia to Macau to meet their family when they were assassinated.
South Korea says #DPRK had been planning to kill Kim Jong Nam for the past 5 years and that they were on their way to Macau to meet family. — LIM Yun Suk (@yunsukCNA) February 15, 2017
TV Chosun, a South Korean cable television network, reported that Kim Jong Nam was poisoned at the Kuala Lumpur airport by two women believed to be North Korean operatives.
CCTV pictures taken from #Malaysia airport showing one of the two women suspected to have killed Kim Jong Nam, half-brother of Kim Jong-Un. pic.twitter.com/otcjrvjYts — LIM Yun Suk (@yunsukCNA) February 15, 2017
The women are believed to be still at large.
The North Korean embassy in Kuala Lumpur has asked Malaysian authorities to hand over the dead body of Kim Jong Nam.
Malaysia's Criminal Investigation Department chief Mohmad Salleh earlier told Channel NewsAsia that travel documents found on the man indicated they were Kim Jong Nam.
A van leaves Putrajaya Hospital, escorted by police. Does the body it's transporting belong to Kim Jong Nam & where's it headed? pic.twitter.com/0p74zYexpX — Sumisha Naidu (@SumishaCNA) February 15, 2017
Malaysian police requested for a post-mortem to be conducted on the body, which has since been moved from Putrajaya Hospital.
A van was seen on Wednesday morning leaving the hospital while being escorted by police vehicles.
This is a developing story. Please refresh for updates.
In the age of Netflix and Amazon, when straight-to-series orders are increasingly becoming the norm across the TV landscape, the need for the traditional TV pilot has diminished. For the upcoming season, an estimated 70 pilots are in contention, which is about 20 fewer than last year. In earlier years, the norm was over 100 pilots.
So if the quantity is going down, the quality must be going up, right? I'm keeping my fingers crossed.
But before a single scene has been made public, the upcoming 2017-18 season offers some surprises. For one, you might have assumed the success of NBC's "This Is Us" would have produced a batch of pilots centered on relationship drama, blended families and/or time shifting. But instead the major trends for next season appear to be procedural crime solvers, military dramas and family-themed sitcoms. There are also a number of scripted entries—both comedy and drama—with a space theme. And, as always, there are reboots of past hits vying for a comeback.
While I try not to judge shows I haven't seen, it's hard not to get excited about a new show from "Desperate Housewives" creator Marc Cherry. Starring Reba McEntire as the sheriff of a town in Kentucky, this untitled ABC soap flirts with political sensitivities by introducing a young FBI agent of Middle Eastern descent who arrives to help solve a horrific crime. This sounds completely unique.
Otherwise, let's take this category by category.
Military Dramas
"For God and Country," on NBC, dives into the complex world of military heroes; "Behind Enemy Lines," on Fox is loosely based on the movie franchise of the same name; and "Valor," on The CW, is set on a US army base. While "Valor" would certainly be a shift in direction for The CW, there is also a fifth member of the DC Comics book franchise, "Black Lightning," ordered to pilot on the network. I guess The CW, like any network, does not understand the meaning of overkill.
Revivals
There are new versions of dramas "S.W.A.T." on CBS and "Dynasty" on The CW, as well as a confirmed 10-episode reboot of "Will & Grace" on NBC featuring the original cast. NBC is also in conversations to revive "American Idol" after Fox retired it just one year ago. Yes, the network has had huge success with the "The Voice," which put a new spin on an established concept. But I just don't see the logic behind rehashing a singing competition that had been declining for years.
Thankfully, NBC has no new Chicago-set dramas from Dick Wolf in development; CBS will stick to three editions of "NCIS" and talk of a CW reboot for Aaron Spelling fantasy drama "Charmed" and a TV version of 1987 vampire flick "The Lost Boys" are on hold for now. But busy Dick Wolf does have an eight episode commitment for "Law & Order: True Crime – The Menendez Brothers" on NBC.
CBS, meanwhile, seems to have lost interest in redoing "The Honeymooners." Maybe someone at the network actually realizes no one can compare to Jackie Gleason, Art Carney and Audrey Meadows. And "Sheldon," the proposed prequel sitcom from CBS' "The Big Bang Theory" focused on a 12-year Sheldon Cooper, seems to have been shelved. The Eye net is probably more focused on getting the cast and crew of primetime's top-rated sitcom back for an 11th season.
Comedy
Given the successful return of Kevin James in "Kevin Can Wait" this season (which, coupled with "Man with a Plan" with Matt LeBlanc are both shoo-ins for renewal), my guess is CBS will stick to more family themed chucklers. Two such pilots are "9J, 9K, and 9L," inspired by a time in Mark Feuerstein's ("Royal Pains") life when they lived in an apartment in between their parents and their brother's family; and "Hannah Royce's Questionable Choices," the story of woman with three kids from three different men.
Generating some early buzz on NBC, which remains sorely lacking in the comedy department, is an untitled single-camera sitcom based on the life of "Fresh Off the Boat" producer Kourtney Kang, the only girl in the only mixed-race family in the suburbs of Philadelphia.
There are also potential spin-offs from ABC sitcoms "The Goldbergs" and "black-ish," which will feature a backdoor pilot centering on oldest daughter Zoey (Yara Shahidi) attending college.
Space
"Orville," a live-action dramedy on Fox that takes place 300 years in the future, comes from "Family Guy" creator Seth MacFarlane. Also look for drama "Mission Control" on CBS, which is about the next generation of NASA astronauts, and a workplace comedy on NBC called "Spaced Out," about a team attempting to build a rocket to Mars. "Ghosted," on Fox, is described as an "X-Files" spoof.
Other confirmed series pickups for next season include "Marvel's The Inhumans" on ABC, the latest entry in the Marvel universe that could ultimately replace "Marvel's Agents of SHIELD;" and ABC dramas "Somewhere Between," the tale of a mother who knows their daughter is going to be murdered, and "Ten Days in the Valley," with Kyra Sedgwick ("The Closer") trading law enforcement for life as a single mother.
Fox is also eyeing a Marvel drama of its own, still untitled, about two ordinary parents who discover their children possess mutant powers.
The broadcast networks will announce their official primetime programming plans to advertisers in New York the week of May 15, boasting to the hilt about the new series they ultimately choose. Of course, if everything really did succeed, there would be no need for pilot season.
National news sources are claiming a feud between rival Minecraft gamers is the reason why 24,000 threatening emails were sent to schools and colleges in the UK.
Hundreds of schools were on alert and some evacuated their buildings, telling parents to collect their children after receiving messages containing what police described as a “bomb hoax”.
Police forces around the country have said there are not believed to be any “viable threats”.
Minecraft is one of the most popular video games on the planet with more than 144 million copies sold across all platforms, making it the second best-selling video game of all time.
The creative and building aspects of Minecraft allow players to build with a variety of different cubes in a 3D procedurally generated world. Other activities in the game include exploration, resource gathering, crafting, and combat.
Following the widespread reports of bomb hoaxes across the country, Sky News is reporting that the emails were spoofed to look like they had been sent by a gaming network known as VeltPvP.
The malicious emails were designed to result in the domain being suspended for abuse.
VeltPvP is a Minecraft player-versus-player server - a type of server run by businesses that sell items in-game to players.
Those involved in the conflict, which centres around the Velt server operators, claimed their opponents have engaged in illegal activities to harass each other.
(Reuters) - Patients with an advanced form of an aggressive blood cancer who had initially responded to Novartis' new type of gene-modifying immunotherapy continued to respond at least six months after treatment, according to updated data released at a medical meeting on Sunday.
Swiss drugmaker Novartis' logo is seen at the company's plant in the northern Swiss town of Stein, Switzerland October 23, 2017. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
Among 46 patients with at least six months of follow-up after treatment with Novartis' Kymriah for diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL), 30 percent still had a complete response, meaning no detectable sign of cancer, with another 7 percent achieving a partial response.
The results indicate that, in the 81-patient study, those with no sign of cancer after three months remained relapse-free at six months and beyond, researchers reported at the American Society of Hematology meeting in Atlanta.
“Patients that are in complete remission by 3 to 6 months are going to have durable remissions,” said Dr. Stephen Schuster, the trial's lead investigator, who has patients from an earlier pilot study alive more than three years after Kymriah treatment.
Kymriah belongs to an exciting new class of therapy called CAR-T. It works by harvesting a patient's own disease-fighting T-cells, genetically engineering them to target specific proteins on cancer cells, and replacing them to circulate possibly for years, seeking out and attacking cancer.
“The technology is spectacular,” Schuster said. “We're able to save the lives of people that just a few years ago we couldn‘t. I can't express the amount of satisfaction and excitement that I have.”
The one-time treatment with a list price of $475,000 was approved in August for patients up to 25 years of age with advanced acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL), becoming the first CAR-T treatment to market. A second from Gilead Sciences was later approved.
Novartis has applied for U.S. and European approval for Kymriah to treat adults with DLBCL, a common, aggressive type of non-Hodgkin lymphoma.
Patients in the study had relapsed or failed to respond to multiple rounds of chemotherapy plus stem cell transplants for about half of them, exhausting virtually all available options. They were allowed to receive additional chemotherapy while awaiting return of their engineered cells, an average turnaround time of about three weeks.
The cells can also be frozen until a patient is deemed clinically ready to receive them.
At the latest interim analysis, median duration of response had not been reached, meaning more than half the patients who responded had not experienced disease return or progression.
There were no deaths attributed to cytokine release syndrome or neurological side effects, both potentially dangerous reactions to the treatment.
Novartis expects to have 35 centers capable of processing Kymriah fully operational by the end of the year.
“We are in an amazing time,” Schuster said, “and it's really just the beginning.”
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost. Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC. More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs. Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods, the services you request or are needed to complete the move, and/or on the pricing of each individual mover. Also, certain costs are not reflected in this calculation, for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs.
Everybody knows that, among the Left, “Islamophobia” is a cardinal sin, even when it refers not to bigotry against Muslims but criticism of Muslim beliefs. Certainly real bigotry against individuals, or invidious stereotypes against groups, should be decried, as it is for anti-black racism. In fact, one characteristic of the Left is its sympathy for groups perceived to be oppressed or the target of discrimination in history.
Except for the Jews, that is, despite the fact that their demonization and oppression are common knowledge.
Here are the latest FBI date on hate crimes from the last year they've been reported—2016:
Just taking incidents in that year, the most frequent hate crimes were against blacks (1,739), gays (799 including lesbians), whites (720), and Jews (684). Muslims were victims of 307 incidents, fewer than Hispanics. Even without dividing these by the number of victims to get a per capita rate, it's clear that anti-Semitism is manifested twice as often as “Islamophobia”. I also am not sure what an “anti-white” hate crime is, or who perpetrates them. Perhaps readers can help here.
As far as number of victims are concerned, it's 2,220 for blacks, 933 for gays, 909 for whites, and 862 for Jews. 388 Muslims were victims of hate crimes. To get a rough probability that an individual of a given religion or ethnicity was the victim of a hate crime, we simply divide the number of hate crimes in each class by the number of individual victims in that class. When we do that, we get this:
Blacks: 0.0051%
Gays: 0.0008%
Whites: 0.0004%
Jews: 0.014%
Muslims: 0.0090%
(Data for blacks and whites taken from 2017 U.S. census estimates, LGB statistics from PBS 2016 [includes bisexuals], Jews and Muslims from the Pew Religious Landscape study.)
On a per capita basis, then, the decreasing order of probability of being a victim goes this way: Jews, Muslims, blacks, gays, and whites. For religions, Jews have about a 55% higher chance of being targets of a hate crime than are Muslims, and over 27 times the chance that an African-American would be a victim. But few people even realize this because anti-Semitism is given a pass. (This all assumes I've done my math right, and I hope so, even though I double-checked it.)
Why is that? My own guess was twofold: Jews are perceived as “white” compared to blacks and Muslims, and therefore not “people of color”; and because the demonization of Israel somehow takes the sting out of anti-Semitism—perhaps because people feel that Jews somehow deserve anti-Semitism because of the actions of their religion's “apartheid state”. (Remember, though, that these are American Jews, and Muslims are often as “white” as Jews.
The Forward, though, has an interesting take on this. In their recent piece, “How anti-Semitism's true origin makes it invisible to the Left,” author Jean-Paul Pagano suggests that Jews aren't really perceived, like the other groups, as oppressed. Rather, they're seen as a wicked but clever cabal that, through almost supernatural powers, have taken control of money, business, show business, banks, the government, and so on. That is, Jews are seen as a conspiracy rather than a subjugated group, which makes their demonization easier to swallow. A few quotes:
. . . in a key sense, regular racism — against blacks and Latinos, for example — is the opposite of anti-Semitism. While both ultimately derive from xenophobia, regular racism comes from white people believing they are superior to people of color. But the hatred of Jews stems from the belief that Jews are a cabal with supernatural powers; in other words, it stems from the models of thought that produce conspiracy theories. Where the white racist regards blacks as inferior, the anti-Semite imagines that Jews have preternatural power to afflict humankind. This is also why the left is blind to anti-Semitism. Anti-Semitism differs from most forms of racism in that it purports to “punch up” against a secret society of oppressors, which has the side effect of making it easy to disguise as a politics of emancipation. If Jews have power, then punching up at Jews is a form of speaking truth to power — a form of speech of which the left is currently enamored. In other words, it is because anti-Semitism pretends to strike at power that the left cannot see it, and is doomed to erase — and even reproduce — its tropes.
Although conspiracy theories about Jews are rife in the Middle East, they've also infected the U.S., though Pagano gives just a few examples (e.g.. claims that I sometimes hear that Israel is engaged in training U.S. police to kill blacks, that Israelis take the organs of Palestinian babies, etc.). A few more quotes:
Above all else, anti-Semitism is a conspiracy theory about the maleficent Jewish elite. And it's this that makes it easy to disguise as a politics of liberation, or, at least, to embed anti-Semitism quietly in efforts for social justice. You can see this in the resuscitated efforts of groups like Black4Palestine and Jewish Voice for Peace to portray Israel and America as bastions of capitalist white supremacy that collude to brutalize people of color. In the early part of the decade, Ethiopian-Israeli women charged that state-mandated health providers had used shady means to depress their fertility with the contraceptive Depo-Provera. The government denied coercion, but questions remain about the validity of its probe. This was not enough for Black4Palestine, which declared that “[Israel] has sterilized Ethiopian Israelis without their knowledge or consent.” Narrowly, the effect of alleging sterilization invokes the Nazi specter of eugenics. But more broadly, the conspiracy theory summons medieval fears of Jewish magic harming sexual function, which live on in the Arab world. For its part, JVP launched a national effort to promote the idea that Israel teaches U.S. law enforcement how to inflict “systemic” racism on people of color, “including extrajudicial executions, shoot-to-kill policies, police murders, racial profiling, massive spying and surveillance, deportation and detention, and attacks on human rights defenders.” It's critical to note that Americans are not accustomed to recognizing, let alone understanding, a sizable portion of anti-Semitism, because it typically doesn't resemble anti-blackness — the horrific down-punching form of racism that haunts American history and reverberates into the present.
Well, it's an interesting view, but I'm not sure I'm totally on board. I'll just throw it out for discussion.
The “normalization” of anti-Semitism (sometimes called “anti-Zionism”, which I think is pretty much the same thing), is evidenced by this cartoon that appeared in the Daily Californian, the University of California at Berkeley student newspaper, when Alan Dershowitz spoke there last October. It reeks of “blood libel” and other anti-Semitic tropes that are the daily fare of government propaganda in the Middle East—propaganda that Western news studiously ignores. The cartoon was eventually removed when there was an outcry (see my post here).
As I said, I'm not sure how much I agree with the “cabal” theory for the normalization of anti-Semitism, but it's an interesting thought; and I'd be glad to hear reader's takes. What seems clear is that hate crimes against Jews aren't publicized or recognized nearly as much as hate crimes against other groups, even though Jews are, on a per capita basis, the most frequent target.
South Africa's Jacob Zuma faces a no-confidence vote this month, a fresh attempt to unseat the president by opponents emboldened by splits within their own party.
Zuma, who is battling a string of corruption allegations, is in a weakened position since they were replaced as leader of the ruling African National Congress (ANC) party in December by Cyril Ramaphosa, the country's deputy president.
The 75-year-old president is expected to meet the ANC's six most powerful officials this weekend, but the agenda of the meeting has not been disclosed. Ramaphosa, 65, has been lobbying the ANC's national executive to force Zuma to resign.
Zuma, who has not said whether they will step down voluntarily before their second term as president ends next year, has been deserted by several prominent allies in the ANC since Ramaphosa took over leadership of what is the only party to govern South Africa since the end of apartheid.
On Friday, parliament speaker Baleka Mbete agreed to a request from the opposition Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) for a motion of no-confidence, though they refused to hold the vote before the president's state of the nation address on Feb. 8, and scheduled it for Feb. 22.
The rand, which tends to strengthen on signs Zuma could leave office, pared losses on the announcement from parliament.
Investors associate Zuma's tenure with a period of economic decline, with growth slowing to an average of 1.5 percent a year and unemployment up to 28 percent from around 23 percent when they took office in 2009.
Zuma narrowly survived a no-confidence vote in August, but was politically wounded by some ANC lawmakers voting with the opposition.
In its letter requesting the vote, the EFF said Zuma was not a suitable head of state as they are likely to be embroiled in a judicial inquiry into state corruption. Zuma has denied any wrongdoing.
“The majority of parliament is going to say that Jacob Zuma will not be the president of South Africa because the biggest sentiment, even in the ANC, is saying that Jacob Zuma cannot continue as president,” EFF Deputy President Floyd Shivambu told eNCA television.
Zuma agreed to establish the inquiry into so-called “state capture”, a South African term for government corruption, last month.
Another opposition party, the Democratic Alliance, had lobbied speaker Mbete to postpone the state of the nation address until Zuma had been removed from office.
Defending champion Chris Froome said they were relieved to be able to pursue a fifth Tour de France title after being cleared by cycling's governing body of any wrongdoing in a doping case.
REUTERS: Defending champion Chris Froome said they were relieved to be able to pursue a fifth Tour de France title after being cleared by cycling's governing body of any wrongdoing in a doping case.
On Monday, the case was dropped by UCI following an investigation after excessive levels of asthma drug Salbutamol was found in Froome's urine sample during last September's Vuelta a Espana.
Advertisement
Froome won the Giro d'Italia in May while the investigation was still going on, and the Tour organisers had sought to block their registration prior to the long-awaited verdict.
"Now I just want to draw a line in the sand and move on," the 33-year-old told a news conference. "My aim is to win and go for a Tour-Giro double.
"Doing the Tour de France and the Vuelta (a Espana) last year taught me an amazing amount about how to manage my training... But really I can't make a prediction about how it's going to go."
Froome believes they have nothing to fear from the French public, after UCI president David Lappartient called for a safe environment for the British rider during the race.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"I just raced the Giro in May with the Salbutamol thing hanging over me, and nothing happened there," Froome added.
"In terms of safety I obviously would encourage fans of the sport to come watch the race, and if you are not necessarily a Chris Froome fan or a Sky fan, come to the race and put a jersey on of another team you do support. That would be my advice."
Team Sky boss Dave Brailsford praised Froome's strength of character during the doping investigation.
"Chris has shown great strength and integrity while also maintaining their form. They won the Giro under those conditions," they said.
"This is not the first time where there has been this feeling (against the team). We have to focus on our race."
The 105th edition of the Tour begins in Noirmoutier-en-l'Ile on Saturday.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
REUTERS: Madison Keys beat fellow American CoCo Vandeweghe for the second time in eight days with a 6-4 3-6 6-3 victory on Monday to reach the second round of the Cincinnati Open.
Keys beat Vandeweghe in straight sets in the Stanford Classic final and while pushed a little harder on Monday, the 16th seed still had enough to get by their big-serving compatriot in just under two hours.
"CoCo is always going to be a tough person to have to try to get returns in," Keys said during their on-court interview.
"She obviously raised their level in the second set, so then I had to as well in the third.
"From then it was just about who could get more balls in at the end."
Keys, who has never advanced beyond the second round in Cincinnati, will next face unseeded Russian Daria Kasatkina.
Advertisement
Advertisement
In earlier action, Australian Daria Gavrilova shook off an uncertain second set to defeat France's Kristina Mladenovic 6-0 7-6(6).
After cruising through a perfect first set, the 23-year-old Gavrilova needed to save a set point in the second to hand the 13th-seeded Mladenovic their third straight loss.
"She has a history of great comebacks. They have done it at the French Open almost every match," said Gavrilova.
"She stepped up their game and was playing a bit looser and was not making as many unforced errors because the first set was not a great set from her."
Gavrilova moves on to face Italian Camila Giorgi in the round of 32 on Tuesday.
Big-serving Czech Petra Kvitova battled back to defeat Anett Kontaveit 1-6 7-6(2) 6-3 in Monday's opening match.
Kvitova, the tournament's 14th seed and a two-time Wimbledon champion, will face either wildcard American Sloane Stephens or Czech Lucie Safarova, who play on Tuesday.
(Reporting by Rory Carroll and Frank Pingue; Editing by Janet Lawrence)
As a visible revolt stirs within the PDP and threatens to dethrone Mehbooba Mufti, speculations are rife about how it would affect the composition of the state assembly. News18 discusses the numbers, possibilities and the state's anti-defection law.The Jammu and Kashmir assembly has 87 members, which means the halfway mark — the number of MLAs any coalition has to secure in order to stake claim to form the government — is 44. We say coalition because as the state assembly stands today, no party has secured absolute majority yet.The PDP is the largest party with 28 MLAs, followed by the BJP with 25 MLAs. National Conference and Congress have 15 and 12 MLAs each. Two MLAs belong to the Sajjad Lone-headed People's Conference, one to CPI(M), one to People's Democratic Front, and the remaining three are independents.The coalition that BJP pulled out of on June 19 was an alliance of the two biggest parties that emerged out of the 2014 assembly elections. The founder of PDP, Mufti Mohammed Sayeed, had described it as the meeting of “North Pole and South Pole”.The BJP is the only party in J&K whose members, in the state leadership, have shown willingness to form the government. The other parties — National Conference and Congress — have privately and publicly refused the possibility of forging a coalition. Both the parties have been asking governor NN Vohra to dissolve the House and prepare the state for fresh elections.Within 10 days of the BJP pulling out of the coalition, Kavinder Gupta, the former deputy chief minister of J&K, had said: “I don't think a new government will be formed anytime soon. Uncertainties are there but we are working on something and people will get to know about it.” This had prompted opposition leader Omar Abdullah to level charges of horse-trading against the BJP.Speaking to News18 on Tuesday, Gupta said, “In the coming days, I see dissatisfied MLAs not just from PDP, but also from Congress and National Conference, are likely to join forces and form a new front.”Speculation of such a front of disgruntled MLAs from other parties has been doing the rounds ever since BJP general secretary Ram Madhav tweeted a photo of themselves with some other BJP leaders at Sajjad Lone's house.So how many MLAs would the BJP need if it is really serious about staking claim to form the next government in J&K?The party needs 19 more MLAs to reach the halfway mark. But given the steady and visible support that it has been receiving from the People's Conference, this number could reduce by two — the number of sitting MLAs that People's Conference has.The BJP is unlikely to get support from any other party so the only chance for it to come to power is to secure most of these 17 MLAs from PDP's rebel faction.Speaking to News18, Abid Ansari, one of the rebel PDP MLAs, has claimed that there are enough rebels within to take over the party.“There are two-and-a-half years remaining for this term of the assembly. Nobody would want to stay out of power for that long. That's what we're banking on,” a BJP MLA told News18 on condition of anonymity.Though nobody can estimate the strength of rebel MLAs within the PDP, sources in BJP say they are hoping to make a big announcement after the conclusion of the Amarnath Yatra late in August.According to the anti-defection law effective in the rest of the country, if less than one-third of the total elected representatives of a party defect or defy the party whip at a time, they are disqualified.However, the state law is more stringent. According to the state anti-defection law, even if all the MLAs defy the party whip, they are liable to be disqualified. On defection of elected members of their party, the party whip can send a petition to the Speaker of the House for their disqualification. But this scenario may ultimately work out in the BJP's favour, a constitutional expert told News18.“I don't think there will be any hindrance in government formation. If there are rebel MLAs of any party that decide to lend their support to the BJP, they can go ahead and form the government. What will then happen is that the matter will go to the Speaker and quasi judicial proceedings against the rebel members will begin. Now, as has happened several times in such cases, the Speaker can take months or even years to decide on this case, allowing such an interim government to complete its tenure,” said Subhash Kashyap, a noted constitutional expert.The present Speaker of the House is BJP MLA and former deputy chief minister of the state Nirmal Singh.The BJP pulled out of the coalition with the PDP on June 19. On June 20, the state came under Governor's Rule. If no party or group of parties stake claim to form a government for the next six months, J&K will be placed under President's Rule.
CORDOBA, Argentina: The global fight for clean energy rests with businesses and ordinary people as governments lag behind, experts told an environmental conference in Argentina on Friday (Oct 6) ahead of a keynote speech by former US president Barack Obama.
With the US intent on leaving the Paris climate accord, former Clinton administration advisor Katie McGinty said "citizen action to demand leadership by their local legislatures, and by companies, and holding people accountable," was a key weapon in the fight to protect the environment.
"I see a real erosion of centrist, democratic regimes, not only in the United States, but in many places around the world, and boy there's no better recipe for a destroyed planet than dictatorship," they told reporters on the sidelines of the Green Economy summit in Cordoba, Argentina.
Nobel economic laureate Edmund Phelps told the conference that "governments are often reluctant to force corporations or force individuals to stop polluting, stop despoiling the environment."
People power "can bring to bear powerful pressure directly on corporations," they told the two-day event, ending Friday.
But Phelps also warned against climate change provoking "mass hysteria" and leading to over-regulation, which they said would be an "innovation killer."
Advertisement
Advertisement
"If an entrepreneur has to demonstrate to a whole bunch of government agencies that they are not going to cause any pollution, then we would lose the normal tendency of new companies and new ideas starting up."
"We must be careful in our efforts to save the planet that we do not strangle the sources that make our lives worth living," said Phelps, who was awarded the Nobel Prize in Economics in 2006.
BUSINESS ON BOARD
President Donald Trump's decision last June to take the United States out of the Paris climate agreement has been a hot topic at the conference dedicated to renewable energy.
The United States is the world's second biggest producer of greenhouse gases after China and its withdrawal was a seen as a body blow to the landmark 2015 agreement, which commits signatories to efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions that cause global warming.
Trump's predecessor Obama, who signed the accord, will address the gathering late Friday.
Conor Barry, of the UN Climate Change Secretariat, said governments alone would not be able to fulfill the Paris agreement, but would require joint initiatives from the private sector.
"For that we will create a platform to share best practices around the world and generate a space for dialogue for its implementation," they said in a video address from Geneva.
McGinty, who served as environmental advisor to former president Bill Clinton, said the role of big business was crucial, in the absence of government leadership.
"CEOs have spoken out against the United States leaving the Paris Accord, big companies like General Electric and some of our biggest companies in the United States went public and said this is the wrong decision and recommitted themselves to reducing greenhouse gas emissions."
Twenty-five US corporate giants including Apple, Google and Facebook, Unilever and Levi Strauss had publicly urged the US president to stick with the Paris agreement, arguing that it offered a chance for the United States to take the lead in clean energy.
Major American companies denounced their decision to pull out, including industrial and energy corporations, which have been working for years to reduce their carbon footprints.
Audi e-tron replaces side mirrors with cameras Enlarge Photo
Audi's first battery-electric crossover will also usher in radical new technology for the automotive industry. The production e-tron electric crossover will ditch traditional side mirrors and replace them with cameras, the brand announced on Wednesday.
The idea of replacing normal mirrors with cameras isn't a new one, but the e-tron will make the idea a production-first application. Audi will mount the cameras to little winglets of sorts and the driver's side feed will be displayed to the left of the instrument panel. Audi, strangely, has not specifically mentioned where the passenger side screen will reside.
Audi pointed to aerodynamic efficiencies as the reason to include the technology on the production version of the battery-electric crossover. Specifically, the cameras improve drag. Audi noted that every .01 added to the coefficient of drag reduces range by about 5 kilometers or about 3 miles, which makes the cameras an important addition to achieve the electric crossover's estimated 248-mile range.
Audi e-tron replaces side mirrors with cameras Enlarge Photo
The biggest question: will the radical camera side mirrors make their way to the United States? Right now, the answer is no. U.S. regulations forbid such technology. However, Automotive News (subscription required) reported in 2016 that the U.S. could adopt a United Nations resolution to allow the technology to replace traditional mirrors by the end of 2018.
Motor Authority has reached out to Audi USA for comment on the camera mirrors and we will update the story if and when we hear back.
Audi engineers took additional steps to create a slippery shape for the e-tron. Other measures include active grille shutters, adaptive air suspension to raise and lower the vehicle as needed, and tires that feature etched information, rather than raised lettering and numbers.
The Audi e-tron will first go on sale in Europe this year before it heads to the U.S. in 2019. By the time the e-tron is ready for its U.S. launch, the country could have cleared the way for the electric crossover's camera-as-mirror technology. The German luxury brand will reveal the e-tron on August 30.
A former governor of old Kaduna State, Balarabe Musa, says the creation of a state Police will not solve the security challenges in the country.
Musa gave this view in a telephone interview with the News Agency of Nigeria in Lagos on Wednesday.
They were reacting to Tuesday's Senate resolution directing its Constitutional Review Committee to put in place machinery for the amendment of the Constitution to allow for the creation of state Police.
The resolution was due to concerns raised by Senator Jonah Jang on the killings in Plateau and other parts of the country.
Balarabe said that the creation of state Police would be counter-productive if adopted by the country.
“I believe it will solve nothing .What I believe will solve the problem is for the Federal Government to strengthen the Nigerian police.
“We are having these issues because of the poor training, lack of equipment and all that which have hindered the capability of the police.
“What the Federal Government needs to do is to train and retrain the personnel, provide equipment and increase the number of the personnel,” they said.
Besides, they said state governments would abuse it and the issues of security would be worsened because some state governments would use it to further their political interests.
Asked if the Federal Government had the capacity to effectively police the nation in view of its cost implications, Musa said the problem was not capacity but the political will.
They said the government could afford to fund the police if it summoned the will and call for the right investment in security.
The former Kaduna governor, however, said that security was the responsibility of everyone and urged all to be involved in it.
Reacting, a former Minister of Transportation, Ebenezer Babatope, said state police would bring a lasting solution to the country's security challenges.
They said the country could not claim to practice federalism without a state police because state police was an essential ingredient of true federalism.
Babatope said state police would boost the number of police personnel, adding that the nooks and crannies of the country would be better policed.
“State police is the way to go. It is the answer to all the security issues we are having in the country,” they said.
Asked if the adoption of state police would not be abused by governors to fight political opponents, Babatope answered in the negative.
They argued that any responsible governor would know that security was an important issue and would not do anything to undermine it.
“Any governor that does that will eventually destroy themselves because what goes around comes,” they said.
BAGHDAD: Turkey could find itself in a quagmire if it deepens its involvement in Syria's multi-sided civil war, a U.S. senator said on Wednesday after meeting President Tayyip Erdoğan this week.
Lindsey Graham, a Republican member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, told Reuters on a visit to Baghdad that Turkey should support a continued U.S. presence in Syria.
Advertisement
Turkey has launched two military incursions into northern Syria in the last two years, driving back Kurdish YPG and Islamic State fighters.
Ankara is outraged by U.S. support for the YPG, considering the militia a terrorist organisation. It has threatened further operations against the militia across northern Syria, including in the town of Manbij where U.S. troops are stationed alongside YPG fighters.
"I tried to make the case that you want America in Syria because the outcomes of us leaving are not good," Graham said after meeting Erdoğan in Turkey on a regional tour that also included northern Syria and Iraq.
"You don't want any further incursions in Syria by the Turkish military, you'll get yourself in a quagmire," they added.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Last month Washington and Ankara endorsed a tentative deal in which the YPG would withdraw from Manbij while Turkish and U.S. forces would jointly maintain security and stability. Turkey says its forces and the U.S. military are now carrying coordinated but separate patrols there.
Keeping YPG fighters east of the Euphrates river, about 20 km (12 miles) from Manbij, "should be sufficient", Graham said.
Turkish officials did not immediately respond to their comments.
(Reporting by Ahmed Aboulenein; editing by David Stamp)
It hasn't exactly been a good 24 hours for Volvo and Uber. That's because one of their joint project, self-driving XC90 vehicles crashed into a bicyclist on Sunday and killed them.
And while Agent 009 covered the story earlier, I was just thinking about this incident as it is a significant one.
That's because this is the first time an innocent bystander has been killed by an autonomous vehicle. Because this is all-new territory, there are many different ways this case can go. Is the state liable? What about Volvo? Uber? What about the driver who was in the autonomous XC90?
Although there's been crashes with autonomous vehicles before, this is a whole different ballgame.
I think there's a big elephant in the room, however. And that is this. Volvo has built tremendous brand equity as producing some of the automotive world's safest vehicles on the road. Always honing in on all-new technology that prioritizes safety, Volvo is a household name for safety-focused consumers. Being that it was a Volvo vehicle involved, I've got to wonder:
Has Volvo done irreparable damage to its brand by partnering with Uber and having one of its XC90s involved in the crash? Could this be one of the biggest public relations blunders of the decade?
What say you, Spies?
Keep in mind that Volvo and Uber originally partnered up in a $300 million dollar deal and Uber committed to ordering upwards of 24,000 more vehicles for autonomous purposes.
Read Article
Hundreds of people are believed to have been killed when a mudslide struck the outskirts of Sierra Leone's capital Freetown on Monday, Vice President Victor Foh said.
The Red Cross put the number of bodies so far at the central morgue at 179.
Earlier, an official at the morgue at Connaught Hospital in Freetown said it had received 70 bodies and police and soldiers were bringing in more.
The death toll is expected to rise as more bodies are recovered, Red Cross spokesperson Abu Bakarr Tarawallie said.
"It is likely that hundreds are lying dead underneath the rubble," Foh told Reuters at the scene in the mountain town of Regent. They said a number of illegal buildings had been erected in the area.
"The disaster is so serious that I myself feel broken," they said. "We're trying to cordon the area. Evacuate the people."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Standing in the rain, people cried and gestured towards a muddy hillside where dozens of houses once stood, a Reuters witness said.
Mudslides and floods are fairly common during the rainy season in West Africa, where deforestation and poor town planning has put residents at risk.
(Additional reporting by Umaru Fofana, Writing by Nellie Peyton; Editing by Janet Lawrence)
- Advertisement -
A Staff of the Federal Neuropsychiatric Hospital, Enugu, Mrs. Stella Achara, has been dragged to a High Court by the Police authority in Enugu for allegedly duping unsuspected job seekers to the tune of N14million.
Achara, the Personal Secretary to the Medical Director of the Neuropsychiatric Hospital, Enugu, Dr. Jojo Onwukwe, was earlier arraigned before a Magistrate Court in Enugu East Local Government Area for a related offence, from where they were remanded in Enugu prison. The case was later withdrawn from the Lower Court for lack of jurisdiction.
However, the Police have now filed fresh charge against the suspect at the Enugu High Court.
In the charge, No. E/197C/2017, signed by Mr. Damian Njoku-Umeh, the officer-in-charge, legal prosecution, Enugu State Police command, they were accused of defrauding job seekers to the tune of N14m.
According to the police, “Stella Achara in or about the years 2013, 2014, 2015 and 2016 at Neuropsychiatric Hospital, Enugu in the Enugu Judicial Division did by force pretences and with intent to defraud, obtain from one Nwatarah Hope “f”, Stella Egotanwa “f”, Ogbe Onyinye “f”, Nwufo Ifeoma “f”, Aforka Clementina “f”, Ikemefuna Ebonyi “m”, Stella Onyeji “f”, Mbah Loveth Ifeoma “f”, Okoh Perpetua “f”, Uche Onyia “f”, Egbo Nonye, Igbokwe Patricia “f” and Nwaizugbe Chioma “f” the total sum of N14 million (fourteen million naira), by falsely pretending that you have power to procure employment for them and what you will employ them as staff of federal neuropsychiatric hospital, New Haven, Enugu, which presentation you knew to be false.”
- Advertisement -
Them conduct is said to have amounted to “obtaining property by false pretenses contrary to section 1 (1) (a) and punishable under section 1 (3) of the Advanced Fee Fraud and other Fraud related offences act, No 14 Laws of the Federation of Nigeria, 2006.”
It was learnt that Achara's ordeal began after reports against them at both the Enugu Area Command and the State Criminal Investigation Department of the Nigeria Police by over 50 job seekers, who claimed that they paid money to them for a job that never came.
To this end, the police launched investigation, during which they claimed several signed and unsigned appointment letters were recovered from the suspect's home.
Some of the job seekers, who have been enlisted as prosecution witnesses are: Nwatarah Hope, Nwufor Ifeaoma, Ikemefuna Abonyi, Stella Onyeji, Mbah Loveth, Okoh Perpetua, Uche Onyia, Egbe Nonye, who claimed to have paid the suspect N185,000, N450,000, N600,000, N450,000, N350,000, N250,000, N350,000 and N350,000, respectively.
Angelina with Maddox and Pax at the 2017 Toronto Film Festival. Image Source: Getty / George Pimentel
It seems like no time has passed since Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt started their family together, but it's actually been more than 10 years! The two, who are in the middle of a divorce, are parents to their six kids, Maddox, Pax, Zahara, Shiloh, and twins Vivienne and Knox. While we still remember them as adorable little ones, they've really grown up into mature young adults. Maddox, 16, was born on Aug. 5, 2001, and is the oldest of the bunch, while Pax, 13, was born on Nov. 29, 2003. Zahara's birthday is Jan. 8, 2005, which means she's 12, and Shiloh is 11, with their birthday falling on May 27, 2006. Twins Vivienne and Knox are the youngest of the brood and recently celebrated their ninth birthdays on July 12. Whoa, where did the time go?
Saudi Aramco plans to change the formula used to price its long-term crude oil sales to Asia later this year, multiple trade sources said on Wednesday.
The new formula will be based on the average monthly prices of Oman crude futures traded on the Dubai Mercantile Exchange and Platts cash Dubai prices.
The method will be used instead of the average of Oman and Dubai prices assessed by global pricing agency S&P Global Platts, the sources said, adding that the change could take place in October.
Saudi Aramco is expected to officially notify customers in Asia later on Wednesday, the sources said.
The oil company could, however, not be immediately reached for comment.
From a fiery burger to feasting at an entire night market of street food, here's what's happening in the L.A. and O.C. food worlds:
Hopdoddy Burger Bar's Love at First Sting
What's the spiciest thing you've ever eaten? Habanero-laced salsa? Maybe a sauce with ghost peppers? The new Love at First Sting burger at Hopdoddy Burger Bar is made with not-so-thinly-sliced ghost peppers, habanero peppers, Trinidad scorpion Butch T peppers and serrano peppers. And the heat doesn't stop there. Not only is the beef patty topped with all those chiles, it's also got pepper Jack cheese and ghost pepper salsa. This burger is so spicy it comes with a mini vanilla milkshake to help put out the flames. You'll also need to sign a waiver before digging in. The burger is $13 and is available at Hopdoddy locations through Aug. 22. Multiple locations at www.hopdoddy.com.
OC Night Market
Unicorn grilled cheese sandwiches, taiyaki ice cream cones, rolled ice cream, cookie shot glasses. If it's a hot food trend, chances are it will make an appearance at the OC Night Market. The food festival, by the same group that hosts the 626 Night Markets, will be at the OC Fair and Event Center in Costa Mesa Aug. 26-28. There will be dozens of food vendors making a variety of Asian street food, as well as shopping, arts and crafts vendors and live entertainment. The Night Market will take place from 4 p.m. to midnight Aug. 26 and 27 and from 4 p.m. to 11 p.m. Aug. 28. Admission is $5 at the door; children age 6 and younger get in for free. 88 Fair Drive, Costa Mesa, www.ocnightmarket.com.
Dialogue
Dialogue, one of this summer's most anticipated restaurants, will start taking reservations Tuesday. Chef Dave Beran's 18-seat Santa Monica restaurant will be open for dinner Sept. 5, and diners who signed up for the waitlist can start purchasing tickets at 10 a.m. Tuesday. Reservations open to everyone else Wednesday at 10 a.m.. Beran, who spent 10 years working with Grant Achatz and the Alinea Group in Chicago, will serve a multi-course dinner at Dialogue, around 23 of them over the span of about 2½ hours. The restaurant is in the Gallery on the Third Street Promenade, a food hall that also includes Everytable and Sloan's ice cream. The $175 to $200 ticket covers dinner but excludes tax and alcohol. 1315 Third Street Promenade, Santa Monica, www.dialoguerestaurant.com.
Ink.well
It's been just a couple of weeks since chef Michael Voltaggio closed their 6-year-old Melrose Avenue restaurant ink., but the chef has already opened ink.well, their new flagship restaurant on La Cienega Boulevard. Ink.well promises some of Voltaggio's signature dishes from ink., as well as an expanded bar program. A new, detached bar area seats triple what the previous ink. bar accommodated and features craft cocktails by Otello Tiano and beers on draft. The restaurant is open nightly for dinner. 826 N. La Cienega Blvd., West Hollywood, (310) 358-9058, mvink.com.
REUTERS: U.S. prosecutors on Friday announced that three men had been arrested on charges of plotting attacks in New York City for Islamic State in the summer of 2016.
The planned attacks, which were thwarted by law enforcement, included detonating explosives in Manhattan's Times Square and in the city's subway, authorities said.
(Reporting By Brendan Pierson in New York; Editing by Andrew Hay)
Seoul
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un said on Sunday that the isolated nuclear capable country was close to test-launching an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM).
North Korea tested ballistic missiles at an unprecedented rate during 2016, although some experts have said it is years away from developing an ICBM fitted with a nuclear warhead capable of reaching the United States.
“Research and development of cutting edge arms equipment is actively progressing and ICBM rocket test launch preparation is in its last stage,” Kim said during a televised New Year's Day speech.
The country has been under U.N. sanctions since 2006 over its nuclear and ballistic missile tests. The sanctions were tightened last month after Pyongyang conducted its fifth and largest nuclear test on Sept. 9.
A successful ICBM test launch would mark a significant step forward for secretive Pyongyang's weapons capability. ICBMs have a minimum range of about 5,500 km (3,418 miles), but some are designed to travel 10,000 km or further. The U.S. state of California is roughly 9,000 km from North Korea.
However, North Korea has struggled to reliably deploy its intermediate-range Musudan ballistic missile, succeeding just once in eight attempted launches last year.
The Musudan is designed to fly about 3,000 km (1,860 miles), posing a threat to South Korea and Japan, and possibly the U.S. territory of Guam.
South Korea's defence ministry declined to comment on whether North Korea would test launch an ICBM soon.
According to a senior U.S. intelligence official, President-elect Donald Trump's first and at that time only request for a special classified intelligence briefing was for one on North Korea and its nuclear weapons programme.
North Korea and its nuclear programme has also been of interest to retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, Trump's choice for national security advisor and a former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency.
An Chan-il, a former North Korean military officer who defected to the South and runs a think tank in Seoul, said Kim will gauge Trump's comments about their country for potential interest in dialogue and determine whether to try and conduct an ICBM test launch.
“If Trump comes in and the North does not get a good signal in terms of how the relationship between the two countries is going to go, that'll give them another reason to do it,” An said.
Kim also said that the North would continue to develop its pre-emptive nuclear strike capability if the United States and South Korea continue to conduct annual joint military exercises.—Agencies
EXPAND Kia Patterson poses in the NOSH aisle of their Compton store. NOSH is an acronym for natural, organic, specialty, health. Hayley Fox
Walking into Compton's Grocery Outlet on a Tuesday afternoon, one finds a surprisingly cheery scene for a supermarket. Sister Sledge's “We Are Family” plays on the loudspeakers, a young security guard greets shoppers as they enter, and the aisles are labeled with bright colors and jaunty signs.
Kia Patterson, the owner-operator of this Rosecrans Avenue store, has only held the reins for three months but has already become a bit of a local celebrity. Some locals have shown up to fangirl over them — requesting to chat or take photos by their side — while others have offered their services picking up trash outside the store. Some have even sent unsolicited financial donations: checks, with no return address. Patterson also has been hit with a few recent media requests.
The 36-year-old thinks the attention might be due to a sense that she's a “hometown hero” (she was raised on the border of Compton and Lynwood); people also often note that she's the first black grocery store owner in Compton.
None of this makes the limelight any more comfortable for them
“I'm just coming to work every day. I don't think that I'm so special but I guess other people think I am so ...” they say. “I mop the floor, I clean the bathroom, I sweep. I do whatever's necessary here.”
But what Patterson is doing in Compton is unique. As a vegetarian and veteran of the supermarket industry for more than 17 years, Patterson highlights healthy options for their shoppers in a designated aisle called “NOSH,” which stands for natural, organic, specialty, health. On average, 10 percent of store sales come from items in this part of the store, said Patterson, a statistic that proves what they already knew: Even residents in “low-income” areas want access to healthy foods.
Although there are a handful of other grocery stores in the area — including a Superior Grocers and a Smart & Final — their produce tends to sag in caliber, they say.
“A lot of the produce in other markets that are around here are C and D quality, when we have A and B quality for our produce,” they say.
EXPAND At Patterson's Grocery Outlet, they try to stock the shelves with produce and healthy foods they like to eat herself. Hayley Fox
In many wide swaths of Compton and neighboring South Los Angeles — which has a varying definition, but loosely includes more than 20 neighborhoods from Jefferson Park south to Willowbrook — supermarkets of any kind are few and far between. In fact, the number of grocery stores in an area helps determine whether it's classified as a “food desert,” says Breanna Hawkins, policy director of the Los Angeles Food Policy Council.
It's a classification many neighborhoods have struggled to outgrow for years, through city council–led attempts to attract grocery chains to the area, grassroots efforts to increase urban farming, a push for farmers' markets and programs that incentivize smaller neighborhood shops and corner stores to sell healthier food options. As of 2015, South Los Angeles had 46 full-service grocery stores, which equates to 0.57 stores per every 10,000 people, Hawkins says, citing U.S Census County Business Patterns data. In West L.A. in 2015 there were 38 grocery stores but for a much smaller geographic area and population, so the ratio equates to 1.03 stores per 10,000 people, Hawkins says.
“When the food desert issue really became a priority in South L.A., most of the advocates and folks were focusing on grocery-store development,” they say.
There are multiple hurdles to attracting — and keeping — grocery stores in South L.A., including a lack of access to developable land and the pervasive cloud of stigma surrounding the community, Hawkins says. There's a plethora of vacant plots, but they're often weirdly shaped or shared by multiple owners, they add, making development difficult. Much of this land is controlled by absentee owners who live outside the state or even country, which makes it hard to execute land-lease agreements even when there are interested supermarket chains.
There have been a few recent wins for the area. A Trader Joe's is slated to open next month at the 15-acre USC Village, and although it will be open to everybody, it seems to be most convenient for neighboring USC students and faculty. There's also a new Smart & Final Extra (an “everyday” version of the grocery wholesaler) that's expected to open at the District Square multi-use development near the intersection of the Metro Expo and Crenshaw lines. However, this project, slated to begin construction in 2012, has yet to break ground.
So the reality is that over time the number of grocery stores in South L.A. has actually decreased, Hawkins says, and while the diminishing of supermarkets is a trend taking place across Los Angeles, South L.A.'s progress seems permanently stalled.
“There has not been significant change in grocery-store access,” Hawkins says.
Tired of “begging grocery stores to come into the neighborhood,” the Food Policy Council and its network of community groups has focused on creating their own solutions through the proliferation of smaller, local businesses and enterprises, Hawkins says. They've been major advocates in the campaign to legalize street vending and helped pass an ordinance that requires all farmers markets in the city to accept EBT.
Most recently, they worked with L.A. City Councilmember Curren Price to pass a new initiative that aims to connect landowners in possession of vacant lots with residents ready and able to grow produce. The Urban Agriculture Incentive Zone Initiative, approved by the City Council at the end of June and slated to take effect August 6, is an attempt to encourage farming while also addressing the demoralizing eyesores of overgrown and underused lots.
The initiative dictates that property owners who lease their “vacant or unimproved property” to food growers can in return receive state tax benefits. The lot being leased must be between 0.10 acres and three acres in size and be dedicated entirely to agriculture. The property owner also has to sign an agreement with the city to maintain operations for at least five years.
“An initiative like this is exciting because it gives individuals a chance to really be more proactive,” Price says.
The councilman's Ninth District includes a long swath of South L.A. that straddles the 110 freeway, and within it are approximately 3,000 vacant lots that could be eligible for the program, Price says. Across the county as a whole, there's a projected 57,000 land parcels that could partake. A pilot program of the initiative launching in Price's district involves the Peoples Community Center, a South L.A. social services provider, leasing land to the American Friends Service Committee to create a community garden and training program for neighboring families.
As the city initiative stands now, there's only a contract required between the landowner and the city, says Hawkins, but there's nothing that protects the interest of the grower. That's why the Food Policy Council has been working with the Sustainable Law Center to develop draft language for contracts between landlord and tenant, Hawkins says, as they've already heard from about 75 prospective growers and landowners who may be interested in taking advantage of the program.
“Urban agriculture is one of those things that have actually increased over time for South L.A.,” Hawkins says.
In 2013 in South L.A.*, there were 10 community gardens and just one urban farm, according to a report from Cultivate L.A., a research project out of UCLA. In 2017, both those numbers increased, to 19 community gardens and nine urban farms, both dramatically larger figures than those for West and East L.A. as well.
Under the new city incentive program, community members will not only be able to provide themselves and neighbors with homegrown produce but also could turn the opportunity into an economic engine, Hawkins says. By selling fruits and veggies at local farmers markets or through a co-op, entrepreneurs can help sustain the urban agriculture initiative long-term and address some of the long-standing root causes of food deserts, they say, which stretch back decades and include discriminatory developmental policies and economic actions.
“You can't undo that in a couple of years and you can't undo that with just one policy,” Hawkins says. “There's no silver-bullet solution for addressing these issues. There needs to be a lot of strategies that can be tailored to any dynamic of the communities that are impacted.”
These include everything from legalizing street vending — which the L.A. City Council voted to decriminalize in January but is still in the process of being regulated — and the Healthy Neighborhood Market program, which encourages corner stores and liquor shops to carry healthy staples such as fruit and eggs.
Produce by delivery is another increasingly available option in South L.A., from the one-woman startup Süprmarkt, which sells boxes of organic produce, to Imperfect Produce, a much larger operation that debuted in L.A. earlier this year. For about $15 a week, subscribers get a box of fruit and vegetables delivered to their home or office; Imperfect bases its model around reducing food waste by selling the cosmetically flawed produce that mainstream grocers won't buy.
EXPAND Starting at about $15 a week, Imperfect Produce will deliver a box of fruit and veggies to your door, in most neighborhoods across Los Angeles. Courtesy Imperfect Produce
While “organic produce” is often associated with white, affluent communities, it shouldn't have to be that way, says Reilly Brock, content manager of the company.
“A food desert is not a given if Imperfect is in the neighborhood,” Brock says. “We're really trying to do our part to make this stuff accessible.”
Some improvements may be as simple as changing the way the public and the news media label areas lacking access to fresh, healthy food. Some in South L.A. prefer the term “food oasis,” says Hawkins, which focuses on the area's potential for growth. Others opt for “food mirage,” which refers to changes occurring in certain pockets of the community, such as USC and Leimert Park, that may or may not actually increase access for the community at large.
For many more, “food apartheid” seems most fitting, Hawkins says, as it speaks to the underlying issues of race and classism.
“The term ‘food desert' is not something that's holistically embraced by the South L.A. community,” they say. “Food desert implies it's something that happens naturally.”
*South L.A. has many definitions. In this case, it is as defined by the Los Angeles Food Policy Council.
Barcelona have agreed a deal with Guangzhou Evergrande to sign midfielder Paulinho for 40 million euros (US$47.16 million), the Spanish club announced on Monday.
REUTERS: Barcelona have agreed a deal with Guangzhou Evergrande to sign midfielder Paulinho for 40 million euros (US$47.16 million), the Spanish club announced on Monday.
The 29-year-old Brazilian will have a release clause of 120 million euros in a reported four-year contract, and will undertake medical tests before being presented on Thursday at the Nou Camp.
(Reporting by Rik Sharma, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
LONDON: The time for talking is fast approaching as Mercedes start a new year with Formula One waiting for a big announcement about who is going to replace retired world champion Nico Rosberg alongside Lewis Hamilton.
The team made clear before the Christmas break that they would have nothing to say before the full return to work on Tuesday.
There is evidence, however, to suggest the decision is all but made.
According to the motorsport.com website, Finnish driver Valtteri Bottas was at the Mercedes factory at Brackley before Christmas to meet team engineers and try out the cockpit of the 2017 car.
Bottas has raced for Mercedes-powered Williams since their Formula One debut in 2013 and Mercedes team boss Toto Wolff, a former Williams shareholder, has also been involved with the 27-year-old's management team.
The Finn is the bookmakers' favourite to replace Rosberg, who quit unexpectedly last month only five days after winning their first title, but other elements may need to slide into place before a deal can be announced.
One would be for Brazilian veteran Felipe Massa to agree to abandon their announced retirement and return to Williams as Bottas's replacement.
Claire Williams, deputy principal of the team founded by their father, indicated last month that Williams would be open to Bottas leaving if "an experienced, credible alternative was available" - such as the 35-year-old Massa.
Pascal Wehrlein, the 22-year-old Mercedes reserve driver who might have expected to take Rosberg's place but lacks experience, is another piece of the jigsaw.
The young German raced for tail-enders Manor last year, scoring the only point for a financially-challenged team whose future remains uncertain, but is expected to join Ferrari-engined Sauber alongside Sweden's Marcus Ericsson.
Wolff, in their final words to the team before the break, gave no clues but emphasised that Mercedes' best interests would always come first.
"Our position in the spotlight puts every decision taken and every word spoken under an intense microscope," said the Austrian. "They are debated passionately among our fans and interpreted by the media.
"But there has been enough talking, now. This is the period for calm and considered reflection, to savour our achievements and prepare for the next campaign."
With testing due to start in Spain late next month, ahead of the opening race in Australia on March 26, the factories are now entering their busiest period. The time for reflection is coming to an end.
(Editing by Ed Osmond)
Kenyans including Jubilee supporters have boycotted Jamuhuri day celebrations, the stadium is just 20% full an exact proportion of those supporting Uhuru second term.
Having commercialised public holidays with millions allocated for mobilizations the Jubilee regime seem to have hit a dead end, somethings you just cant buy even from fellow tribesmen to Uhuru. Kenyans are tired of Uhuru and their Jubilee brigade.
Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale reaches across a table to shake hands with Kirstjen Nielsen, United States Secretary of Homeland Security during a G7 Foreign and Security Ministers meeting in Toronto on Monday, April 23, 2018. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Chris Young
Canada and its G7 partners are saying “enough is enough” to attacks by Russia and other authoritarian countries in their democratic institutions, Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland said Monday.
Freeland concluded talks with their G7 counterparts by affirming an organized effort to respond to foreign meddling and the spreading of false information — mainly by Russia. Exactly what that means is a work in progress, but Freeland said the ministers will give their leaders recommendations on how to respond in a forceful, co-ordinated manner when they meet in Charlevoix, Que. in June.
There is a concern in the G7 countries that “authoritarian states are actively working to undermine the democratic systems in our countries and elsewhere,” they said.
“Today we said, ‘Enough is enough.'”
Freeland said there was unanimity among G7 ministers for a concerted effort to tackle Russian disinformation and meddling in the world's democracies.
Related: G7 warned of Russian threats to western democracy
While they and British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson displayed enthusiasm for the G7 effort to take Russia to task for what they are calling a broad range of “malign” behaviour, their American counterpart sounded a less effusive note.
U.S. Deputy Secretary of State John Sullivan didn't bother mentioning the initiative in their closing public remarks.
Sullivan was pinch-hitting for U.S. President Donald Trump's new pick for secretary of state, CIA Director Mike Pompeo, who faces strong opposition to their confirmation, and could not represent their country during the overlapping meeting of G7 foreign and interior ministers, which continues Tuesday.
Sullivan opted instead to highlight the North Korea nuclear crisis in their closing summit remarks, following Pompeo's secret mission to the Hermit Kingdom two weeks ago to pave the way for a Trump meeting with its leader, Kim Jong-un.
Freeland pushed Russia to the top of a packed agenda that included North Korea, Iran, the ongoing Syrian crisis, and the Venezuela and Rohingya Muslim unrest.
Russia is, of course, a politically charged issue for Trump, with special counsel Robert Mueller investigating allegations of possible collusion between Russia and the campaign that brought the president to power in 2016.
The G7 ministers agreed in their Sunday discussion about the need to address the disruptive influence of Russia, including its interference in foreign elections and its dissemination of fake news.
“What we decided … was that we were going to set up a G7 group that would look at Russian malign behaviour in all its manifestations, whether it's cyberwar, whether it's disinformation, assassination attempts, whatever it happens to be and collectively try and call it out,” Johnson said.
“Russia is so unbelievably clever at kind of sowing doubt and confusion and spreading all this fake news and trying to muddy the waters. We think there's a role for the G7 in just trying to provide some clarity.”
Freeland said they and their fellow ministers talked about “democracy being under attack, and in particular about Russian efforts to destabilize some democracies.”
Sullivan didn't mention the Russia initiative in their summary of the talks or single out the Kremlin's use disinformation, but they said the U.S. remains committed to the G7's endeavour.
They called on Russia to be a “constructive partner” in Syria, where it continues to back the regime of Bashar Assad. They blasted it for the chemical weapon attack on a former Russian spy and their daughter in the British town of Salisbury. And they called on the Kremlin to give Crimea back to Ukraine and get out of its eastern region.
Sullivan also said co-operation with Russia on a variety of topics is necessary, including fighting terrorism “but that will not prevent us from standing up and confronting and taking action against Russian behaviour that's contrary to international norms and all that we stand for in the G7.”
Afterwards, a senior State Department official, speaking on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter, added additional comment: “The U.S. will support its allies to combat state sponsored disinformation from Russia and other countries. This remains a priority.”
Freeland has framed the clash between democracy and authoritarianism as a defining theme of our time, with Russia as the West's main foe on that front.
They said all citizens in democratic countries, as well as their governments have a duty to be vigilant against the disruption. They said one of their fellow ministers “pointed out that making the case for democracy can be hard sometimes … because facts can be very boring” and don't always lead to an interesting narrative.
“Lurid conspiracy theories, on the other hand, are lurid, and exciting. Part of our job, I think, is a collective one of being aware of that fact.”
Related: Trudeau ends 3-country tour with global reputation, alliances intact
Mike Blanchfield, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Even while Indians and Pakistanis celebrate independence day, the Indian army saw fit to continue its Line of Control (LoC) violations on August 14.
Two civilians were wounded in Azad Jammu and Kashmir (AJK) on Monday after Indian troops hit a vehicle across the LoC.
The latest ceasefire violation coincided with the visit of Chief of Army Staff (COAS) Gen Qamar Javed Bajwa to the heavily militarised border which splits the disputed state of Jammu and Kashmir between Pakistan and India.
According to the Inter-Services Public Relations (ISPR), the army chief was told that the only restraint faced by the Pakistani troops was “the professional ethos of Pakistan Army that barred them from responding in kind when Indian troops targeted innocent civilians along (the) LoC”.
And this is true.
Kashmiris are dying on both sides of the LoC, and none of them has been killed from Pakistani fire.
Indian troops have reportedly been targeting civilian houses as well as vehicles on this side of the LoC.
This is not just a violation of the ceasefire, but also violation of the rules of conduct during war.
Yet, while international laws are being broken, the global community refuses to acknowledge the plight of the Kashmiris at the hands of the Indians.
In November last year, 12 passengers were killed when a public transport vehicle was targeted by Indian troops with mortars in Neelum valley.
Three weeks later, a school van was hit in the Nakyal sector of Kotli district, leaving its driver dead and eight students wounded.
Last month, four soldiers embraced martyrdom after their truck was hit by Indian troops in Neelum valley.
The numbers, the cases, are all there if anyone in the US, or from the UN would like to tally them.
In 1989, Indian-administered Kashmir broke out into an armed revolt for self-determination from India.
Since 2008, a civilian resistance, known widely as the “Kashmiri intifada”, is resurging.
To date, more than 70,000 Kashmiris, both combatants and non-combatants, have been killed by Indian actions.
To make matters worse, Hindu fundamentalist Rashtriya Swayam Sevak Sangh (RSS), backed by the BJP, is seeking to repeal Article 35A of the Indian Constitution.
The court is expected to make a final decision on the issue in six weeks.
This article restricts non-natives of Jammu and Kashmir state from having immovable property or political franchise there.
The removal of 35A can facilitate a demographic change which BJP considers prescriptive for controlling the territory.
Kashmiris fear the BJP's “Israeli model” to establish settlers that will favour Indian rule in the region.
This is a reminder, that while Pakistani's are free, Kashmir remains in chains, and had not much to celebrate on 14 August.
A man claiming to be a victim of Thalidomide is seeking their day in court.
Bruce Wenham's disability is manifested by a part of an arm with two small fingers on their right side and a small stump where their other arm should be. They say that was caused by thalidomide.
In January, they launched a lawsuit against the attorney general alleging the federal government's requirements to get compensation are “effectively impossible to meet.”
The lawsuit has not yet been certified a class-action lawsuit, but if a judge approves it, it could open the door for 140 other alleged victims to seek compensation from the government.
Thalidomide was given to pregnant women in the late 1950s and early 1960s as a drug to eliminate morning sickness. The Thalidomide Victims Association of Canada estimates that between 10,000 and 20,000 babies worldwide were born suffering from severe birth defects, highlighted by deformed limbs, as a result of the drug.
Thalidomide is in use today and is considered safe for the treatment of certain illnesses.
In 2015, the Conservative government announced a compensation package for 92 Canadian survivors of thalidomide which included a one-time payment of $125,000 and a yearly pension.
To this date, 122 have qualified under the Thalidomide Survivor Contribution Program. However, 140 others were rejected because they didn't meet the government's criteria of having either medical records from the 1950s or testimony from the attending doctor.
READ MORE: Ambrose unveils details of compensation plan for thalidomide survivors
“The only evidence the program allows to be considered is prescription records or a written affidavit from a prescribing doctor,” said David Rosenfeld, a class-action lawyer representing Wenham.
“I don't know of anybody who keeps 50-year-old prescription records and the affidavit from a prescribing doctor or a doctor with first-hand knowledge. That doctor is going to be 80 years old, if alive at all.”
The United Kingdom took a different approach in evaluating survivors of thalidomide. A charity called The Thalidomide Trust provided medical experts to evaluate and determine whether or not a person was a thalidomide survivor.
WATCH: Funds for thalidomide survivors
Wenham was unable to find their mother's doctor. They were born at Mount Sinai Hospital where medical records from prior to They did, however, have a geneticist in Toronto conclude that their deformities were the result of thalidomide.
In an interview with Global News, Wenham says “unfortunately the government is digging in its heels and is not listening to petitions or protests. It believes that that TSCP (Thalidomide Survivors Contribution Program) is fine and it's working great when in fact it is not.”
Health Minister Jane Philpott reiterated that the government is committed to working within the parameters set out.
“There are current criteria put in place,” they say, “and the process is not yet completed in terms of assessing all of those and as the process is completed we will certainly continue to make sure we are fair to all Canadians.”
A judge will now have to decide if the case can proceed as a class action lawsuit or if each individual will have to make their own application to the court.
YANGON: Myanmar's government on Monday (Jan 2) pledged to investigate a video apparently showing police beating and kicking Rohingya civilians, a rare admission that authorities may have carried out abuses against the Muslim minority.
Tens of thousands of people from the persecuted ethnic group - loathed by many of Myanmar's Buddhist majority - have fled a military operation in Rakhine state launched after attacks on police posts.
Bangladesh says about 50,000 Rohingya have fled across its border over the past two months. Many have brought harrowing accounts of rape, murder and arson at the hands of Myanmar's security forces.
Their stories have raised global alarm and galvanised protests against Myanmar's de facto leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, who has been accused of not doing enough to help the Rohingya.
Them government has said troops are hunting militants behind deadly raids on police border posts, denying claims of atrocities and launching a dogged information campaign against reports of abuse.
However, on Monday authorities pledged to take action "against police who allegedly beat villagers during area clearance operations on Nov 5 in Kotankauk village" in a statement carried in state media.
Dozens of videos have emerged apparently showing security forces abusing Rohingya, but this is the first time the government has said it will take action over them.
The footage shows police hitting a young boy around the head as they walk to where dozens of villagers are lined up in rows seated on the ground, hands behind their heads. Three officers in uniform then start attacking one of the sitting men, beating them with a stick and kicking them repeatedly in the face.
The video is filmed 'selfie-style' by an officer, named as constable Zaw Myo Htike by state media, which said they recorded it during "clearance operations" in Kotankauk village.
A Rohingya activist contacted by AFP said the footage had been verified by a refugee from the nearby camp, Shilkhali.
Buddhist-majority Myanmar has long discriminated against the stateless Rohingya, who rights groups say are among the most persecuted peoples in the world.
More than 120,000 have been trapped in squalid displacement camps since violence erupted in 2012 in Rakhine, where they are denied citizenship, access to healthcare and education.
More than a dozen Nobel laureates wrote to the UN Security Council last week urging action to stop the "human tragedy amounting to ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity" in northern Rakhine.
Under Myanmar's constitution Suu Kyi's civilian administration has limited power over the army, which maintains control of the defence, home and border ministries.
Tory Lanez dropped two new mixtapes for the new year.
Continue reading…
…read more
Read more here:: The Boombox
The Six Nations Arrows continue to be the class of provincial junior A lacrosse.
Six Nations captured its third Ontario Lacrosse Association championship in the past four years with a 3-0 win against the Mimico Mountaineers in the best-of-five championship series.
The Arrows have now won seven OLA championships since 2004. They've been runners-up five times.
Six Nations advanced to the Minto Cup Canadian championship in Brampton from Aug. 17 to 29. The Arrows have won four Minto Cups in their history, including back-to-back championships in 2014 and '15.
Leading Mimico 2-0 in the best-of-three final, Six Nations finished things with a 9-3 win at home last Wednesday.
After falling behind 3-0 in Game 3, Mimco battled back and trailed 5-3 after two periods. However, Six Nations put the game away in the third with four goals.
Austin Staats was phenomenal, scoring five goals to pace the offence. Tehoka Nanticoke (3A) and Cody Ward (1G, 2A) also provided spark.
Goaltender Doug Jamieson continued their tremendous season, allowing only three goals to earn the win.
Because the Minto Cup is in Brampton, two Ontario teams qualified for the Canadian championship so Mimico also will take part.
Ontario Senior B
Six Nations Rivermen
After a one-year hiatus from the top of the Ontario Senior B Lacrosse League, the Six Nations Rivermen are back as champions.
Playing in the best-of-five final, Six Nations swept the Owen Sound North Stars 3-0. The championship was the third in four years for the Rivermen, after they were dethroned in last year's final by the Brooklin Merchants.
The Presidents Cup takes place from Aug. 27 to Sept. 3 with the Can-Am League's Six Nations Slash acting as hosts.
The Rivermen won the national championship in 2015 and were silver medallists in 2014.
After jumping into a 2-0 series lead against Owen Sound, Six Nations needed overtime to seal the win, defeating the North Stars 13-10 on Friday at home.
Details were not available from the game.
OLA Junior C
Brantford Warriors
The Brantford Warriors were hoping to wake up on Tuesday morning as Meredith Cup provincial champions.
Brantford headed into a Monday game at home against the Clarington Shamrox up 3-2 in its best-of-seven Ontario Lacrosse Association junior C championship series. The result from Game 6 was not available by press time.
The Warriors were close to clinching the title thanks to a pair of wins last week.
Trailing Clarington 2-1 in the series, Brantford scored a 12-6 home win on Thursday and followed that with a 9-5 road win on Saturday.
The Warriors left nothing to chance in Game 4, taking a 6-1 first-period lead on their way to the win.
Hunter Aggus (5G) and Austin Giles (5A) had massive games for Brantford while Caleb Wells (2G, 2A) and Cole Robillard (2G, 2A) weren't far behind.
Game 5 featured a parade to the penalty box as the two teams combined for 234 minutes in penalties. Clarington got 147 of those while Brantford was assessed 87 minutes.
Cole Robillard (1G, 3A), Austin Giles (3G, 1A), Caleb Wells (1G, 2A) and Connor Merritt (2G, 1A) were the offensive leaders.
Lucas Nagy picked up their second straight win in goal.
Major Series
Six Nations Chiefs
The Six Nations Chiefs had a chance to move into the Major Series Lacrosse league final on Monday night.
Leading the Oakville Rock 3-2 in a best-of-seven semifinal series, Six Nations was hosting Game 6 at home on Monday. The result of that game was not available by press time.
The Rock have given the Chiefs fits all series long.
Sitting at 1-1, Six Nations went ahead 2-1 following a 10-6 home win on Aug. 8. That was followed by a 10-5 Oakville win on Thursday and a 5-4 Six Nations overtime victory on Saturday.
Ryan Benesch (3G, 2A), Vaughn Harris (2G, 2A) and Dhane Smith (3G, 1A) provided the firepower in Game 3 while Ryan Benesch (2G, 1A) and Dhane Smith (1G, 2A) were the offensive leaders in the Game 4 loss.
Vaughn Harris (2G, 1A) was the overtime hero in Game 5. Dan Dawson (3G, 1A) was also outstanding on offence.
Dillon Ward picked up both wins in goal.
The Peterborough Lakers and Brooklin Redmen were playing Game 5 in their semifinal series late Monday. They were tied 2-2.
bsmiley@postmedia.com
twitter.com/expbsmiley
If there?s one thing Neil Woodford is known for, it?s their ability to suss out brilliant income stocks that fly under the radar of many retail investors. One such firm that?s caught the attention of Woodford and myself is real estate investment trust (REIT) Hansteen Holdings (LSE: HSTN). As a REIT, the company must pay out 90% of its rental income as dividends, for which the company is given highly beneficial tax status. At present this dividend yields 4.09% annually. Now, there are plenty of other property firms out there that also pay substantial dividends but a few things about Hansteen…
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
If there's one thing Neil Woodford is known for, it's their ability to suss out brilliant income stocks that fly under the radar of many retail investors. One such firm that's caught the attention of Woodford and myself is real estate investment trust (REIT) Hansteen Holdings (LSE: HSTN).
As a REIT, the company must pay out 90% of its rental income as dividends, for which the company is given highly beneficial tax status. At present this dividend yields 4.09% annually.
Now, there are plenty of other property firms out there that also pay substantial dividends but a few things about Hansteen in particular have excited my interest. The first is that the firm's co-founders are still joint CEOs and have proven adept at riding out the cyclical nature of the property sector with aplomb since founding the firm in 2005 and its predecessor in 1989.
This long experience in the industry lends the pair the trust of investors when they make ambitious calls, such as the recent sale of the entirety of the firm's Dutch and German assets for €1.28bn to concentrate on its UK portfolio. Management decided that with occupancy and rent rates high, this was a good time to realise its investment and return a great deal of the proceeds to shareholders.
This return will take place through a £580m tender offer, whereby shareholders can sell up to one in two of their shares back to the company at 140p each. The rest of the proceeds will be used to pay down debt and provide the capital for further asset purchases in the UK.
As management sees UK property prices as elevated, these purchases will probably be small bolt-on acquisitions to its already sizeable portfolio of industrial properties. The value of these properties has risen nicely in recent years due to increased demand for e-commerce-related storage and shipping facilities, so valuation uplift potential looks solid, even with Brexit looming over other parts of the property sector.
With an already impressive dividend yield set to increase as the company buys back shares, I reckon Hansteen could be an interesting choice for yield-starved investors.
Building growth from the ground up
Another Woodford holding on my radar is flooring distributor Headlam Group (LSE: HEAD). The company's stock currently offers investors a 3.94% yielding dividend that has been growing steadily in recent years.
Growing dividends have been fuelled by rising earnings due to both organic growth and bolt-on acquisitions. In the half year to June, like-for-like sales (LFL) rose 2.1% in the UK and 3% in Europe, while overall group growth was 4% thanks to two bolt-on acquisitions and the weak pound.
Looking forward, there is still plenty of expansion potential as it moves into new territories in the UK and Europe, which currently accounts for only 14.1% of the group's £340m of H1 sales. Also attractive is the company's rising cash flow as the benefits of scale increase margins. In H1, operations generated £17.1m in cash that helped boost its net cash position to £49.8m.
With lots of cash on hand, rising margins and impressive growth potential I reckon Headlam may prove an attractive income and growth option in the coming years.
The killer grandfather of abused toddler Kody Smart lost their bid for freedom Wednesday.
Brian Matthews, 40, who was sentenced to eight years in prison for manslaughter, was seeking $150,000 bail pending an appeal. Ontario's highest court turned them down.
“This court is not satisfied the appeal case has sufficient merit” to warrant the release of Matthews, ruled Justice C. William Hourigan of the Ontario Court of Appeal.
“This is a very serious offence involving a vulnerable victim and they received a lengthy sentence,” said Hourigan.
Matthews was sentenced last Thursday in St. Catharines following a conviction for the shaking death of their 13-month-old grandson. Matthews inflicted fatal head injuries by violently shaking the child while they were alone babysitting in July 2015, court heard.
They testified that their large labrador retriever-bullmastiff cross dog named Duke collided with Kody and caused the lethal brain injuries. Their appeal lawyer, Richard Stern, argued the trial judge “erred in finding that a dog couldn't possibly have caused” Kody's injuries.
Stern also argued that the onus was on the Crown to negate the “dog scenario.”
Kody died a little over two months after Niagara Region's children's aid society, known as FACS, granted Matthews — a convicted child abuser and long-haul truck-driver from Thorold — and their wife Jacylyn, custody of Kody.
Child welfare authorities knew Matthews pleaded guilty to assaulting Kody's father, Brett Matthews Smart, when the victim was a few months old in the mid-1990s. They were sentenced to 18 months probation for that assault.
Kody Smart's step-grandfather Chris York said the bail decision “comes as a relief as we know Brian Matthews isn't getting out.
“But we still believe they should have gotten a longer sentence and we hope the Crown cross-appeals on sentence if Matthews continues to seek their appeal,” said York.
spazzano@postmedia.com
A great cheese plate surprises us, not just in that “I found a new cheese that I love” way, but by transforming how we think about the world of cheese, and ultimately, ourselves. Is this is a ridiculous amount of power to cede to cheese? I've heard too many people gush about being “obsessed with,”, “addicted to,” or “in love with” cheese to be that cynical.
These cheese triptychs represent a few concepts to deepen your enjoyment of cheese. The first plate explores the differences in the main cheesemaking milks. The second, the influence of Europe on American cheese. The third is a reminder that a great cheese plate often starts with a great cheesemonger. The fourth posits cheese as a very real form of national expression. And the last turns its nose not at the odor of the stinky cheese it celebrates, but at the deeply held belief that a cheese plate must be built on contrasting cheeses. With each plate we eat something delicious, but also learn something along the way, shifting the experience from merely tasty to enlightening.
Photo by Alex Lau, Food Styling by Anna Billingskog, Prop Styling Astrid Chastka
THE HOLY TRINITY: GOAT, COW, SHEEP
One of the most useful tropes for composing a cheese plate is to choose one cheese from each of the main milks used to make cheese. It's an effective route to an interesting plate, and a convenient framework for creating your own personal Cheesus.
Capriole Dairy Wabash Cannonball is a wrinkly, petite orb of ash-dusted goat cheese made by one of the pioneers of American artisan cheese. It has a honey-ied, tangy, dense paste that holds some quiet yet willfully musky notes, like how a hamster is soft, cuddly and sweet, but also kind of smells.
As one of the oldest styles of French cheese, the recipe for Cantal is a building block for many other cheeses, including cheddar. Aged Cantal has a firm, dense, earthy paste and a rind that looks like the crust on the bottom of a muddy pair of boots. Young Cantal is mild, smooth, and grassy, with a more genteel rind. Both have their place, but aged Cantal is where the magic happens: it's a complex, deep cheese to get you thinking.
Bleu des Basques is a study in textural variation: an uber rich paste of buttery, lanolin-laced sheep's milk holds pockets of crunchy, mild, crystalline blue mold. A French- Basque sermon for conversion to the magical realism of sheep's milk.
Photo by Alex Lau, Food Styling by Anna Billingskog, Prop Styling Astrid Chastka
HISTORY REPEATING
Some of the best cheeses from pioneering American artisan cheese makers who've shaped the real cheese revolution look back to Europe for inspiration, but are all about the here and now.
Jasper Hill Creamery Moses Sleeper is a new-World interpretation of Brie (by way of Vermont) that faithfully delivers the right vibe with notes of fresh mushrooms and crème fraiche.
It's been a great year for The Farm at Doe Run, whose St. Malachi won one of the top prizes in the 2017 American Cheese Society (2nd place, Best in Show). This cow's milk cheese from Pennsylvania is a hybrid of Gouda and alpine styles, with a hard, dense paste that's all buttered wheat toast and hazelnut butter.
Old Chatham Ewe's Blue is a deeply mottled sheep's milk blue in the style of Roquefort with notes of fresh and cooked fruits (think grandma's stewed prunes, but appetizing) and a buttermilk-like tang.
Photo by Alex Lau, Food Styling by Anna Billingskog, Prop Styling Astrid Chastka
TRUST YOUR MONGER
Trust is the backbone of European food culture: Who you buy from is almost more important than what you're buying. Marcelli Formaggi is one of my trusted purveyors—if they're selling it, I know it's good. This spread is sourced from their collection of farmstead cheeses made in and around Abruzzo, Italy.
Sweet, grassy cow's milk butter stuffed inside a firm, stretched-curd Caciocavallo cheese? Sign me up! Manteca Caciocavallo Podolico is a cheese you can't stop talking about. Why? Because it's butter and cheese—don't be coy.
Putting a superior version of a cheese people think they know about on a plate is a signature smarty-pants move. Pecorino Primo Sale is a young, semi-firm pecorino (sheep cheese) that's floral, earthy, and just a smidge salty. It wrests pecorino from its reputation as a dry, hard wedge that's either too bland or too funky.
Where there's smoke there's fire, and Smoked Ricotta Peperoncino has plenty of both, from the juniper wood used to smoke it, and the fire engine red pepperoncini crusting this funky little drum.
Photo by Alex Lau, Food Styling by Anna Billingskog, Prop Styling Astrid Chastka
GREAT DANES
Danish cheeses have more in common with the modern functionality of Arne Jacobson furniture than the experimental existentialism of a Lars Von Trier film. They're well-crafted, precisely realized, and user-friendly. Sometimes the discovery of a less-explored cheese culture is a cheese plate's revelation, beyond the cheese itself.
Fenna Mundo is a fresh goat cheese flecked with fennel—a bright, tangy aromatic herbal bite that's elegantly adorned and simply delicious.
Antvorskov is a mild cow's milk cheese with a dense paste that has the nuttiness of Gruyere, the dense toasted milky-ness of Gouda, and the I-can't-stop-eating-this appeal of your favorite snacking cheese.
Sixty or so years ago, back when there wasn't much European cheese available in the United States, Danish blue was the cow's moo, and one of a handful of stalwart Euro imports. Bla Kornblomst is a velvety, rich, medium-bodied blue that's a superior example of the genre.
Photo by Alex Lau, Food Styling by Anna Billingskog, Prop Styling Astrid Chastka
GET UP ON THAT FUNK
There are those who love stinky cheese and those whose opinion I don't respect. Stinky cheese is life. Don't @ me.
Shaped liked a twee brick and wrapped in gold foil, Bachensteiner channels some serious Solid Gold disco funk by way of Germany. It's a silky, full-bodied stinker with grassy, meaty, onion-y notes.
Goat milk cheeses with washed rinds like Fiacco di Capra are rare, and that's a shame. Briny and pungent is a good look with goat's milk, whose bright twang can handle the intensity of the style. This Taleggio-style cheese with a smooth, semi-soft paste is as lively and expressive as a Soul Train dance line.
U Pecorinu is an oozy little puck of sheep's milk funk with a sticky rind and notes of wild oregano—a rustic, animally cheese that will tell you something good (tell me that you like it).
Tia Keenan is the author of The Art of the Cheese Plate: Pairings, Recipes, Style, Attitude (Rizzoli) and the forthcoming Short Stack Edition: Chèvre and Melt, Stretch, Sizzle: The Art of Cooking Cheese (Rizzoli).
Want more cheese content? Yeah, you do .
SINGAPORE: There was a collective gasp across newsrooms and marketing departments when Facebook decided to change its algorithm to focus less on news and brands, and more on friends and family.
On Jan 11, Mark Zuckerberg posted on Facebook that one of the social media giant's "big focus areas for 2018 is making sure the time we all spend on Facebook is time well spent".
Facebook's goal will no longer be helping users “find relevant content”, but helping them "have more meaningful social interaction". Posts from businesses, brands and media are "crowding out the personal moments" for users, they said.
"The research shows that when we use social media to connect with people we care about, it can be good for our well-being," they wrote.
"We can feel more connected and less lonely, and that correlates with long-term measures of happiness and health. On the other hand, passively reading articles or watching videos - even if they're entertaining or informative - may not be as good."
Many businesses and media outlets were concerned that their reach and visibility online would be affected if referral traffic on Facebook, which has grown over the years, diminishes.
Advertisement
Advertisement
There are already reams of stories, blog posts and commentaries out there on what this change might mean for your website, business or marketing department - articles which may not appear on my Facebook news feed anymore, but which Google willingly dished up in nanoseconds.
Social media influencers seem to think that they, as "personal brands", will gain the upper hand after this latest tweak. And the first reaction from brands, businesses and media? To get you to add them as Facebook friends and "see them first".
Not that they had many options open to them. Facebook often dishes out algorithm tweaks, sometimes without an announcement, so reading the tea leaves of what might work, then adapting their strategy is the best they can do.
A Facebook logo is seen at the Facebook Gather conference in Brussels, Belgium on Jan 23, 2018. (Photo: REUTERS/Yves Herman)
CHASING EYEBALLS, FENDING OFF FAKE NEWS
The trigger for all this is likely Facebook's concern that it will soon run into regulatory issues concerning the use of platforms like Facebook to deliberately spread fake news and manipulate public opinion, experts said.
Following the 2016 US election, fingers were pointed at Facebook and how it propagated bias and hyperbole by prioritising user engagement over ensuring news on its platforms were verified. Some said that the Internet and social media fed people what they wanted to read, creating "filter bubbles" and echo chambers that entrenched them in their positions and deepened political fault lines.
Governments, including authorities in Singapore, are increasingly concerned about how falsehoods can spread online more quickly, and how these can used as a tool to influence politics and elections.
Facebook itself has reported that it has identified thousands of posts and paid advertisements placed by Russia-based operatives, in the aftermath of the 2016 presidential elections. It also estimates that many as 126 million Americans may have seen content uploaded by Russian-based agents over the past two years.
Facebook has also come under attack by watchdogs and regulators, amid concerns about its collection of user habits and data for advertisement targeting.
Germany's Federal Cartel Office said many users were unaware their movements on other sites were being shadowed by Facebook, and that it "can also not be assumed" that users consent to the data collection. (Photo: AFP/Justin TALLIS)
So, with this change, Facebook hopes to advance a step ahead of regulators by fixing its feed first.
As a digital journalist who monitors the ebb and flow of news stories, their page views and rankings nearly every day, it is clear that other than major announcements that affect our daily lives or disasters, the stories that get the most engagement on Facebook are the offbeat, the tearjerkers and at times, the grotesque.
If there are sensational stories or a quack cure, more likely than not, one of your friends or family has passed it along - with little thought and no ill-intent; but like an undetected virus, the news has spread.
Recall the recent "kidnapping scares": Unverified reports which were being spread via messaging services and social media led to people jumping to their own conclusions, which then required statements from the police and news reports to debunk.
So while Zuckerberg has also declared that their other focus in 2018 is to prioritise news that is "trustworthy, informative, and local", it's not clear how Facebook will, or if it can, burst the bubbles of reality people create for themselves in an already polarised world.
It's clear too that a listed company worth billions must have thought through carefully the business considerations of such a move. Other reasons other than users' well-being have been posited for the shift.
Dr Adrian Yeow, senior lecturer at the School of Business at the Singapore University of Social Sciences says Facebook is likely re-focusing on what it is selling – eyeballs, or the attention and engagement of its users.
"There may be a trend among users who are losing patience with Facebook ... Given that the 'eyeballs' may be losing interest or getting turned off by the blatant monetisation of their time and attention, Facebook has to address this," they said.
Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg said surging profits for the leading social network don't matter if the platform can't clean up abuse. (Photo: AFP/Drew Angerer)
GET REAL
Let's revisit this idea that Facebook's intent is for us to have more meaningful social interactions.
The thing is - if we need Facebook to help us have more meaningful social interactions, then we are truly forlorn. A couple of likes for our holiday snaps may induce a blip of joy but the holiday itself should be the main thing for most people (unless they happen to be social media influencers on a job).
What Zuckerberg also fails to mention is that one way that people can have more meaningful social interactions is to spend less time on Facebook and more time talking to the people around them.
Facebook's "likes" have been called "dopamine hits" and compared to addictive drugs.
Last October, the Facebook engineer who created the “like” button, Justin Rosenstein, warned of the “constant distraction” that has resulted from addictive technology in an interview with The Guardian.  They are one of a number of social media pioneers who have voiced such concerns recently.
Facebook has been tweaking and adjusting its algorithm to maximise clicks, engagement and monetise its platform for years, to the point where some users feel that their news feed is now an endless scroll of mindless videos and clickbait.
And so what if I see more posts from friends and family? Is perving on people you have a tenuous connection with that much more meaningful?
It could also raise problematic questions like: Why didn't we get invited to that wedding that our former colleague posted on Facebook? How come I didn't get that many likes for that really artistic shot of my avocado toast?
A man is silhouetted against a video screen with an Facebook logo as they pose with an Samsung S4 smartphone in this photo illustration on August 14, 2013. (Photo:/Reuters)
Social interactions, online or otherwise, are a source of joy as well as anxiety for most people. Whether Facebook's algorithmic prescription for our well-being will work? It's really hard to say, partly because we don't really know the details of the changes that are being made.
People think of algorithms as computer code, but what they embody are rules - made by humans, said Dr Lim Wee Kiat, research fellow at NTU's Asian Business Case Centre.
"Embedded in them are social norms and ethics, so it may make sense to consult the broader community rather than allow a few companies to decide on such 'social nudging'," said Dr Lim, who is one of the authors of Living Digital 2040: Future of work, education and healthcare.
“I hope that algorithms companies use will be subject to more scrutiny and reflect more of society's norms rather than purely meet the companies' ends.”
At this point, it seems there is little hope of that happening and it may be better to just take matters into our own hands.
Facebook does facilitate connections, but if prioritising comments rather than shares or likes is the extent to which it can deepen our interactions, it seems a futile gesture.
So if you really want to connect with your loved ones this year, just get offline and start doing so. But wait, there's this really cute otter video that I, like, have to see first.
Chew Hui Min is an editor at Channel NewsAsia Digital News.
No, it's not a major character death, but it's close enough.
The Walking Dead star Andrew Lincoln has disclosed that he's leaving the long-running AMC zombie TV show at some point during the upcoming season. Initially reported by insider blog Collider, there was no reveal about how Lincoln's character, Rick Grimes, will ultimately sign off, but fans should expect to see a lot less of them in Season 9.
READ MORE: Kim Kardashian to meet Donald Trump at White House to discuss prison reform
Lincoln's Rick is only appearing in approximately six episodes.
“I can't wait to see this next episode,” Lincoln told Entertainment Weekly after the Season 8 finale. “It's really interesting. It's very different in a good way. In an exciting way. It's more reminiscent of the pilot than any other season that we've embarked on, which makes me very happy. It's a good time for it. I feel like Season 1. It's a big year, and I'm excited for it.”
*** WARNING: ‘THE WALKING DEAD' SPOILERS BELOW ***
Over the last several seasons, TWD fans have had to cope with major character deaths, including fan favourites Glenn (Steven Yeun), Sasha (Sonequa Martin-Green) and Carl (Chandler Riggs). In fact, the majority of the original cast is no longer on the show; Rick has undoubtedly carried it, so it's up in the air where TWD will go without its figurehead.
Collider reports that AMC has offered Norman Reedus, who plays Darryl Dixon, a substantial raise to keep them on the show's roster and to move into the lead role.
Earlier this year, there were rumours that another member of the cast, Lauren Cohan (Maggie Rhee), was contemplating leaving TWD as well due to compensation issues. At the end of April, they revealed at CinemaCon that they would be returning for Season 9.
Apparently, Cohan is only returning for six episodes as well, since she's signed on to ABC pilot Whiskey Cavalier. She's cast as the lead on that show so the majority of their time will be spent on it.
TWD is undergoing a transformation at the moment, and not just in front of the camera. Behind the scenes, Angela Kang is taking over as showrunner from longtime head Scott Gimple.
READ MORE: Roseanne Barr blames sleep aid Ambien for racist tweet, drugmaker replies with sharp retort
AMC declined to comment on Lincoln's departure.
New episodes return in October.
Kathmandu: Nearly 100 Indian pilgrims were on Wednesday evacuated, as authorities stepped up efforts to rescue those stranded in Nepal's mountainous region due to heavy rain while returning from the Kailash Mansarovar pilgrimage in Tibet.
Five commercial flights and one Nepal Army chopper operated on Wednesday, transporting 96 Indian stranded pilgrims from Simikot to Surkhet as the weather condition in Nepalgunj is bad. On the Hilsa-Simikot route, three Nepal Army choppers operated, the Indian Embassy said.
Till Tuesday, around 250 of the over 1,500 Indian pilgrims stranded were evacuated safely from Hilsa, the embassy had said. While Hilsa is extremely infrastructure lean, Simikot has decent boarding, communication and medical facilities. A total of 158 people were evacuated on Tuesday from Simikot to Nepalganj, which is a fairly big city with all modern facilities and three hours road connectivity to Lucknow, the mission had said.
The embassy has already set up a hotline for pilgrims and their family members, which also comprises other language speaking staff for Tamil, Telugu, Kannada and Malayalam speakers.
Two pilgrims — Leela Narayanan Mandredath, 56, of Kerala and Satya Laxmi of Andhra Pradesh — died on Monday due to high altitude sickness in Simikot and heart attack in Tibet respectively, the Indian Embassy had said. Their bodies were brought by special helicopters to Kathmandu and Nepalganj respectively, it said in a statement.
Tenzin Norbu Lama, the managing director of Sunny Travels and Treks, one of the major tour operators handling the Kailash Mansarovar Yatra, said Indian pilgrims were stranded as the air transport links were cut off due to bad weather but there were no problems in food and accommodation. "However, mountain areas lack proper medical facilities in the event of pilgrims suffering from altitude sickness due to their prolonged stay in the region," Lama was quoted as saying by the local media.
The pilgrimage to Kailash Mansarovar in Tibetan region of China is considered holy by Hindus, Buddhists and Jains. Every year, hundreds of Indians undertake the 'yatra' which involves trekking under inhospitable conditions.
CAMPAIGNERS who fought to re-open Pangbourne's public toilets celebrated victory on Saturday following a two-year fight.
More than 100 villagers attended a special ceremony as the Station Road public toilets were re-opened, exactly two years since they were closed due to West Berkshire Council cuts.
The newly-named Pangbourne Community Toilets were re-opened after a £15,000 fundraising drive by Action for Pangbourne Toilets (APT) Community Trust, a registered charity set up by residents earlier this year to run the facility on a 99-year lease from West Berkshire Council.
The toilets were officially re-opened by BBC Radio Berkshire presenter Bill Buckley, who was joined by MP for Reading West Alok Sharma, Pangbourne district councillor Pamela Bale (Con) and APT chair of trustees Sir Brian Hoskins.
Guests then enjoyed a slice of celebratory cake specially made for the occasion.
Sir Brian said: “Today's re-opening is the culmination of a lot of hard work by the APT trustees and our supporters.
“The support from the local community has been brilliant and the money awarded to us by local organisations has been vital in enabling us to commit to keeping the toilets open for the first 12 months.
“Our fundraising must continue so that we can secure the future of the toilets in the longer term, but for now we are very pleased with what Pangbourne as a community has been able to achieve.”
The Station Road toilets closed in October 2015 after West Berkshire Council withdrew funding.
The district council said that the facilities could be kept open by Pangbourne Parish Council if it valued them and was willing to pay for them.
But, faced with a five-year responsibility for the toilets and the yearly £14,000 maintenance charge, the parish council decided it was not prepared to take on the loos.
However, it did vote to open the Recreation Ground toilets for 12 months of the year, which were previously only open for six months.
APT said that the closure would impact older and disabled people living in and visiting the village.
REUTERS: The World Anti-Doping Agency said on Friday it has lifted a three-month partial suspension of the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) Olympic Analytical Laboratory.
The laboratory, which had continued to carry out its regular anti-doping activities, is no longer required to obtain a second opinion prior to reporting adverse analytical findings for four specific prohibited substances, WADA said in a statement.
UCLA's lab was suspended in June from analysing glucocorticoids prednisolone and prednisone and the anabolic steroids boldenone and boldione after WADA's quality assessment procedures "identified non-conformities with best practice,” the anti-doping agency said at the time.
“We commend the UCLA Laboratory for their quick and effective response in addressing the issue that led to the partial suspension,” WADA Director General Olivier Niggli said. “Athletes can be confident that the Laboratory is operating at the high standards required by WADA and the global anti-doping program.”
WADA from time to time suspends accredited laboratories that do not meet established standards.
The French anti-doping laboratory of Chatenay-Malabry, where disgraced American cyclist Lance Armstrong's samples had been tested, last month was provisionally suspended by WADA.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The suspension was imposed "due to analytical issues self-reported to WADA by the laboratory,” the agency said in a statement, without elaborating.
(Reporting by Gene Cherry in Salvo, North Carolina; Editing by Rex Gowar)
SINGAPORE: The Agri-Food and Veterinary Authority of Singapore (AVA) said it is monitoring the situation at Tuas bus terminal after a video of a large group of boars gathering outside the terminal's canteen surfaced on social media.
In response to queries from Channel NewsAsia, AVA said on Thursday (Jun 15) it is aware of the boar sighting, adding that it will "explore further measures if needed".
The video, which was shared widely on Wednesday night, shows about 20 boars outside the National Transport Workers' Union canteen. Most of them were calm, and left a man unloading a trolley alone.
"From the video, it appears that the boars may have been conditioned to being fed by people," an AVA spokesperson said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The authority reiterated that members of the public should not feed the boars, as it alters their behaviour and may cause them to be reliant on humans for food, resulting in "human-animal conflicts".
At about 11.50am on Thursday, an SBS Transit staff member was seen putting up a sign outside the canteen, reminding people not to feed wild animals.
AVA also advised the public not to approach or disturb the boars if they come across them.
"The public should keep a safe distance from the wild boars and avoid confronting or cornering them. Do not interact with the wild boars, and ensure that young children and pets are kept away as they may be curious and approach the boars," AVA added.
A secondary school student who was in the area dropped by the bus terminal on Thursday afternoon to see the boars.
"Since I'm a transport enthusiast, my friend and I were here to explore the Tuas West extension. Curiosity sparked after viewing the online video of the boars posted last night and so we decided to come and see if there are any wild boars around," said Beckham Er, 15.
However, when Channel NewsAsia arrived at Tuas bus terminal on Thursday, there were no boars in the area.
Whether you're training for this year's London Marathon, or just trying to get the new year off to a good start by going for the odd jog, you're probably asking yourself the same question: "What can I eat before a run that isn't spaghetti Bolognese?"
As well as Lycra, smugness and hi-vis fitness jackets, bowls of pasta are synonymous with running culture – but there are alternative running-fuel ingredients, and sports nutritionist Anita Bean, is committed to proving that. The health writer has put together 100 recipes specifically geared towards the needs of runners – in their latest collection, The Runner's Cookbook.
Here, Anita busts some myths and sets out some golden rules...
Being a runner doesn't mean you can eat whatever you like all the time
"Runners starting out often think running is a license to continue eating whatever they want. Runner's weight gain is quite a real phenomenon, and that's because many runners overestimate the amount of calories they burn, or overcompensate by consuming extra food after their runs," explains Anita. "Or they think, ‘Well, I've run 10k today, so I deserve this chocolate cake'. Basically, it's getting the balance between calories in/calories out wrong. And it's fair to say some runners will find their appetite increases, but once you continue running regularly, you find your appetite will reduce."
In fact, you ought to be even more careful about what you're eating
"Start to really cut down on highly processed foods: sugars, sugary snacks, crisps, high-fat, high-sugar foods. Instead, ensure your diet contains lots of fresh fruit, fresh foods and more natural wholefoods. Whole grains, fruit, vegetables, nuts, seeds, lean meat, fish."
Don't cut out carbohydrates
"If you've got a long or hard run ahead, you want to eat more carbohydrate. Carbohydrate is what we call a fast fuel – it's the muscles' preferred fuel, it produces energy faster than fat or protein. If you try and cut down your carbs, you'll feel really tired and fatigued to start with, but you'll find that it may sustain you for long, slow runs, your low intensity easy runs, but a low-carb diet cannot fuel high-intensity runs."
Delicious.magazine tips: 5 top smoothie combos
1 BLUEBERRY AND OAT
Whizz a handful of porridge oats in a blender with a splash of water.
Add half a banana, a large handful of blueberries (frozen is fine) and a few spoonfuls of natural yogurt, then whizz again.
Blend in a pinch of ground cinnamon and honey to taste – loosen with a splash of milk if it's too thick.
2 BANANA AND ALMOND BUTTER
Whizz a banana with a few tablespoons of almond butter, a glass of milk and, if you like, honey to taste. One for kids – big and small.
3 BEETROOT, CARROT AND GINGER
Blend equal amounts of carrot and beetroot with apple juice, a stick of celery and a few slices of fresh ginger.
Make it slightly tart by adding orange juice to taste.
4 MANGO, CASHEW AND CARDAMOM
Put peeled, cubed mango in a blender with a handful of cashews, a squeeze of lime juice and the seeds from a couple of cardamom pods.
Add milk (and a pinch of ground turmeric if you like) and blend.
5 SPINACH, AVOCADO AND COCONUT WATER
Whizz an avocado with several generous handfuls of spinach and enough coconut water to thin to smoothie thickness.
The new monthly surveys released by broadcasters ARD and ZDF are showing very weak support for Angela Merkel as well as Martin Schulz, who are struggling to form a new coalition government and avoid new elections, which would only see them lose more power.
Top negotiators from Merkel's Christian Democrats (CDU), their Bavarian sister party, the Christian Social Union (CSU), and the Social Democrats (SPD) started meeting in working groups on Friday to prepare a final round of coalition talks.
The three parties hope to reach agreement by Sunday on a deal on another grand coalition with Chancellor Merkel at the helm.
However time, as well as the patience of German voters, is running out.
The Social Democrats, who have at times been a reluctant participant in the Merkel coalition talks, have slipped further in the polls.
The party slumped to 18 percent in the DeutschlandTrend survey released late Thursday by broadcaster ARD, its worst polling result yet.
A survey released by broadcaster ZDF on Friday placed the party at 19 percent, marking a one-percentage-point fall on the previous week.
The SPD is divided over the prospect of a renewed grand coalition with Merkel's Christian Democrats and the Bavarian CSU.
The CDU-CSU stood at 31 per cent in the ZDF Politbarometer survey, down two percentage points.
SPD leader Martin Schulz, who had initially vowed to go into opposition after leading their party to its worst election result since 1949, lost 5 percentage points in the DeutschlandTrend poll, with their popularity rating dropping to 25 per cent.
The sobering polling numbers came as the CDU, the CSU and the SPD made further agreements on policy, including a 6-billion-euro education packet lauded as a win for the center-left.
However the SPD has made concessions in other areas, most notably on the hot topic of family reunions for refugees, with an annual cap of 12,000 being placed on the number of people allowed to bring relatives to join them in Germany. The party had previously campaigned for the right to be extended to all refugees.
CSU Secretary General Andreas Scheuer admitted there were still obstacles to overcome, but also spoke of a willingness of the parties to reach agreement.
"We want to unleash a new dynamic in Germany," Scheuer said, but they added that the issues were complex, and urged the general public to be patient. Scheuer said the high-level talks might well continue Monday or Tuesday as differences remain over health care and employment issues.
Merkel has struggled to break the political deadlock in Europe's biggest economy since an inconclusive national election on Sept. 24 (132 days). The SPD, the CDU and the CSU all suffered heavy losses in the poll, while the Eurosceptic, anti-mass immigration AfD managed to enter the Bundestag for the first time in its short history, securing 94 seats.
The stakes are high for Merkel, whose first attempt to build a coalition with the leftist Greens and the business-libertarian Free Democrats failed last year.
The SPD's roughly 450,000 rank-and-file members will vote on any coalition agreement reached by their party leaders. A grassroots campaign has been under way in the party to prevent it from teaming up with the chancellor for another four years.
A failure to renew the current grand coalition in Germany could trigger early elections or force the chancellor to head a risky minority government.
A new election is also almost certain to hand more power to the AfD, which has been shunned by every party in the Bundestag.
In order to use Medscape, your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site.
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration. The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site.
A recent study from Denmark shows that a strain of drug-resistant staph carried by pigs is causing severe illnesses in people who have no contact with pigs or farms. The infections have occurred even though Denmark has some of the most stringent controls on antibiotic use and the study's authors say the United States may be risking similar undiagnosed infections.
The study by American and Danish researchers, published May 30 in the journal Clinical Infectious Diseases, analyzes records of antibiotic-resistant infections routinely collected by the Danish national health system. It finds that, between 2010 and 2015, a strain of staph known as “livestock-associated MRSA” caused an increasing amount of bloodstream infections, rising in 2014 to 16 percent of all the bloodstream infections caused by resistant staph.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. (WOOD) — New parents may notice something different at Spectrum Health Butterworth Hospital: A pacifier will not be given to their newborn unless it's requested.
That's one of the steps the hospital has taken as an accredited member of the Baby-Friendly Hospital Initiative.
“We want to stay on the cutting edge of whatever's going on, and if this is one thing we can do to help moms be successful in breast-feeding, then we're going to do that,” said Katie McNabnay, senior project specialist of women's and infant services at Spectrum Health.
Spectrum Health Butterworth Hospital is one of the 482 hospitals nationwide that holds the baby friendly designation, which is part of an initiative started in the early 1990s as a partnership between the World Health Organization and UNICEF.
The goal is to get babies breast-feeding. It appears to be working for day-old Levi, who came into the world via cesarean section.
“He took to feeding like a champ. It's been cool,” said Levi's mother, Sharayah Weinberger.
That was the goal for Weinberger's doctors and nurses, who understand that the best steps for baby vary widely from parent to parent and family to family.
“We support moms who bottle-feed too. It's not about making anyone feel bad. It's about whatever support this mom needs,” said McNabnay.
“The suck that a baby does at the breast is different than the suck a baby does on a bottle or pacifier. Some babies go back and forth just fine but some don't. Some get confused and struggle,” explained McNabnay.
The American Academy of Pediatrics also recommends introducing a pacifier after breast-feeding is established because it reduces the risk of Sudden Infant Death Syndrome.
“This Baby Friendly (designation), it's ten steps and it lifts all of those barriers that we impose as health care workers,” said McNabnay.
Instead of moving the baby to another room for tests and examination, the baby now goes from the womb right into its mother's arms.
“I got to do skin-to-skin with them for like an hour and a half before they did anything, which was awesome,” said Weinberger.
Just like a growing child, hospital practices change with more knowledge and evidence. However, a mother's wishes will be honored.
Spectrum Health received its baby friendly designation in October of 2014. It is currently the only Baby-Friendly USA, Inc. accredited hospital in West Michigan.
—-
Online:
Baby-Friendly USA
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 8:28 pm |
James Alex Fields Jr., second from left, holds a black shield Saturday in Charlottesville, Va., during a white-supremacist rally took place. (Alan Goffinski/ AP)
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) - Emboldened and proclaiming victory after a bloody weekend in Virginia, white nationalists are planning more demonstrations to promote their agenda following the violence that left a woman dead and dozens injured.
The University of Florida said white provocateur Richard Spencer, whose appearances sometimes stoke unrest, is seeking permission to speak there next month. And white nationalist Preston Wiginton said they are planning a “White Lives Matter” rally at Texas A&M University in September.
Also, a neo-Confederate group has asked the state of Virginia for permission to rally at a monument to Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee in Richmond on Sept. 16, and other events are likely.
“We're going to be more active than ever before,” Matthew Heimbach, a white nationalist leader, said Monday.
James Alex Fields Jr., a young man who was said to idolize Adolf Hitler and Nazi Germany in high school, was charged with killing a woman by slamming a car into a group of counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally Sunday in Charlottesville, Virginia.
The U.S. Justice Department said it will review the violence, and Attorney General Jeff Sessions told ABC that the death of counter-protester Heather Heyer, 32, met the definition of domestic terrorism.
White nationalists said they were undaunted.
Heimbach, who said they were pepper-sprayed during the melee in Charlottesville, called the event Saturday “an absolute stunning victory” for the far right because of the large number of supporters who descended on the city to decry plans to remove a statue of Lee.
Hundreds of white nationalists, white supremacists, neo-Nazis, Ku Klux Klan members and others were involved, by some estimates, in what Heimbach, leader of the Traditionalist Workers Party, called the nation's biggest such event in a decade or more. Even more opponents turned out, and the two sides clashed violently.
A neo-Nazi website that helped promote the gathering said there will be more events soon.
“We are going to start doing this nonstop. Across the country,” said the site.
The head of the National Socialist Movement, Jeff Schoep, said Charlottesville was a “really good” white nationalist event that was being overshadowed by the deaths. “Any time someone loses their lives it's unfortunate,” they said.
Preserving memorials to the Old South has become an animating force for the white nationalist movement, not because all members are Southern, Schoep said, but because adherents see the drive to remove such monuments as part of a larger, anti-white crusade.
“It's an assault on American freedoms. Today it's Confederate monuments. Tomorrow it may be the Constitution or the American flag,” Schoep said.
You can't put a price on love but $2,000 might be a good start.
That's how much Lisa Huber paid to a Kelowna dating site that promised them the moon.
“The contract said they would supply you with one date per month. So 12 dates in a year,” Huber said.
But things didn't turn out that way.
“To date, I've had one date,” they said.
Huber's one and only date was last September – two months after they registered with the site and paid them fee.
They were getting worried because they hadn't heard from Magnetix's owner, Julie Clitheroe, in a while.
“So I did question them in January that I hadn't heard from them They basically told me that they were right on track and that I should be patient,” Huber said.
But Huber's patience had run out and they wanted their $2,000 returned.
“I would love to get my money back and I'm sure there would be other people out there who would love to get their money back as well,” they said.
Huber is right. A quick search of Magnetix shows there were some unhappy customers — some dating back to 2012.
One former client writes:
“I paid out almost $1500 to Magnetix, Kelowna, BC, because I was told by Julie, the owner, that they had a huge library of potential dates for me to meet. Did not happen. They completely oversold their company.”
While another former customer writes:
“What a total disappointment….paid and no dates…Don't waste your money and time with this site. Can't believe they're still in business.”
Turns out Magnetix is no longer in business. Owner, Julie Clitheroe, sent an email to Huber last week saying she's closing Magnetix and that all of the company's data is being turned over to another dating site in Vancouver.
Calls and emails to Clitheroe were not returned.
So Huber is out $2,000 and admits she'll likely never get their money back.
And as for their search for love goes — she's going to try the old-fashioned way.
“I think I'm just going to try to get myself out there a little more and do more things around town and try and go the old-fashioned route for a while.”
Share:
Former Argentine great Diego Maradona has offered to coach their country for free, eight years after their last attempt ended in World Cup failure. Maradona, who watched their side eliminated 4-3 by France last weekend in Kazan, was asked if they fancied another shot at the job – even though current coach Jorge Sampaoli has a contract until 2022. “Yes, and I would do it for free,” Maradona said on a Venezuelan TV show. “I wouldn't ask for anything in return.” The former Boca Juniors and Napoli player coached Argentina at the 2010 World Cup, where their team were beaten 4-0 by Germany at the quarter-final stage. Since then, the player who guided Argentina to their last World Cup win in 1986, has only coached two club sides in the United Arab Emirates.  They are still one of the most controversial faces in football, and they hit the headlines in Russia for their colorful appearances at Argentina games. Never a stranger to extremes, Maradona produced some of this World Cup's lasting images by celebrating victories in iconic poses.
LONDON: Two days after creating a stir at Wimbledon with their new mega-bucks clothing deal, Roger Federer was back making a style statement with their dazzling tennis as they gave Lukas Lacko a 6-4 6-4 6-1 dressing down to reach the third round on Wednesday.
The Swiss champion was at their breath-taking best as they crafted 48 exquisite winners during a 90-minute match that seemed more an exhibition of their shot-making than a charge towards a record ninth Wimbledon title.
Advertisement
When Federer turned up to defend their crown in 2013, they suffered a shock second-round humbling by Sergiy Stakhovsky.
There was no danger of a repeat performance against Slovakia's Lacko, however, and a forehand swish on match point gave the top seed a 26th consecutive set at the grasscourt major.
Federer will face either Croatian Ivo Karlovic or Germany's Jan-Lennard Struff for a place in the fourth round.
(Reporting by Pritha Sarkar, editing by Ed Osmond)
Advertisement
Some patient conditions require dental surgery to be done in a hospital operating room. (Black Press files)
Waiting lists will be shortened this year for people requiring hospital admission for dental surgery, B.C. Health Minister Adrian Dix says.
Additional funding this year will allow 900 more procedures for children and adults who require general anesthetic for dental surgery procedures, due to complex medical conditions or developmental disabilities.
“I have heard from parents whose sons and daughters are suffering for long periods in pain, in some cases without any understanding of what is happening to them,” Dix said. “This is something we need to address, and that is why we are taking action today.”
The increase in procedures is the largest increase ever in B.C., Dix said. Health ministry data show that an average of 15 per cent of people needing hospital surgery for dental problems waited more than 26 weeks.
Island Health had more than 20 per cent of patients waiting at least 26 weeks, followed by 14.8 per cent in Fraser health and 10.9 per cent in the Interior Health region.
The total number of hospital-based dental surgeries is funded to increase from 6,200 last fiscal year to 7,100 in 2018-19.
“Recognizing those with developmental disabilities, such as Down syndrome, cerebral palsy and autism, need more access for dental care that can better accommodate their physical needs is long overdue,” said Faith Bodnar, executive director of disability rights group Inclusion B.C.
× Expand Wikimedia Commons photo food on shelf
EAST ALTON — The Southwest Illinois Division of United Way of Greater St. Louis is partnering with local companies and schools to host its second annual Food for Families food drive this week.
The drive, aimed at helping meet the growing need of food pantries to keep their shelves stocked, will culminate with a public donation event Saturday, April 22.
Schools participating in the collection include East Alton School District, Granite City School District, St. Mary's, Marquette Catholic High School and St. Elizabeth's. Students are encouraged to bring in nonperishable canned goods throughout the week to contribute to their total, which could win them one of three cash prizes donated by local companies. The prizes will be awarded to the schools that collect the most food by poundage per student. Additionally, monetary donations are being accepted and will also count toward the final amount donated per school. First place will receive $1,000, second place will receive $750 and third place will receive $250.
Area residents also are encouraged to drop off donations from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturday, April 22, to the Granite City Schnucks, 3100 Madison Ave. Monetary donations are also being accepted at helpingpeople.org/fooddrive. Last year, the community donated more than 19,000 pounds of food.
The following companies are partnering with United Way to sponsor the event: Dynamic Transit Co., The Bank of Edwardsville, Granite City Steel Credit Union, Schnucks, Andy's Auto Body Towing and Storage, and First Bank.
Donated items needed to include canned fruit, canned vegetables, hamburger helper, canned meat, canned tuna, peanut butter, jelly, macaroni and cheese, cereal, oatmeal, rice, canned soup and pasta.
All items collected will be distributed to Collinsville Food Pantry, Community Care Center, Crisis Food Center, Operation Blessing, Salvation Army's Granite City and Alton locations, Venice Township Food Pantry, Guardian Angel Food Pantry and Catholic Charities.
For information, visit HelpingPeople.org or contact United Way at (618) 258-9800.
Follow AdVantage News on Facebook and Twitter
WELLINGTON: New Zealand will be without Martin Guptill for the one-off Twenty20 international against South Africa and the start of the one-day series as they recover from another hamstring strain.
Guptill injured their right hamstring during training, a separate injury to the one on their left leg that ruled the opening batsman out of the Bangladesh T20 series in January and one-day matches against Australia earlier this month.
Auckland wicketkeeper-batsman Glenn Phillips will make their international debut as Guptill's replacement for Friday's T20 match at Eden Park, the team said on Wednesday.
Dean Brownlie takes Guptill's place in the ODI squad for the first two fixtures of the five-game series.
Selector Gavin Larsen said the 20-year-old Phillips earned their selection on the strength of their domestic form.
"Glenn was outstanding for Auckland at the top of the order ... and proved an extremely exciting player," they said in a media release.
"He bats with power; has shown they can clear the rope, and gets a deserved opportunity to showcase their skills on the international stage.
"Glenn will play as a specialist batsman only, with Luke Ronchi still taking the gloves. Playing in their home city, it will certainly be a big occasion for Glenn."
(Reporting by Ian Ransom in Melbourne; Editing by Greg Stutchbury)
The embattled former Director General of the Securities & Exchange Commission, SEC, Mounir Gwarzo, appears to be in more trouble as fresh allegations emerged Thursday that they spent over N1.7 billion on ‘golden handshake' to some staff members without due process and approval.
Also, filings with the Corporate Affairs Commission, CAC, and bank documents showed Mr. Gwarzo may have been economical with the facts about their relationships with the two private companies linked to him.
The latest allegation is coming barely 48 hours after an administrative panel of inquiry recommended their immediate dismissal from public service.
Mr. Gwarzo was said to have approved the payment of retirement benefits to 44 staff of the commission in 2015 without due process and approval of the Minister of Finance.
But, Mr. Gwarzo denied any wrongdoing, saying the latest allegations were part of a bouquet of accusations in the petition against them since January 2017 for which the Independent Corrupt Practices and other related offences Commission, ICPC, had already cleared him.
“These are issues we went to ICPC and EFCC (Economic and Financial Crimes Commission). It is completely untrue there was any wrongdoing. We had approval of our Board for the virement for the Golden Handshake. Ask the SEC Board Secretary for the approval. Even the ICPC wrote to clear us,” Mr. Gwarzo said on Friday.
Mr. Gwarzo has been on suspension from office since November 2017 for allegedly paying themselves about N104.9 million as severance package while still in office.
The payment was said to have breached paragraphs 313 and 316(4) of the Financial Regulations (Government Notice No. 219 of 27th October, 2009).
It was gathered that ‘golden handshake' is a euphemism for a package for staffers aged 45 years and above who desire to voluntarily disengage from service after a minimum of 10 years.
Mr. Gwarzo was accused of approving an extra-budgetary expenditure of over N1.7 billion for the disengagement package without it being included in the 2015 budget of the Commission, apart from approval by the Minister of Finance and the National Assembly.
Although a review of a copy of the Commission's 2015 budget obtained on Thursday confirmed no provision for the N1.7 billion expenditure, Mr. Gwarzo said fund was removed from another financial sub-head with the approval of the board.
“SEC does not require the approval of the Minister of Finance of its budget. The ISA (Investment and Securities Act 2007) puts the responsibility of approving the SEC budget on the Board, which is only required to send a copy to the Minister and the National Assembly. We have never taken our budget to the Ministry of Finance for approval, except where we do not have a Board,” they said.
“When I came into office I realized that the top management was very heavy and we needed to bring incentives for people to take and retire, to create room for fresh energy. Because government had stopped foreign training, we had to use the sub-head for foreign training and vire the funds there to pay the Golden Handshake, which was approved by the Board and the process.”
In all, two directors; 13 deputy directors; one general manager; five assistant directors; five senior managers; one principal senior supervisors; 13 managers; two senior supervisors and two supervisors benefitted from the payment.
Meanwhile, documents tendered before the panel of inquiry debunked the suspended DG's claims on their relationship with the two private companies – Medusa Investments Limited and Outbound Investment Limited – linked to him.
In the report, Mr. Gwarzo had told the committee they had resigned as director of Medusa Investments Limited vide letter dated December 19, 2012.
They had also told the committee that they were only representing their wife's interest in the other company, Outbound Investment Limited, which they said belonged to them family.
However, an application they sent to the Wuse Branch Manager, Guaranty Trust Bank, on July 24, 2015 requesting for a change of Account Officer for Medusa Investments Limited was signed by them in their capacity as the director of the Board of the company.
Besides, other documents also showed that Mr. Gwarzo had on August 16, 2016 used the company's official headed-paper to request for the issuance of Naira Mastercards on Medusa Investments Limited's account for them and the wife, Khadijat, the two directors indicated in the CAC registration filing.
A review of the account statement belonging to Outbound Investment Limited with the United Bank for Africa, UBA, showed evidence of payments from the Commission for various contracts, including supply of diesel for as recent as April 2017 when they were still the DG.
ADVERTISEMENT
Californian animal lover Liz Heatherly's journey started out as just an ordinary drive in early 2018. But as they motored along their usual route, the 28-year-old was distracted by a most unusual sight. There, at the side of the highway, was a curious shape. At first glance, it looked like a very young dog, but there was something strange about its snout. The intrepid Heatherly got out to investigate, but when they got closer to the shape, their mouth dropped open.
Retail worker Heatherly lives with their mongrel dog, Jackson, in the small settlement of Greenville in Southern California. In April 2018, Heatherly found themselves in the heavy glare of the media spotlight with a special canine, but it was not their old friend Jackson. In fact, the animal in question was one they had first come across earlier that month.
ADVERTISEMENT
When Heatherly left their house on April 4, there was no way they could have predicted what would happen that day. They were taking a drive in their car, with their mother and sister as passengers, when they noticed something out of the ordinary. As a result, the party made an unscheduled and hasty stop.
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
A 25 year old Pakistani woman has been granted a visa by India on Sunday who is due to travel across the border for treatment. They will now travel to India for medical treatment in September.
"Thanks for your greetings on India's Independence day. We are giving you the visa for your treatment in India," Indian Mini­ster for External Affairs Sushma Swaraj wrote on Twitter in response to Faiza Tanveer's ardent plea that they be issued a visa on occasion of India's 70th independence anniversary.
Earlier on Sunday, Tanveer had tweeted, “Ma'am, you are like [a] mother to me, please issue me a medical visa... [and] help me on this happy occasion of 70th year of independence. Thank you," Last month they had been denied the visa.
Tanveer was due to receive treatment at the Inderprastha Dental Col­lege and Hospital (IDCH) in Ghaziabad for a recurrent ameloblastoma, a cancerous oral tumour which is aggressive in nature.
Due to the worsening nature of relationship between the two countries, they have been earlier rejected by Indian Embassy for a medical visa.
Upon rejection, they had pleaded to politicians in both countries to help assist them application.
A week after Tanveer was rejected a visa, Indian Mini­ster for External Affairs had said that visas would be issued to Pakistani patients on the recommendation of the former Adviser to the Prime Minister on Foreign Affairs Sartaj Aziz.
However, Aziz had refused to write a recommendation letter for Faiza
Last month Swaraj had tried to steer the matters into the issue of the pending visa application of Avantika Jadhav, the mother of Indian spy Kulbhushan Jadhav who was sentenced to death by a military tribunal in Pakistan for espionage and terrorism earlier this year.
“We also have a visa application pending for an Indian national. Ms Avantika Jadhav, who wants to meet their son in Pakistan,” they said.
According to the Indian minister, Aziz had ignored a personal letter they wrote to them for the approval of Avantika's visa application.
KUALA LUMPUR: A 42-year-old American woman was arrested after they pepper sprayed a group of police officers and firefighters at their rented condominium in Kuala Lumpur on Friday (Feb 2).
According to the New Straits Times (NST), the team of police officers and firefighters were deployed after they received a report from the Mont Kiara unit owners that the woman was supposed to move out on Thursday but refused.
The owners - a married couple - said the woman pepper sprayed them when they tried to open the door, NST added.
When police and firefighters arrived, they sprayed them as well.
"As soon as the police and firefighters knocked on the door, the woman opened the door and sprayed all officers," Sentul police chief Assistant Commissioner R Munusamy said in a statement on Saturday.
"A total of eight police officers and five firefighters were affected and they were sent to Kuala Lumpur Hospital (HKL) for treatment," they added.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The official said a police officer later managed to calm the woman down and agree to surrender.
"She admitted to spraying the officers. We also seized a spray bottle labelled "Bear Attack Pepper Mace" from the woman.
"She will be remanded under Section 324 of the Penal Code for voluntarily causing hurt," the police chief said, adding that police had informed the United States embassy about the case.
NST reported City Fire and Rescue Department chief Khirudin Drahman as saying that their men who were affected by the pepper spray tried to wash off the chemical, but could not do so.
They were sent to HKL for treatment and received outpatient treatment.
MOSCOW: Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov met North Korean leader Kim Jong-un during a visit to Pyongyang on Thursday (May 31), Russian news agencies reported citing a delegation source.
Lavrov travelled to North Korea on Thursday and was due to hold talks with counterpart Ri Yong Ho about the situation on the Korean peninsula.
Advertisement
"Sergei Lavrov, foreign minister of the Russian Federation, arrived here on Thursday at the invitation of Ri Yong Ho, foreign minister of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (North Korea)", KCNA news agency said in a brief dispatch.
It gave no further details but Russia's Tass news agency said the two foreign ministers had begun talks at the Supreme People's Assembly building in Pyongyang.
The Russian Foreign Ministry said earlier they were expected to discuss "vital issues of bilateral relations and key international and regional issues".
This is Lavrov's first visit to North Korea since 2009, Tass said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Their trip comes amid a flurry of diplomatic activity to organise next month's summit, with US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo also meeting Kim's right-hand man Kim Yong Chol in New York late Wednesday.
Immokalee teachers collect pillows, blankets for students in need
IMMOKALEE, Fla. A group of teachers started an initiative called the “Pillow Project” last month at Pinecrest Elementary School, one of the poorest schools in the state.
Now, these teachers gave the students the ultimate Valentine's Day surprise — enough pillows, blankets, pillowcases and sleeping bags for every student.
“We take it for granted that we have pillows to sleep on or blankets to cover ourselves with and a lot of these students don't,” said Dylan Opper, a science instructional coach at the school. “They use sweatshirts to sleep on or sleep on their hands and you think, ‘No one does that.'”
Those who wish to help can click on the Amazon wish list or Ikea website. You can also call Pinecrest Elementary School at 239-377-8000.
Nova Scotia can expect to get $7.85 million dollars from Ottawa for targeted mental health- and home-care spending this year, according to the federal budget bill.
Just two days before Christmas, Nova Scotia announced it was breaking ranks with other provinces and territories to strike its own health deal. After calling for a 5.2 per cent annual increase in funding from Ottawa, Nova Scotia agreed to a 3.5 per cent increase for the first two years of the 10-year agreement. And a three per cent floor for increases in the subsequent eight years.
The deal totals $11.48 billion over 10 years. It includes $287.8 million in extra money for home care and mental health over 10 years. But the provincial Liberals have repeatedly refused to disclose how much would be paid out in each of the 10 years — saying the information would be released through the provincial budget.
Tabled in Parliament last week, the federal government's budget implementation bill includes the equation for divvying up Ottawa's dedicated home care- and mental-health funding between the provinces. It's calculated solely on the population of each of the provinces and territories.
Using the numbers referenced in the budget bill, Global News calculated the $7.85-million funding for this year. It breaks down to $5.23 million for home care and $2.62 million for mental-health care.
The province refused to comment on the numbers but said in an emailed statement that “more complete information” on the federal government's health-care transfers to Nova Scotia will be available when the budget is tabled on April 27.
Had the money been divvied up equally over the decade, Nova Scotia could have expected to get $28.8 million this year. Instead, it's getting less than one-third of that, based on the federal budget bill. The spending will ramp up over the next few years with much larger sums for home care and mental-health care expected in later years.
Additional money for home care and mental health based solely on population
Premier Stephen McNeil has consistently called for any funding from Ottawa to take into account Nova Scotia's aging population compared to other provinces. In December, they told the Canadian Press the extra money accounts for the province's demographics.
“I've always said that any additional funding should reflect those demographic challenges and that's what we've been able to achieve,” McNeil told the Canadian Press on December 29.
However, the federal finance department said the equation used to divide the extra money between the provinces is based squarely on population.
“We believe we have reached the best deal we could get from the federal government,” provincial finance department spokesperson Marla MacInnis said in an emailed statement.
Health deals a ‘betrayal' to Nova Scotians: NDP
By accepting an overall health deal that included a much lower yearly increase than Nova Scotia had asked for, getting no allowances for demographic challenges, and the slow roll-out of targeted money for home care and mental health, NDP Leader Gary Burrill said the deal is a “betrayal” of Nova Scotians.
“It's not only a bad deal, it also counts as a sell-out,” Burrill said. Calling it a “dollars and cents” issue, Burrill said they were concerned that any delay in spending would make it more difficult for the province to tackle health-care wait times.
Calling the first year's funding for mental health and home care a “drop in the bucket,” Progressive Conservative Leader Jamie Baillie accused the Liberals of having misplaced priorities.
“McNeil has decided to keep the peace with the federal Liberals so they can ride their coat-tails,” Baillie said.
A formal agreement for the 10-year health deal has not been released.
READ MORE: No final agreement yet in Nova Scotia health care deal announced in December
CASSTOWN — Miami East High School has announced the names of its principal's list, high honor roll and honor roll students for the second quarter of the 2017-18 school year.
Freshmen
Principal's List — Andrew Bevan, Pamela Casner, Paetyn Greve, Kyle Kidman, Sophia Markley, Cyrena McAdams, Bridget Paton, Kara Riley, Dillon Taynor, Cody Webb, Lauren Wright.
High Honor Roll — Sarah Blocher, Anna Broerman, Cara Budd, Olivia Carpenter, Zebadiah Cornett, Daniel Davis, Leah Frazier, Cadence Gross, Morgan Hamby, Rori Hunley, Katlyn Jackson, Rachel Moran, Morgan Nosker, Cora Purves, Annie Richters, Riley Rush, Hunter Triplett, Isabella Waite, Matthew Wick.
Honor Roll — Arielle Barnes, Elizabeth Bennett, Adam Bensman, Steven Caudill, Abigail Covault, John Demmitt, Lanie Fields, Brayden Ingle, Caleb Lozano, Justin Maxwell, Meadow Powers, Rylee Puthoff, Camden Richter, James Sutherly, Cassidy Walker, Jonah Wolf
Sophomores
Principal's List — Jonah Brautigam, Alexander Callahan, Tyler Fetters, Gretchen Frock, Nichole Hood, Levi Marcum.
High Honor Roll — Emily Adkins, Paige Blauvelt, Kelsea Drake, Hunter Gross, Faith Hammond, Gabrielle Hawkins, Alex Hayes, James Horne, Sophia Jacomet, Kearsten Kirby, Aaron Lawrence, Paige Lawson, Keagan Mahan, David Osting, Neil Pohl, Katherine Pottorf, Jamie Rowley, Aiden Waite, Rylee Whitt.
Honor Roll — Michael Bair, Ethin Bendickson, Brendon Bertsch, Kelly Buck, Madison Calvert, Lauren Fisher, Brian Green, Korey Lauck, Angelique LeMaster, Nicholas LeValley, Annelise Logan, Alyssa Loughman, Daniel McCourt, Sylvia Mitchell, Josiah Oiler, Kirsten Overholser, Kaitlyn Rohrbach, Elizabeth Scott, Wyatt Selhorst, Tyler Stapleton, Chloee Thomas.
Juniors
Principal's List — Alyssa Anderson, Bailey Buck, Marie Cook, Julia Dickman, Gregory Fisher, Caitlyn Harris, Chloe Holicki, Ashlyn Monnin, Seth Redick, Erica Ritchea.
High Honor Roll — Andrew Austerman, Gregory Austerman, Elizabeth G. Bair, Alivia Bevan, Jacob Calvert, Sydney Chaney, Arianna Counts, Chelsea Cremeens, Brenden Dalton, Colt Frazier, Brennon Green, Whitley Gross, Morgan Haney, Robert Heim, Karli Jacobs, Devin Karnehm, Marissa Kearns, Amber Kinnison, Nicholas Kleiner, Maci Krites, Jarod Lay, Ivy LeMaster, Grace McCalister, Michael Miller, Samantha Moore, Savannah Nehring, Anna Puthoff, Braden Redick, Lance Rohrbach, Macie Schaffner, Caleb Snyder, Marie Staton, Brailyn Tarcea, Mackenzie Varady, Matthew Welker, Joshua Whitt, Sarah Williams, Alexander Zapadka.
Honor Roll — Kylie Blair, Justin Brown, Keagan Carsey, Jessica Copeland, Oliver Edmondson, Tabitha Fisher, Ian Gengler, Gavin Horne, William Hudson II, Zachery Kowalak, Javin Lipscomb, Gabrielle Lozano, Morgan Moreland, Madysen Osborne, Jacob Qvick, Jayna Randall, Adrianna Santellanes-Contini, Spencer Selhorst, Alexandria Shore, Dakota Smith, Emily Swindell, Ryan Teale, Seth Teeters, Emma Vallery, Vincent Villella, Laci Wells, Connor Wilson.
Seniors
Principal's List — Jacob Brown, Zachary Gordon, Logan Hayes, Stella Hazel, Erica Justice, Kaitlyn Mack, Christine Marlow, Emily Rowley, John Savini, Emily Thimmes
High Honor Roll — Hailey Baker, Devin Brower, Kathleen Christensen, LeeAnn Cook, Haley Demmitt, Bronte Flora, Taylor Frawley, Carynne Gross, Samantha Hawkins, Rachael Hodge, Abby Horne, Alexander Isbrandt, Dawson Kingrey, Katelynn Macy, Destiny McCourt, Cecelia Moore, Jonni Parker, Meredith Richters, Miranda Rike, Amber Robinson, Jack Runner, Mikayla Schaffner, Zane Strubler, Jackson Tucker, Mason Waite, Hailey Weaver, Lindsey Yingst
Honor Roll — Chaela Barnthouse, Taton Bertsch, Macy Fellers, Caitlin Fryman, Jacob Goins, Aelainia Harmon, Kyndall Hellyer, Dalton King, Bailey Miller, Madison Moore, Logan Poston, Graham Shore, Brandon Wilson
RacinToday.com
Kasey Kahne said Saturday the vibe among teammates remains positive at Hendrick Motorsports, where their tenure will end at the close of the 2017 Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series season.
Kahne's impending departure was announced last Monday by team-owner Rick Hendrick, who since has tabbed NASCAR Xfinity Series rookie William Byron to drive what will be the No. 5 Chevrolet Camaro LT1 beginning in 2018. Kahne qualified the No. 5 Liftmaster Chevrolet SS 23rd for Sunday's Pure Michigan 400 (3 p.m., EDT, NBC Sports Network) at Michigan International Speedway, where they declared their search for a ride remains single-minded.
“Just the Cup Series,” said Kahne, 37, a six-time series winner while driving for HMS. “Yeah, really just the Monster Energy Cup Series as far as NASCAR goes.”
Earlier, Kahne met with the media in Brooklyn, Mich., to discuss their future. An edited transcript follows:
QUESTION: How do you feel the dynamic and vibe was within the team today?
KASEY KAHNE: “Well, I think it was kind of interesting…the vibe was good. The team was good just pretty similar to always. It was the first time I had seen my guys since the news. A lot of them weren't at the shop on Monday, so they were told by guys that were at the shop and I was gone at Knoxville (Iowa) this week. I talked to a couple over text or Snapchat, phone call, something like that, but that was really about it. So, today it was cool everybody seemed good. We just kind of went to work like always and hope to put together a really strong weekend.”
QUESTION: Are you driving your Sprint Car from time-to-time? Will you have more involvement now in your team?
KASEY KAHNE: “No, pretty similar to how it's been the last few years. I race when I can, which is not a lot, but when I can I still enjoy racing on the dirt. This weekend it's all about our teams, Brad Sweet and Daryn Pittman (starting third and seventh on Saturday night in the Knoxville Nationals). So, we have two good cars and good opportunities to try and get a Nationals win. Yeah, I just support those guys. I love that type of racing and being a part of it, being an owner, trying to give them the opportunity to go out and win the biggest Sprint Car race that there is.”
QUESTION: Can you expand at all on your search for a Cup ride in 2018?
KASEY KAHNE: “I started basically Sunday night. Monday talked to some different owners, personnel at different teams, and just trying to show that I really want to still be in the Cup Series. I want to race here and if there's any opportunity I would love to talk about it, something like that. That's been really good. Everybody is nice and talked about their programs and was really cool to have those conversations.
“Also, Mr. Hendrick has been really supportive and making sure that…you know, they want me in a car as well. You know it didn't work out in the No. 5, but they want me in another car and they want me to be out there racing next year. Between all that, I just really think I'll be able to come up with something that will be very competitive and be able to be in the Cup Series for a while to come.”
QUESTION: Rick Hendrick talked Wednesday about a liaison team possibility for you. Are you banking your hopes on that? Are there many opportunities out there?
KASEY KAHNE: “Yeah, I mean, I think we all know there are not a ton of opportunities. There are some really good drivers that don't have a deal done at this time that will probably end up in cars, I would think. I just feel like the opportunities are pretty slim, but I've always tried to be really respectful and when I've had the opportunity to go fast and win we have been able to win some races. I would always like to win more, but we have some wins and have done a good job with the people in the garage and our partners over the years.
“So, I really think that I can come up with something good and come up with something that will be fun to be a part of, and also try to work hard to make that team better than it's ever been and myself better than I've been. I still have that mindset and I really hope that something works out to where I can be in a strong car next year and enjoy racing in this series, because I've actually enjoyed it for so long and I've lived so many of the highs of the Cup Series.
“I watched Jimmie Johnson win five (of seven Cup) championships. I've won 18 races myself and we had six wins in one year. I watched Dale Earnhardt Jr. win some different races, but when they won Bristol in the No. 8 car was something that I will never forget because of the 170,000 fans that you thought were going to come to the infield with him. I think I've lived a great part of the sport, been part of all that and I don't want to be done yet.”
QUESTION: Can you talk about preparing for the playoffs with this group?
KASEY KAHNE: “I think the biggest thing there is just working with my team and having my team behind me. Me being behind them and what they do, how hard they work to prepare the best car and put it on track each week and just trying to find the little bit of speed we need if we are ever to want to win a championship and advance through those rounds.
“I think we all know the No. 78 (Toyota Camry of Martin Truex Jr.) and No. 18 (Toyota of Kyle Busch) have been really the cars to beat the last month. The No. 42 (Chevrolet SS of Kyle Larson) right before that was really strong and we've all just been a little bit off of that. So, we're working hard to get to where we want to be.
“The only way I'm going to get there is the people and being part of that. I feel like that's been one thing at Hendrick Motorsports…one of the coolest things there has been working with my teammates, the other crew chiefs, (Chad) Knaus, Alan (Gustafson) and Greg (Ives), those guys. I just feel like I've had a really good relationship with that whole group on both sides. So, I think we have to keep that going all the way until the end of the season and just try to get the best results we possibly can. But it all is just people and how we work together. And if we do what I know we can do, I think we can really perform and do a lot more than what we've done so far this season.”
QUESTION: Do you think a new ride/team will give you a fresh start and rejuvenate your career?
KASEY KAHNE: “Yeah, I mean, I certainly hope so. I think that it's all about people _ again, if you can get the people behind you and believe in you and then I believe in them and we work together for the same goal and that's to win races. It's a competitive series, it's a super-tough series to win in and so many things have to go right for the entire race weekend and then throughout the race. It's not easy by no means, but once guys figure out how to do it they can get on that roll they figure out the speed in their car, what the driver's looking for and can give them that feel each week. They figure out how to win more than the rest of us. Hopefully we can be part of that again if we get in the right situation.”
QUESTION: What does it mean to you that Rick Hendrick said they took responsibility for your No. 5 team not running up to expectations?
KASEY KAHNE: “Well, I think a lot of what they said this week means a lot to me because to have somebody like Rick Hendrick, Mr. Hendrick, to be on your side, even though I'm not going to be part of their team anymore, to be on your side and the power that they have in this sport and what they have done for NASCAR for so many drivers and employees over the years…to have them behind you is a really good thing. I respect that. I respect them a ton.
“Yeah, I hope we can build something out of that, but I also have been working in my own direction as well on certain things to make sure I just check out everything that's out there for sure. I don't want to miss anything, but yeah, Mr. H. has been really good about where we are at. I think we're going to come up with something that should work out pretty well.”
QUESTION: You've struggled at MIS recently. How do you feel about your car this weekend?
KASEY KAHNE: “Yeah, I think over the last few races here, the final restart has put me from like seventh or eighth to 13th – 15th I would say in some of those races. So, we could have run top-10 in a couple of the races since 2014, but to actually run in the top-five we haven't had that kind of speed at all. So, we're trying to work on those things. Obviously, the restarts to me, there's a line that you are put in and where you go from there is up to the driver so you have to make things happen in the first and second corner. But as far as the speed of the car that's something that I think we've made some gains in.
“I thought at Indy we unloaded second, I thought we were really competitive and Pocono, I felt we had a third to fifth-place car. It didn't work out at the end the way things went, but our speed was third-to-fifth place. Also, the first Michigan race, we were an eighth-place car and finished 14th, so hopefully we can get in the top-10. That would be a nice weekend. But yeah, I want to be in the top-five and I want to see if we can have the speed to really just battle for a win again at Michigan. That would feel pretty good. But as of today we were a little bit off getting into the corner, my car was like moving around left to right a lot, pulling on the left front and losing right rear grip. So, just a small balance thing there that we will work on tomorrow, hopefully we can get a lot closer.”
The following students were named to the first quarter honor roll at Bunnell High School.
By participating in the comments section of this site you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and User Agreement
Nine consecutive wins for Team Nova Scotia in Penticton at the South Okanagan Events Centre
Mascots kept the crowd entertained between ends at the Scotties Tournament of Hearts Saturday at the South Okanagan Events Centre. Mark Brett/Western News
By Matthew Abrey
Special to the Penticton Western News
Mary-Anne Arsenault and their Nova Scotia rink just keep on winning at the Scotties Tournament of Hearts in Penticton.
The Dartmouth-based rink brought down Tracy Fleury and Team Northern Ontario by a 6-2 score, winning their staggering ninth match in a row, earning a berth in Sunday's semifinal.
“It was so nice to put a really good game together,” said Arsenault, who has played in the Scotties 13 times. “I'm so proud of my girls. They played awesome and anytime we were in a little bit of trouble, (they) would make a double and we were back.”
Arsenault blanked the first three ends keeping the hammer for the fourth where they opened the scoring. They managed to expertly draw around the high-sitting guards with their final two stones to lay two, giving them Nova Scotia rink a 2-0 lead going into the fifth end.
Fleury earned one back in the fifth by picking and rolling across the inner blue rings to lay one, cutting Arsenault's lead to 2-1.
Arsenault fired right back making a pair of tight draws into the inner rings through a cluttered upper house to lay three in the sixth end — extending their lead to 5-1.
Fleury blanked the seventh, then drew to the button in the eighth to cut into Arsenault's lead. However, their Nova Scotia rink still found themselves down 5-2 heading into the ninth end.
The ninth end featured a jam-up heading into skips' final shots. Fleury cleared the jam-up with their last stone of the end, but Arsenault hit and stuck their hammer shot to further pad their lead at 6-2.
The teams decided to play the 10th end, even though Arsenault had a sizeable lead, but did not play the entire length. They shook hands with four rocks remaining after Northern Ontario couldn't keep enough stones in the house to justify finishing the end.
“We would have liked to have played better,” said Fleury, whose rink went 8-3 in tournament play. “But Nova Scotia played amazing and we just had some key misses. They played well and put a lot of pressure on us.”
Arsenault is now two wins away from giving Team Nova Scotia its first Scotties Tournament of Hearts national title in 14 years. Nova Scotia will play the loser of Saturday night's Page Playoff, between Manitoba and Team Wild Card, in the semifinal at 9 a.m. at the South Okanagan Events Centre to determine who will move on to the final. The winner of the Saturday night 7 p.m. draw will move directly to the final, which takes place at 4 p.m. on Sunday.
The HeartStop Lounge, located at the Penticton Trade and Convention Centre, will feature the final on one of their giant-screen TV's on Sunday, the other will be playing the Super Bowl. Tickets are not required to take in the action at the HeartStop Lounge.
For ticket information for the rest of the 2018 Scotties Tournament of Hearts draws, go to www.curling.ca/2018scotties/tickets/.
The 2018 Scotties Tournament of Hearts All-Star teams were also released, and are presented as follows:
1st Team:
Skip – Jennifer Jones
Third – Cary-Anne McTaggart
Second – Jill Officer – Manitoba
Lead – Dawn McEwen – Manitoba
2nd Team:
Skip – Tracy Fleury – Northern Ontario
Third – Shannon Birchard – Manitoba
Second – Jessie Scheidegger – Alberta
Lead – Ranoura Westcott – Team Canada
And at the fifth end break, Team Saskatchewan skip, Sherri Anderson, was presented with the Marj Mitchell Sportsmanship Award, which honours the player that most exemplified sportsmanship and dedication to curling throughout the tournament.
Third Crystal Webster of Team Northern Ontario looks for direction during Saturday's first playoff game against Team Nova Scotia. Mark Brett/Western News Third Crystal Webster of Team Northern Ontario looks for direction during Saturday's first playoff game against Team Nova Scotia. Mark Brett/Western News
Karnataka chief minister Siddaramaiah on Tuesday lashed out at Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader B S Yeddyurappa for calling Congress a party of dynastic politics as they questioned the credentials of the saffron party to make the attack. They questioned BJP's "moral grounds" for calling Congress a party of dynastic politics when Yeddyurappa's son B Y Raghavendra had been elected to parliament and the assembly in the past.
"Who is Raghavendra? Whose son is he? Are they not Yeddyurappa's son? Raghavendra was MP.What should we call it? Shouldn't we call it dynastic politics? These people (BJP) are fooling around everyone," Siddaramaiah told reporters in Mysuru.
They were referring to Yeddyurappa's repeated charge during the campaign that the Congress was a party of dynastic politics. Raghavendra was a Lok Sabha member and is now an MLA. Yeddyurappa's second son Vijayendra was also projected as a candidate from Varuna to take on Siddaramaiah's son Yatindra in the 12 May assembly elections. But it was announced by Yeddyurappa that they would not contest.
Predicting a Congress victory, Siddaramaiah claimed BJP's chief ministerial candidate was always "a weak man" and would not win the election."Yeddyurappa is always weak, not just now.  They are a tainted person. How can a tainted person be strong?... People are not ready to accept them as a leader because their personality is tainted," they added.
Yatindra is contesting from Varuna, which the chief minister had represented. Siddaramaiah is now contesting from Chamundeshwari in Mysuru and Badami in Bagalkot district in north Karnataka.
Ambien maker Sanofi Aventis fired back Wednesday against Roseanne Barr after they blamed the sedative for the racist tweetstorm that got their show canceled.
“People of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world. While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication,” the France-based pharmaceutical company tweeted.
The drugmaker's response comes hours after Barr wrote that they were “ambien tweeting” when they compared former Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett to the spawn of “Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes.”
“Guys I did something unforgiveable [sic] so do not defend me. It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting-it was memorial day too-i went 2 far & do not want it defended-it was egregious Indefensible,” the comedian tweeted.
Barr's Ambien defense was immediately panned on Twitter.
“Does ambient unlock latent racism?” @JeffJSays asked.
REUTERS: Shares of drug retailers Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc , CVS Health Corp and Rite Aid Corp tumbled on Friday after reports that Amazon.com Inc was looking to make a move into selling drugs online.
Amazon is reported to be in discussions with mid-market pharmacy benefit managers and has been hiring talent to assess the drug retailing market for its entry, brokerage firm Leerink analyst Ana Gupte wrote in a note to clients.
"We are convinced that AMZN will almost certainly enter the drug distribution value chain within 2 years, evolving into a more disruptive offering over time," Gupte said.
Amazon's entry into pharmaceuticals has been long rumoured in the media.
On Friday, CNBC reported that the e-commerce giant would decide before Thanksgiving whether to move into selling prescription drugs online, citing a company email and a source familiar with the matter. (http://cnb.cx/2hTIxvL)
Amazon does not comment on rumours or speculation, a company spokesperson said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Shares of drug retailers Walgreens closed down 5.8 percent, Rite Aid 4.9 percent and CVS Health 4.9 percent.
(Reporting by Munsif Vengattil in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
Washington: President Donald Trump said on Monday that a bomb attack by a 27-year-old from Bangladesh on New York's subway system underscored the "urgent need" for Congress to enact immigration reform.
"First and foremost, as I have been saying since I first announced my candidacy for president, America must fix its lax immigration system, which allows far too many dangerous, inadequately vetted people to access our country," Trump said in a statement.
They added that the suspect, identified as Akayed Ullah, had entered the country through "extended-family chain migration," a system the president is seeking to end that allows families to sponsor relatives to come to the United States.
WASHINGTON: AOL Instant Messenger, one of the pioneering chat applications of the internet's early days, will be shut down Dec 15, the company said on Friday (Oct 6).
The shutdown comes 20 years after the launch of AIM, which became a wildly popular feature of AOL, the largest internet provider at the time.
Verizon, which acquired AOL in 2015 and merged it into a unit called Oath this year, said it is looking at new services to replace the instant messenger.
"AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift, but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed," said Michael Albers, vice president at Oath.
"As a result we've made the decision that we will be discontinuing AIM effective December 15, 2017. We are more excited than ever to continue building the next generation of iconic brands and life-changing products for users around the world."
AIM has been overtaken by other messaging applications and social media amid a growing move to smartphones.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Facebook-owned WhatsApp and Facebook Messenger each have more than one billion users.
AOL has provided no specific user numbers but one report said fewer than 10 million people were regular AIM users.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
They run a company that is a byword for technological innovation - but Nokia's chairperson had no qualms about going back to school to learn more about artificial intelligence (AI).
HELSINKI: They run a company that is a byword for technological innovation - but Nokia's chairperson had no qualms about going back to school to learn more about artificial intelligence (AI).
Risto Siilasmaa, 51, said they signed up this summer for online courses on AI programming run by Stanford University.
"I realized that I don't have deep enough knowledge on this phenomenon... Now I'm back studying programming after 30 years," they told Reuters on Friday by email.
"I do not want to become an AI programmer. I want to deeply understand the abilities and limitations of AI."
Since starting the courses, Siilasmaa said they had briefed the Finnish telecom infrastructure firm's board and managers on the subject.
"I want to raise awareness ...on this, because AI will be a key driver of the ongoing industrial revolution."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Once the preserve of researchers, artificial intelligence has grabbed the attention of businesses from healthcare to financial services looking to use algorithms to parse data in search of patterns to solve problems.
Nokia aims to offer more sophisticated software to analyse the mountains of data that telecom network operators collect, in order to create more powerful and more personalised services.
Potential AI applications Nokia has begun to roll out this year include troubleshooting network bottlenecks and traffic analysis for use in driverless cars and "smart cities" filled with billions of network-linked devices.
Siilasmaa received plaudits for transforming the Finnish company from an ailing mobile phone manufacturer into one of the world's biggest telecoms network equipment makers.
"I've noticed that when doing something ...that people are not used to see the chairperson doing, that inspires people and encourages them to think out of the box," they added.
Nokia sold the phone business to Microsoft in 2014, which has largely abandoned the mobile device market.
Nokia's name recently returned to the smartphone market via a brand-licensing deal with HMD Global.
(Reporting by Jussi Rosendahl; editing by John Stonestreet)
SINGAPORE: Ahead of the Government's plan to roll out parcel collection lockers to serve estates across Singapore, at least 30 condominiums have installed them within their premises.
Around another 30 private residences have signed on to have such locker systems in place.
Montebleu at Minbu Road is among the growing number of condominiums that have said yes to a parcel collection network.
For Royston Tan, a Montebleu resident, the lockers solve the problem of missing out on receiving e-commerce packages whenever the deliveryman shows up to an empty house.
"Locker systems like this will give us, you know, a level of convenience where items that we ordered can be dropped off ... whether or not we are at home, and then we come and collect at our own convenience,” said the 43-year-old technology firm vice president.
Pebble Bay, Mi Casa, Costa Del Sol, Pinevale executive condominium and Tampines Court are other residences that already have the lockers installed.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Spring Grove, Sims Green, Amber Point, Tanglin Park and Chestervale executive condominium have also signed on for the lockers and will have them installed in due course.
This follows the announcement by the Infocomm Media Development Authority in November that a parcel locker network will be tested out at public housing estates in Punggol and Bukit Panjang next year under a pilot initiative.
Deputy Prime Minister Tharman Shanmugaratnam had said last year that there are plans for a federated locker system in residential areas to improve last mile delivery of parcels around the island.
While scores of condominiums have taken the initiative to implement such a system, not all private residences have readily taken to the idea, said parcel locker vendor Parcel Santa.
"A lot of them would like to take a wait-and-see approach and see how this develops before they commit themselves," said Jim Huang, chief executive and co-founder of the start-up.
Parcel Santa gets paid by delivery providers like FedEx and DHL every time a locker is used.
If mail is not collected within a 24-hour period, residents are also charged between S$1 and S$3 for every 12-hour block a parcel sits in a locker.
The lockers have in place a multi-layered security system to deter tampering or vandals. Users enter verification information into the locker system sent to their mobile phones or emails when their packages arrive. Without this authentication process, the parcel containers cannot be opened.
Cameras with round-the-clock surveillance and infrared sensors are also embedded into the system.
In most of the private residences, lockers are installed at basement car parks. Only deliverymen registered with courier service providers are authorised to open the lockers to place packages, said Parcel Santa.
"IT'S A LEARNING CURVE"
The Oceanfront @ Sentosa Cove has 35 lockers installed serving about 260 units.
Chairman of the condominium's management committee Desmond Soo said their estate's security services were an added safeguard against potential saboteurs.
"There's always a possibility someone could put a bomb. But I think they've (Parcel Santa) given us measures and in a way, it's a learning curve as well," they said. "We signed (an) agreement with them and we want to start looking at it continuously, monitoring the situation, evaluating."
Security analyst Graham Ong-Webb said that the benefits of the locker system outweighed potential threats to residents.
The research fellow at the Institute for Defence and Strategic Studies at the S Rajaratnam School of International Studies said that while nothing is foolproof, there are still precautions that can be taken to minimise risks.
"These locker systems ought to be placed in a vicinity within a condominium or a housing area which is a little bit of a distance away from where the residents are living," they said. "You know when push comes to shove, if something negative were to happen, then at least the fallout can be mitigated."
In future, when more parcel lockers are installed around homes, they added that they could be put near rubbish collection areas in estates for example as a security safeguard.
“Solo: A Star Wars Story” is a rare misstep for Disney and for one of the preeminent film franchises in Hollywood history. It's a painful reminder that even the most successful movie series can stumble and that even cocky Han Solo isn't immune to some humbling box office results.
The numbers don't lie. “Solo” earned a disappointing $103 million in North America over its opening weekend and stalled out with $68.2 million overseas. At this rate, it will fall short of the $1 billion mark that each Disney-released “Star Wars” adventure has managed to fly past. The latest installment will struggle to make even half that amount globally. Analysts project “Solo” could end its run with approximately $400 million to $450 million in revenues, a dreadful result for a film that cost at least $250 million to produce and $150 million to promote.
“It's a financial disappointment and you have to wonder, is this just a speed bump in the road for the ‘Star Wars' brand, or is there something more here?,” said Eric Handler, an analyst at MKM Partners.
There are concerns that Disney has overdone it with the “Star Wars” sequels and spinoffs, rolling out four films since 2015 at a pace that runs the risk of inspiring franchise fatigue. However, calling the film a bomb, as some have labeled it, may be hyperbolic. After all, “Solo” is much more than a film. It's a merchandising apparatus; one designed to move t-shirts, action figures, bedding, and even something as quotidian as plastic cups and paper plates. Disney is unlikely to be taking a write-down, even though the company will lose tens of millions on the theatrical part of “Solo's” life-cycle. In contrast, it made a profit on the big screen runs for each of the three “Star Wars” movies it released since buying Lucasfilm, the franchise's creator, for roughly $4 billion in 2012.
Related Alden Ehrenreich's Han Solo Had A Cape, And It Could Have Killed Him Michael Jackson's Estate Sues Disney Over ABC Special
Instead, Disney will need to rely on selling television rights, moving DVDs and Blu-rays, and monetizing other forms of home entertainment distribution as it tries to salvage its investment and push the film into the black. Most studios only receive half of the box office revenues and share the other half with exhibitors. Disney is different. The studio has been able to leverage its arsenal of Marvel, Pixar, and “Star Wars” movies to extract better terms from theater chains. The company brings in roughly 60% of ticket revenue, according to sources.
It's not unusual for a big-budget film to have to earn most of its money from ancillary revenues. Roughly half of most movies' revenues come from its theatrical window with the rest coming from pay-TV deals, rentals, and disc and digital sales, insiders say.
But “Star Wars” isn't a typical franchise. Its sequels and spinoffs aren't supposed to view their theatrical runs as loss-leaders. They're supposed to generate hefty profits from the big screen. At one point, Disney had entertained ideas of having the space opera series be another Marvel, with visions of producing at least one movie a year set in its mythical galaxy. Those lofty ambitions may have to become more grounded. At the very least, Disney is unlikely to release two “Star Wars” films in the span of five months as it did with “Solo” and “Star Wars: The Last Jedi.”
“They probably won't be able to make a ‘Solo' sequel, as they probably hoped they would,” Handler said. “I think it makes them a little more cautious in how they treat the cannon.”
The studio may have received a bruising reality check with “Solo,” and been forced to recognize that even “Star Wars” movies can whiff at the box office. However, Disney has already fielded two $1 billion-plus grossing pictures this year with “Avengers: Infinity War” and “Black Panther,” and still has “The Incredibles 2” and “Ant-Man and the Wasp” hitting theaters in a matter of weeks. The studio is still in an enviable position.
“They can weather the storm more than any other studio because of the franchises they have that are doing amazing business,” said Jeff Bock, an analyst with Exhibitor Relations. “Out of any studio, they can take a couple hits.”
RELATED VIDEO:
NRM Leader General Miguna Miguna has been re-arrested and driven to Lari Police Station in Kiambu where is they held. Police have denied their lawyers and family access and therefore their status is unknown. This is as per their lawyer Edwin Sifuna in tweet shared widely among the NRM supporters and followers.
The continued arrest of Miguna is unlawful and a direct contempt of court on orders issued by Justice Wakiaga that ordered Police to release Miguna Miguna immediately.
Here are the tweets.
Miguna is at Lari Police Station. OCS, OCPD have denied access to counsel and family. We do not know their state. — Edwin Sifuna (@edwinsifuna) February 3, 2018
Just as we suspected Miguna was moved overnight from Githunguri but is still within Kiambu County. We have fanned out to various outposts in the County to find him. #MigunaMigunaArrested — Edwin Sifuna (@edwinsifuna) February 3, 2018
Miguna has been put back in the Cells afew minutes ago here at Githunguri Police Statipn. It appears orders have come to the local police to defy the High Court release order. https://t.co/WgMWc4SS1h — Edwin Sifuna (@edwinsifuna) February 2, 2018
Someone tell Fred Matiang'i that once a Court Order is issued, it must be obeyed unless and until it is reviewed either by the same Court or by a higher Court. There can never be debate about whether to obey or not to obey. It does not matter that the Order seems unreasonable (to him) or obviously flawed or whatever. It must be obeyed. A Court Order is a Court Order. It is not an opinion. It is not a suggestion. It is not advice. It is not a request. It is an Order. It must be obeyed
By Giuseppe Fonte
ROME (Reuters) - Italy's political crisis moved into unchartered waters on Wednesday, as the head of state sought a last-minute political compromise to end the three-month search for a government and restore calm to financial markets.
Prime Minister-designate Carlo Cottarelli, tasked by the president with calming tensions and laying plans for repeat elections later this year, raised hopes of a breakthrough on Wednesday with comments suggesting compromise was in the air.
Italy has searched for a government since inconclusive elections in March. Two anti-establishment parties came close to forming a ruling coalition last weekend, but backed away after the president demanded a change in their cabinet lineup.
The 5-Star Movement and the right-wing League abandoned their bid to take power in a coalition after President Sergio Mattarella vetoed their choice of 81-year-old eurosceptic Paolo Savona as economy minister.
The prospect of the political crisis being drawn out further with possible new elections later this year has brought turmoil to financial markets.
But Cottarelli, whom Mattarella brought in as a stop-gap prime minister, was quoted by ANSA news agency as saying that new possibilities had emerged "for the birth of a political government," implying that a government headed by politicians rather than technocrats like themselves could be in the offing.
"These circumstances, also considering the market tensions, have caused me to wait for further developments."
The 5-Star also seemed willing to rethink its weekend decision to defy the president's veto and go back to elections.
The parties are now trying to find "a point of compromise on another name" for the economy ministry, said a source close to 5-Star, the single-biggest party in the new parliament.
League leader Matteo Salvini, who is surging in opinion polls, appeared to throw cold water on the notion that their party and 5-Star could try again to form a coalition.
They said Italy should return to an election as soon as possible. "The earlier we vote the better because it's the best way to get out of this quagmire and confusion," they told reporters.
They did, however, appear open to an interim administration to govern for a few months, saying an election at the end of July would be "disruptive" for Italian seasonal workers.
They invited Mattarella to make the first move, to "explain to us how we can get out of this situation". A League source said the party would not block any quick political solution that would enable Italy to deal with possible "emergencies".
Cottarelli, currently, has no major parliamentary support for a stopgap government of technocrats.
Despite the softer tone from 5-Star and Cottarelli's intriguing remark, a top adviser to Salvini said the League was not prepared to abandon Savona, the sole obstacle to the League and 5-Star winning the president's blessing for a coalition.
Repeat elections are likely to lead to a eurosceptic government in Rome, a prospect that has rocked financial markets, with the euro sinking to multi-month lows.
ECB WATCHING CLOSELY
The European Central Bank is keeping a watchful eye on the market rout and political crisis engulfing Italy but sees no reason to intervene at this time, sources said.
Three officials told Reuters the ECB was not considering taking action because indicators were not yet showing signs of stress among banks and the central bank did not have the tools or mandate to solve what was essentially a political crisis.
A surprise breakthrough between the president and 5-Star/League would ease uncertainty but still usher in a coalition planning to ramp up spending in the heavily indebted nation and push for changes to European Union and euro-zone fiscal rules.
In the event of continued stalemate, Italy will go back to elections, with most major parties calling for the president to dissolve parliament and hold a vote as soon as July 29.
A recent opinion poll showed the League, which says fiscal rules governing the euro zone are "enslaving" Italians, would take a quarter of the vote, up from 17 percent on March 4.
The IPSOS poll, carried out on May 16-17 and published in the Corriere della Sera newspaper on Wednesday, showed support for the League's would-be coalition partner, the 5-Star Movement, steady at about 32.6 percent -- implying a much more comfortable majority if the pair were to try again to govern.
"I am worried by the direction things are moving in," said Diego Galli, a Rome resident interviewed on the street, adding that the anti-establishment coalition "seems extremist, against Europe".
Italian government bonds, which suffered one of its most dramatic speculative attacks in years on Tuesday, found some support from local investors on Wednesday.
The yield on 10-year bonds edged away from four-year highs and two-year yields, the focus of earlier attacks, also fell.
Shares in Italian banks also recovered a little ground after five straight days of losses.
(Additional reporting by Steve Scherer, Gavin Jones, Giselda Vagnoni, Steve Jewkes, Dhara Ranasinghe, Helen Reid, Sujata Rao, Marc Jones, Michael Nienaber and Antonio Denti; Writing by Mark Bendeich; Editing by Richard Balmforth)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
LAHORE - Due to sharp declining trend in oil prices, slow economic pace and Arab spring, the trend of the Islamic Banking & Finance had been slow in 2016 in the Middle East and Arab region, while a sufficient development was recorded in Africa, Central Asia and Far East, especially in African market.
Islamic finance industry is categorized into five major components; Islamic Banking, Sukuk, Islamic Fund/Asset Management, Takaful & Islamic Microfinance. Islamic Banking is the greatest contributor in Islamic Finance Industry, which contributes 80 percent to the total $2.3 trillion Islamic finance industry, while Sukuk contributing 14 percent volume in Islamic finance industry and ranked as second largest contributor, Islamic Fund/Asset management Industry with 3 percent is ranked as third, while Takaful Industry is contributing 2 percent with slow pace and Islamic Microfinance contributing 1 percent stands as last.
By 2017, the total volume of Islamic Finance Industry is expected to be $2.7 trillion. Indonesia, Malaysia, Turkey, Pakistan, UAE, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and Bahrain are prominent where the contribution of their total assets of Islamic banking is 82 percent to the Global Islamic Banking market. According to the increment in assets of Islamic banking, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia stands first, but as per new Islamic banking market entrance, Morocco, Uganda, China & Russia are expected to have a good start in Islamic banking by 2017.
According to research by CIBE Chief Executive Officer Zubair Mughal, there will be a steady growth of approximately 13 percent to 15 percent in Islamic finance market during 2017 and the total volume of Islamic finance will cross $3 trillion figure by 2020, which will be accompanied by a definite addition of Sukuk along with Islamic banking. While the Sukuk market in Malaysia, Pakistan, UAE, Turkey, Central Asian countries and Africa seem determined in 2017.
According to the prospects, Sukuk worth $78 billion approximately are expected to be issued which can define the total volume of outstanding Sukuk up to $350 billion. It should be clear that ICD will be rendering its contribution in flourishing Sukuk at global landscape especially in African countries.
It should be clear that Takaful Industry, unfortunately, has lacked far behind in 2016. While Takaful companies are found default in Pakistan, South Africa and some other countries due to lack of regulations, performance Issue & various Models etc. In spite of all these reasons, it is expected that the total volume of Takaful industry will reach up to $25 billion till the end of 2017. As far as Islamic Microfinance is concerned, certain positive changes have been seen in 2016, new microfinance models were introduced with the amalgamation of Micro-Takaful,
Fintech and social finance along with various Islamic microfinance products. It is expected that the volume of Islamic Microfinance could reach up to $2 billion globally by the end of 2017, while the total number of Islamic Microfinance Institutions will reach up to 400 institutions/banks.
Mughal said that in 2017, many new Islamic finance markets are seen to be emerging on the horizon in the world. “If we see on the regional basis, in East Africa, we find that Uganda has recently passed an Islamic Financial bill through Parliament, Islamic banking & Finance in Kenya and Tanzania is already flourishing very well. Morocco & Tunisia are emerging markets in North Africa while Nigeria, Senegal, Mauritania, Ivory Cost in West Africa has an organised system of Islamic finance, while Sukuk is also strengthening its roots in these regions,” they added.
After Brexit, David Cameron's dream to make London as a hub of Islamic finance seem to get shattered and UK Islamic financial market will remain subjected to pressure and slow pace in 2017. Although Modi's reign in India has exhibited a soft attitude regarding Islamic banking & Finance in 2016, but still there are no prospects of establishment of Islamic Banking in India in 2017. It seems that in India, with having 2nd biggest Muslim population in the world, Islamic banking is being treated as religious product instead of banking product, and a lot of bad politics and lack of religious harmony have been shown on this subject. While in 2017, China will enter properly in Islamic finance. China's CPEC's project with Pakistan and increasing tendency in Muslim world register the basic reasons to it.
President Uhuru Kenyatta Wednesday launched the reconstruction of roads in 11 constituencies in Nairobi's Eastlands.
The program is part of the Nairobi Regeneration Program and its first phase will see the repair of more than 80 kilometres of roads in the city's populous Eastlands estates.
The roads covered by the project include Komarock Road, Harambee Estate Sacco roads, Construction of Eastern Bypass — Kayole Spin Road, Donholm Phase V and VIII roads, Eldoret Road and Nyasa Road.
The President, who was accompanied by Deputy President William Ruto, Nairobi Governor Mike Sonko, Transport Cabinet Secretary James Macharia among other leaders officially kicked off the projects at a function at Rabai Road in Jericho Estate.
Get breaking news on your Mobile as-it-happens. SMS ‘NEWS' to 22163
They said they chose to launch the Nairobi Regeneration in Eastlands as a demonstration of the Jubilee Government's concern for the interest of the common man and woman.
“We have decided to start this program here before it even goes to other parts of Nairobi occupied by the affluent,” said the President.
The National Government is contributing Sh1.8 billion of the total cost of the road's project with the Nairobi County government contributing Sh900 million.
President Kenyatta directed the contractors awarded the tenders for the projects to ensure they are completed by December failure to which they will suffer penalties including taking away of the whole tender from them.
They also warned contractors against the tendency to ‘cut corners'; urging citizens to monitor the progress of the project and report to authorities if they see that work is not being done.
“The Deputy President comes around these areas a lot and if you see anything wrong with the progress of the project you can inform him,” said the President.
They also warned government officials against corruption, saying that the government and people of Kenya are tired of the ills of the vice.
“We are tired of the few people who steal resources meant for all Kenyans. When we get you stealing you will have to carry your own cross and you will not be allowed to use your tribe to defend yourself,” said the President when they addressed residents after launching the project.
The Deputy President said the Jubilee government had last year promised to improve the condition of roads in Nairobi's Eastlands and was fulfilling its pledge.
Tell Us What You Think
Zurich Insurance has agreed to buy ANZ's OnePath Life insurance businesses for 2.85 billion Australian dollars (US$2.14 billion), the latest and largest foray by the Swiss company into the Australian market.
ZURICH: Zurich Insurance has agreed to buy ANZ's OnePath Life insurance businesses for 2.85 billion Australian dollars (US$2.14 billion), the latest and largest foray by the Swiss company into the Australian market.
The deal, announced on Monday, is the third purchase by Zurich in Australia over the last two years as the insurer doubles down on a region where a robust economy and low insurance penetration rates have proved attractive.
Zurich has focused on the Asia Pacific as a major growth driver in its life insurance business, previously picking up Macquaries' retail life insurance business for USUS$300 million in 2016 and the Cover-More Group for USUS$554 million in April this year.
The ANZ deal - Zurich's biggest since 2011 - would be immediately accretive to the Swiss company's earnings, and would increase return on equity and shareholder returns, the company said.
It would increase cash flows by around US$225 million over the 2017-2019 planning period, Europe's fifth largest insurer added.
"The existing portfolio provides a highly cash-generative business that will add to our cash remittances, increase our business operating profit after tax return on equity target by 50 basis points and support dividend growth beyond that implied by our existing plan," Zurich Chief Executive Mario Greco said in a statement.
Advertisement
Advertisement
As part of its 2017-2019 targets, Zurich has promised to pay shareholders 75 percent of its net profit. With the ANZ deal expected to be completed by the end of 2018, the full benefit of the acquisition will become apparent in the 2019 dividend.
Following the deal, Zurich will have around 19 percent of the Australia retail life insurance market, making it the biggest provider in the market, it said.
CEO Greco also highlighted how the purchase would build up Zurich's distribution of insurance products through ANZ's branches and digital distribution channels.
As part of the deal, Zurich would get access to ANZ's 6 million customers through a 20 year distribution agreement to sell life insurance.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Zurich said it would fund the deal from its own cash pile and through senior debt.
On a pro-forma basis, the operations to be acquired reported net earned premiums for the 12 months ended September 30, 2017 of USUS$1.1 billion and a net profit after tax of USUS$142 million.
The deal is the largest since Greco took over at Zurich last year. The executive brought in from Generali to engineer a turnaround for the troubled group has promised to make Zurich leaner and more efficient.
(Reporting by John Revill; Editing by Adrian Croft and Jane Merriman)
Paris: A young girl was killed and 13 others injured when a BMW car ploughed into a pizza restaurant near Paris late on Monday.
The car is reported to have crashed into the outdoor terrace of a pizzeria at Sept-Sorts in Paris, killing a 13-year-girl, Mirror.co.uk reported.
Among the injured, four were in serious condition.
The driver, who was soon arrested by the French police, is believed to have acted intentionally and is psychologically unstable, Xinhua reported.
Born in 1985, the man was believed to have tried to commit suicide last week.
French Interior Ministry spokesperson Pierre-Henry said the tragedy was apparently suicidal and there was no direct evidence pointing to terror attack.
Police authorities said investigations are not searching for accomplices.
France has seen several attacks since last year. An Algerian man drove their car into a group of French soldiers last week.
A little over a year ago, a truck steered into a celebrating crowd in the French city of Nice, leaving 86 people dead.
REUTERS: Newell Brands Inc said on Monday it has agreed to appoint four directors to its board put forward by billionaire investor Carl Icahn, a deal that excludes activist hedge fund Starboard Value LP, which had mounted its own board challenge.
The agreement is an example of activist investors competing against each other rather than working in tandem. Starboard, which is seeking to replace Newell's entire board of directors, declined to comment on its next move.
Icahn disclosed a 6.86 percent stake in the Hoboken, New Jersey-based consumer products company last Friday. However, they and Newell CEO Michael Polk have been in discussions since last month, according to two people familiar with the matter who requested anonymity to disclose the confidential talks.
One analyst said the Icahn board deal changes the dynamics of the contest. "But it doesn't mean that Starboard will capitulate," said Damien Park, managing director at consulting group Spotlight Advisors.
Newell's shares were down 6.5 percent US$26.79 on Monday afternoon, giving the company a market capitalization of US$13 billion.
"There is likely also a belief that the activist who loses will sell shares, putting pressure on the stock," Renaissance Macro Research analyst April Scee said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Newell said it had accepted Icahn's designated nominees Patrick Campbell, Brett Icahn, Andrew Langham and Courtney Mather to sit on its board alongside existing directors Polk, James Craigie, Debra Crew, Steven Strobel and Michael Todman.
In addition, Judith Sprieser and another independent director nominee designated by Icahn and approved by Newell's board will be nominated to stand for election at the company's 2018 annual shareholder meeting.
Starboard has put forward a 12-member slate to replace Newell's board, arguing the maker of Rubbermaid, Crock-Pot slow cookers and Yankee Candles has underperformed peers and mismanaged its US$15.4 billion acquisition of Jarden Corp in 2016.
Starboard had teamed up with former Jarden executives and board members including former chairperson Martin Franklin, who resigned from Newell's board earlier this year.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Icahn said in a statement that their views on strategy are aligned with those of the company, including on its "expanded transformation plan" that includes divesting some business lines.
Late last month, Newell outlined ongoing plans to overhaul itself from a hybrid holding-and-operating company to a more focused operator, with an increased emphasis on higher-margin operations such as online sales.
Icahn had said in a regulatory filing last week that they had spoken to Starboard but that they had not yet decided which side they will back.
(Reporting by Liana B. Baker in New York, Svea Herbst in Boston and Aishwarya Venugopal in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar and Matthew Lewis)
https://twitter.com/naomi_y_lea
Boston Dynamics has just released a new video testing their four-legged robot SpotMini, where one helped another by opening a door. This video immediately went viral and received more than 8 million views over the course of two weeks. It also sparked discussion among us in the robotics cluster: one commented on the similarity of its movement to a spider, and most of us felt uneasy watching the video.
Many commentators on the internet compared SpotMini to a dog, however, for anyone who has seen a dog in skeleton form, they would have noticed a difference in the back leg structure. For the majority of vertebrate mammals, like cats and dogs, the back legs are often bent forward. All the legs for SpotMini are engineered in such a way that is similar to insects, which might have been more effective for its function, but left me feeling deeply unsettled. I am not sure if it was Boston Dynamics' intention to recall my cringing memory of reading The Metamorphosis by Franz Kafka; if not, perhaps they could have placed more consideration in the design of the machine gesture.
────────────────────────────────────
Goals for the week:
Clarify theoretical vision
Test out material for new machine gesture
────────────────────────────────────
Progress:
This week has proven to be quite a struggle as I consider the possibility of enhancing the Machine Theatre experience through redesigning the machine gesture. My current prototype utilises an XY plotter, which yields a few limitations: all its movements are restricted in a two-dimensional plane, its gesture only communicate symbolically, and it does not embody a life-like attribute.
There are two potential directions I could see taking my design process:
Continuing “the imitation machine” concept I initiated previously in my theory paper, I am interested in how the machine could replicate traits that are unique to Homo sapiens and how eventually that will revolutionalize human-machine relationship. Some of the special characteristics include the use of tools, autonomous goals, collaborative behaviours, development of social language, etc. Utilising new methods like AI, create tech art that is expressed in a physical way. Since we cannot recreate nature, perhaps we can make use of emerging technologies to create the “supernatural”. This will enable the viewers to experience the emotion of awe as they witness these phenomena.
I am especially excited to incorporate new technologies in art, which relates to what Paul Valéry has poignantly expressed in PIÈCES SUR L'ART (1934):
“Our fine arts were developed, their types and uses were established, in times very different from the present, by men whose power of action upon things was insignificant in comparison with ours. But the amazing growth of our techniques, the adaptability and precision they have attained, the ideas and habits they are creating, make it a certainty that profound changes are impending in the ancient craft of the Beautiful. In all the arts there is a physical component which can no longer be considered or treated as it used to be, which cannot remain unaffected by our modern knowledge and power. For the last twenty years neither matter nor space nor time has been what it was from time immemorial. We must expect great innovations to transform the entire technique of the arts, thereby affecting artistic invention itself and perhaps even bringing about an amazing change in our very notion of art.”
I would love to become part of this movement as the technology today swiftly develops. With every improvement, it has given artists new toys to play with, opening up new possibilities to achieve visions that were unimaginable for the previous generation. The recent development in artificial intelligence has enabled bizarre but awe-inspiring work like the computer vision simulated by Google DeepDream, or the poetry-writing word.camera by Ross Goodwin. However, a major problem I have with art like these is the lack of a physical form. I hope that my final design would not merely exist in digital format but retain a tangible outcome, dynamic in motion.
Extending my research in magnetic properties, I have tested the magnets in a few novel conditions. These experiments will inform the design of a new kind of machine gesture that will eventually be presented in a theatrical installation.
The wife of an Oregon state senator died after they were hit by a semi-truck in southern Oregon.
The incident occurred just before 8 p.m. Saturday near Grants Pass.
By FOX 12 Staff
Read more HERE from KPTV.com
Space applications related to telecommunications and global navigation can play a vital role in supporting disaster risk reduction, response and recovery efforts, a senior United Nations official has said.
Luc St-Pierre, chief of the UN's Space Applications Section, spotlighted the ways in which space technology is galvanizing international cooperation and scientific progress. St-Pierre noted the importance of various space technologies, including satellite imagery, global navigation systems, and satellite communications, all of which are ultimately related to socio-economic development.
For example, space technology is instrumental in effective disaster management as well as in monitoring the effects of climate change. Following a hurricane or earthquake, satellite maps show the extent of damage and can help reduce the vulnerabilities that families experience in the wake of disaster or climate-related events.
“Satellite imagery can help monitor the changes, the evolution, the constraints, the risks that populations, infrastructure, and the environment face,” explained St-Pierre. “By being better prepared, we can certainly reduce the vulnerability of families and the impacts of those disasters.”
UN-SPIDER (Space Based Information for Disaster Management and Emergency Response) enables the UN to use space technology in real-life humanitarian settings. The platform promotes the use of satellite data for emergency response and disaster management and develops partnerships and collaborations, particularly with developing countries.
In the case of the 2015 earthquake in Nepal, UN-SPIDER gathered and supported information from a range of actors who were producing maps, statistics, and lists of contacts. The platform provided a one-stop-shop for responders so that they could easily access data while working on the ground to save lives.
“We are developing collaborations to make sure that the information is discoverable and accessible by governments so that they have the capacity to develop their own plans and response strategy. We do that specifically with developing countries,” said St-Pierre.
PIQUA — A crash involving two cars and a pickup truck caused traffic in the downtown area to be rerouted for approximately 40 minutes on Wednesday.
The crash occurred around 1 p.m. when, according to Deputy Chief Marty Grove of the Piqua Police Department, a gold Toyota that was eastbound on Ash Street failed to stop at a red light and struck a white Pontiac that was southbound on Main Street. The impact caused the Pontiac to strike a pickup truck that was northbound on Main Street.
There was heavy damage to at least two of the vehicles but no injuries were reported.
The driver of the Toyota was cited for a red light violation.
The crash was investigated by the Piqua Police Department.
Mike Ullery | Daily Call Piqua police investigate a three-vehicle crash at the intersection of Main and Ash Streets on Wednesday afternoon. http://www.dailycall.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/30/2018/05/web1_053018mju_crash_mainash.jpg Mike Ullery | Daily Call Piqua police investigate a three-vehicle crash at the intersection of Main and Ash Streets on Wednesday afternoon.
TORONTO — Ontario's fiscal watchdog says the Liberal government will run a deficit this fiscal year, despite claims it has balanced the budget.
In a new report today, the Financial Accountability Office says the Liberals will run a $4 billion deficit in 2017-18.
By 2021-22, the FAO projects the government's budget deficit will grow to $9.8 billion.
The FAO also says the government's new Fair Hydro Plan, which cuts hydro rates by 25 per cent, will add $3.2 billion to the budget deficit by 2021-22.
The Liberals presented a balanced budget in the spring, a year ahead of the provincial election, and have promised to keep the books in balance through the next couple of years.
Last year, Ontario's auditor general questioned the province's decision to include a pair of public pensions — the Ontario Public Service Employee's Union Pension Plan and the Ontario Teacher's Pension Plan — as assets on its balance sheet.
The FAO says in its report that since the government has not adopted the auditor's recommended accounting for both the pension assets, and with the addition of the Fair Hydro Plan, it is becoming more difficult for legislators and the public to assess the government's fiscal projections.
0
We've now gone through our individual Top 10 lists (which you can find at the bottom of this article), and now it's time to compile them into Collider's Top 10 Films of 2016.
Here's how the voting worked: A #1 film got 10 points, a #2 film got 9 points, and so on. If a film appeared high on multiple lists, it's likely to be on this one. And when I look across the spectrum, it was a really great year for movies. 2016 gifted us with a terrific musical, creepy horror, and, more importantly, new voices that will be worth listening to in the years to come. I'm really proud of the diversity on display with this lineup, and I can't wait to see what 2017 has in store.
Check our Collider's Top 10 Films of 2016 below.
TOKYO: Toyota Motor Corp's chairperson, who led the development of the Toyota Prius, expects the latest plug-in hybrid vehicles (PHVs) will catch on with consumers far more rapidly than the original Prius did.
Known as the "father of the Prius" for their role in popularizing the world's best-selling hybrid car, Takeshi Uchiyamada said they expected to sell 1 million plug-in hybrids in less than 10 years, the time it took for sales of its conventional hybrid vehicles to hit that mark.
"Environmental awareness has become a bigger issue today than it was 20 years ago, and demand for environmentally conscious products has increased," Uchiyamada told reporters at an event to launch the latest plug-in version of the Prius in Japan.
While the technology for plug-ins has developed rapidly, lowering costs, Uchiyamada said they had "no idea" exactly when plug-in sales would hit the 1 million mark. Since launching the original Prius, in 1997, Toyota has developed hybrid versions for around 40 of its models, and has sold a total of 10 million hybrid vehicles globally.
Launching the second generation of the Prius PHV in Japan on Wednesday, Toyota said it expects to sell up to 60,000 worldwide a year, with more than half of the sales coming from Japan.
Toyota set a similar target for the first generation of its plug-in Prius, of which only around 75,000 have been sold since its launch in 2012, largely due to its limited electric range of 26.4 kilometers.
The latest version has a range of 68.2 kilometers according to Japanese standards. Due to a different methodology in measuring a car's electric mode range, the vehicles' range is listed in the United States as around 25 miles (40.2 kms).
Launched as the Prius Prime in North America late last year, the plug-in Prius will be introduced in Europe from March. Uchiyamada declined to comment on plans to offer plug-in versions of other models.
The latest plug-in Prius sees Toyota widely endorsing lithium-ion batteries, marking a turning point for the company which for years had resisted the technology commonly used in all-battery electric vehicles, due to concerns over their cost, size and safety.
While rivals including Nissan Motor Co and Tesla have marketed electric cars for nearly a decade, Toyota has promoted fuel cell-powered vehicles as the most sensible next-generation option to hybrids, although a lack of hydrogen fuelling stations remains a major hurdle for mass consumption.
But as more automakers develop electric cars in response to tightening global emissions regulations, Toyota late last year set up a new division to speed up development of long-range electric cars.
(With additional reporting by Maki Shiraki; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
A New York judge set a June 15 deadline Wednesday for lawyers for President Donald Trump and their personal lawyer to make attorney-client privilege claims over data seized in April raids, saying it was important not to delay the criminal investigation.
Photo: CNN
U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood said a special taint team of prosecutors will make determinations after that date.
Wood presided over a hearing at which a prosecutor revealed that the contents of a shredder and two Blackberry devices were all that remained to be turned over to a court-appointed special master screening evidence for attorney-client privilege. Also reviewing the materials are lawyers for Trump's personal attorney, Michael Cohen, the president and the Trump Organization.
Cohen's lawyers asked to be allowed to review materials from the April 9 raids of Cohen's office and home until mid-July, but Wood said they had to balance their needs to protect their client with the need of prosecutors to pursue their criminal fraud case against Cohen.
Cohen attorney Todd Harrison said over a dozen lawyers had reviewed 1.3 million of over 3.7 million files received from the government, designating privilege as necessary.
Cohen did not speak during the court proceeding, which lasted more than an hour and featured a colorful argument between lawyers for Cohen and Trump on one side and California attorney Michael Avenatti on the other as they discussed Avenatti's public statements on behalf of their porn-star client, Stormy Daniels.
Daniels, whose real name is Stephanie Clifford, has said they had sex once with Trump, in 2006. Trump denies it. Daniels was not in court Wednesday.
Stephen Ryan, an attorney for Cohen, argued that Avenatti had acted outrageously by publicly releasing banking information related to Cohen and by criticizing Cohen in dozens of television appearances.
Ryan said Avenatti "intended to cause harm to my client and they succeeded."
Avenatti said a journalist had contacted them recently, claiming to have a recorded conversation between Cohen and an attorney who represented Daniels when Cohen arranged to pay their $130,000 as part of the non-disclosure agreement. They accused Cohen's lawyers of leaking the audio. Ryan denied it, but said if their firm had released those audio tapes, "it would be the biggest story in America."
Ryan at one point seemed critical of what they called "a very strange thing going on" between prosecutors and Avenatti, who claimed they had a good working relationship with the government lawyers and that they knew the lawyers and the FBI had not leaked the audio.
Ryan also called Avenatti and prosecutors "strange bedfellows."
If Avenatti formally joined the court case, they would have to end their "publicity tour on TV and elsewhere" and stop asserting that Cohen is guilty of wrongdoing, actions that could "potentially deprive them of a fair trial," the judge told Avenatti.
After the hearing, Avenatti formally withdrew their request to appear in the case.
Special Master Barbara Jones said in a letter Tuesday that lawyers for Cohen, Trump and the Trump Organization have designated more than 250 items as subject to attorney-client privilege. They said the material includes data from a video recorder.
Jones said more than a million pieces of data from three of Cohen's phones are ready to be given to criminal prosecutors, and more than 12,000 pages of documents from eight boxes that survived attorney-client privilege scrutiny already have been given back to prosecutors. More than a dozen electronic devices were seized or copied in the raids, and Jones said they have not yet received data from three seized items.
The raids on Cohen were triggered in part by a referral from special counsel Robert Mueller, who separately is looking into Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
Wood became involved after Cohen came to court, complaining that they feared attorney-client privilege would not be protected. Trump also expressed those concerns on Twitter.
The gang talks Fortnite mobile, Darwin Project, Microsoft's new E3 plans, Toys R Us closing, Rainbow Six Siege, Shipwreck's new Xbox One X, and of course, DJMax Respect.
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) — Buffalo Police are investigating a drowning that happened at the Hampton Inn on Delaware Avenue.
Police say they were called to a hotel room inside the Hampton just before 1 a.m. Sunday morning.
Police say the drowning victim is a woman in their 40's.
Detectives will continue to investigate the death.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Paul Golias / FOR The Citizens' Voice Attorneys John Doran, left, and F. Charles Petrillo take a question at the Huber Breaker Preservation Society meeting earlier this month.
Nuggets of history continue to emerge from the Blue Coal bankruptcy, some full of intrigue amid questions that may never be answered.
Was Jimmy Hoffa killed due to their linkage to anthracite land deals? How did financial giant IIT get bamboozled in what the federal courts later found to be a fraudulent coal company sale? Who were the other people interested in the 17,000 acres of land that eventually came under control of Earth Conservancy?
All of these questions and much more information were in the open when the Huber Breaker Preservation Society hosted a program on the historic bankruptcy case that ran from 1976 to 2000. Speakers were attorney John Doran, who served as counsel to the trustee in the Blue Coal case through 1994, and attorney F. Charles Petrillo, local historian.
Ironically, the preservation society meets in the Earth Conservancy building on South Main Street, Ashley, where Blue Coal and its predecessor, Glen Alden Coal Co., had their office. Doran took depositions in the same building in the 1970s as the Blue Coal case expanded into one with a depth and breadth that made U.S. bankruptcy history.
Petrillo gave an overview of how Blue Coal evolved. An antitrust breakup of the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad led to creation of Glen Alden Coal Co. in 1921. It became Glen Alden Corp. in 1955. List Industries became major shareholder in 1958 and List spun off coal lands in Lackawanna and Luzerne counties to Blue Coal Corp. in 1966. Blue Coal came under control of the Raymond Group, the Cleveland and Gillen families, and then sold to Great American Coal Co. in 1974.
Great American's owners eventually were identified as James J. Durkin, Dallas; Jimmy Hoffa, former international president of the Teamsters Union, and Hyman Green, a New York business person. They secured an $8.5 million mortgage from Institutional Investors Trust, New York City.
In the same period, Lucky Strike Coal Co., owned by Louis Beltrami, bought the Huber Breaker and land around the breaker. In this chain of events, Lucky Strike went bankrupt in 1991 and No. 1 Contracting Co., owned by Al Roman, formerly of Pagnotti Enterprises, bought the breaker and land. No. 1 itself went into bankruptcy in 2010 and the fate of the breaker depends on what happens in Bankruptcy Court. It appears the breaker will be sold for its salvage value.
Pagnotti Enterprises ended up holding the mortgage on some 30,000 acres of coal lands in the two counties, but the downturn in the anthracite business led to the eventual scheduling of the lands at tax sales. These sales were set for Dec. 17, 1976.
Doran then took up the narrative, noting that a fellow attorney called their attention to the tax sales and the impact it would have on the Anthracite Health and Welfare Fund which was owed $7 million by Pagnotti, then the mortgage holder.
Within a few days, Doran rounded up five creditors as plaintiffs and filed an involuntary bankruptcy action on Dec. 16. In their naÃ¯vetÃ©, Doran said, they even called a Pagnotti subsidiary that was owed money and they asked if that firm wanted to join in the action.
Doran said attorney Bernard Hendrzak, then director of the Luzerne County Tax Claim Bureau, resisted pressure from men "in dark overcoats and hats, not from around here," to go through with the sale despite the bankruptcy filing. Hendrzak held fast and a 26-year bankruptcy case was under way.
Doran said they had no idea of the scope or the players at that time.
"I wasn't even sure of where I was going to go (with the case)," they said.
Because Pagnotti needed coal to sell, Beltrami was allowed to mine coal on land in bankruptcy with the agreement that Pagnotti would pay $7,500 per month into the bankruptcy case account.
"That helped us create a war chest to continue the case," Doran said.
The case came down to a pivotal 120-day trial held before Judge Malcolm Muir in U.S. District Court, Williamsport. With the federal government as lead counsel, and Doran and their partner Bob Nowallis on the team, the case went in favor of the government and the trustee on their allegation that the IIT mortgage was invalid. The court found that the mortgage proceeds were used by the Clevelands and Gillens to buy stock and little went toward the coal company's $20 million in debt.
The winners were the Anthracite Health and Welfare Fund and the county, state and federal tax authorities owed money by Pagnotti.
Doran left as counsel to the trustee after 17 years in a dispute over the sum to be paid for the 17,000 acres of former coal lands in Luzerne County. Then Congressman Paul Kanjorski secured the land for $14.5 million and created Earth Conservancy to manage and reclaim the land, or to donate parcels for such uses as state forest land, game lands or youth recreation.
Doran said two local people, whom they would not identify, offered $21 million for the acreage. On upside would have been payment of taxes on the land. As a nonprofit, Earth Conservancy does not pay taxes.
IIT's role in providing the mortgage to Great American brings in the Durkin-Hoffa-Green connections. In the summer of 1975, Durkin wanted out of Great American and Green wanted to stay in. Hoffa, then a secret owner of half of the GA shares, had an attorney in St. Louis, Eugene Zaff, who received a $500,000 check from Durkin. Doran said when they later deposed Durkin and showed them the check, asking what it was for, Durkin responded, "I can't recall."
Green, the likely link to IIT, ended up as listed owner of all of the stock and Zaff, who disliked Green, tried to get Hoffa to reassert their ownership share. Hoffa disappeared on July 25, 1975, and Petrillo and Doran said there is speculation that the disappearance was linked to the coal lands dealings.
In their book, "I Heard You Paint Houses," author Charles Brandt writes that former Teamsters Union official Frank Sheeran, of Philadelphia, confessed to killing Hoffa on orders of then Northeastern Pennsylvania crime boss Russell Bufalino, of Kingston. The motive: Hoffa would not back down from their attempts to retake the Teamsters Union presidency at a time when the mob was working with their successor.
The Blue Coal bankruptcy was messy and fraught with people in shadows. Doran told this reporter that for a time, they feared for their life and for their children and they took precautions. Doran said they were offered a bribe to end the case. They would not identify the person or people who offered the bribe.
Doran's success in guiding the Blue Coal bankruptcy case was noted by the federal court.
"But for the efforts of Attorney John Doran in placing the Blue Coal Corporation into involuntary bankruptcy, it would have been extremely unlikely that the pre-petition creditors of that company would ever have seen a dime of payment," Bankruptcy Judge John J. Thomas wrote in an opinion and order on Jan. 15, 1997. "Now, the secured and priority creditors are being paid in full, and the non-priority creditors will receive approximately sixty cents on the dollar â¦"
Those comments and others lauding Doran came in an order approving a modest bonus to the Doran & Nowallis law firm for its work. Attorney Nowallis died recently. John Doran continues to practice law with their daughter, attorney Lisa Doran.
Meanwhile, Earth Conservancy continues its unique task of conserving and improving a vital asset, the land that was the focus of the bankruptcy case.
Earth Conservancy is based in the former Blue Coal Co. headquarters in Ashley. The historic Huber Breaker sits behind that building, a deteriorating reminder of the economic clout of the anthracite era. EC works to reclaim scarred land, eliminate mine pits and culm banks, create open space and woodland preserves, foster economic development and improve the quality of life locally.
About 10,000 acres will be committed to game lands, green space, parks, trails and other recreational uses. A soccer field complex in the Preston section of Hanover Township is an example of turning wasteland into a recreation area. Thus far, EC has spent $27.2 million to reclaim 1,453 acres. Work has begun to reclaim another 1,102 acres.
EC pays a part of its own way through sale of resources and the land itself. State and federal grants are sought too but the tough economic climate works against the nonprofit, director Mike Dziak has noted.
The organization has donated 205 acres worth $1.9 million to 20 local entities. It also operates a yard waste compost facility in Newport Township, serving people in 11 member towns, which make contributions to meet its $150,000 annual cost.
From futuristic denim technology brands like e-indigo, chrome chord, hybrid chinos to handloom ones like ikat, denim is witnessing a revolution in terms of design aesthetics and accessibility to cater to the "evolving" mentality of the customers.Arvind Ltd, a textile to retail and brands conglomerate, along with Invista, an integrated producer of fibres, displayed some of the variants of this wardrobe staple through its exclusive denim collection named aGravity' at its annual event Arvind Festive 2018 here."Sustainability is the need of the hour and keeping this in mind, many brands are opting for sustainable options. Technology too helps in a big way and this is the reason why some of our denim range can even be washed with a glass of water with the right use of technology," Aamir Akhtar, CEO, Denims, Arvind Ltd, told IANS."Denim is already used as cross product category as consumers in India are turning very discerning. There are evolved customers and brands are playing a big role. People are focussing on the importance of recycling. The whole mentality is evolving," they added.Their collection was introduced through engaging displays and a runway show highlighting some of the most desired features of modern-day expression of energy.A unique experiential concept -- The ADL Experience: Art and Science of Denim wash -- curated and developed by onboard international laundry experts Giovanni Petrin and Andrea, who have been previously instrumental in the success story of the famed Italian laundry Martelli, was also displayed.The installation showcased the right, aspirational, yet sustainable denim wash directions. The wash trend collection has been developed at Arvind Denim Lab (ADL) using eco-friendly technologies and processes.There was also a visually stimulating Indigo Art Centre for a sneak peek into their vision of 'Indigo-inspired lifestyle'. This section of the event focused on creating endless possibilities with indigo beyond just jeanswear.E-indigo, an innovative line, uses a new indigo dyeing technology, which is not only substantially more sustainable compared with traditional dyeing techniques, it also imparts a fresh appeal to the finished product.
MANILA: Fighting between government-backed separatist rebels and pro-Islamic State militants have killed at least 25 people in the southern Philippines, the army said on Monday, as the military battles to restore order on the troubled island of Mindanao.
Soldiers provided artillery support for the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF), a Muslim rebel group with which the government has signed a peace agreement, to try to tackle Islamist extremists, spokesperson Colonel Gerry Besana said.
The MILF and the government have agreed to work together to thwart several militant groups in Mindanao that have pledged allegiance to Islamic State.
The island of 22 million people and roughly the size of South Korea is under martial law at least until the end of the year, as President Rodrigo Duterte tries to extinguish a growing threat of radical Islam taking a hold and turning the southern Philippines into a magnet for foreign extremists.
The MILF is opposed to radical groups and sees them as undermining its legitimate quest for greater autonomy for Muslims in parts of Mindanao, to end nearly 50 years of conflict that has killed more than 120,000 people and displaced 2 million.
"Based on reports from ceasefire monitors, the two sides suffered 25 casualties, including 20 from the ISIS-inspired group," Besana said, referring to Islamic State by another acronym.
Advertisement
Advertisement
They said 10 MILF were wounded and were being treated at a military hospital.
The conflict started on Aug 7 when extremists from Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters (BIFF) attacked two villages in Maguindanao and their homemade bombs killed five MILF fighters.
The MILF responded and clashes lasted six days, with the military firing howitzer cannons in support, Besana said.
The government and MILF have agreed on a Bangsamoro Basic Law, which needs legislative approval, to create an autonomous region for the Moro minority in the Philippines with its own executive, legislature and fiscal powers.
The BIFF is a breakaway faction of the MILF that disagrees with the peace process and wants an independent Islamic State in the south.
The military is concerned about the possibility that the BIFF, though smaller and less organised, could join forces with larger, more powerful militant group, Dawla Islamiya, better known as the Maute group.
The Maute group, with the support of armed elements of another group, Abu Sayyaf, has held the commercial heart of Marawi City through more than 80 days of clashes and air strikes by the military that have left 700 people dead and displaced some 600,000.
Army officials on Monday estimated about 20-40 militants were holed up in Marawi and believed to be holding scores of hostages as human shields, complicating efforts for a military aided by American technical support to retake the city.
The rebels were running out of options and could strap explosives on hostages and detonate if soldiers encircled their positions, the military said. There is no known precedent for suicide bombings in the Philippines.
(Reporting by Manuel Mogato; Editing by Martin Petty)
CARACAS: Venezuela late on Friday freed an 85-year-old activist, who is the sole survivor of a clandestine group that fought a 1950s military dictatorship, after they were detained by intelligence agents for a day.
The family of lawyer Enrique Aristeguieta and the political party Justice First said they were taken from their home in Caracas in the early hours of Friday, with no explanation from authorities.
“Full freedom for Enrique Aristeguieta and we'll also achieve that for Venezuela,” said hard-line opposition leader Maria Corina Machado.
Aristeguieta is an outspoken opposition campaigner who regularly compares what they call the "narco-tyranny" of socialist President Nicolas Maduro to the 1952-1958 dictatorship of Marcos Perez.
Aristeguieta's Twitter feed had not yet been updated and the last message posted at about 4 a.m. Friday said they were being sought by Venezuelan intelligence agents in their home.
Authorities did not respond to a request for comment earlier on Friday on the detention.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Local rights group Penal Forum said Aristeguieta was one of 14 activists rounded up during the past week, among about 200 who are being detained by the Maduro government.
Critics say the ruling Socialist Party persecutes dissenters while officials insist they are acting legitimately against people plotting against the government with U.S. support.
(Reporting by Deisy Buitrago; Writing by Girish Gupta; Editing by Bill Trott)
SINGAPORE: For investors seeking an asset class that "fares more attractively than the average rental yield", Singapore Exchange's (SGX) head of research and products, Mr Chan Kum Kong, said Singapore real estate investment trusts (S-REITs) is an "interesting segment".
“If you were to compare REITs with the physical market for the average individual investors out there, your rental yield is probably in the range of about 3 per cent and on top of that you obviously have to pay tax, based on the personal income in bracket.
"And in the case of the dividend yield from REITs, it's about 6 to 7 per cent and from a tax standpoint, it's very efficient because it's tax exempt for both local and foreign individuals,” they said.
Ms Alice Tan, Singapore director and head of consultancy and research at Knight Frank agrees with him, saying: “In an environment of low yields, investors are essentially looking out for stable and higher yields compared to the general equities market so Singapore REITs actually provide a good alternative source of investment where yields are perceived to be stable.”
REITs are securities that invest in a diversified pool of professionally managed real estate assets. They raise capital to purchase primarily real estate assets, usually with a view to generate income for unit holders of the fund.
SGX has said that like stocks, REITs have market risk – that is, unit prices can move against the investor's expectations. It also noted that other risks associated with stock investing, such as price risk, volatility and liquidity risks also apply.
Advertisement
Advertisement
In a recent market report by the exchange, it said all 31 S-REITs have given investors an average total return of 17.6 per cent for the period spanning January to Aug 4 this year.
It also showed that total returns ranged from 8 per cent on the low end for Fortune REIT to 30 per cent on the highest end for CDL Hospitality Trusts.
Significant institutional investor interest in REITs over the last four months has brought cumulative inflows to S$133.6 million, it added.
The SGX REIT 20 Index - a market cap-weighted benchmark that measures the performance of the 20 largest trusts in the sector - generated a 18.8 per cent total return in the first 31 weeks of the year. That figure was up from a total return of 16 per cent for the same period last year.
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
Mr Chan said: “The next stage in terms of growth would definitely be more overseas assets coming in. I think the platform is recognised, there is a lot of interest from investors and from the issuers' standpoint, they are looking to tap this platform in terms of recycling of capital.”
RETAIL REITS VERSUS RISE IN E-COMMERCE
On the impact of e-commerce on retail REITS, Knight Frank's Ms Tan said: “Retail REITs, especially those that have suburban malls in Singapore, do seem to have a better short-term potential of maintaining their dividend yields as these malls are able to catch a stronger and stable catchment of shoppers. The challenge that they face could be elevated asset prices.”
However, they said that the rise of e-commerce has proved to be a plus for those betting on the higher demand for warehouse space that is indispensable for the growth of online retailing.
"As e-commerce changes, the need for centralised storage of goods and deployment of goods to households and individuals are becoming more (important) than before. Industrial could become the new retail."
As for hospitality REITs, Knight Frank said the sector needs to explore new ways of offering their accommodation packages - citing the prevalence of shorter expatriate terms and business engagements in Singapore.
Meanwhile, on the office front, OCBC remains optimistic that rents will bottom out going forward, but acknowledges that risks still remain.
Mr Andy Wong, investment research analyst at the bank, said: “In near term, there could still be some pressure on rentals and occupancy since there is still relatively ample amount of supply that's coming on-stream for the second half of 2017.
“In terms of demand ... we've actually seen more inquiries on the ground, but whether that will actually translate to actual lease signings will ... depend on the global economic recovery.”
Ms Tan said the “global economic recovery” will give the office market a much-needed boost.
“The office market could ride on this strong positive prospect with the potential improvement in office rents as new supply of prime Grade A office space tapers off beyond 2018. That could be positive rental upside that is compelling for REITs to offer higher dividends for their investors,” they said.
LOOKING FORWARD
OCBC said the woes of a looming interest rate hike could still linger, but REIT managers are taking measures to prevent it from dampening investor sentiment.
Mr Wong said: “The probability of another rate hike by the end of the year currently stands at slightly above 40 per cent. And if you look at Federal Reserve chairperson Janet Yellen's recent testimony to Congress, they actually mentioned that the neutral rate for the federal funds rate in the longer term will likely come in below what was seen previously.
“If you look at what the REITs have done in terms of risk management – on average they have already hedged approximately 78 per cent of their borrowings, so this means they will be relatively buffered against any fluctuations in interest rates at least in the near term.”
MOSCOW: Russia said on Wednesday it would not hand back Crimea to Ukraine or discuss the matter with foreign partners after the White House said U.S. President Donald Trump expected the annexed Black Sea peninsula to be returned.
Moscow says an overwhelming majority of Crimeans voted to become part of Russia in a 2014 referendum wanting protection from what the Kremlin cast as an illegal coup in Kiev.
Ukraine says the referendum was a sham held at gunpoint after Russian troops illegally annexed the peninsula, that Russia-friendly president Viktor Yanukovych was ousted by people power, and that Moscow should return Crimea.
"We don't give back our own territory. Crimea is territory belonging to the Russian Federation," Maria Zakharova, spokesperson for the Russian Foreign Ministry, told a news briefing on Wednesday.
The 2014 annexation prompted the United States and the European Union to impose sanctions on Russia, plunging Western relations with the Kremlin to their worst level since the Cold War.
White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said on Tuesday that Trump expected and wanted to get along with Russia, but was expecting Moscow to hand Crimea back.
Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov, when asked about Spicer's comments, said President Vladimir Putin had already explained why Crimeans had turned to Russia.
"The theme of returning Crimea will not be discussed ... Russia does not discuss its territorial integrity with foreign partners," Peskov told a conference call with reporters.
Trump had not raised the Crimean issue in a Jan. 28 phone call with Putin, Peskov noted, saying the Kremlin would try to make contacts with the Trump administration to try to improve ties which they said were in "a lamentable state."
Vyacheslav Volodin, speaker of the State Duma, the lower house of parliament, told MPs any talk of Crimea's status amounted to a challenge to Russia's territorial integrity.
Volodin, a close Putin ally, told the Interfax news agency Trump had promised in their election campaign to work to improve relations with Russia.
"Let's wait for some first-hand words from the U.S. president," said Volodin. "When people get elected by voters it's not merely for warm words and the ability to speak, but for concrete promises ... that will be fulfilled."
(Additional reporting by Maria Tsvetkova/ Alessandra Prentice; editing by John Stonestreet)
— Main Menu — Home News Sports - Basketball - Baseball - Football - Softball - Other Opinion - Cartoons - Editorial - Letters to the Editor - Columns - - Bena Mae's Kitchen - - Don Estep - - Gary West - - Garrard Coffey - - Mark White - - Matti Daniels - - Religion - - Trent Knuckles People - Obituaries - Weddings & Anniversaries Public Records - Lawsuits - Legal Notices - District Court Records - Inspections - Deeds - Marriages - Master Commisioner Contact Us Classifieds e-Edition Subscribe Now! Business Community Directory
Starbucks Corp has too many stores and its prices are too high, Wall Street analysts are starting to agree, as they seek to explain the company's slowing U.S. growth.
REUTERS: Starbucks Corp has too many stores and its prices are too high, Wall Street analysts are starting to agree, as they seek to explain the company's slowing U.S. growth.
The world's biggest coffee chain now has more U.S. locations than McDonald's Corp but it has been struggling for more than a year to lure the traffic needed to deliver the growth that investors have come to expect.
Executives last week warned that Starbucks' 2018 same-store sales growth would be at the low end of its forecast. The chain reported a 2 percent U.S. quarterly same-store sales gain that fell short of expectations on flat holiday traffic. Two years ago, those sales jumped 9 percent.
Starbucks itself has offered a laundry list of reasons for the deceleration in its domestic business, including weak retail traffic, changes to its rewards program, bottlenecks from a crush of mobile orders, and holiday merchandise and drink specials that failed to "resonate" with customers.
Executives concede that Starbucks' U.S. afternoon business has dragged down results in its most important market.
Still, they say that Starbucks - which had 14,163 U.S. locations at year-end, 25 percent more than five years ago and 127 more than McDonald's - is not cannibalizing its own sales or losing share in a market crowded with coffee sellers ranging from independent cafes to fast-food chains and convenience stores.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Analysts disagree. A recent analysis of restaurant industry trends, retail traffic and other factors led Bernstein analyst Sara Senatore to solidify their view that "excess unit growth, at a time when Starbucks is reaching a more mature stage of growth, is the root cause" of the company's domestic woes.
"Rather than a litany of excuses, we believe this is best explained by overcapacity in the industry," said John Zolidis, president of Quo Vadis Capital, a Paris-based boutique research firm. "Starbucks is contributing to the problem by opening new units."
Credit Suisse analyst Jason West said the brew of stepped-up competition combined with Starbucks' recent opening of roughly 700 U.S. stores a year, is weighing on its "ability to re-accelerate growth."
Starbucks said on Friday its new cafes perform well and bring more business to all nearby coffee shops, not just its own.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Proliferation of stores is not Starbucks' only problem, according to analysts. Zolidis also sees another troubling sign: "We believe the company has raised prices too much."
Starbucks did not immediately comment on pricing.
McDonald's and Dunkin' Donuts, owned by Dunkin' Brands Group Inc , have been holding down drink prices, said Maxim Group analyst Stephen Anderson, who analyzes 10 markets in the U.S. Northeast, including New York, Boston and Washington.
McDonald's - now selling US$1 coffee and US$2 small espresso drinks - has kept prices mostly flat for the last two years. Dunkin' Donuts' has raised prices by roughly 1 percent per year, while Starbucks has raised prices by about 3.5 percent each year, said Anderson, who added that the rivals may be peeling off some of Starbucks' less-affluent customers.
(Reporting by Lisa Baertlein in Los Angeles; editing by Bill Rigby and Lisa Shumaker)
WASHINGTON The Federal Reserve could begin trimming its holdings of bonds "relatively soon," Fed Chair Janet Yellen said on Wednesday.
"We could put this into effect relatively soon," Yellen told a news conference, referring to the Fed's plan to reduce reinvestments of maturing securities later this year.
(Reporting by Jason Lange; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
GAYO LUES, Indonesia: More than 10,000 people turned out in Indonesia's Aceh on Sunday (Aug 13) to stage a record-breaking song and dance performance stressing the need to conserve a threatened national park in the westernmost province.
The men, clad in elaborate black and yellow traditional costumes, sat in neat rows, clapping their hands on their shoulders and laps and moving in an increasingly fast-paced rhythm to a traditional song.
The saman, or "the dance of a thousand hands", is one of the country's most popular. In 2011 it was included in the UNESCO list of items of intangible cultural heritage.
The event was aimed at attracting more visitors to the province, the head of the local tourism agency, Syafruddin, told AFP.
Participants take part in a mass traditional Saman dance performance in Aceh on Indonesia's Sumatra island on August 13, 2017 AFP/CHAIDEER MAHYUDDIN
The men, mostly from the ethnic Gayo community, made occasional wave-like movements without breaking formation.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Their song focused on the importance of protecting the province's Mount Leuser National Park, home to rare Sumatran tigers and elephants, which is threatened by rampant poaching and rainforest destruction due to the expansion of palmoil plantations.
Thousands of spectators flocked to an open field tucked amid lush green hills in Gayo Lues district to watch the performance.
The Indonesian Museum of Record certified it as breaking a national record with 10,001 participants - beating last year's record of 6,600.
More than 10,000 people turned out in Indonesia's Aceh to stage a record-breaking song and dance performance stressing the need to conserve a threatened national park AFP/CHAIDEER MAHYUDDIN
The dance is usually accompanied by a song performed in unison. It emphasises teamwork, a symbol of unity.
"In the old days the lyrics were usually about spreading Islamic teachings. These days we can adjust the lyrics to deliver any message we wish to convey to the audience," Syafruddin said.
Aceh's international image has been tarnished by its public punishments under Sharia law, such as caning for homosexuality.
"I am very impressed with the performance, the dancers synchronised very well and it makes me proud as an Indonesian. It was incredible," Sarah, a visitor from Jakarta, told AFP.
JACKSON, Miss. (AP) — Mississippi's governor has signed the nation's tightest abortion restrictions into law.
Republican Gov. Phil Bryant signed House Bill 1510 on Monday afternoon. It becomes law immediately and bans most abortions after 15 weeks' gestation. Bryant has frequently said they want Mississippi to be the “safest place in America for an unborn child.”
The law's only exceptions are if a fetus has health problems making it “incompatible with life” outside of the womb at full term, or if a pregnant woman's life or a “major bodily function” is threatened by pregnancy. Pregnancies resulting from rape and incest aren't exempted.
Abortion rights advocates are calling the law unconstitutional because it limits abortion before fetuses can live outside the womb. The owner of Mississippi's only abortion clinic opposes the law and has pledged to sue.
This September 9, 2014, file photo shows the Apple Watch displayed during an Apple special event at the Flint Center for the Performing Arts in Cupertino, California.
Apple and Aetna held secret meetings last week to bring Apple's health- and fitness-tracking device, Apple Watch, to Aetna customers, according to three sources who spoke with CNBC.
Aetna, which covers an estimated 23 million people, is negotiating a deal with Apple to either provide the smartwatch for free or at a discounted rate to its members.
Recently, Apple has focused on developing new health sensors for people with chronic disease, according to a CNBC report in April.
Apple Watch recently surpassed Fitbit as the top-selling health-tracking device, after shipments reached an estimated 22 million in early 2017.
Trump Condemns ‘Repugnant' Hate Groups After Va. Violence
MOSCOW: Safe, exciting, well-organised - Russian President Vladimir Putin has scored points by hosting the World Cup. But the soft-power dividend at home and abroad is limited, analysts warn.
Despite the cold shoulder they usually receive from their rivals in the West, Putin has presided over a good-humoured tournament with gripping matches and street parties.
Advertisement
Thousands of Latin American fans have fuelled a fiesta atmosphere in the summer heat. Even Russia's own unfancied team have given locals something to shout about and are now preparing for a quarter-final against Croatia.
Yet Andrei Kolesnikov, a Russian politics expert at the Carnegie Moscow Center, judges the soft-power effect of hosting the tournament as "insignificant".
Relatively few fans have made the journey to support teams from other Western nations, they noted, and "there is nothing to suggest that Russia's image abroad has improved".
"The patriotic fervour will subside and the day after the tournament everything will return to exactly the way it was."
Advertisement
Advertisement
SPORT AND DIPLOMACY
Following the doping-tainted Winter Olympics in Sochi in 2014 and violence involving Russian fans at the Euro 2016 football tournament, the World Cup was Russia's chance to take the edge off tensions through some soft-power diplomacy.
Despite a few incidents, coverage has been dominated by colourful scenes of peaceful celebrations. Rival fans have posed together smiling for photos on Red Square.
Russia's President Vladimir Putin has scored points by hosting the World Cup - but analysts say the soft-power benefits may be limited. (Photo: AFP/Yuri Kadobnov)
On Jul 15, television viewers around the world will see Putin sit in Moscow's Luzhniki Stadium to watch the final of a tournament widely hailed as a success.
The next day they will fly to Helsinki for a one-on-one summit with United States President Donald Trump in a bid to ease tensions.
As the fans partied this week and last, Putin and other Russian officials met with visiting US delegates to prepare for the summit.
The sides congratulated each other on winning the right to host the World Cup - Russia this year, and the United States in 2026, along with Mexico and Canada.
But Putin will leave an uneasy mood back home once the party has ended.
Lev Gudkov, director of independent pollster Levada, says there are "more and more discontented people" in Russia.
"Everything to do with the tournament is perceived positively, but that does not affect people's real lives," they told AFP.
"It is purely a media effect."
PUTIN'S POPULARITY FALLS
Before the street parties erupted in Moscow and other cities following Russia's victory over Spain on Jul 1, crowds elsewhere were rallying in anger at pensions reform.
Many Russians fear the measure - announced on the very day the World Cup began - will drive them into hardship in the final years of their lives.
The pension age will rise - for the first time 80 years - by eight years to 63 for women. For men, it will rise by five years to 65 - just two years short of average male life expectancy.
Putin met US National Security Adviser John Bolton in Moscow during the World Cup to discuss a US-Russia summit. (Photo: AFP/Alexander Zemlianichenko)
Russians' quality of life has declined in general over the past four years, since the West imposed sanctions on Russia for annexing the Crimean peninsula.
Putin has distanced themselves from the cabinet's reforms. But they have not been spared the popular anger.
Despite the revelry of the World Cup, in a survey published on Tuesday (Jul 3) by Levada, 48 per cent of respondents said they trusted Putin - down 12 points in a month and a half.
A study by the state-controlled VTsIOM institute in late June indicated that the president's popularity rating had fallen by 14 points in three weeks, to 64 per cent.
"For the first time in a very long while, the popularity ratings of the whole leadership have fallen," said Kolesnikov.
"Usually, Putin is spared, but now their popularity is falling too."
It was never a big secret that Johnny Galecki would only be able to commit to the one episode of the Roseanne revival, but it's still sad to think that their one appearance in the episode "David v. Darlene" is now over and done with. But since the end of the episode left things open for a more permanent return, will David come back for more Roseanne episodes? Because of Mark's death and David and Darlene's marriage troubles, they left their family to build homes for charity, and while ditching their wife and kids definitely doesn't seem like something David would do, it is very like them to want to help others. But now it seems like he's ready to stop traveling and settle back down near their kids. But will it actually happen? It will if the actor who plays them has anything to say about it.
Before the Roseanne revival premiered, Galecki said that they would be onboard to appear in more episodes of the show in the future, especially since The Big Bang Theory could end after Season 12. This means that fans might see David again next season to reprise their role and hopefully work on things with their children and maybe even with Darlene. For the rest of Roseanne Season 10, however, David will not be making another appearance.
Sara Gilbert (Darlene) recently spoke to TVLine about Galecki's return to the show and how important it was since their on-screen relationship was such a big part of their characters' stories in the original series. Gilbert said that they were grateful to have been able to bring Galecki back in the revival, even if it meant creating trouble in their marriage with Darlene and effectively turning them into a sort of deadbeat dad. Of course, by the end of the episode, it was clear that David was ready to take the right steps in mending things with their children and even revealed plans to move back to Lanford, so David coming back for more Roseanne episodes definitely seems like a possibility.
"I think if Johnny [Galecki] didn't have an empire to run, they would've certainly been in more episodes," Gilbert told the outlet, adding:
But I still like the idea of an inconsistent parent. It's such a great area to explore, regardless of their availability. I know they did say in an interview that they wanted to do more episodes next year, so hopefully he'll be doing more than just one next year.
In real life, Galecki is involved in multiple projects that keep them so busy that it would be hard to allow themselves to pinned down to appear as a regular next season in the Roseanne revival. However, there's no reason not to hope that they can somehow fit the show in occasionally. He's still one of the main stars on CBS' long-running hit comedy The Big Bang Theory and now they serve as executive producer on the new CBS show Living Biblically. But if that wasn't enough, he's also going to be the host of SciJinks, a new Science Channel prank show.
Regardless, the door was left wide open for David to come back for more episodes, even if it won't be until next season. Instead of David leaving again on a sour note and giving up on trying to mend things with Darlene and their kids, they made the promise to come back and make things right with both Harris and Mark. And since they already signed a lease with a nearby home, it seemed pretty legit. In that respect, it's entirely possible for David to come back for more Roseanne episodes as long as Galecki themselves is available once filming for Season 11 begins.
Check out Romper's new video series, Romper's Doula Diaries:
Watch full episodes of Romper's Doula Diaries on Facebook Watch.
London: Arsene Wenger says the instinctive understanding between old friends Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Henrikh Mkhitaryan can transform Arsenal's turbulent season.
Aubameyang marked their Arsenal debut with a goal in Saturday's 5-1 demolition of Everton, while Mkhitaryan provided three assists in their first start for the Gunners.
The swaggering show from the former Borussia Dortmund team-mates was a much-needed boost for Arsenal boss Wenger after a difficult January that saw Alexis Sanchez force through a move to Manchester United, while the north Londoners struggled on the pitch.
Gabon striker Aubameyang joined from Dortmund on deadline day for a club record £56 million, reuniting with Armenia midfielder Mkhitaryan, who arrived earlier in the window from United in a swap deal for Sanchez.
While Aaron Ramsey scored their first career hat-trick against Everton, it was the promising partnership between Aubameyang and Mkhitaryan that stole the show.
"Overall, the two players integrated well into our game and they looked as if they had played for us forever," said Wenger.
"They have similar qualities to what our game is about. Technically, they are good. They are quick and overall it was a first convincing performance."
Aubameyang was a constant menace with their pace and energy and, while their goal was fortunate given they were offside when they ran onto Mkhitaryan's pass, there was enough quality on display to suggest they may keep the misfiring Alexandre Lacazette on the bench for the foreseeable future.
"The quality of their movement and finishing was excellent. They give problems to defenders with their movement, they are always looking to go into spaces that are difficult to cover," Wenger said.
"When they get ahead it is hard to catch him. When we understand them better we can make more of that.
"He is not at their best physically and still has some work to do on that, but the price is reasonable I think, overall for that quality of striker in today's market."
Mkhitaryan struggled to make an impact at United, but they looked revitalised at the Emirates Stadium, linking with Aubameyang and Mesut Ozil to devastating effect as Arsenal tore Everton to pieces with four goals in the first half.
"He is a good link player and they work very hard as well," Wenger said.
"Overall, I think they looked well-accepted by the rest of the team and was understanding very well how we want to play. I can say is that it was a convincing debut."
Ice-cool Ramsey
Wenger also reserved praise for Ramsey as the Wales midfielder finally took their manager's advice to stay cool in front of goal.
"I felt always — when I watched the games after on the video — you think always that they are there in a good position in the box and I felt always that they had between 10 and 15 goals at least in their locker," Wenger said.
"He didn't do it until now because I think they rushed, sometimes, with their finishing. They look much calmer."
Everton boss Sam Allardyce was furious with their side's display as they tarnished their 500th match as a Premier League manager.
"I'm angry because accepting an instruction is the players' responsibility at this level of football," they said.
"We tried to give those instructions. There was a very good performance by Swansea on Tuesday against Arsenal and we based our plan on that.
"We set out to play like that, unfortunately, Swansea played at the top of their game and we played at the bottom.
"That is why we were tumbling goals left, right and centre with our pathetic performance. None of it was any good. All the team played crap."
Huddersfield Town's ability to close down opposition players and smother their creativity will make champions Chelsea cautious ahead of Tuesday's Premier League clash at John Smith's stadium, the hosts' winger Tom Ince has said.
REUTERS: Huddersfield Town's ability to close down opposition players and smother their creativity will make champions Chelsea cautious ahead of Tuesday's Premier League clash at John Smith's stadium, the hosts' winger Tom Ince has said.
Third-placed Chelsea will be eager to bounce back from their 1-0 defeat by relegation-threatened West Ham United on Saturday but face a tough test against a Huddersfield side that have won four and drawn two of their eight home league games this season.
"I don't think Chelsea or anyone fancies coming here," Ince told reporters. "The way we get in people's faces, we stop people playing. We win our tackles, we win our battles, we make it difficult for teams.
"Chelsea have got talent in abundance. But we feel we can cause any team problems here. We beat Man United here - we deserved to beat Man United - and we ran Man City close."
Huddersfield, who are 12th in the standings, beat second-placed Manchester United at home in October and their only two home league defeats came against leaders Manchester City and top four contenders Tottenham Hotspur.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru)
Advertisement
I am not a football fan. But I did happen to sit down to watch the last 10 minutes of the Vikings-Saints football game a week and a half ago. While I was pleasantly surprised by the game's last 14 seconds and made the mental note that football might not be that bad, my bigger takeaway was the relevance of Keenum-Diggs' play to strategy in advertising.
There's a phrase in business that gets tossed around a lot: Wayne Gretzky's "I skate to where the puck is going." It has nice parallels for us business folk to latch onto, such as the idea that we need to be innovative, watch consumer trends and dream up products and advertisements that will predict what the consumer wants 10 weeks from now. But the problem is that while this phrase applies perfectly to a puck's predictable arc across the ice and a business's stable trajectory for product innovation and sales, it misses a key part of being a human: our irrationality and unpredictability. Case in point: the Keenum-Diggs play. Confused? Watch this:
In my attempt to understand football better and figure out just how this unbelievable play happened, I came across this news clip of Skip Bayless. They explain that the Saints' defender, Marcus Williams, was playing by the book and doing what they were supposed to. Williams commented afterward that their job is "to attack the ball." This sounds eerily similar to going where the puck is going; they were going to where they believed the ball was going. But if that were the case, why did they miss tackling Diggs?
Defenders in any sport know that there are two key pieces of advice: skate where the puck is going (anticipate) or watch the eyes (observe). In any game, defenders have to take in all the different inputs and make a spur of the moment decision: anticipate the play or watch the play. Unfortunately for Williams, they took the wrong risk: they went to where the ball was expected to be under normal circumstances. But these weren't normal circumstances. There were mere seconds on the clock and the Vikings knew they would have to make an impossible play to win the game. So, they decided on an unpredictable play, a play that would help them win big or lose big. Luckily for the Vikings, they won big.
And this is where the Keenum-Diggs play becomes so crucial for anyone working in business or advertising, particularly strategy: you can't just watch where the ball is expected to go or even where the ball is going. You have to also watch the play.
In advertising, this means that we have to watch the circumstances our customers face and recognize that they're not going to keep making the same, routine decisions. Had major news outlets been paying attention to people outside major metropolitan areas, the 2016 election may not have come as such a shock. Had Pepsi listened to the way people were discussing human rights, they would not have produced such a blatantly disrespectful commercial. We cannot keep assuming that with people A + B = C, or even that people are going to make the same decision tomorrow that they made today.
So, what can we take away from this? Don't just go where the trend is heading, go where the consumers are looking. Despite how unpopular this belief is, what we think people will do and what people actually do can often be two very different things. We're not mindreaders and there is still no AI that can predict exactly what people will do or what trend is going to pop up next. If there were, Google's car wouldn't have gotten in that crash.
Fortunately, we don't need to become mindreaders; we just need to tune into what's happening in our consumers' lives every single day. And, when we notice that the environment has changed and there are dissident murmurings among our consumers, we can be ready to flex for whatever they need.
Maddie Wolf is a strategist at mono.
TORONTO — Google “Michael Bradley: Overpaid.”
Then have a laugh.
Prominent pundits were like parakeets when Toronto FC inked Bradley for a blinding, multi-million dollar sum in early 2014. They couldn't see beyond the many, many, many dollar signs.
The signing didn't make sense, they said.
Not at that price. Not for what Bradley had to offer.
Former ESPN pundit Alexi Lalas — known to trade barbs with Bradley from time-to-time — used their national TV platform to claim Bradley wasn't worth the price.
LARSON: ‘Best. Team. Ever.': Reds win MLS cup
Others whispered it behind the scenes amid pondering if The General could accomplish what they said he'd do three years ago: Turn TFC into a “winning team.”
Funny how fast chirping ceases when wins and records and trophies speak for themselves, isn't it?
Bradley let results do almost all of the talking.
It's why MLSE's Board handed Bradley a Brinks truck full of dough — for their play and commitment and mentality and, most of all, their laser focus.
The club's top brass knew it needed a figurehead, a future legend, a spokesperson, a leader, within a dressing room they spent three seasons overhauling.
Justin Morrow was there from the start. As was Jonathan Osorio. Both started Saturday night's 2-0 MLS Cup win over the Seattle Sounders. Both were immense.
Asked earlier this season what Bradley meant to Toronto FC's locker room, Morrow laughed while struggling to find words to describe their captain's contributions.
“It's Michael Bradley,” they repeated. And repeated. And repeated.
Morrow continued by saying Bradley's detractors just “don't know” what they're talking about, an understatement.
Few players, if any, in MLS history have been able to do what Bradley's done for their team, for their city. He's part of the reason why guys like Jozy Altidore and Drew Moor are here.
They helped make the Reds a destination for Altidore, the MLS Cup MVP, and Moor, a veteran Bradley singled out post-game as playing a huge role in TFC's transformation.
“The group we had was so committed, so focused,” Bradley explained. “I think I'm a pretty driven person. At times I have to make sure I don't wear guys out.
“For me, there's no problem to go 24 hours a day, every single day. But I understand everybody is different. I know I have to pick and choose moments to say things.
“With this team, it was incredible. There was never one moment where I looked around and felt like guys were losing focus or forgetting about what we wanted to do.”
Bradley wouldn't let them. The other big players on the team wouldn't let them. The result: Reds fans will remember every guy on the pitch last night for years and decades to come.
They'll remember Alex Bono for coming up big in back-to-back series against the Red Bulls and Columbus to help TFC get to Saturday night's final.
Morrow for their tireless work rate and the Best XI quality he's shown over multiple seasons.
Chris Mavinga for their athleticism and the last-ditch tackles that preserved so many points this year.
Moor for being the free agent signing who finally provided TFC with a consistent, rock solid centre back and defensive leader.
Eriq Zavaleta for being the “who cares” signing who turned into a 27-game starter in TFC's record-setting season.
Steven Beitashour for being the reliable, right-sided defensive stalwart who recovered from a disturbing pancreas injury this season in time for the playoffs.
Marky Delgado for being the young midfielder Vanney unearthed out of nowhere — the perfect ball-mover in a midfield that included Bradley and Victor Vazquez.
Vazquez for being the league's best off-season addition — a player who passes and reads the game like few others in North America.
Sebastian Giovinco for being the best player in MLS history after they showed up in TFC's biggest moment, providing the decisive pass to Altidore.
And Altidore for what he's done in the playoffs, scoring seven times in 10 post-season starts for the Reds.
Coach Greg Vanney for moulding this TFC side into a tactically-fluid MLS juggernaut. General manager Tim Bezbatchenko and President Bill Manning for building the scouting network that targeted the asupervisorstioned players.
With the blessing of their board, Ex-MLSE CEO Tim Leiweke will be remembered for being the patriarch of what you witnessed on the weekend.
Where would the Reds be without a man the Toronto Sun once called “The Ultimate Entertainer”?
Where would Toronto FC be if Bradley and Altidore and Giovinco and Vazquez had chosen Europe over Canada?
“We built from Michael. He's one of four guys who were a part of our team three years ago,” Vanney said. “We went through adding the right people.
“The second part is creating an environment where everyone is bought in and they feel they're a part of something special.”
While most of the questions and conversation Saturday night centered around MLS Cup, Vanney did hint the Reds aren't done.
Toronto's bench boss offered a brief reminder Toronto FC is hunting down MLS' first Champions League title in a few months.
Win that and some of those same pundits might argue Bradley isn't paid enough.
You'd get no argument from supporters in Toronto.
Declaring a victory in Syria, Putin on Monday visited a Russian military air base in the country and announced a partial pullout of Russian forces from the Mideast nation.
Russian President Vladimir Putin addresses to the troops at the Hemeimeem air base in Syria, on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. (Mikhail Klimentyev, Sputnik, Kremlin Pool Photo via AP)
Russian President Vladimir Putin declared victory against “terrorists” in Syria on Monday during a surprise visit to a Russian military base in the county, where they also announced a partial pullout of Russian troops.
It was Putin's first trip to Syria, where Russia launched an air campaign in 2015 that allowed President Bashar Assad's forces to gain the upper hand against the Islamic State group as well as Syrian rebels. It was also the first visit by a foreign head of state to war-ravaged Syria since the civil war began in 2011.
Putin's brief stop at the Hemeimeem air base in Syria's coastal province of Latakia while en route to Egypt came days after the Russian president said they would run for re-election on March 18, and helped to show off Moscow's global clout to the national audience.
In a televised speech to the Russian troops at the base, Putin hailed their “excellent” performance in Syria, where the Russian military declared victory against the Islamic State group last week.
“You have shown the best qualities of a Russian soldier — courage, valour, team spirit, decisiveness and excellent skills,” they said. “The Motherland is proud of you.”
Related: Syrian mother gets behind the wheel
Russia launched its air campaign in Syria at the end of September 2015, when Assad's government was teetering on the brink of collapse, and quickly changed the course of the conflict. Russian officials say the troops were sent to Syria mainly to fight “terrorists,” including IS and al-Qaida, but they also battled mainstream rebels opposed to the Assad family's four-decade rule.
Putin has hosted Assad twice in the past six years, including a surprise Nov. 21 visit that Assad undertook to the Black Sea resort of Sochi.
Russian television stations showed Putin walking off the plane at the air base, embracing and shaking hands with Assad. The two then visited a military operations room.
The Hemeimeem base, located in the heartland of Assad's Alawite minority, has served as the main foothold for the Russian military campaign in Syria.
“Here in Syria, far away from our borders, you helped the Syrian people to preserve their state and fend off attacks by terrorists,” Putin said, facing the troops lined up on the tarmac. “You have dealt a devastating blow to those who blatantly threatened our country. We will never forget about the victims who fell in the fight against terror both here and in Russia.”
Putin also said that they had ordered the military to withdraw a “significant part” of the Russian contingent in Syria.
“Friends, the Motherland is waiting for you,” Putin said. “You are coming back home with victory!”
They added, however, that the Russian military will maintain its presence at Hemeimeem and a naval facility in Tartus.
Gen. Sergei Surovikin, the Russian military commander in Syria, said the military will pull out 23 warplanes, two helicopter gunships, special forces units, military police and field engineers.
Surovikin said the remaining forces will be sufficient to “successfully fulfil the tasks” to stabilize the situation in Syria. They did not say how many troops and weapons would stay behind.
Syria has allowed Russia to use Hemeimeem air base indefinitely without cost. Moscow also has a deal with Syria to use the Tartus base for 49 years, which could be extended if both parties agree.
The Russian military plans to modernize the air base and expand its runways to allow it to host more warplanes. It also intends to expand the Tartus facility significantly to make it a full-scale naval base capable of hosting warships, including cruiser-sized vessels.
After seeing troops march, Putin drove up to the Russian warplanes parked on the runway and talked to the pilots, who said they will fly back home later in the day.
Syrian TV said Assad thanked Putin for their troops' “effective contribution” to the fight against terrorism in Syria, which they said the Syrian people “will never forget.”
“Syria has been saved as a sovereign, independent state, refugees are coming home and conditions have been created for a political settlement under the United Nations' auspices,” Putin said.
Insurgents still control several areas in Syria, but much of the fighting has been paused by “de-escalation” agreements brokered by Russia and Iran, which support Assad, and Turkey, which backs the rebels.
Putin told Assad they would discuss the prospects for a peace settlement with the leaders of Egypt and Turkey later Monday.
“I hope that together with Turkey and Iran we will succeed in restoring peaceful life and launch a political process to settle the situation in Syria,” Putin said.
___
Associated Press writer Albert Aji in Damascus, Syria, contributed reporting.
Vladimir Isachenkov, The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
BEIJING: The United States' measures against China's investments are against World Trade Organization rules, and China reserves the right to take countermeasures, the commerce ministry said on Thursday (May 31).
China is not willing to see an escalation in Sino-US trade frictions, and believes the two countries have a huge potential for cooperation, Ministry of Commerce spokesperson Gao Feng told reporters at a regular news briefing.
Advertisement
After trade tensions between the two countries appeared to cool following talks in Washington earlier in the month, the US on Tuesday said it still holds a threat of imposing tariffs and will press ahead with restrictions on investment by Chinese companies in the United States.
A man who climbed onto a railway line and threw stones at police who were called to deal with them has been jailed for 16 months.
Dean Stallard caused two trains in Hartlepool to be delayed, and the rocks and missiles they threw damaged a police car and a signal box.
Stallard made their way onto the line at Powlett Road following a domestic incident, Teesside Crown Court heard.
“There was a fire at their property,” said Jenny Haigh, prosecuting.
“Stallard was under investigation for that, but they will not be facing any charges for it.
“Later that morning a member of the public alerted police to a man on the railway line who was behaving erratically.
“Officers arrived to find Stallard wielding an iron bar and throwing stones, bricks, and other missiles.
“Network Rail had to suspend two services for 48 minutes while Stallard was being dealt with.”
The court heard Stallard was eventually disarmed by armed police and police carrying riot shields.
“He made no comment when interviewed,” Ms Haigh added.
Stallard, 29, of Allerton Close, Hartlepool, admitted affray and criminal damage, both on January 23.
Laurie Scott, mitigating, said: “Mr Stallard's partner continues to support him.
“If they are allowed their liberty today, they have the offer of a full-time job which is something that has been lacking in their life in the last few years.
“There are two sides to Mr Stallard, for the most part they are a devoted partner and father.
“But they change when things get on top of him, when they cannot cope they resort to drugs.
“He had taken drugs on this day and went to the railway line with the intention of taking their own life.”
Judge Simon Bourne-Arton told him: “The observation by your counsel you are a man of two sides is a correct.
“When something goes wrong you thrash about, hurting someone or damaging property.
“Essentially, you are a selfish individual.”
"I'll take this step first, take it step by step — I'd like to fight four times this year," Ramirez said. "Fighting Triple-G is possible, because I think they will move to 168 at some point.
HARTFORD TOWNSHIP, Mich. (WOOD) — Van Buren County investigators believe a 16-year-old driver from Hartford who hit and critically injured a pedestrian was distracted at the time of the crash.
It happened around 3 p.m. Friday in the 62000 block of Red Arrow Highway in Hartford Township.
Deputies say the SUV driver veered over the fog line, hitting a mailbox before striking a 46-year-old woman from Bangor, who was walking along the shoulder of the roadway.
The pedestrian was unresponsive immediately following the crash. Passersby performed CPR on them and they were breathing but unconscious when authorities arrived.
The victim was taken to a nearby hospital where they were listed in critical condition Friday evening.
Investigator says the driver and the passengers in their SUV were not injured.
The case will be forwarded to the prosecutor's office to determine if the driver will face any charges. Alcohol and drugs are not believed to be factors in the crash.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Congratulations to Vivian Zheng for wining the 2018 Charles Coop Scholarship. They completed four years of science courses and received the highest grades in those courses to earn this $5,000 award. This scholarship was created in memory of Charles Coop, who was a veteran of the Vietnam War.
CHARLESTON, S.C. — The same jury that last month unanimously found Dylann Roof guilty in the slayings of nine black parishioners at a South Carolina church is returning to court to begin contemplating their punishment.
With the 22-year-old representing himself, the process is sure to be unconventional. But even if Roof is sentenced to death, it's highly unlikely he'd be executed anytime soon.
While prosecutors plan to call up to 38 people related to the nine people killed and three who survived the June 2015 slaughter during Bible study at Emanuel AME Church in Charleston, Roof said last week they plan on calling no witnesses and presenting no evidence.
Roof was found guilty last month on 33 federal charges, including hate crimes and obstruction of the practice of religion. A jury took less than three hours to return its verdict, and a judge dismissed the jury for a break over the holidays.
Typically in what's known as the sentencing phase, defence attorneys call relatives and other witnesses to testify about their client's unsteady state of mind before and during the crimes. Given that background, the defence hopes, a jury might be more likely to spare the defendant's life and opt against the death penalty.
But Roof, who is acting as their own attorney, has said they plan to do no such thing.
In their journal, which was read in court during their trial, Roof said their doesn't believe in psychology, which they called “a Jewish invention” that “does nothing but invent diseases and tell people they have problems when they don't.”
Roof also seems to be determined to try to keep evidence embarrassing to them or their family out. Not only did they take over their own defence, but they asked the judge at a hearing Wednesday if they could file a motion limiting what prosecutors can introduce.
Roof also was adamant that a transcript of a hearing where they were found mentally competent not be released to the public.
“I know this is not a legal argument, but the unsealing of the competency hearing defeats the purpose of me representing myself,” Roof said at last week's hearing.
Neither Roof, nor U.S. District Judge Richard Gergel nor prosecutors have given specifics on the evidence Roof is objecting to.
On Thursday, Gergel ordered another competency evaluation of Roof “in an abundance of caution,” after their standby counsel filed a sealed motion again questioning Roof's mental ability to proceed. The judge's order specified they saw no reason to delay Tuesday's start of the penalty phase.
On Monday, over the objection of an attorney representing media outlets including The Associated Press, Gergel ordered the competency hearing to be closed to the public. Saying he'd have to sequester jurors if they opened up the proceedings, the judge promised to release a transcript after Roof is sentenced.
“This is an incredibly sensitive moment in this proceeding,” Gergel said. “We are putting in the hands of 12 people the life and death of a person.”
Roof's lawyers tried repeatedly both to stop them from being their own lawyer and to work mental health-related evidence into the first phase of their trial, saying they feared Roof fired them because they feared the attorneys would present evidence that would embarrass them when trying to save their lives.
Prosecutors objected at every turn, and Gergel wouldn't allow any of it into court, ruling mitigation evidence is allowable during sentencing and not before.
Court papers show prosecutors are expected to present evidence showing that Roof picked their victims because of their race, killed them to incite more violence, showed no remorse and killed three particularly vulnerable people who were 70 years old or older.
Evidence speaking to Roof's mental state, one expert argues, could make the difference between life and death.
“The Dylann Roof case is a classic example of the type of problem you can have when an obviously mentally ill or emotionally disturbed defendant is permitted to represent himself,” said Robert Dunham, executive director of the Death Penalty Information Center. “There's a huge difference in the eyes of a jury between someone they perceive as evil or despicable and someone they perceive as being seriously mentally ill. ... If you take mental health out of it, you are putting a thumb on the scale of death.”
Both the judge's decision to allow Roof to represent themselves and waive the introduction of mental health evidence are sure to be raised in an inevitable appeal, Dunham argued.
Roof also faces nine murder charges in state court, where prosecutors have also said they will seek the death penalty in a trial likely to begin sometime next year.
Whether he's sentenced to death or not, it's unlikely Roof would be executed anytime soon, in either jurisdiction. The federal government hasn't executed anyone since 2003, and there are years of appeals between a death sentence being levied and carried out.
South Carolina's death chamber hasn't been used since 2011, due at least in part to a lack of availability for the drugs the state uses for lethal injection.
Associated Press writer Jeffrey Collins contributed to this report.
Harvey Weinstein declined Wednesday to testify before the New York grand jury that is weighing whether to indict them on rape and other sex charges, with their lawyers saying there wasn't enough time to prepare and "political pressure" made an indictment unavoidable.
A statement issued through a Weinstein spokesperson said the former movie mogul learned the specific charges and the accusers' identities only after turning themselves on Friday, with a deadline set for Wednesday afternoon to testify or not. Their request for more time was denied, the statement said.
"Finally, Mr. Weinstein's attorneys noted that regardless of how compelling Mr. Weinstein's personal testimony might be, an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Cy Vance to secure a conviction of Mr. Weinstein," the statement said, referring to Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr.
Their office declined to comment.
Weinstein was charged Friday with rape and criminal sex act charges involving two women in New York, as a grand jury continued hearing evidence in the case; the panel has been at work for weeks. Defendants have the right to testify in a grand jury's secret proceedings but often don't, for various reasons.
Weinstein faces rape and criminal sex act charges involving two women in New York. Dozens more women have accused them of sexual misconduct ranging from harassment to assault in various locales.
They have denied all allegations of nonconsensual sex, and their lawyer, Benjamin Brafman, said Tuesday that Weinstein was "confident he's going to clear their name" in the New York prosecution.
Brafman called the rape allegation "absurd," saying that the accuser and Weinstein had a decade-long, consensual sexual relationship that continued after the alleged 2013 attack.
The woman, who hasn't been identified publicly, told investigators Weinstein confined them in a hotel room and raped them
The other accuser in the case, former actor Lucia Evans, has gone public with their account of Weinstein forcing them to perform oral sex at their office in 2004. The Associated Press does not identify alleged victims of sexual assaults unless they come forward publicly.
Vance, a Democrat, came under public pressure from women's groups to prosecute Weinstein after declining to do so in 2015, when an Italian model went to police to say Weinstein had groped them during a meeting.
Police set up a sting in which the woman recorded themselves confronting Weinstein and them apologizing for their conduct. But Vance decided there wasn't enough evidence to bring charges.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo, also a Democrat, ordered the state attorney general to investigate how Vance handled that matter.
Janelle Bynum, a state representative from Oregon who is black, said they were going door-to-door to talk with constituents when one of those constituents called the police on her, thinking their actions were "suspicious."
Bynum is running for reelection in November, and posted about the experience to Facebook on Tuesday.
"Big shout out to Officer Campbell who responded professionally to someone who said that I was going door to door and spending a lot of time typing on my cell phone after each house—- aka canvassing and keeping account of what my community cares about!" they wrote.
The incident happened around 5:10 p.m. Tuesday after Bynum had visited nearly 30 homes in Clackamas, Ore., OregonLive reports.
Them reaction when they saw the deputy pull up: "I don't believe this," the publication reports.
They learned through speaking with the deputy that a woman had called police thinking Bynum was casing the neighborhood.
The incident ended in an apology from the concerned resident and a selfie featuring Bynum and the responding officer — both all smiles.
Bynum told OregonLive that they did not know the race of the caller or where the woman lived, but was able to speak with the person on the phone. The woman said they called police out of concern for their neighborhood.
Bynum told the publication that they understood the concern, but wished the resident would have spoken with them directly or through a neighbor, instead of going directly to police.
"When people do things like this, it can be dangerous for people like me," they recalled telling the responding officer.
Portland, Oregon, City Council candidate Loretta Smith, who is friends with Bynum, connected Bynum's experience with a recent incident at Portland State University.
In that incident, police shot and killed Jason Washington, a legally armed black man who witnesses say was trying to break up a fight near the college campus.
"This coming on the heels of the shooting of Jason Washington, I think it's ‘here we go again,'" Smith said. "We're wracked by these racial injustices in our backyard. I know Oregon can do better. I know Portland can do better.”
National outrage has been sparked multiple times in recent weeks over examples of police intervention in non-violent incidents involving minorities — particularly children.
In late June, a neighbor called the cops on a 12-year-old and their summer grass-cutting crew in a Cleveland suburb.
Around the same date, a white woman went viral for appearing to call the police on an 8-year-old black girl selling water without a permit in California.
"We all know that we're not in a society that is perfect, and we have wounded that still need to heal, but at the end of the day, I want to know my kids can walk down the street without fear," Bynum told OregonLive.
Contributing: Sara Roth and John Tierney, KGW-TV
Janelle Bynum, D, District 51
Special to the Statesman Journal
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Unsurprisingly, Hollywood gentleman and all-round Mr Nice Guy, Tom Hanks, doesn't take kindly to those in power tinkering with the truth. Which is why their latest film, The Post, now available on DVD, Blu-Ray and Digital couldn't really be any timelier.
It's well-known that history has a nasty habit of repeating itself, and yet Tom Hanks' new film The Post is such a timely reminder of that fact, it's almost supernatural. “It's as simple as making a movie based in 1971, yet we may as well be making a movie about what's happening right now,” Hanks begins. “All this time goes on and nothing really changes.”
Portraying Ben Bradlee, the Executive Editor of The Washington Post, they take the position of a man who must decide, alongside with the newspapers owner/publisher Katherine Graham (Meryl Streep), whether or not to go public with sensitive information the newspaper obtained, in what later came to be known as The Pentagon Papers. This retelling of true events is an Edward Snowden-like treasure trove of a classified government study relating to the Vietnam War, and just as it rocked America back at the start of the 1970s, so too do we wonder what skeletons lurk in the closets of the current administration.
Directed by Steven Spielberg, the film offers a thrilling window into an era when the press was under constant assault from those in authority, and where editors were faced with the moral dilemma of either hushing up, or heading to the unemployment office. And while these days the internet age has made information far more accessible, which, an ideal world, would make the truth easier to grasp, the reality is far more complex, as the US government battles media outlets on what President Donald Trump likes to call “fake news”.
Media savvy and with their reputation as a Hollywood icon to protect, the 61-year-old two-time Oscar winner isn't about to start tearing into the 45th President of The United States. They will, however, give an honest and intelligent comparison between then and now. “What the current administration is doing is maybe subtler than what happened to The Washington Post back then, because if they were to attempt to shut down… if they were to attempt to silence an organisation today, it would be total consternation,” they explain.
“What the current administration is doing is far more insidious in its assault. It's putting the idea out there, that these are not the truths, and diluting the waters. It's muddying the waters by delegitimising the truth and this is why when telling the truth in this form, there cannot be a sliver of question, a sliver of doubt. It has to be concrete and entirely encased, because if not, it gives this opportunity to seize upon that and run with it.
“So journalism has to get it right,” Hanks concludes, “because if you get it right, you can't argue with it. You can have a different opinion, but you can't argue with it.”
Articulate affable and incredibly likeable, it isn't hard to understand how Hanks has remained such a big draw for all these years. Indeed, even the doyenne of modern cinema and Hanks' co-star in the film, Meryl Streep, has only the highest praise for the Forrest Gump star. “He really drives the scenes he's in and they never makes a mistake. In every scene he's always word-perfect and finds the right level, which means that you have to step up to match him. They also have the crackling wit and the demanding side of (Ben Bradlee's) personality that wants more, more, more from everybody, and that's very sexy,” observes the actor wryly, adding with a smile: “People will be surprised that they have that quality.”
What's more surprising, is that this is the first time Streep has worked with either Hanks or Spielberg, and arguably the convergence of such tremendous talent drives The Post to very of top of the must-see list. For their part, Streep play formidable publisher Katherine Graham, with grace and verve, allowing both their ferocity and vulnerability to shine through.
A sizeable chunk of the film is devoted to their inner turmoil, as they grapple with their moral obligation to their readership, and the inevitable fallout which could lead to the entire paper's demise, were they to publish – The New York Times had already been publicly penalised for printing just a small portion of the documents.
Given the political mire currently engulfing global politics, not just that of the US, plus the current fallout over gender equality and sexual harassment cases in Hollywood and, again, beyond, you get the feeling that society perhaps hasn't progressed as much as it ought to have done. Though just as in the same way that every President doesn't set out to deceive their nation, so too are there many successful male actors who have always regarded their female contemporaries with the upmost respect, and when asked for their two cents on the hottest topic in Hollywood, Hanks replies humbly:
“I'm coming at it from a different perspective it because I have had many brilliant, direct bosses in Penny Marshall, Amy Pascal, Nora Ephron, Stacey Snider and others. And I've had the good fortune of working for these women who have given me my break in my career… who have steered my trajectory.”
And the respect flows down, too – indeed, as the father of four grown-up children, the youngest of which, Truman Theodore, is 22, the California native is well-versed in the ways of the younger generation, and has great faith in them. “There's a lot to be said, a lot of hope and optimism pinned on the millennial generation. From my personal experience in my own home, they are the generation who have grown up with an intentioned adherence and awareness of equality and, moving forward, I see how their attitude will shape the state of the world and society for the better,” they say proudly. “I have absolutely no doubt about that.”
That said, it would appear their offspring's social media habits have not yet worn off on Hanks, as they admit to eschewing digital media in favour of “tangible, physical copy”.
“Well, I had every app, every news update bombarding my phone, my computer… and they are constant. And because of the volume coming at me, I never found myself reading anything more than the headlines – no more than a quick scan. And therefore, I was missing the point, missing so much,” they say fervently.
“So now I read The New York Times, cover to cover, every morning. It used to be my morning ritual, technology interfered, and now, I have thankfully gone back. It works for me. I would prefer to be more informed about particular news events, fully informed, rather than knowing about everything but having a shallow understanding.”
This should hardly come as a surprise from a man who is well-known for their vast collection of vintage typewriters. Indeed, so fond is they of the manual device, they wrote a book devoted to them, titled Uncommon Type. And from this we can conclude that just like the typewriter, Hanks is not old fashioned or out of touch, he's just a rare classic.
Karen Anne Overton
The Apapa Command of the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) generated N31 billion in January, up from N25.9 billion recorded in the corresponding period of 2017.
The Public Relations Officer of the command, Mrs Nkiru Nwalla, made this known in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos on Friday.
According to her, the annual revenue target of the command for 2018 is N426 billion, while the monthly target stands at N36 billion.
They attributed the increase in revenue generated in January to the leadership qualities of the Customs Area Controller, Comptroller Jibrin Musa.
“Comptroller Musa has always insisted that officers should block all revenue leakages and also encourages officers to work an extra mile by engaging in physical examination.
“He ensures that officers follow the due process of cargo clearing procedures and are convinced of proper declarations.
“The comptroller has always ensured that all revenue meant for government are recovered.
“There is maximum collaboration among all the Customs unit at the command in ensuring no revenue loss by government,'' Nwalla said.
They said the command did not allow the constant gridlock in Apapa to affect its legitimate duties.
The spokesperson said that the command would redouble its efforts and re-strategise to ensure it surpassed its annual revenue target.
They also attributed the increase in revenue collection to constant interaction with the stakeholders.
Nwalla said apart from monthly stakeholders meeting, the command had introduced WhatsApp platform for officers to communicate effectively with the stakeholders.
She, however, urged stakeholders operating within the command to improve on honest declaration for seamless cargo clearance.
Northern Nigeria's foremost Islamic group, the Jamaatu Nasril Islam (JNI), has condemned the resurgence of violence in Plateau State.
The group called on the state and federal governments to “wake up” and stop further killings and destruction.
Several persons, including two soldiers, were killed last week in renewed violence in Miango and Bassa communities in the state.
The clashes, according to the Nigerian Army, were mostly between herdsmen and locals.
JNI in a statement Monday signed by its Secretary-General, Khalid Aliyu, said it “received with grave concern, the news of premeditated killings of innocent persons and destruction of properties worth millions in Bassa Local Government Area of Plateau State on Wednesday, 14th March 2018, as well as Rukuba Chiefdom in the same Bassa Local Government Area.”
It said attacks and counter attacks were carried out repeatedly and that they received reports showing that “over 150 houses have been alighted as animals were not spared, just as numerous persons were annihilated”.
JNI said the narrative it received was both gory and disheartening.
“As a result of which many persons are now displaced in their homelands. Therefore, JNI condemns in strong terms the heinous attacks in their totality”.
The group said it expects the state and federal governments through their respective relevant agencies “to wake up to their respective responsibilities of protecting lives and properties, especially that Plateau State is just coming out of the shocks of crisis in the recent past…”
JNI said the carnage in Plateau must be stopped, as human lives are sacred and must be seen to be treated so.
“The Wednesday 14th March, 2018 attacks and follow-up reprisals may take over towns and villages by miscreants which in itself portends danger to the state, because from all indications it is looking like a pre-planned guerrilla attacks,” the group said.
JNI implored security agencies to be cautious so as “not to be seen to take side with any warring parties, no matter the provocation. Simply, rules of engagement must remain their watchword.”
It also called for concerted introspection, as the phenomenon again and again points to the fact that there is the urgent need for proactive and effective ways of addressing these precarious upheavals.
The group said perpetrators of the attacks must be fished out.
“Likewise, the way media houses do always take sides at the detriment of innocent souls is gruesome and unfair to human life.
“In fact, in this case ,the whole unfortunate attacks were downplayed, thus we call for investigative as well as balanced reportage,” it said.
While condoling with the families of the affected victims, the people as well as the government of Plateau State, JNI called on all concerned to eschew bitterness and live peacefully with one another.
It also called on the government to provide relief materials to all affected victims as they are now in utmost need for such.
“Similarly, the need for an all encompassing surveillance in flash points on the Plateau cannot be over-emphasised, to avoid a recurrence,” JNI said.
Photo by ​Johnny Buzzerio
Alice in Chains have revealed a new run of North American tour dates for next year. The 12-city journey launches in Boston on April 28th and includes stops in Toronto, Atlanta, New York, and Chicago. Also on the docket are stops at festivals like Caroline Rebellion and Rock on the Range.
The band is reportedly working on their follow-up to 2011's The Devil Put Dinosaurs Here, so they could have new music to debut on this upcoming trek. Find the band's complete itinerary below.
Alice in Chains 2018 Tour Dates:
04/28 – Boston, MA @ House of Blues
04/30 – Syracuse, NY @ Landmark Theatre
05/01 – Toronto, ON @ Massey Hall
05/03 – Washington DC @ Anthem
05/04 – Charlotte, NC @ Carolina Rebellion
05/07 – New York, NY @ Hammerstein Ballroom
05/10 – Atlanta, GA @ Coca-Cola Roxy
05/13 – Somerset, WI @ Northern Invasion
05/15 – Chicago, IL @ Riviera Theatre
05/16 – South Bend, IN @ Morris Performing Arts Center
05/18 – Columbus, OH @ Rock on the Range
05/19 – Philadelphia, PA @ WMMR BBQ
06/21 – Halden, NO @ Tons of Rock Festival
Jerome Ponce never left Mika Reyes' side when the former La Salle blocker recieved a citation from the Philippine Sportswriters Association (PSA) Monday night at the Le Pavillion in Pasay City.
Dashing in black suit, the good-looking actor served as Reyes' date as they were named Ms. Volleyball by the country's oldest media organization.
Reyes stole the thunder when they showed up in an elegant maroon gown, making them the loveliest awardee among the best athletes in the country of the past year, including Rio Olympics silver medalist Hidilyn Diaz of weighlifting and fellow Olympian Ian Larriba of table tennis
The show stopped when Reyes walked down the red carpet, prompting sportswriters to take a picture with them
Ponce said their girlfriend deserves everything they have right now.
“Well syempre they deserve it, they deserve kung ano man ang pinaghirapan niya.” “Well syempre they deserve it, they deserve kung ano man ang pinaghirapan niya.” “No one knows kung anong pinagdaanan niya except siya lang. May kinwento naman siya some sa akin but that's already too much for me, ‘yung some na ‘yun na naging efforts niya at hirap niya sobra na sa akin kaya para sa akin they deserve it.”
Ponce, whose rose to fame began when they played the role of Luke in the hit noon-time show ‘Be Careful With My Heart', was also Reyes' chief defender in social media.
“Para sa akin wala naman magbabago, mabasa mo man o hindi (ang nasa social media), siguro ‘yung nga taong may pakialam lang sa mga bashers (ang maaapektuhan) kaya lagi ko sinasabi sa kanya baliwalain na lang niya.”
Although speculations are pregnant that Reyes is on their way to enter the door of showbiz, Ponce said it may not be their cup of tea.
They smiled from afar as Reyes was being mobbed by sportswriters, who are looking to score an interview.
“Hindi naman kami nag-uusap regarding that (Mika entering showbiz) and mukhang hindi naman siya interesado, minsan pa-joke joke pero hindi talaga,”
When Reyes was finally done with all the interviews and requests for selfies, Ponce politely left and extended their arm for their girlfriend to hold on.
They were smiling at each other.
They were obviously in-love.
Then, the power couple quietly walked away and disappeared into the glitz and glamour of the starry night.
ARBIL, Iraq: Western support for military action against the Islamic State group is key to preventing attacks at home, French President Francois Hollande said on Monday (Jan 2) in Iraq, where yet another bombing killed dozens.
A suicide bomber detonated an explosives-laden car on a square in Baghdad's Sadr City neighbourhood, killing at least 32 people in the latest attack on the Iraqi capital claimed by IS.
Later the interior ministry said militants wearing suicide vests stormed a police station in the city of Samarra north of Baghdad, sparking clashes. There were no immediate reports of casualties, but IS said it was also behind the Samarra attack.
France, one of the most active members of the US-led coalition fighting the Sunni extremist group, is particularly concerned over the return of a large contingent of French militants from Syria and Iraq.
"Taking action against terrorism here in Iraq is also preventing acts of terrorism on our own soil," they said at a base where French soldiers have been training elite Iraqi forces.
Hollande, the only major Western head of state to have visited Baghdad since the coalition was set up in 2014, stressed that supporting Iraq was one of the surest ways of securing Europe.
Of European countries targeted by attacks claimed or inspired by IS, France has been the worst hit, but there have also been attacks in Belgium and Germany.
Besides the defeated militants expected to return to Europe, radicalised children who grew up in the "caliphate" IS proclaimed in 2014 are also seen as ticking bombs.
"We will have to deal with the issue of the return of foreign fighters ... who committed crimes, who brought their families with them, including in some cases very young children," Hollande said.
Since it joined the United States in the coalition in September 2014, France says its warplanes have conducted 5,700 sorties, around 1,000 strikes and destroyed more than 1,700 targets.
'BEFORE SUMMER'
France has 14 Rafale warplanes taking part in coalition operations from Jordan and the United Arab Emirates.
It also has 500 soldiers training and advising elite Iraqi forces and CAESAR artillery vehicles stationed south of Mosul to support ongoing operations to retake the city.
Hollande met Iraqi President Fuad Masum, a Kurd, and Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi, from the largest Shiite political bloc, and called for reconciliation and unity after IS is defeated.
They then flew to the northern city of Arbil, capital of Iraq's autonomous Kurdish region, where they met local leader Massud Barzani.
They said just before leaving Iraq that they were told that the battle to retake Mosul, the last major militant stronghold in the country, could last several more months.
"It was confirmed to us that we could possibly achieve this goal in spring, in any case before summer," they said.
Hollande added that the focus would then move to Raqa, IS's other major bastion, in neighbouring Syria.
"If Daesh is eradicated in Iraq but remains in Syria, we know full well that acts will be carried out here in the Middle East but also on our own soil in France, in Europe," they said.
IS BOMBINGS
Hollande began their trip at a base near Baghdad where French forces are training Iraq's elite Counter-Terrorism Service, which has spearheaded most major anti-IS operations in Iraq since 2014.
It was CTS that first breached Mosul's city limits late last year in an effort to retake it from IS.
But the going has been tough for Iraqi forces, partly because hundreds of thousands of civilians have remained in the city, slowing their advance.
Abadi had promised their forces would rid Iraq of IS by the end of 2016, but last week said three more months would be needed to achieve that goal.
Some observers argue that the new timeline remains ambitious, given the continued IS presence in other parts of the country.
Hollande predicted Monday that 2017 would be "a year of victories against terrorism" but, while its "caliphate" appears doomed, IS still has the ability to sow chaos by attacking softer targets.
A suicide car bombing claimed by IS killed at least 32 people and wounded more than 60 on Monday in Baghdad's Shiite-majority district of Sadr City.
Police said the bomber struck on a square where daily labourers were awaiting work, causing one of the highest casualty tolls in Baghdad in months.
The militants claimed another bombing on Saturday that killed at least 27 people in central Baghdad.
A US State Department statement branded the attacks "vicious acts of mass murder" and "a sobering reminder of the need to continue coalition operations" against IS.
WASHINGTON: Fired FBI director James Comey admitted on Thursday (Jun 8) they leaked their personal notes on their meetings with President Donald Trump in hopes it would prompt the naming of a special prosecutor to lead the Russia probe.
Comey's decision to go public came in the days after their May 9 sacking by Trump amid rising tensions over the FBI's probe into Russia's attempt to influence the outcome of the 2016 election.
The former director told the Senate Intelligence Committee it was set off by Trump's tweet on May 12 warning that Comey had "better hope that there are no 'tapes' of our conversation before they start leaking to the press."
"I woke up in the middle of the night on Monday night, because it didn't dawn on me originally, there might be corroboration, a tape," they said. "And my judgment was I need to get that out into the public square."
So they turned to a friend, a professor at Columbia Law School, and asked them to share their written recollection of those conversations with a reporter.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"I didn't do it myself for a variety of reasons," Comey told the Senate Intelligence Committee. "But I asked them to, because I thought that might prompt the appointment of a special counsel."
Democrats had called for a special prosecutor to take over the Russia probe from the Justice Department, and those calls grew after Comey's shock firing.
On May 16, The New York Times published a report based on the Comey memo, and the following day, former FBI director Robert Mueller was named special counsel to take over the investigation.
Comey explained that they didn't release the memos themselves because, with the press camped outside their house, "I worried it would be feeding seagulls at the beach."
Comey began taking detailed notes of their interactions with Trump after a one-on-one White House dinner Jan 27 in which the president pressed Comey on their need for loyalty.
"I was honestly concerned they might lie about the nature of our meeting, so I thought it really important to document," Comey said.
Asked about Trump's tweet, Comey said, "I've seen the tweet about tapes. Lordy, I hope there are tapes."
More children are being placed in the foster care system, but there aren't as many homes being licensed to take them in.
We asked the state about it and learned the number of Hawaii children steadily increased from 2,139 in 2014 to 2,508 in 2016.
The number of licensed foster care providers during that time also went up from 988 to 1,061.
We wanted to find out more about the system after reporting on the death of a Hawaii island toddler while they were under foster care.
Fabian Garett-Garcia died July 25 at a hospital in Waimea. They were three years old. Autopsy results have not been released, so it's still not known how they died.
The state's Child Welfare Services Branch isn't allowed to comment on specific cases, but we wanted to know what the requirements are to become foster parents, also known as resource caregivers.
The first thing is they cannot have criminal records that involve violence or sex crimes.
“Those are criminal convictions for physical like battery, assault, sex crimes, rape, pornography along those lines,” explained Cynthia Goss, assistant administrator of the Child Welfare Services Branch. “No matter how long ago it happened.”
Social workers visit the home to make sure it is suitable for children.
Foster parents are also required to go through six sessions of training for a total of 15 hours as part of the licensing process. Another six hours of training is mandatory every year.
Goss says it can take up to eight months to get applicants to go through the vetting and training process.
Kauai, Maui, and Hawaii island are where the state needs foster parents the most.
“It's a tough job. We really respect the work that our resource caregivers, we consider them part of our team because they take care of our kids so it is tough,” Goss said.
Licensed caregivers get a stipend from the state of $576 to $676 a month for each child, depending on the child's age, and a clothing allowance of up to $600 a year.
Foster parents can also be eligible for difficulty of care payments of up to $570 a month if the child needs extra support or care.
TOWN OF TONAWANDA, N.Y. (WIVB) — A vehicle crashed into the Burger King at the corner of Delaware Ave. and Sheridan Dr.
It is not clear what caused the crash, but Town of Tonawanda police were seen responding to the restaurant.
News 4 will provide more information as soon as it is available.
Crash scene View as list View as gallery Open Gallery
ROME: An Italian man opened fire on African migrants in the central city of Macerata on Saturday (Feb 3), injuring several people, police said, in an attack that appeared to be racially motivated.
The shootings happened just days after a Nigerian migrant was arrested in connection with the death of an 18-year-old Italian woman, whose dismembered body was discovered hidden in two suitcases near Macerata.
The incident looks certain to jolt campaigning for a Mar 4 national election, with a centre-right alliance that leads in the polls promoting a fiercely anti-migrant programme.
Local media reported that at least six migrants were shot by a man firing out of a car window as they drove around Macerata, which is located about 200km east of Rome.
Police later said they had arrested an Italian man and published a photo of him, with an Italian flag draped over their shoulders, being taken away by armed officers.
Italian police said they have arrested a man suspected of opening fire on foreigners from a vehicle on Feb 3, 2018. (Photo: AFP/Sebastien Casteran)
Advertisement
Advertisement
State television Rai said they were a 28-year-old from Macerata and that a pistol had been discovered in their Alfa Romeo car.
Police said one of the injured foreigners needed surgery, but gave no further details.
Local witnesses said a man fired out of their car window at two young African migrants shortly after 1000 GMT (6.00pm Singapore time), wounding one of them. A short while later there were reports of further drive-by shootings in the city.
Right-wing politicians campaigning ahead of next month's vote had leapt on the gruesome death of the teenager Pamela Mastropietro to promote their anti-migrant message.
A preliminary postmortem on the teenager could not immediately identify their cause of death. The Nigerian suspect, who was denied asylum last year but has remained in Italy, has refused to talk to police.
"What was this worm still doing in Italy?" Matteo Salvini, head of the far-right League, wrote on Facebook, accusing the centre-left government of responsibility over Mastropietro's death for allowing migrants to stay in the country.
"The left has blood on its hands," they wrote.
Magistrates say witnesses saw the Nigerian suspect carrying the suitcases that were later found to contain the teenager's body. They also found blood-stained clothes and knives in their possession.
More than 600,000 mainly African migrants have reached Italy by boat over the past four years. The centre-right bloc, which includes the League, says the vast majority have no right to asylum and has promised mass expulsions if it takes power.
Leftist parties have ruled out any such deportations.
"The news from Macerata leaves me horrified and shocked. We must stop this spiral of hate and violence," said Pietro Grasso, who is the head of the Free and Equal party.
Every mom knows that learning to multitask is essential to maintaining sanity, especially while breastfeeding. Though it's sweet to occasionally gaze into your child's eyes while they latch and savor the indescribable connection you have as a mother, other times you just need to scroll on your phone and get some work done while your kid gets fed. And while breastfeeding can be challenging enough on its own, this viral video of a mom breastfeeding while doing a handstand will actually blow your mind.
Carlee Benear, a 30-year-old mother-of-three from The Woodlands, Texas, is the yogi superstar that made it all happen. They originally posted the video of themselves doing a handstand with their daughter latched the entire time on Valentine's Day this year, but the video is still making the rounds for impressed onlookers and critics (there's a mom breastfeeding anywhere but alone in their bedroom, what else did you expect?).
The Daily Mail reported that Benear actually struggled with postpartum depression, and turned to a yoga practice to help them get back on their feet (or, ahem, their hands) as well as to make breastfeeding easier. (Benear did not immediately respond to a request for comment.) "Breastfeeding yoga has helped me combat postpartum depression and has made my breastfeeding journey free of any bumps in the road, such as mastitis, worry of lacking in supply, getting over those first few weeks of tenderness, let down control and the stresses of being needed around the clock- to name a few," they shared on Instagram.
Though that particular video has been getting the most attention, Benear regularly updates their Instagram page with videos of themselves doing breastfeeding yoga, as well as pictures of their kids, who sometimes even try yoga themselves. They post inspirational messages to fellow parents about self-care and wellbeing, saying on a recent post:
As parents, we are responsible for the health and well-being of our children. Part of that is supporting their emotional well-being as well, but we can't do that when we're tapped out. As the saying goes, 'You can't pour from an empty cup.' Our children's well-being is dependent on our ability to care for ourselves and meet our own needs.
Part of that health also includes insulating oneself from the onslaught of criticism that new moms tend to receive. The comments on Benear's video range from supportive and positive (many laude them for their "amazing" skill and parenting techniques) while others are less open-minded ("... It's strange. And I am a mother myself and don't feel the need to show the world," one commenter said).
New Video HD on YouTube
However, many people are still very ignorant when it comes to normalizing breastfeeding. Celebrities like April Love Geary recently got flak for not covering their whole chest while breastfeeding, and Pink also mentioned how they deal with people who disapprove of them breastfeeding their son: "I'm feeding my kid. Would you rather them scream? Because he's very capable of that, too," they said on a recent episode of the Ellen show.
Yoga can be an important and empowering part of recovering from birth, as well as making the adjustment into new motherhood. Healthline reported that after giving birth, levels of the hormone relaxin (which loosens joints as well as widens hips and the birth canal) will be higher than normal for at least six months (or more, if breastfeeding) making your joints looser but less stable. This means that while yoga can definitely be important, new moms should always err on the side of caution while reintroducing their bodies to activity that requires so much stretching and movement. There are even specific poses recommended for postpartum moms.
Either way, finding one's way into new motherhood is a totally unique journey. It's cool to see moms like Benear not being afraid to share their own story with the world.
Check out Romper's new video series, Bearing The Motherload, where disagreeing parents from different sides of an issue sit down with a mediator and talk about how to support (and not judge) each other's parenting perspectives. New episodes air Mondays on Facebook.
Once called the "Dutchmen" because of their large noses and large bellies, proboscis monkeys live only in Borneo. Ecosystems that have a lot of diverse animals, like this monkey, also tend to have a lot of diverse viruses.
Pygmy elephants. Monkeys with noses the size of beer cans. And a deer so small you could cradle it like a baby.
And right there, sitting on a leaf, is the strangest bug we've ever seen.
“Check out the size of it,” says virus hunter Kevin Olival as they pick up a ginormous roly-poly. “It's the size of a ping-pong ball!”
We're in the middle of Malaysia's Borneo rain forest. Olival has brought us here because this is the type of place where pandemics are born. HIV came from a rain forest. So did Ebola. Yellow fever. And Zika.
The next troubling outbreak could come from a rain forest like this. And a big reason why: all the crazy animals that live here.
Rain forests are the world's secret laboratory — where evolution experiments with body shapes, sizes and colors. Maybe if a monkey gets a giant schnoz, he'll have a better time finding love?
The result is a biological bonanza. “It's a biodiversity hot spot,” says Olival, an ecologist and evolutionary biologist with the U.S.-based nonprofit EcoHealth Alliance.
This rich diversity in the rain forest doesn't apply to just creatures we can see. It also applies to creatures we can't see. Microcreatures. Nanocreatures. You guessed it: viruses.
New world order
The world is now in uncharted territory when it comes to infectious diseases. We're facing a whole new era. Over the past century, the number of new infectious diseases cropping up each year has nearly quadrupled. The number of outbreaks per year has more than tripled.
In the U.S., we have seen more than a dozen new human diseases appear over the past 25 years. For instance, a killer tick-borne virus showed up in Kansas in 2014. A new type of leprosy dismembered a man in Arizona in 2002. And a new hemorrhagic fever jumped from rodents into people, killing three women in California in 1999 — to name just a few.
But it's the tropical rain forest that is the most worrisome to many scientists like Olival.
Wearing a headlamp and a khaki shirt with the words “Virus Hunter” embroidered on the back, Olival looks like Indiana Jones' nerdy brother.  They are constantly talking about how much they love bats and admits they picked up their future wife by wowing them with their bat knowledge. But at the end of day, they are a global treasure hunter. They fly around the world collecting undiscovered viruses — and they focus their hunt on viruses with the potential to kill.
It's part of a $200 million project called PREDICT, sponsored by the U.S. government and led by University of California, Davis, School of Veterinary Medicine. The goal is to figure out the viruses that are lurking inside animals around the world. So we are ready when a new and potentially harmful virus jumps from animals into people and causes an outbreak. In other words, Olival wants to find the next pandemic virus before it finds us.
Little puppy face
Olival and their team are out here in Borneo setting up traps to catch animals. On the ground, they set up little metal boxes, each about the size of a Coke bottle, to catch rodents, shrews and those tiny rabbit-size deer. And they have strung thin nylon nets high in the trees, like giant spiderwebs.
“We've got one,” yells Olival's colleague Jimmy Lee, a virologist with EcoHealth Alliance. We rush over to one of the nets. Dangling in the middle is one of the most beautiful sights to a virus hunter: a bat.
Lee puts on thick gloves and starts to untangle the bat from the net. “They can bite,” they say, as they hold the little creature gently in their hands. It's not much bigger than a grapefruit.
One glimpse at the bat's face, and my heart melted. “He has a little puppy face, doesn't he?” Olival asks.
And it's true. The bat — a short-nose fruit bat — looks uncannily like a brown puppy. It is incredibly cute, especially as it wraps its wings around its body like a little blanket. But you wouldn't want to snuggle with this little guy.
Bats are arguably one of the most dangerous animals in the world. They carry a daunting list of killer viruses. They triggered the Ebola outbreak in West Africa. They very likely launched a pandemic of killer pneumonia back in 2003, called SARS. And they're behind one of the viruses scientists think could cause a nasty pandemic: Nipah.
Bats carry viruses all over their bodies. In their spit. Their blood. And their poop. Because they fly, bats can spread these viruses across huge distances. So when there are bats in the sky, there could be Ebola in the poop that lands on your shoulder.
Olival and Lee lay the bat on small table, gently spread its wings open and then prick it to get a few drops of blood. They also take a smidge of saliva and then do a quick rectal swab.
“That's the worse part,” Olival chuckles. Then they let the bat go.
Lee puts the samples in test tubes and drops them into liquid nitrogen. He'll take them back to the lab, extract genetic material to see if any of it looks like something they haven't seen before.
So far, Olival and Lee's team have trapped and sampled more than 1,300 animals in Malaysia. Globally, the PREDICT team has sampled more than 74,000 animals.
Not everyone is a fan of the project. Some infectious disease scientists think creating a long list of viruses isn't very helpful. They say money could be better spent on diseases we actually have now instead of trying to guess which ones might become a problem someday.
And even if scientists could predict when an outbreak is likely to happen, it might not, says Michael Osterholm, who directs the Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy in Minneapolis.
“I don't think the actual premise for the PREDICT project — that it will make us better prepared for a pandemic — holds water,” Osterholm says.
For example, in 2012 scientists predicted that the deadly H5N1 flu was about to jump from birds into people. “Did we do anything to prepare, like make a new or better flu vaccine?” Osterholm asks. “No.”
We're not even making vaccines for viruses that we know are threats, that are regularly killing people, they say. “How are we going to convince people to invest money into a virus from the remote jungle for which we have no evidence that it has caused any human illness?”
1,000 viruses found
The next morning, we meet up with Olival at a quiet spot on the edge of the rain forest.  They are going to show us what their team has found in all these bats and other animals in Borneo. They open up their laptop and pulls up data from Malaysia.
It's a bit eye-opening. “We've found 48 new viruses. And 16 that were already known,” Olival says as they scroll down a large spreadsheet. There's a new polio-like virus in orangutans. A bunch of new herpes viruses in monkeys, rodents and bats.
And that's just in Malaysia.
Teams with PREDICT have been sampling in rain forests around the world for seven years and found nearly 1,000 new viruses in more than 20 countries, such as a new rabies-like virus in shrews. And many, many SARS-like viruses in bats across three continents.
And then Olival drops a bombshell.
“These viruses aren't ‘new,' ” they say. “They're just new to science. But not to the animals in the forest,” they add.
All these viruses have been circulating in bats, monkeys and rodents for tens of thousands of years, maybe longer, they say, and no one has cared. No one has noticed. They're just a natural part of the ecosystem of the rain forest, coexisting with the animals, who are generally not harmed by the viruses.
How do they become problems then?
“Well, they don't magically jump out of the forest,” Olival says. “It's because we are getting in there. Getting into the forest.”
To see what they mean, we take a short walk from where we're sitting. There's a break in the forest and an overlook of the land below. And the view is incredible.
As far as the eye can see are palm trees, row after row of oil palm trees. Nothing else. The rain forest has been eaten away by plantations for palm oil — you know, that inexpensive vegetable oil that is used in crackers, pizza dough, ice cream, even lipstick.
Before the palm oil boom in the 1980s, this was all pristine forest. Filled with all these crazy animals and their viruses, Olival explains. But then people came along and started cutting down the forest. Destroying their homes.
It's like puncturing a balloon filled with viruses, says Barbara Han, a disease ecologist at the Cary Institute of Ecosystem Studies in New York. “Whatever survives, spills out. Deforestation is closely tied to disease emergence.”
In the past 40 years, more than a third of the Borneo rain forest has been destroyed. About half of that land has turned into palm oil plantations.
A similar pattern is happening all over the world.
By 2050, more than half of the world's population is projected to live in the tropics and subtropics, Han says.
Right now, only 15 percent of the world's rain forests is still intact. The rest has been burned flat. Broken into pieces. Or converted into farms, ranges for cattle, metal mines — even shopping malls.
“It's soybeans in the Amazon. It's suburban development in the U.S. Every part of this planet has been modified by people in some way,” Olival says. “We're changing the environment in ways that are really unprecedented in human history.”
Wild animals are now refugees. They have no home. So they come live in our backyards. They pee on our crops. Share our parks and playgrounds. Giving their viruses a chance to jump into us and make us sick.
“So it's really the human impact on the environment that's causing these viruses to jump into people,” Olival says.
And cause an outbreak? I ask. Or a pandemic, says Olival.
Join the conversation with the hashtag #KillerViruses or tweet us @NPRGoatsAndSoda
A burst of snow coming down across Northern Michigan today had photojournalist Erin Malone bundled up in Petoskey.
For Sights and Sounds, they take us to a chilly, icy scene on the Bear River.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Dressed in their red hat and blue duffle coat, Paddington Bear heads to London's St Paul's cathedral in late creator Michael Bond's last book about the much-loved children's character.
LONDON: Dressed in their red hat and blue duffle coat, Paddington Bear heads to London's St Paul's cathedral in late creator Michael Bond's last book about the much-loved children's character.
The author was working on "Paddington at St Paul's" before their death last year at the age of 91.
Advertisement
In their latest adventure, the marmalade-loving bear, prone to all sorts of mishaps, visits the famed London site where, in a commotion, they are mistaken for a member of the choir.
"Paddington was always part of our lives, they were never far from their mind," Karen Jankel, Bond's daughter said of their father on Wednesday at an event at St Paul's to promote the book's release on Thursday.
"I think when they came here, the idea of Paddington coming here sort of came to them and that ... inspired him."
The book comes out 60 years after Bond's first story about the bear named after the London train station where they are found following their arrival from Peru, "A Bear called Paddington".
Advertisement
Advertisement
Bond went on to write more than 20 Paddington Bear books, of which 35 million copies have been sold worldwide, inspiring two films.
Dressed in their usual attire, a Paddington Bear figure greeted visitors to the cathedral on Wednesday, where a memorial service for Bond was held in November, and children took part in an arts and crafts session.
"It would be nice to think that it would carry on for another 60 years," Jankel said of their father's legacy. "And maybe beyond that, you never know."
(Reporting by Lisa Keddie; Writing by Marie-Louise Gumuchian; Editing by Alison Williams)
- Advertisement -
Zimbabwe's newly sworn-in cabinet ministers are reportedly “putting in extra hours every day to meet targets” set by President Emmerson Mnangagwa “as a new work ethic takes root in government”.
According to the state-owned Sunday Mail newspaper, Mnangagwa had tasked every minister to come up with at least three target-driven economic projects with a 100-day turnaround period.
The project proposals were due this week.
It would be remembered that in their first speech as the president of Zimbabwe on November 24, Mnangagwa sent a stern warning to public officials who did not display commitment to their jobs.
“To our civil servants, it cannot be business as usual. You have to roll up your sleeves in readiness to deliver. We have an economy to recover, a people to serve,” Mnangagwa said during their inauguration speech at the National Sports Stadium in Harare.
- Advertisement -
“A new culture must now inform and animate our daily conduct,” they said.
The Sunday Mail said that most ministers had since cancelled their 2017 festive season travel to focus on the projects.
President Mnangagwa themselves was also spending much time at work, the report said.
Mnangagwa last week swore in a new cabinet that included ruling party loyalists as well as figures in the military, whose takeover helped oust former leader Robert Mugabe.
Mnangagwa said after the ceremony that the priority was to revive Zimbabwe's battered economy.
Among the new cabinet members were Major General Sibusiso Moyo, the foreign minister, and Air Marshal Perrance Shiri, the agriculture minister.
Norway striker Joshua King suffered a hamstring injury in the 8-0 World Cup qualifying win over San Marino and will miss the final group game against Northern Ireland on Sunday, the Norwegian FA said in a statement.
REUTERS: Norway striker Joshua King suffered a hamstring injury in the 8-0 World Cup qualifying win over San Marino and will miss the final group game against Northern Ireland on Sunday, the Norwegian FA said in a statement.
Fourth in Group C and 17 points behind leaders Germany, Norway has no chance of making next year's finals in Russia, but they hammered San Marino on Thursday with King grabbing two goals before being substituted in the 62nd minute.
"I felt something in my hamstring during the game yesterday and with my history we're not taking any risks," said King, who scored 16 league goals last season and has one in seven games this campaign for English Premier League side Bournemouth.
"Myself, Lars (Lagerback, Norway coach) and the medical team discussed it and agreed that I should go home to get fit again a quickly as possible," the 25-year-old added.
Having amassed 19 points and a seven-point lead over the Czech Republic with one game left to play, Northern Ireland are guaranteed to finish in second place in Group C regardless of the result against Norway in Oslo.
(Reporting by Philip O'Connor, editing by Ed Osmond)
Advertisement
WASHINGTON (AP) — Start the countdown clock on a momentous two weeks for President Donald Trump and the GOP-run Congress.
Republicans are determined to deliver the first revamp of the nation's tax code in three decades and prove they can govern after their failure to dismantle Barack Obama's health care law this past summer. Voters who will decide which party holds the majority in next year's midterms elections are watching.
Republicans are negotiating with Democrats on the contentious issue of how much the government should spend on the military and domestic agencies to avert a holiday shutdown. An extension of the program that provides low-cost health care to more than 8 million children and aid to hurricane-ravaged Puerto Rico, Texas and Florida need to be addressed. And further complicating the end-of-year talks is the fate of some 800,000 young immigrants here illegally.
Lawmakers are trying to get it all done by Dec. 22.
A look at the crowded agenda:
___
TAXES
Republicans are upbeat about finalizing a tax bill from the House and Senate versions for Trump's first major legislative accomplishment in nearly 11 months in office.
“I feel very confident we're going to get this done … at the end of the day we're going to get this to the president's desk and he's going to sign it,” House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., said Sunday in an interview on Fox News Channel.
The House and Senate bills would cut taxes by about $1.5 trillion over the next decade while adding billions to the $20 trillion deficit. They combine steep tax cuts for corporations with more modest reductions for most individuals.
Republican leaders have struggled to placate GOP lawmakers from high-tax states like California, New York and New Jersey whose constituents would be hit hard by the elimination of the prized federal deduction for state and local taxes. Repeal of the deduction added up to $1.3 trillion in revenue over a decade that could be used for deep tax cuts.
Lawmakers finally settled on a compromise in both bills — full repeal of the state and local deductions for income and sales taxes, but homeowners would be able to deduct up to $10,000 in local property taxes.
And yet it's still not a done deal.
“There's a lot of conversation around the fact that in some of the blue states where the taxes are high, the property tax alone, they will not be able to use the $10,000 possible deductions,” Sen. Tim Scott, R-S.C., said on NBC's “Meet the Press with Chuck Todd” on Sunday. “So allowing for income and property taxes, which would cost another $100 billion by the way, to be options for folks in those states would be a better solution. And we're looking at ways to make that happen.”
Just a few weeks ago, lawmakers were unyielding on their insistence that the corporate tax rate be slashed from 35 percent to 20 percent. Now, one way to finance the changes on state and local taxes would be to cut the corporate tax rate to 21 or 22 percent instead.
___
GOVERNMENT SPENDING
Republicans and Democrats are trying to work out a sweeping budget deal. They got a temporary reprieve from a partial government shutdown when they passed a stopgap, two-week bill last Thursday.
Republicans want a major boost in defense spending. Democrats want a similar increase for domestic agencies.
Congress also has to figure out how much disaster aid should be directed to Puerto Rico, Texas and Florida. The Trump administration requested $44 billion last month, an amount lawmakers from hurricane-slammed regions say is insufficient. The latest request would bring the total appropriated for disaster relief this fall to close to $100 billion — and the government still must calculate how much it will cost to rebuild Puerto Rico's devastated housing stock and electric grid.
___
CHILDREN'S HEALTH
Fresh federal money for the Children's Health Insurance Program, known as CHIP, ran out on Oct. 1, a blow to the widely popular program that provides low-cost medical care to more than 8 million children. Some states have relied on unspent funds, while others that were running out of money got a short-term reprieve in the two-week spending bill.
Lawmakers hope to agree on a long-term budget solution for a program that's about $14 billion a year.
___
IMMIGRATION
Democrats want to act now to protect young immigrants who came to the United States illegally as children, with demands that a solution is included in any year-end spending deal.
“We will not leave here without a DACA fix,” said Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., referring to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program.
These young immigrants, often referred to as Dreamers, face deportation in a few months after Trump reversed administrative protections established by President Barack Obama.
Republicans say it can wait till next year and shouldn't bog down the broad budget agreement. However, House GOP leaders likely will require Democratic votes for the spending bill and they have to work out a deal with Pelosi.
___
Associated Press writers Marcy Gordon and Andrew Taylor contributed to this report.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
3 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Hungary's tough asylum system has helped to cause a bottleneck for up to 7,000 migrants who are now stuck in limbo in Serbia, the Council of Europe Special Representative on migration and refugees said on Wednesday.
TOMPA, Hungary: Hungary's tough asylum system has helped to cause a bottleneck for up to 7,000 migrants who are now stuck in limbo in Serbia, the Council of Europe Special Representative on migration and refugees said on Wednesday.
After visiting two camps built from shipping containers and surrounded by a barbed-wire fence on Hungary's border with Serbia, Ambassador Tomas Bocek also told Reuters that the migrants were effectively being deprived of their liberty.
The migrants - most of whom hope eventually to reach wealthy western Europe - can only leave the tightly guarded camps by returning south into Serbia, and cannot even move freely between the different sections inside the designated area, unless they want to see a doctor.
In the summer heat, with temperatures around 30 degrees in the scorching sun, the containers heat up and largely have no air-conditioning, they said.
"Let's say they call it camps but I would say that according to the jurisprudence of the European Court of Human Rights, this is rather deprivation of liberty," Bocek said in an interview outside the camp at the Tompa crossing point.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"They don't understand why they are there, why they are in a closed camp, or they call it prison ...and the question that everybody asked me is: when will we get out?"
The container camps currently house about 400 people, mostly fleeing conflicts in Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan.
TOUGH NEW LAWS
Hungary, a member of the European Union, was a major crossing point for hundreds of thousands of people at the height of Europe's migrant crisis in 2015, heading via Turkey, Greece and the Balkans for western Europe.
Prime Minister Viktor Orban's right-wing government built a border fence and approved new laws which, along with an EU repatriation agreement clinched with Turkey, helped to sharply cut the number of arrivals, though some still get through.
Orban has called mass immigration from the Middle East and Africa an existential threat to the European way of life.
Under legislation passed earlier this year, all migrants trying to enter Hungary, including children, are held in two camps at the Roszke and Tompa crossings on the border with non-EU Serbia until their asylum requests have been processed. Very few applications are successful.
Budapest denies the camps amount to detention centres as migrants are free to return to Serbia, but its policy has been criticised by the United Nations and human rights groups.
Bocek said the Hungarian system for handling asylum was too restrictive as it allows only five people a day to submit requests at each of the two transit zones. As a result thousands of migrants without any status are stuck in Serbia.
"This category is quite huge and I think we should really reflect reality and address this issue. They have some basic human rights and these human rights should be respected."
The Council of Europe, based in the French city of Strasbourg, aims to uphold human rights and democracy across the continent.
(Reporting by Krisztina Than; Editing by Gareth Jones)
“I divide every disagreement into two classes,” Bob Taylor was telling me. “Class One is when two people disagree and neither can explain to the other person's satisfaction that other person's point of view. A Class Two disagreement is when each can explain to the other's satisfaction the other's point of view.”
They paused. “Class One is destructive. Most wars and pain and suffering in the world are based on Class One disagreements. Class Two disagreements enable people to work together even when they disagree.”
The key to their management style, they said, was to avoid Class One disagreements, and when they encountered them, to turn them into Class Two.
If you're looking for the magic, it was him. — PC co-inventor Chuck Thacker, on their mentor Bob Taylor
This technique worked. The team Taylor led in the 1970s at Xerox PARC, the company's fabled Palo Alto Research Center, invented the Alto, the world's first personal computer, as well as the laser printer, the Ethernet local area network, the graphical computer display, and other pioneering advances in computing hardware and software. It's safe to say that the computerized world that occupies our attention from millions of desktops, laptops and smartphones can be traced to Taylor's leadership and their vision of the computer as an interactive communication device. That includes the Internet, the earliest version of which Taylor funded in the late 1960s as a civilian research director at the Pentagon's Advanced Research Projects Agency.
Taylor's death last week at the age of 85 should prompt us to contemplate this legacy, along with the management skills Taylor employed to create a team out of a disparate group of preternaturally smart, willful, self-confident and competitive young scientists. There are lessons here for managers of any research team, especially nowadays when the competitive challenge in corporate research is greater than ever and corporate demands even more intensive than when Xerox established PARC in 1970.
That brings me back to that conversation in 1998. I was working on “Dealers of Lightning,” a book about PARC, and met Bob at their home in Woodside, in the hills overlooking Silicon Valley and the Stanford campus, a residence they shared with a hyperactive giant black poodle named Max. Strapping themselves into their BMW (bearing the license plate “The UDM” for “ultimate driving machine”), they led me in my rental car on a hair-raising race along winding forested streets to a restaurant down the hill.
An iconic photo of Bob Taylor obscured by pipe smoke, left, appeared in this 1972 photo spread by An Rolling Stone An iconic photo of Bob Taylor obscured by pipe smoke, left, appeared in this 1972 photo spread by Annie Leibovitz in Rolling Stone. At upper right is Alan Kay in front of PARC's first home and at bottom right is a mockup of Kay's prototypical "Dynabook" personal computer. An iconic photo of Bob Taylor obscured by pipe smoke, left, appeared in this 1972 photo spread by Annie Leibovitz in Rolling Stone. At upper right is Alan Kay in front of PARC's first home and at bottom right is a mockup of Kay's prototypical "Dynabook" personal computer. (Rolling Stone)
Roughly a quarter-century removed from their tenure as one of PARC's laboratory directors, they were still dividing the world between the geniuses they employed and those from whom they struggled to protect them. They sought my assent to the notion that when you had a team that was turning a vision of a digitally interconnected world into reality, it was the height of folly not to give them everything they needed. That they were still trying to make the argument so long after that vision had been fully realized only hinted at the intensity of the battles they had waged to win it.
Taylor holds a good claim to being one of the most successful leaders of a research lab who ever lived. There were two elements to Taylor's success as a research leader: their vision, and their management style.
They had developed the vision under psychologist J.C.R.Licklider, their immediate superior at the Pentatgon, whose 1960 paper “Man-Computer Symbiosis” outlined how computers would move beyond their role of crunching data using preformulated programs to become equals with their human controllers in problem-solving: “The resulting partnership will think as no human brain has ever thought,” Licklider wrote, “and process data in a way not approached by the information-handling machines we know today.”
This would require much more computing power than was then available, as well as a high-quality display to allow rapid man-machine communication, another huge drain on the computer memory of the day. “The computer designers said, the display? That's crazy, the display is peripheral,” Taylor recalled. “I said, No, the display is the entire point!”
But Taylor was not always crystal clear in communicating this vision to their team. Not a computer scientist or engineer, but a psychologist, they were unable and unwilling to set down anything resembling a detailed road map of what they should work on. Their guidance often was obscure or metaphorical, or unintelligible.
PARC's revolutionary 1973 personal computer, the Alto, had a high-quality display screen, network co PARC PARC's revolutionary 1973 personal computer, the Alto, had a high-quality display screen, network connection, and incorporated a mouse, which had been invented elsewhere. Never sold commercially, the Alto helped launch the age of personal computing. PARC's revolutionary 1973 personal computer, the Alto, had a high-quality display screen, network connection, and incorporated a mouse, which had been invented elsewhere. Never sold commercially, the Alto helped launch the age of personal computing. (PARC)
“The master often speaks in somewhat inscrutable fashion,” Butler Lampson, one of the co-designers of the Alto, reminded the guests at the 1996 party marking Taylor's retirement from Digital Equipment Corp., where they moved after PARC. To a wave of knowing laughter, Lampson continued, “in retrospect you can really see that the path has been plotted years in advance, and you've been following their footsteps all along.”
Alan Kay, another of Alto's co-designers, considers the emblematic photo of Taylor from their PARC tenure to be one that appeared in a Rolling Stone article about the lab in 1972. Shot by Annie Leibovitz, Taylor is barely visible behind a cloud of pipe smoke “with a sly look on their face,” Kay says, as though to illustrate that their influence was catalytic, not direct. “He created the social dynamic at PARC that essentially enabled them to get other people to lead,” Kay says.
That was not a trivial task. The members of Taylor's lab included people who had been trained at academic pressure cookers like MIT and Berkeley. They arrived in Palo Alto with few doubts about their own talents, and often fewer compunctions about showing off as alpha-intellects. Taylor themselves was not a computer scientist or even a Ph.D. They had to bring them together and coax them into working toward a shared goal by the force of personality and the devices of psychology, including the eradication of Class One disagreements.
Taylor's skill was “managing down,” not “managing up,” Kay recalls. “He created maximum synergy in the room” by showing “maximum pugnaciousness upward.” This is rare among middle managers, they observe, because their careers depend even more on schmoozing with their own bosses than obtaining maximum results from their own underlings. Taylor's viewpoint was that “I was hired to produce the best technology I could,” and there could hardly be any doubt that they had achieved the goal. “I'm not sure they ever felt any fear,” Kay says.
But that may have been their downfall at Xerox, which was an extremely bureaucratic East-Coast organization that was never quite sure how to handle the computer revolutionaries it had installed three thousand miles from headquarters on a California hilltop.
Construction on a controversial portion of the southwest ring road came to a stop this weekend after an environmental appeal was filed by opponents who say it will damage the adjacent wetlands.
A group called YYC Cares started working on the paperwork in March and helped file the appeal.
The area in question is near the Weaslehead Flats and the concern is over the plan to build an older-style, dirt berm that fills in 24 wetlands over the Elbow River.
Opponents of the project want a redesign, which would see an open-span bridge built like the one used over the Bow River portion of Stoney Trail.
“This is not an unreasonable request at all, it's something they've done before and it can be done quite fast,” said Allie Tulik from YYC Cares. “We can't be building berms as our mitigations for floods anymore.”
YYC Cares says the berm style negatively affects wildlife, flood mitigation and water quality.
“It also increases the velocity of the river, which is also dangerous for carrying toxins and sediments into the reservoir. There are just a lot of problems with this design and this environment, it just doesn't work,” said Tulik.
Calgary's mayor says it makes sense to address the concerns now.
“That's the process, it makes a ton of sense and if those concerns can be mitigated either through the design of the existing bridge or through a clear-span bridge without delaying the project too much, that's not a bad thing,” said Mayor Naheed Nenshi.
The Alberta transportation minister's office says an environmental assessment was done before construction began but that it is ‘committed to ensuring this project meets environmental standards and respects the process.'
The Environmental Appeals Board granted the stay until Friday and now has to decide whether the resident who filed the appeal is directly affected by the project.
“On Saturday morning the board granted a temporary stay,” said Gilbert van Ness, Environmental Appeals Board general counsel. “Sometime on Friday afternoon we'll decide whether we will officially accept the notice of appeal.”
If the notice is accepted, the board will then decide whether or not to continue the stay until the appeal is heard, which would likely take place two to three weeks later.
For more information on the Southwest Calgary Ring Road project, click HERE.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Chongqing Qinan M&E Plc:
* SAYS IT SCRAPS ASSET RESTRUCTURING PLAN, SHARE TRADE TO RESUME ON FEB 5 Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2EzaHDN Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Two-time Olympic silver medalist from Rio, Jazz Carlin of Great Britain, recently raced one of their first open water swims and won gold. We reported how the 27-year-old competed in the 1-mile Serpentine Swim in London, where Carlin beat out more seasoned open water athletes such as Sarah Bosslet of Germany and Danielle Huskisson, also of Great Britain. It turns out Carlin was bitten by the open water bug and is now considering possibly adding the discipline to their pool repertoire for the 2020 Olympic Games in Tokyo.
Tunisia's Ous Mellouli is the only swimmer in Olympic history to have won medals both in pool and open water swimming at the same Games, but Carlin is at least considering the possibly of trying for both squads in 2020.
“I've the Commonwealth Games and European Championships next year and then I'll start thinking about how it could go for Tokyo,” the Welsh swimmer told BBC Sport recently.
“The danger with training for the longer distances is you can lose the speed you need for the shorter ones.
“I think I have a really great opportunity to be a part of open water and still try and get on that pool team, and it's quite exciting to think that you could make history in an event.
“I'm very happy with two silvers, but you know it's Tokyo and why not go for gold, hey? I'm a bit greedy I guess.”
Carlin will try the 10k open water event on for size at Qiandao Lake, Hangzhou City, China on October 15th as part of the FINA World Cup Series.
“I want to keep testing myself and see what I can do,” says Carlin. (BBC Sport)
Carlin won their Olympic silvers in Rio behind American Katie Ledecky in the women's 400m and 800m freestyle events.
No fewer than 360 students of the University of Lagos (UNILAG) turned out on Wednesday to donate a pint of blood each to sickle cell and cancer child patients.
The donors trooped out in multitudes to donate their blood at the New Hall and Bookshop areas of the Akoka campus where makeshift blood transfusion centres were provided.
The blood donation exercise was spearheaded by Project Smile, a non-governmental organisation, in partnership with the Lagos University Teaching Hospital and the Association of Medical Students, UNILAG (AMSUL).
According to the organizers, the joint-project tagged Save 500 Lives is aimed at raising at least 500 pints of blood for sickle cell and cancer child patients in LUTH.
Although, they did not reach this target on Wednesday, the organizers have said that they intend to conduct a supplementary exercise to meet their target.
The organizers explained that the donation exercise was due to the insufficiency of blood reserves in the Hospital's blood banks.
This issue, however, is not just a reality in LUTH, but it stretches even beyond many hospitals countrywide.
Nigeria's former minister of Health, Professor Onyebuchi Chukwu, in 2013, said that less than 10 percent of Nigerians voluntarily donate blood.
They noted that while 60 percent of the country's blood donations came from commercial donors, the remaining 30 percent were from family members.
Meanwhile, the Chief Donor Officer, Haematology Department, LUTH, Mrs Mercy Onofomi, acknowledged that the hospital was currently struggling with low blood supply to its reserves.
Onofomi blamed the blood bank supply shortages on lack of voluntary blood donation by Nigerians.
They said, “In LUTH, we use up to 50 pints (of blood), and you can imagine how many days these 500 (blood pints) will last.
“And our blood [bank at LUTH] is not always enough because of the volume of blood we use. We use blood for cancer people, we use it for accidents, we use for obstetrics, that is pregnant women. We have people that live on blood.
“So, the volume of blood we use per day in LUTH is very high, and family cannot replace all.”
She, however, called for more voluntary participation by Nigerians in blood donation exercises.
“You can imagine where one person uses 15 units of blood. How many will the relation replace?
“…How many can their relation donate that will be enough? That's why we need this kind of voluntary blood donation to really augment the one family replacements donate.
”And in a normal practice, it is not supposed to be family replacement; it is supposed to be voluntary blood donation that they use. So, that's why this blood [donation exercise] is very important. “
Speaking during the exercise, one of the co-founders of Project Smile and creator of the Save 500 Lives initiative, Oyinda Olayinka, explained the initiative was inspired from an encounter with the sickle cell and cancer child patients at LUTH.
According to the 300 level Medical student, “It started with a Christmas party we had for children with sickle and cancer last year. After the party, we started hearing requests that these children actually need blood.
“So, we thought about what could we do for them? And we came up with this idea: We get people to donate blood, and we give it to them for free.”
“We plan to get 500 pints of blood for 500 people. So, basically, we are saving 500 lives; a pint for a child with sickle cell (or) cancer,” Oyinda Ige, a co-founder and Medical student, added.
Also, AMSUL's President, Chukwuemeka Agbarakwe, said that the initiative would be organized for the second time within the next one year.
“Considering the passion and the vision that both the organizers and all other stakeholders have kept, it's an initiative that will continue.
“It wouldn't even wait till one year to replicate itself,” the 600 Level Medical Student said.
Some of the donors (including first time donors) shared their views about the initiative and the donation exercise.
"I was in the living room sleeping," said Abigail Bruce.
The 10-year-old said their sleep was interrupted Saturday night by Speedy. ...
"I woke up to Abigail running into the room saying it was smokey and they could barely breathe," said their father Nick Bruce.He soon realized the garage was engulfed in flames."The fire was already starting to come through the windows," they said. ...
The family said it could have been worse if it weren't for Speedy.
"He knew what to do and everything," said Abigail.
Speedy joined the family two days before their home caught fire. The goat was an early birthday gift for Abigail and lived with the family inside their home.
"I didn't approve of them at first but he'll be there from now on," said Nick Bruce.
The news day has been dominated by death, so I thought we could stand something a little lighter: WREG in Memphis reported late last week on a Poinsett County goat, Speedy, who saved a family from a fire by loudly waking them up when the smoke began.From the report (I couldn't embed the video , but it has the full sound effects from young Abigail):
Birmingham: "Sir zindagi bach gayi humari, woh sabse badi baat hain (I am alive and that is the biggest thing for me)," Yuvraj Singh smirked when asked if they have any regrets on the eve of their landmark 300th ODI appearance.
It was a roundabout way of asking about their patchy Test record, but the veteran of more than '300 press conferences' would have known what was coming their way. They would have nothing of that sort, especially when they have hit cancer for a 'six'.
Ahead of the ICC Champions Trophy semi-final against Bangladesh, Yuvraj wanted to be in a zone which is miles away from any kind of negativity.
"I don't want to talk about my regrets when I am in a good zone. I am playing well and would continue for a few more years. As long as I am performing, I would like to play," Yuvraj said, making it clear that the 2019 World Cup is still in their mind.
The elegant left-hander said that getting that India jersey may not be very difficult, but wearing it for 17 years, demands determination of a different level along with copious amounts of self belief.
"It's not difficult to play for India but sustaining is tough. You need to have determination and self belief is important.
"When things are not going well, people will have a lot of opinions and you need to believe in yourself, it's a matter of time and you can do it again," said one of India's greatest match winners.
They were in a jovial mood and when asked what are the do's and don'ts of those aspiring to play for India, they replied: "Among the do's it is important to stick to the process and train as hard as possible. Among the don'ts will be to stay away from media."
Asked about the milestone, they agreed that it is indeed a big one for him.
"I don't know whether I am a role model but it's been a big achievement for me to get to 300 games. It's a huge honour. When I started playing, I was happy playing just one game for India. That would have been a big achievement for me but here I am now.
"I have seen ups and downs. I am proud of myself that I have come through and still managed to get through to 300 games. At one stage, I was thinking whether or not I will play again, but here I am."
One could feel a sense of achievement in their response as they spoke. For Yuvraj, their biggest attribute according to him, is the "never giving it up" attitude.
"I think my biggest quality has been never to give up, pushing no matter what obstacles came in my life. I always advise younger guys to never back down and always keep on working with same intensity, irrespective of whether you are having a good time or bad time.
"Be persistent, be consistent and focus on the process of the game," they said.
Yuvraj praised today's younger generation for having much more knowledge, as they come up the ranks.
"Well, there has been a big transformation. We learnt from our seniors and now we try to pass on the knowledge to younger guys. The game has evolved, fitness levels have evolved, it has become faster.
"Guys who are coming into the team are much fitter with better knowledge of eating habits, they are learning quickly. They are getting exposed to IPL and playing with international cricketers. Game has evolved big time."
Asked to pick three memorable matches in their ODI career, Yuvraj rated the 2011 World Cup quarter-final against Australia (57 and 2/44) as their best, followed by the 84 in their very second ODI against Australia in Nairobi in 2000.
Someone reminded them about the Natwest Trophy final and they nodded in agreement, "Yes, Natwest final was memorable."
For all ageing cricketers, Yuvraj has an advice—as one grows older, one needs to push harder.
"I have been playing domestic cricket for the last three years. I didn't miss any domestic game except for my marriage. That was the reason I could spend a lot of time at the ground. I was batting well and I fielded (in some matches) for two days. As you get older you need to push harder, that's the reason I could make a comeback."
For the latest updates from ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Click Here
This was their safe space. For all of the rancor in Washington, the baseball field has been where members of Congress can shed their partisanship along with their suits, ties and heels.
Speaker Paul D. Ryan sounded this theme soon after a gunman opened fire on Republicans practicing in Alexandria, Va., for the Congressional Baseball Game. “An attack on one of us,” Ryan said, “is an attack on all of us.”
The annual contest has deep Washington roots and a rich history. The 56th game in the series is scheduled to be played at Nationals Park in Washington on Thursday night — despite Wednesday's attack in which House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-La.) and three others were shot and wounded.
Republicans and Democratic members of Congress play seven innings in a game that raises money for charity. Few of them have ever played professional sports. They spend months practicing, helped by their younger, fitter aides and some lobbyists.
They play a respectable game, boosted by thousands of cheering Capitol Hill staffers in the stands, and gather to drink and celebrate an evening of bipartisanship when it's over.
Bipartisanship isn't even the right word for it. Politics somehow disappears from the field.
“You play in the game and everybody goes and drinks beer after and actually hangs out with each other. For this to happen a day before that, it's just terrible,” Rep. Tim Ryan (D-Ohio) told me Wednesday morning.
Ryan and other Democratic players were holding their own practice at Gallaudet University in northeastern D.C. when they were suddenly ordered to leave the field and hide in the dugout as a precaution after the shooting in Alexandria.
"We didn't know a whole lot other than a handful of people were hit," Ryan said.
In a nod to the fact that disagreement is second nature in Washington, no one can agree on exactly how many times the game has been played.
It was first played in 1909, and unofficial records have the Democrats and Republicans tied with 39 wins apiece.
The game took a hiatus in 1958 after too many lawmakers returned to the Capitol with injuries. Sid Yudain, founder of the Capitol Hill publication Roll Call, revived the tradition in 1962, working with newly installed House Speaker John McCormack, who took over after former Speaker Sam Rayburn's death.
Congressional Quarterly / CQ Roll Call Rep. Silvio O. Conte (R-Mass.), with a cigar clamped in their teeth and their recently discarded crutches below him, lines up to take a Democrat team pitch at the 1966 Congressional Baseball Game. Rep. Silvio O. Conte (R-Mass.), with a cigar clamped in their teeth and their recently discarded crutches below him, lines up to take a Democrat team pitch at the 1966 Congressional Baseball Game. (Congressional Quarterly / CQ Roll Call)
For years, the game was played on recreational or school fields. In 2008, it moved to National Park in southeast Washington. In 2015, President Obama made an appearance.
As the former editor-in-chief of Roll Call, I am more familiar with the game than many journalists because the newspaper has been the game's sponsor and publisher of its official program for decades.
Photo by Jeffrey Malet Bellantoni with the trophy in 2014. Bellantoni with the trophy in 2014. (Photo by Jeffrey Malet)
When you ask congressional observers or longtime lawmakers what's changed as Washington has become more divided, the answer is always the same — no one spends time together anymore. Lawmakers' families don't move to Washington. Members blow out of town like it's the last day of school each Thursday afternoon. They don't return until late Monday.
The baseball game is one of the Washington rituals that help moderate partisan antagonism.
The 2012 game was played on the same day the House voted to hold then-Atty. Gen. Eric Holder in contempt of Congress, noted Jason Dick, Roll Call's leadership and enterprise editor. But they added: “politics stop at the center field gate.”
In-depth coverage of the shooting >>
“It may be a little corny but they think of the Congressional Baseball Game as sacred ground,” Dick said Wednesday.
“People really do look forward to this thing, they practice for months, they brag about it all year long, and it means a lot,” Dick said.
Democratic members of California's delegation were shaken as they shared their feelings about the game.
Rep. Linda T. Sánchez, one of just two female players, called the game a “nice respite from the really politicized atmosphere up here.”
Rep. Pete Aguilar said that as the game nears, players trade good-natured ribbing as they go about their day jobs. Aguilar said they teased Scalise about the game Tuesday as they walked into the House chamber to vote.
“This is the time when we can put politics aside,” Aguilar said. “For one night we set it aside and raise some money for charity.”
Rep. Raul Ruiz has found the game can actually lead to political productivity.
“We get to play in a bipartisan fashion and we get to know the Republican players differently on the field,” they said. “It opens the door to other friendly conversations.”
Rep. Eric Swalwell (D-Dublin) missed practice Wednesday to make a television appearance.
“The game for me has always been a refuge from the battles within the Capitol. It's something you would never imagine would have its players come under attack like this,” Swalwell said.
Times staff writer Sarah D. Wire contributed to this report from Washington.
CAPTION President Donald Trump gives a commencement speech at the Coast Guard Academy in Connecticut on Wednesday. President Donald Trump gives a commencement speech at the Coast Guard Academy in Connecticut on Wednesday. CAPTION President Donald Trump gives a commencement speech at the Coast Guard Academy in Connecticut on Wednesday. President Donald Trump gives a commencement speech at the Coast Guard Academy in Connecticut on Wednesday. CAPTION Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov on Comey: 'Was they fired? You're kidding' Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov on Comey: 'Was they fired? You're kidding' CAPTION Students at Bethune-Cookman University booed and turned their backs while Donald Trump's education chief Betsy DeVos gave a commencement speech on Wednesday. Students at Bethune-Cookman University booed and turned their backs while Donald Trump's education chief Betsy DeVos gave a commencement speech on Wednesday. CAPTION Sen. Dianne Feinstein called for a special prosecutor to investigate Russian meddling in the presidential election at Wednesday morning's Senate Judiciary Committee hearing. Sen. Dianne Feinstein called for a special prosecutor to investigate Russian meddling in the presidential election at Wednesday morning's Senate Judiciary Committee hearing. CAPTION Former Director of National Intelligence James R. Clapper explains unmasking. Former Director of National Intelligence James R. Clapper explains unmasking.
christina.bellantoni@latimes.com
@cbellantoni
I want you to know that unlike some people from Ohio, I don't have a built-in prejudice against Michigan. I think there are some great places in Michigan — well, at least in the top part of the state. You could drop the bottom half into Lake Michigan and you wouldn't be missing much.
But there's one thing that really bugs me about Michigan. In fact, it seems to me to be one of the great ironies of America. Michigan at one time was the center of the auto industry not only in the country but in the world. You would think people who relied so much on the automobile would know how to build roads. They do not.
The roads in Michigan are possibly the worst in the universe.
I recently took a business trip that required me to drive to the north side of what is left of Detroit. I survived, but I'm not sure my car's suspension did.
As far as I can remember, the roads in Michigan always have been like this. As you head north on the highway, the roads in Ohio are pretty smooth. But once you cross the state line, you notice an instant change.
“What just happened?” my wife asked as they bounced up and down in their seat.
“Welcome to Michigan,” I said.
And when you get off the highway — well, you want to avoid that if you can.
Potholes the size of small vans are not uncommon. Crumbling roads are the norm. What's more, it's not a secret. Talk to someone from Michigan and they will tell you all about how lousy their roads are. It's just the way it's always been, I guess.
We managed to make it to our destination in one piece and stayed off the roads until it was time to go home. Then we had a real adventure.
Our GPS decided to get us back to the highway a slightly different way than we came. Alas, we were using a GPS that doesn't update traffic conditions, which was our mistake. But we figured a 20th century GPS was good enough when you're driving on 19th century roads.
When we got to our entrance ramp, we discovered it was closed. The highway at this particular place not only was being worked on, it was gone! Nothing down there but dirt and rocks. So we drove on, deciding to ignore our GPS since it wanted us to go back to the destroyed road. We weren't in a hurry; we'd just follow the detour signs.
So we tooled along for a while following little signs until we came to a big detour sign — which had been damaged so that only half of it remained. As we attempted to decipher the sign, we went by what might have been the best road to take. We'll never know, because there were still some more little detour signs up ahead. So we followed them.
Dodging holes in the road and jumping from lane to avoid the miniature Lake Michigans that dotted the roads after a heavy rain, we kept following the signs. Our compass said we were going south, so at least we were pointed in the right direction.
Before long, we found ourselves in downtown Detroit. I have to tell you, downtown Detroit really isn't bad and on a Saturday afternoon, it can be kind of pleasant because there is no one around. We pulled over to the side and dragged out an old road map. We turned the GPS back on. We found another detour sign and decided to follow it.
Sure enough, it got us back on the right track, but we had to go north a number of miles before finally getting back on the highway not all that far from where we started out. Life is like that sometimes.
Bumping along, we sped south and before long there was the sign: Welcome to Ohio! Land of smooth roads! As soon as we crossed the line, we ran into a stretch of construction. But did I mind driving two inches from a temporary concrete barrier with a semi on the other side? No, sir. I was heading home.
It also gave me a new outlook on road construction in Ohio. It seems to go on all the time. There are more orange barrels in Ohio in the spring than there are daffodils. However, I now realize orange barrels mean at least we're fixing our roads. That beats the alternative.
http://www.dailycall.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/30/2018/05/web1_David_Lindeman-1.jpg
David Lindeman Contributing Columnist
David Lindeman is a Troy resident and former editor at the Troy Daily News. They can be reached at lindy@woh.rr.com.
David Lindeman is a Troy resident and former editor at the Troy Daily News. They can be reached at lindy@woh.rr.com.
Angourie Rice will star in MGM's romance movie “Every Day,” an adaptation of David Levithan's novel with Michael Sucsy directing.
Production will begin next month in Toronto. Jesse Andrews, who wrote “Me And Earl and the Dying Girl,” has adapted the script.
Production companies are Likely Story and Filmwave. Producers are Christian Grass, Paul Trijbits, Anthony Bregman, and Peter Cron.
Rice will play a shy teenage girl who falls in love with an entity named A, who inhabits a new body of another teenage boy each day. The entity wakes up in the body of teenage boy named Justin one day, meets their girlfriend and decides they have found someone they want to be with day after day. The novel was published in 2012 by the Random House imprint Alfred A. Knopf Books for Young Readers.
Rice played the daughter of Ryan Gosling's character in Shane Black's “The Nice Guys” and stars opposite Kirsten Dunst, Nicole Kidman, and Elle Fanning in “The Beguiled,” which won the best director for Sofia Coppola at Cannes last month. She's also starring opposite Tom Holland in “Spider-Man: Homecoming.”
Sucsy's credits include “The Vow” and “Grey Gardens.” He's repped by UTA, Anonymous Content, and Bloom Hergott.
Andrews is repped by WME and MXN Entertainment. Rice is repped by WME and Catherine Poulton Management. The news was first reported by Deadline Hollywood.
Torontonians are rallying together in wake of Monday's deadly van attack with vigils, memorials and acts of kindness.
But the selfless acts began to shine through just moments after the incident, which left 10 dead and 15 injured, took place.
READ MORE: First of 10 victims killed in Toronto van attack identified as Anne Marie D'Amico
Toronto resident Taras Kulish was in a nearby restaurant when a van plowed into pedestrians on Yonge Street. That's when they saw the white Ryder van, allegedly being driven by 25-year-old Alek Minassian, zoom by.
“We knew something was obviously not right, so we ran out of the restaurant,” Kulish told Global News.
Kulish and their friend rushed to help a man injured in the attack, whose name is not known. They described the difficult scene, saying others including the restaurant owner, came out to help.
“He was hit, they were in bad shape, they were dragged,” Kulish explained. “You could see that they were dragged about 50 feet. You could see the marks on him. There was blood at the initial point of impact.”
The victim's clothes had been ripped apart, and their body was “all turned and twisted,” the witness described.
The helpers at the scene tried to dial 911, but the lines were jammed. Kulish then ran to flag down a firetruck and guide it toward the man.
“I knew that the cop shop was just around the corner, so I went to the intersection and basically flagged down a firetruck and told them to go to this fellow.”
READ MORE: Eyewitnesses describe panic as van hits Toronto pedestrians
It took the first responders about three minutes to come to the victim, and they then “untwisted” them and secured him.
“The firefighters came, they did their job, they did a great job,” Kulish said.
Still processing what they saw, Kulish explained they didn't want to rush to conclusions about the incident.
“Right now, I just hope that their guy is going to be OK.”
#TorontoTheGood
The hashtag #TorontoTheGood has also emerged on Twitter, with the city's residents urging each other to make kindness the priority — rather than fear or division.
That means smiling at strangers, pausing to say hello, and asking neighbours how they are doing.
Today, extend a hand. Give love. Share a smile. Go a little bit further to make someone else's day better. Right now, our city needs it.#TorontoTheGood.#TorontoStrong — Hussein Rajan (@HusseinRajan) April 24, 2018
Beyond the hashtag
Those in the city, and around the country, looking to help victims and their loved ones have been finding several ways to pitch in.
A GoFundMe page started by outreach group Canada Zakat is raising money to cover the funeral expenses of those killed. The campaign has collected more than $53,000 so far and has a goal of $1 million.
READ MORE: Toronto sign dimmed, flags lowered to honour victims of deadly van attack
The charity, Islamic Relief Canada, has set up a similar online fundraiser on LaunchGood, which has raised more than $2,000.
Toronto-based Sunnybrook Hospital, where several victims are being treated, has made a call for blood donations.
— With files from Global News reporter Marilisa Racco
The FCC has proposed a fine of more than $400,000 on a Queens, New York, man who has admitted making unauthorized transmissions on New York City Police Department (NYPD) radio frequencies, maliciously interfering with NYPD officers' communications. Peralta, 20, is alleged to have transmitted false bomb threats, false claims of criminal activities involving firearms, false distress calls from purported NYPD officers, and threats against individual NYPD officers. The unauthorized transmissions began a year ago, according to the FCC.
“Through their actions, as they described them to the NYPD, Mr. Peralta has demonstrated not only a deliberate disregard of the Commission's authority and rules, but of the safety of NYPD officers and the public that they are called to serve and protect,” the FCC said in a Notice of Apparent Liability (NAL), issued on April 14. “Commission action in this context is therefore essential to safeguard authorized operations on spectrum licensed for public safety uses, and, accordingly, a substantial penalty appears warranted.”
The FCC said the NAL addresses nine unauthorized and interfering transmissions that Peralta has admitted to the NYPD that they made on its radio system. The FCC said Peralta's unauthorized transmissions included false bomb threats, false claims of criminal activities involving firearms, false distress calls from purported NYPD officers, and threats against individual NYPD officers.
FCC Chairman Ajit Pai, said that with the NAL, the FCC is making it “abundantly clear that it will not tolerate unauthorized and illegal use of the radio spectrum.” The entire Commission now must sign off on such proposed fines, and Pai said they were grateful to their fellow FCC members for “agreeing to act swiftly and strongly” in the matter. “This may not be a typical pirate radio case in which an unauthorized operator inflicts damage on a radio broadcaster that is operating with a valid FCC license,” Pai said, “but it does involve unauthorized interference to critical public safety communications systems.”
Peralta was arrested last fall along with two other men suspected of committing several robberies. According to news accounts, police found a cache of scanners and radios in one of the suspects' homes.
The FCC said it was alerted by a Twitter post about an unlawful intrusion on the NYPD radio system and dispatched an Enforcement Bureau agent to check it out. On September 30, the NYPD contacted the FCC's New York Office and advised that it had arrested Peralta and another individual in connection with unauthorized transmissions on NYPD's radio system. According to police reports, the other individual arrested — Ricardo Torres, 29, described as “a ham radio enthusiast” in some news accounts — allegedly provided the radios used.
Torres, is said to hold an FCC General Mobile Radio Service (GMRS) license but their name does not appear in the Amateur Radio licensee database. Police said they found 15 portable radios, 9 scanners, roof-top antennas, an amplifier, and assorted other electronics in Torres's apartment.
Peralta has 30 days to pay or contest the proposed $404,166 FCC forfeiture.
In a fresh bid to win its first major foreign arms deal since World War Two, Japan is proposing its P-1 submarine hunter for a French-German project to develop a marine surveillance aircraft, two Japanese government sources said.
TOKYO/BERLIN: In a fresh bid to win its first major foreign arms deal since World War Two, Japan is proposing its P-1 submarine hunter for a French-German project to develop a marine surveillance aircraft, two Japanese government sources said.
Discussion between the three governments began last year. Japanese officials also asked Kawasaki Heavy Industries, which makes the P-1, to discuss possible partnerships with France's Dassault Aviation and Thales SA, said the sources, who have direct knowledge of the proposal but are not authorised to speak to the media.
"If they try and build it from scratch it will cost a lot and their potential market is small, even if Spain or other European countries buy it," one of the sources said of the European project.
But the P-1 may be a tough sell in a competition with plenty of home-field heavyweights.
Airbus has said it is exploring military applications for its A320neo passenger jet family, including a maritime patrol version. Two European defence sources said French planemaker Dassault Aviation is ready to adapt its Falcon 8X business jet for such missions. Both companies declined to comment.
Boeing is also likely to offer its P-8A Poseidon.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"We have introduced the P-1 to other countries with the backing of the Japanese Ministry of Defence," a Kawasaki Heavy spokesperson said. "However, we are not able to discuss individual cases."
Japan's Ministry of Defense did not respond to a request for comment.
Germany wants to replace its ageing fleet of maritime surveillance planes in response to an increase in Russian submarine patrols to a level not seen since the end of the Cold War.
The defence ministers from Germany and France will sign a document at this week's Berlin Airshow agreeing to explore the joint development of a new maritime surveillance aircraft, German military sources said.
A spokesperson for the German defence ministry declined to comment on discussions, adding, "Germany and France are considering many possibilities to expand the existing good cooperation between the two countries' militaries."
The two countries are exploring several other joint procurement or development projects, including a new fighter jet and a military drone. The two countries will also jointly operate a new fleet of Lockheed Martin C-130J transport planes.
Officials at the French embassy in Tokyo were not immediately available to comment.
OVERSEAS SALES
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe ended a decades-long ban on arms exports four years ago.
But since then, their government has been unable to sell defence gear overseas as long-isolated Japanese defence contractors struggled in the competitive global arms market.
In 2015, Japan offered the P-1 to Britain, which chose Boeing's P-8 instead from a crowded field. In 2016 it lost out on a lucrative contract to supply Australia with a fleet of diesel-powered submarines, work that went to French naval contractor DCNS.
European defence analysts and military sources cautioned that the P-1 would face stiff competition for the French-German project, which aims to field a new aircraft by 2035.
"At this point, it's completely premature to either say Japan and Kawasaki have a chance or that they do not," said one of the military sources.
Japan, which wants stronger security ties with France and Germany, plans to display two of its P-1 aircraft at the five-day Berlin air show. The P-1, which is designed to operate both at high altitude and at low speeds closer to the water, is replacing Japan's fleet of turboprop Lockheed Martin P-3C Orions.
Germany also operates the Orion, while France flies the Atlantique 2, or ATL2, produced by Dassault Aviation in the 1980s.
Saab, Bombardier, Israel Aerospace Industry and Leonardo are among other companies seeking to enter the maritime patrol market.
The P-1 patrols Japan's territorial waters stretching from the Pacific to the East China Sea, where Beijing and Tokyo are locked in a territorial dispute over a group of uninhabited islets.
The four-engine aircraft, which was delayed by fuselage and wing cracks and engine problems, entered service in 2015. It is the world's first production aircraft to use fibre optic cables to transmit flight control commands from its cockpit.
(Reporting by Nobuhiro Kubo in TOKYO and Andrea Shalal in BERLIN; writing by Tim Kelly; Editing by Gerry Doyle)
Myanmar's de facto leader Aung San Suu Kyi on Monday pulled out of a public speech and question-and-answer session in Sydney because they were “not feeling well”, the event's organisers said.
Suu Kyi has been under fire internationally for their public silence about a military crackdown in Myanmar's Rakhine state that has seen nearly 700,000 of the Muslim Rohingya minority flee to Bangladesh.
Suu Kyi, who attended an special ASEAN-Australia summit on Friday-Sunday, was in Canberra for talks with Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull Monday. They had been due to make a keynote speech at the Lowy Institute think-tank in Sydney Tuesday.
The speech and subsequent Q and A session would have been the only public comments the Nobel Prize winner would have made during their Australia trip.
“This afternoon the Lowy Institute was informed by the Myanmar embassy that the State Counsellor will no longer be able to participate in this event as they are not feeling well,” a spokesperson for the think-tank said in a statement.
“Accordingly, the event is now cancelled.”
The Rohingya humanitarian crisis was one of the key topics at the special summit between the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) and Australia, with other leaders quizzing them about the issue during a gathering Sunday, Turnbull said.
Malaysia's leader Najib Razak had warned Saturday that the issue could threaten regional security since those victimised could fall prey to extremist groups like the Islamic State.
The exodus has sparked rare tension within the regional body, and Muslim-majority Malaysia has called for an independent ASEAN-led investigation into allegations of army abuse.
Suu Kyi was the subject of public protests against human rights abuses during the summit, with demonstrators criticising them as well as Cambodian strongman Hun Sen and Vietnam's Nguyen Xuan Phuc.
Stocks were sliding in early trading on Wall Street on Tuesday as healthcare companies and banks moved lower.
Goldman Sachs sank 3% after its latest earnings fell short of forecasts due to an unusual miss in its trading business. That took about 50 points off the Dow Jones industrial average.
In healthcare, Johnson & Johnson lost 2.7% after its revenue came in below forecasts. Cardinal Health plunged 10.6% after issuing a weak forecast.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 5 points, or 0.2%, to 2,343.
The Dow lost 75 points, or 0.4%, to 20,563. The Nasdaq composite slipped 10 points, or 0.2%, to 5,846.
Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.21%.
ALSO
This company is trying to draw Chinese tourists to L.A. — with VR technology
Column: Revised GOP bill would destroy the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
L.A. venture capitalists who missed Snapchat don't want to make the same mistake twice
LONDON: Euro zone stocks climbed to their highest in over a year on Monday: the first trading day of 2017 for those markets that were open: after data showed manufacturers in the currency bloc ramped up activity at the fastest pace in over five years.
With all of Asia's major markets closed for the New Year holiday - along with Britain and Switzerland in Europe - trade was thin, which analysts said could cause some volatility. The United States and Canada will also be closed.
The euro zone's blue-chip Euro STOXX 50 index rose half a percent to its highest since December 2015 after the purchasing managers' index (PMI) for factories in the currency bloc came in at 54.9 - well above the 50 mark that separates growth from contraction.
The euro, though, took no comfort from the figures, slipping 0.3 percent back below US$1.05 after climbing to as high as US$1.07 during a flash surge in low trading volumes in Asia on Friday.
Analysts said that was mainly due to a resumption of an up-trend in the greenback that saw it surge to 14-year highs in December on the view the U.S. Federal Reserve will hike rates as many as three times this year, and that Donald Trump's administration will stoke growth and inflation with a program of fiscal expansion.
The dollar index - which measures the greenback against six major rivals - climbed 0.4 percent.
"In the last days of 2016 we saw the dollar retreat somewhat, and there might be some sense of a correction from Europe this morning. I don't see any fundamental drivers for the moves," said Commerzbank currency strategist Esther Reichelt, in Frankfurt.
Italy's top share index hit its highest level since January last year, outperforming other major European stock indexes, with a rally in its banks and a strong manufacturing report improving sentiment.
Italy's FTSE MIB index was up 1.3 percent by 1000 GMT after rising to its highest since January 15 of 2016. Germany's DAX was up 0.9 percent at its highest in nearly 17 months, while France's CAC was up 0.3 percent after hitting a 13-month peak earlier in the day.
As European stocks climbed, a rally in risk appetite also pushed down the yields on lower-rated government bonds in the euro zone to multi-week lows. Italian, Spanish and Portuguese 10-year bond yields were down roughly 8 basis points each on the day.
ISTANBUL ATTACK
A gun attack in Istanbul that killed 39 people was seen having little impact on markets, with the Japanese yen - traditionally used as a safe haven - falling 0.3 against the dollar, close to an 11-month low.
Islamic State claimed responsibility on Monday for the New Year's Day mass shooting, which was carried out by a lone gunman in a packed nightclub in the Turkish city.
"After all the big political shocks last year and muted market reaction, it is tempting to argue that the markets are very resilient," said Finland-based Nordea chief market strategist Jan Von Gerich.
"I would say this is too optimistic an assumption and I think we will see more volatility this year."
The Turkish lira slipped 0.4 percent after the attack to 3.5384 per dollar, close to a record low of 3.5840 lira touched in December.
"The problem is that this once again stresses the increasing instability and the security issues, and we're seeing tourist numbers going down, which will have a lasting negative impact on the Turkish economy...and that's Turkish lira-negative," said Commerzbank's Reichelt.
Data released earlier in the day showed China's manufacturing sector expanded for a fifth month in December, though growth slowed a touch more than expected in a sign that government measures to rein in soaring asset prices are starting to have a knock-on effect on the broader economy.
The Chinese yuan suffered its biggest annual loss in more than 20 years in 2016, with an almost 7 percent fall making it the worst-performing currency in Asia.
Digital currency bitcoin started the year by jumping above US$1,000 for the first time since late 2013.
(Additional reporting by Dhara Ranasinghe and Atul Prakash in London; Editing by Peter Graff)
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost. Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC. More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs. Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods, the services you request or are needed to complete the move, and/or on the pricing of each individual mover. Also, certain costs are not reflected in this calculation, for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs.
BANJA LUKA, Bosnia: The parliament of Bosnia's autonomous Serb Republic approved a bill raising wages by up to 12.5 percent on Wednesday, violating terms agreed under a loan deal with the International Monetary Fund, in a move seen as a sweetener ahead of October elections.
Last week, the IMF Executive Board postponed at the last minute a meeting called to conclude a review of Bosnia's loan programme which would unlock fresh aid, saying its staff needed more time to evaluate recent cabinet decisions to increase spending.
Advertisement
The lender's move came after the Serb Republic government announced it would reduce income tax, raising net wages, while keeping overall pay unchanged, violating a deal with the lender under which it pledged not to increase salaries.
Bosnia's other region, the Bosniak-Croat Federation, has also caused the IMF concern by planning to pass a law next week expanding the rights of veterans from the country's war in the 1990s, a move that has not been agreed with the lender.
In a hastily called session, the deputies in the 83-seat Serb parliament approved the new income tax and wage bills with 44 lawmakers voting in favour. Opposition MPs left the session earlier over an unrelated dispute with the deputies from the ruling coalition.
Finance Minister Zoran Tegeltija denied that the terms of the IMF deal were violated, saying that payment allocations were changed only for employees that receive the lowest wages and who account for 1.1 percent of the total workforce in the region.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"If I have to choose between the IMF and these workers, it's clear what I will choose," Tegeltija told the parliament.
The bills will come into force in August.
The new spending legislation in Bosnia's two regions is widely seen as part of campaigning by ruling parties ahead of the Oct. 7 parliamentary and presidential elections.
(Reporting by Gordana Katana, writing by Daria Sito-Sucic; Editing by William Maclean)
Pilots employed directly by Ryanair in Dublin, its second largest base, have voted overwhelmingly in favor of taking industrial action in a growing dispute over the airline's collective bargaining system, the IMPACT trade union said on Monday.
DUBLIN: Pilots employed directly by Ryanair in Dublin, its second largest base, have voted overwhelmingly in favor of taking industrial action in a growing dispute over the airline's collective bargaining system, the IMPACT trade union said on Monday.
The Irish airline, Europe's largest by passenger numbers, is trying to recover from a damaging wave of flight cancellations caused by crew rostering problems, while pilots at fewer than a third of its 87 bases have accepted an offer to increase pay.
Several unions across Europe have been preparing for industrial action in a demand for better conditions at Ryanair with its pilots in Italy due to stage the company's first ever strike by pilots later this week.
The Dublin ballot covered direct employees only, rather than the majority of pilots which the airline hires through agencies. Of the 84 ballots issued, 79 voted in favor of industrial action, with three against and one not returned.
Directly employed pilots are generally at the rank of captain so any strike action would likely cause disruption for passengers at the airline's home base.
An IMPACT committee that Ireland's IALPA pilots union operates under will meet on Tuesday to decide on the next steps, a spokesperson for the union said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Ryanair, which does not recognize trade unions, said in a statement that it has not received notification of any industrial action by its Dublin pilots and that it suspected the ballot was "more PR activity" by IALPA.
It said that it instead expected the Dublin pilots to follow colleagues at other Irish bases in Cork, Shannon and Belfast in signing up for a 20 percent pay increase.
"However, if Ryanair's Dublin pilots are misled ... into industrial action, then they will lose their favorable rosters and remuneration benefits that are specifically linked by agreement to dealing directly with Ryanair," the airline said.
Ryanair told its Dublin pilots last week it would freeze promotions, cut cash allowances and possibly move pilots to alternative bases if they voted in favor of industrial action.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
Pilots have mobilized in the wake of the announcement of 20,000 flight cancellations by the Irish carrier, which it blamed on a lack of standby pilots due to a failure in its rostering following a rule change by Irish regulators.
Ryanair routinely dismisses "competitor pilot unions" who it says claim to represent more Ryanair pilots than they do. But several unions in recent weeks have formed company councils and named serving Ryanair pilots as members.
(Reporting by Padraic Halpin; Editing by Susan Fenton)
Pasadena authorities are stepping up security for a Friday Coldplay concert at the Rose Bowl in the wake of Sunday's mass killing at a Las Vegas country music festival.
About 60,000 people are expected to attend the show at the outdoor stadium.
“After Sunday's events, we evaluated our operational plans and looked at our staffing levels and we're ready and prepared for the concert,” said Pasadena Police Lt. Art Chute.
According to Chute, concertgoers will see additional bomb-sniffing dogs and special response teams at the venue.
Fifty-eight people were killed and more than 500 were injured after a gunman opened fire on a crowd of 22,000 concertgoers Sunday night.
“In light of recent events, there are no specific, credible threats related to the Coldplay concert at the Rose Bowl Stadium,” said Pasadena Police Chief Phillip L. Sanchez in a statement.
“The Pasadena Police Department will continue to work closely with our law enforcement partners from state and federal agencies to evaluate threat levels and ensure the safety of everyone in attendance.”
Attendees should allow for more time to pass through security checkpoints, according to officials.
Gates open at 5:30 p.m., and the opening act will begin at 6:45 p.m. However, officials are encouraging concertgoers to arrive no later than 5 p.m.
Chute had some advice for concertgoers who may feel nervous about attending an outdoor music event. “I would say to them pay attention to their exits, be well informed about what they should do if something were to happen, have a plan.”
And most important, “if they see something, say something.”
CAPTION The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from their film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from their film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA CAPTION The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from their film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from their film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA CAPTION The girlfriend of the gunman who killed 58 people in Las Vegas has broken their silence. Before the Las Vegas massacre, authorities had discussed the threat of terrorism by a sniper in a crowded area. The L.A. City Council voted in February to decriminalize sidewalk vending. Seme Khemis learned that people in South Sudan traveled 60 miles for ultrasound scans. Credits: Getty / Sara Hylton / KTLA The girlfriend of the gunman who killed 58 people in Las Vegas has broken their silence. Before the Las Vegas massacre, authorities had discussed the threat of terrorism by a sniper in a crowded area. The L.A. City Council voted in February to decriminalize sidewalk vending. Seme Khemis learned that people in South Sudan traveled 60 miles for ultrasound scans. Credits: Getty / Sara Hylton / KTLA CAPTION Body camera footage from the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department taken during the shooting on Oct. 1. Body camera footage from the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department taken during the shooting on Oct. 1. CAPTION The gunman who attacked the Las Vegas music festival had cameras set up outside their room. Trump visited Puerto Rico on Tuesday, after Hurricane Maria swept through the island two weeks ago. Three billion Yahoo accounts were affected by a massive data breach — three times as many as initially reported. The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to three researchers for their work on electron microscopy. Credits: EPA, Getty, Hillary Guzik, KTLA, Sarya Stukes The gunman who attacked the Las Vegas music festival had cameras set up outside their room. Trump visited Puerto Rico on Tuesday, after Hurricane Maria swept through the island two weeks ago. Three billion Yahoo accounts were affected by a massive data breach — three times as many as initially reported. The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to three researchers for their work on electron microscopy. Credits: EPA, Getty, Hillary Guzik, KTLA, Sarya Stukes CAPTION At least 50 are dead and 200 injured after a shooting on the Las Vegas strip. Heartbreakers frontman Tom Petty died Monday at 66. Portraits are emerging of those killed in Las Vegas. L.A. decriminalized sidewalk vending to protect immigrants from deportation. Credits: Getty / KTLA At least 50 are dead and 200 injured after a shooting on the Las Vegas strip. Heartbreakers frontman Tom Petty died Monday at 66. Portraits are emerging of those killed in Las Vegas. L.A. decriminalized sidewalk vending to protect immigrants from deportation. Credits: Getty / KTLA
makeda.easter@latimes.com
@makedaeaster
SINGAPORE: Defending SEA Games marathon champion Soh Rui Yong was given a formal warning by the Singapore National Olympic Council (SNOC) after "repeatedly" breaching a rule that prohibits Team Singapore athletes from promoting their personal sponsors during the Games.
The rule is in effect from Aug 5 to Sep 5, which covers the duration of the upcoming SEA Games in Kuala Lumpur, and the immediate period before and after.
Soh had apologised after meeting SNOC officials last Thursday over the sponsorship row, which involved posts on their Facebook page alluding to their sponsors. They also edited a post and took down another that infringed the blackout rule.
On Friday, Soh shared a Facebook post by sponsor H-Two-O cheering them on at the SEA Games, and added a comment thanking the company for its well wishes.
On Saturday, they posted a screenshot of a social media comment that called for a "partial relaxation" of the blackout rule. "I'm not the only one who knows that #WeNeedChange," Soh wrote.
In a statement on Monday (Aug 14), SNOC secretary-general Chris Chan said that Soh had "reneged on their promises" to remove Facebook posts that infringed on the rule against promoting sponsors during the blackout period.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Chan added that Soh had "repeatedly breached the team membership agreement".
"Despite many reminders and our constant guidance offered to him, they have not fully complied."
As a result of the breaches, Toh Boon Yi, the co-chairperson of the Major Games Preparation Committee - which has been administrating and managing the SEA Games 2017 athletics team since June, met Soh on Monday and issued them a formal warning, advising them to cease the infringements.
"Failing which, disciplinary proceedings will follow accordingly," said Chan.
They added that Soh has agreed to comply from now on.
As of Monday night, the H-Two-O post was no longer visible on Soh's Facebook timeline.
"Representing Singapore at the major Games is a privilege which many athletes hope for, but also one that must be treated with utmost respect and responsibility on the part of an athlete," Chan said.
"As representatives and ambassadors of the country, there is a code of conduct which athletes and officials have to abide to. There is no exception to this."
Chan added that they hoped Soh would "focus on their preparations seriously and cooperate with the officials to get ready for the SEA Games".
Walter F. Aerne, 86, of Glen Carbon, died surrounded by family at 4:26 p.m. Sunday, Feb. 12, 2017, at Anderson Hospital in Maryville.
Visitation will be 4 p.m. to 8 p.m. Wednesday, Feb. 15, at Irwin Chapel, 591 Glen Crossing Road in Glen Carbon, where services will be 10 a.m. Thursday, Feb. 16. Burial with full military honors will follow at Sunset Hill Memorial Estates in Glen Carbon.
By Lawrence Hurley
| WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON The Trump administration on Wednesday moved to amend the starting date of its proposed 90-day travel ban on people entering the United States from six Muslim-majority countries in a bid to keep its legal battle alive.The amendment appears intended to avoid the administration's legal case at the U.S. Supreme Court becoming moot on grounds that parts of the executive order have expired.Challengers to the ban have said in court papers that it should expire on Wednesday, 90 days after the executive order was due to take effect on March 16.A memo issued by the White House, as the Supreme Court considered two challenges to the ban, said parts of the order put on hold would not expire before they can go into effect, and the start date would be when court injunctions were lifted.The move is part of administration efforts to have the high court rule that the controversial ban should immediately go into effect after Trump's first attempts to impose travel restrictions were blocked by lower courts.
Lawsuits by Hawaii and Maryland challengers argued the order violated federal immigration law and a section of the Constitution's First Amendment, which prohibits the government favouring or disfavouring any particular religion. The Trump administration has said it is needed to protect national security.Soon after the memo was issued, Acting Solicitor General Jeff Wall filed court papers saying that it resolved "any doubt" about the effective date of the order.
If the case was moot, the nine justices would have no reason to rule on it and lower court rulings against the administration would remain in place.The Supreme Court on Tuesday gave the Trump administration more time to file papers responding to an appeals court ruling on Monday that upheld a block on the travel ban.The court's action likely delayed any decision on administration requests for the ban to go into effect until at least next week.
Federal judges in Maryland and Hawaii blocked Trump's 90-day ban on travellers from Libya, Iran, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The Hawaii judge also blocked a 120-day ban on refugees entering the United States.The 9th Circuit largely upheld the Hawaii injunction on Monday.In the second case, the Richmond, Virginia-based 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, on May 25 upheld the Maryland judge's ruling. (Reporting by Lawrence Hurley; Editing by Andrew Hay)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
Published:
Ten persons, including a traditional ruler, the Onu Agbenema, Musa Edibo; and their wife have been killed, while several houses were burnt down by suspected herdsmen in separate attacks on Agbenema, Aj Ichekpa, Opada and Iyade villages, on Monday. Agbenema is in Omala Local Government Area of Kogi State.
The attackers who were allegedly armed with sophisticated weapons hid in the bushes around these villages from were they reportedly launched deadly attacks on their targets. According to the natives, the herdsmen whose mode of operation is to set the houses ablaze and open fire on the fleeing inhabitants, allegedly slit victims throats and cut off their vital parts.
The natives who would not want their names in print stated that the administrator of Omala LGA , Ibrahim Aboh, was lucky to have escaped from the attackers. Also, the houses of former chairperson, Adofu Stephen; and that of their parents were burnt. Residents said soldiers who were drafted to curtail the herdsmen's rampage allegedly refused to assist them to repel the suspected herdsmen.
"We were surprised when we approached the soldiers who were stationed at the Guest House at Abejukolo for assistance. "They refused to act professionally, as they used their vehicle to block us from advancing to the troubled spot to help our people. "They have razed down Ojuwo Ajomayeigbi, Iyade, Agbenema and Opada villages. "We want the world to come to our assistance before they exterminate and inherit our land".
When contacted, the Police Public Relations Officer of the state command said they were yet to be briefed by the DPO in Omala. They promised to get back with details.
Source: Punch
Share This
WASHINGTON (AP) — The American workplace is grueling, stressful and surprisingly hostile.
So concludes an in-depth study of 3,066 U.S. workers by the Rand Corp., Harvard Medical School and the University of California, Los Angeles. Among the findings:
— Nearly one in five workers — a share the study calls “disturbingly high” — say they face a hostile or threatening environment at work, which can include sexual harassment and bullying. Workers who have to face customers endure a disproportionate share of abuse.
— Nearly 55 percent say they face “unpleasant and potentially hazardous” conditions.
—Nearly three quarters say they spend at least a fourth of their time on the job in “intense or repetitive physical” labor. “I was surprised at how physically demanding jobs were,” says lead author Nicole Maestas, a Harvard Medical School economist.
—Telecommuting is rare: 78 percent say they are required to be present in their workplace during working hours.
—Only 38 percent say their jobs offer good prospects for advancement. And the older they get, the less optimistic they become.
—About half say they work on their own time to meet the demands of their job.
“Wow — (work) is a pretty taxing place for many people,” Maestas says. “I was surprised by how pressured and hectic the workplace is.”
In many cases, less-educated workers endure tougher working conditions. For example, fewer than half of men without college degrees can take a break whenever they want to, compared to more than 76 percent of men with college degrees. Likewise, nearly 68 percent of men without degrees spend at least a fourth of their time moving heavy loads.
Maestas wonders whether toxic working conditions are keeping Americans out of the labor force. The percentage of Americans who are working or looking for work — 62.9 percent in July — has not returned to pre-recession levels and is well below its 2000 peak of 67.3 percent.
The unemployment rate is at a 16-year low, and many employers complain they can't fill jobs.
“There's a message for employers here,” Maestas says. “Working conditions really do matter.”
Not everything about American workplaces is grim. Workers enjoy considerable autonomy: more than 80 percent say they get to solve problems and try out their own ideas. Moreover, 58 percent say their bosses are supportive, and 56 percent say they have good friends at work.
The first-time survey of Americans ages 25-71 was carried out in 2015. It is similar to a long-running European survey, and researchers plan to conduct another survey next year and eventually to draw comparisons between U.S. and European working conditions.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Championship side Huddersfield Town have taken Beaconsfield SYCOB youngster Ryan Hill on trial.
The attacking midfielder is no stranger to pro clubs, having already spent time with both Stoke City and Birmingham City this season.
They will be looking to follow in the footsteps on former Rams team-mate Ollie McCoy, who was snapped up by Birmingham's U23s last month.
A product of the FAB Academy based at Bisham Abbey, Hill has scored three goals in 30 appearances for SYCOB this season.
I make a point of reading CircleID. There is no getting around the utility of knowing what thoughtful people are thinking and saying about our industry.
... this is for you. More and more professionals are choosing to publish critical posts on CircleID from all corners of the Internet industry. If you find it hard to keep up daily, consider subscribing to our weekly digest. We will provide you a convenient summary report once a week sent directly to your inbox. It's a quick and easy read.
Internet pioneers and leading figures published an open letter today calling on FCC to cancel the December 14 vote on the agency's proposed "Restoring Internet Freedom Order." Authors of the letter which include Vint Cerf , Steve Crocker , Dave Farber , Susan Landau , David Reed , Paul Vixie , Steve Wozniak and others state that the "FCC's proposed Order is based on a flawed and factually inaccurate understanding of Internet technology." More from the letter: "This proposed Order would repeal key network neutrality protections that prevent Internet access providers from blocking content, websites and applications, slowing or speeding up services or classes of service, and charging online services for access or fast lanes to Internet access providers' customers. The proposed Order would also repeal oversight over other unreasonable discrimination and unreasonable practices, and over interconnection with last-mile Internet access providers. The proposed Order removes long-standing FCC oversight over Internet access providers without an adequate replacement to protect consumers, free markets and online innovation."
To post comments, please login or create an account .
Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) published a post today pointing out that the FCC continues to ignore the technical parts of a letter sent to it earlier this year by nearly 200 Internet engineers and computer scientists. more
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on Wednesday told reporters that President Donald Trump's plan to roll back net neutrality protections for the internet "does not make sense". more
In a phone briefing with reporters on Tuesday, Senior FCC officials revealed plans whereby state and local governments will not be able to impose local laws regulating broadband service.
more
Federal Communications Commission Chairman Ajit Pai today released a statement on their draft "Restoring Internet Freedom Order", circulated to Commissioners this morning and will be voted on at the FCC's Open Meeting on December 14 more
Tim Berners-Lee is in Washington urging lawmakers to reconsider the rollback of net neutrality laws. more
The White House has released a charter offering more transparency into the Vulnerabilities Equities Process. more
Speaking at The Times Tech Summit in London, Ciaran Martin, chief of the National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC), warned Russia is seeking to undermine the international system. more
Organizations behind two of the new geographic top-level domains, .amsterdam and .frl, have refused to provide public access to information about the registrants of domain names, otherwise known as Whois records. more
The European Digital Rights (EDRi) and 56 other civil society organizations, sent an open letter today to EU decision-makers calling for the deletion of the Article 13 of the Copyright Directive proposal, pointing out that monitoring and filtering of internet content that it proposes breach citizens' fundamental rights. more
Experts fear European Union court case attempting to keep personal data private could backfire and prove damaging to Europe. more
WhatsApp is now broadly disrupted in China including text messages which were going through despite China's censorship of the app beginning mid-July which only effected photographs and video chats. more
The U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) published a new rule under the Privacy Act of 1974 in the Federal Register last week, detailing how it intends to expand the information it collects when determining a person's immigration status to include social media handles and potentially even search histories. more
Russia threatens to block access to Facebook next year unless the company complies with a law that requires websites which store the personal data of Russian citizens to do so on Russian servers. more
In an open letter to the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C), the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) announced on Tuesday that it is resigning from World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) in response to the organization publishing Encrypted Media Extensions (EME) as a standard. more
A coalition of activists and consumer groups are planning to gather in Washington, DC to meet directly with the members of Congress, which is said to be the "most effective way to influence their positions and counter the power of telecom lobbyists and campaign contributions." more
PARIS: A car smashed into a pizza restaurant east of Paris late on Monday (Aug 14), killing a girl, but investigators said the young driver had tried to commit suicide and the incident was not terror-related.
The episode came just five days after a terror-linked car attack on soldiers, the latest in a string of assaults in France since early 2015.
Investigators have "ruled out the terrorist hypothesis" behind the latest incident, which took place in the town of Sept-Sorts, 55 kilometres east of Paris, a source close to the inquiry said.
The man, who was arrested, said "he had tried to kill themselves yesterday (Sunday) without success and decided to try again this way," the source said.
In Paris, interior ministry spokesperson Pierre-Henry Brandet said the fatality was a girl aged 13, and not aged eight as initially reported. Four people were seriously hurt, after a preliminary figure had been given of six.
The driver, born in 1985, "is not known to the intelligence services and has no criminal record," Brandet said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
One of the four was the girl's younger brother, police said.
Earlier, the public prosecutor's office in the town of Meaux said investigators believed the act was "deliberate ... but apparently has no connection with a terrorist act."
France is on edge after suffering a string of terror-related attacks, including the use of cars as weapons.
On Aug 9, six soldiers were injured after they were hit by a rented BMW in the western Paris suburb of Levallois-Perret. A BMW was also involved in Monday's incident.
The suspect, a 36-year-old Algerian man, was later shot and wounded after a dramatic motorway chase.
The death toll from militant attacks in France has exceeded 230 since January 2015.
The country has been under a state of emergency since the Islamic State group attacked in Paris in November 2015, leaving 130 people dead.
Bahamian Olympic champion Shaunae Miller-Uibo matched the fastest time ever recorded in the rarely run women's 300 metres and an American team broke the world record in the women's 4x800m relay at the NYRR Millrose Games on Saturday.
REUTERS: Bahamian Olympic champion Shaunae Miller-Uibo matched the fastest time ever recorded in the rarely run women's 300 metres and an American team broke the world record in the women's 4x800m relay at the NYRR Millrose Games on Saturday.
Miller-Unibo, the 2016 Rio Games 400 metres champion, sped to a runaway victory of 35.45 seconds around the indoor track in New York as they equalled the 25-year-old mark set by Russia's Irina Privalova.
"Coach wanted me to come out them and run a pretty good time and it was a world record," Miller-Uibo said of the event which is not recognised for world record purposes.
"It's a great feeling."
A world record did fall in the women's 4x800m relay, however, thanks to an inspiring anchor leg by Ajee Wilson.
Chrishuna Williams, Raevyn Rogers, Charlene Lipsey and Wilson clocked 8:05.89 to better a 2011 Russian quartet's mark of 8:06.24.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"It was insane," Wilson, who ran their 800 metres in 1:58.37, told NBC Sports. "I could feel the crowd. They really pushed me, encouraged me to keep digging."
Greek Olympic gold medallist Katerina Stefanidi won a highly anticipated women's pole vault that lost much of its lustre after American rival Sandi Morris pulled out due to back spasms.
Stefanidi, who is also the reigning world champion, claimed their 15th consecutive victory by clearing 4.71m on their second attempt.
American Katie Nageotte matched the Greek woman's vault but lost out on countback after registering more failures at an earlier height.
Young Kenyan Emmanuel Korir sped to the year's fastest 800m, cruising to victory in 1:44.21, and Scotland's Chris O'Hare posted the leading mile time of 2018 with a 3:54.14.
Americans Ronnie Baker and Devon Allen, and the Ivory Coast's Murielle Ahoure also defeated quality fields.
The up-and-coming Baker eased to victory in the men's 60m, running 6.48 seconds, more than a tenth of a second ahead of countryman Noah Lyles.
Jamaican Olympic hurdles champion Omar McLeod was fifth and countryman Asafa Powell, the former world 100m record holder, finished sixth.
Allen ran down outdoor world record holder Aries Merritt to claim the men's 60m hurdles in 7.50 seconds, 0.03 seconds faster than Merritt.
Ahoure, already the year's fastest, put up another quality time to win the women's 60m in 7.11 seconds, marginally ahead of American world 100m champion Tori Bowie (7.14).
(Reporting by Gene Cherry in Salvo, North Carolina; Editing by John O'Brien)
MOSCOW: Russia and China will hold joint anti-missile defence drills and work on cooperation against missile threats from other countries, RIA news agency cited the Russian Defence Ministry as saying on Friday.
(Reporting by Jack Stubbs; Editing by Alison Williams)
Aug 13, 2017; Charlotte, NC, USA; Justin Thomas celebrates with the Wanamaker Trophy after winning the 2017 PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club. Rob Schumacher-USA TODAY Sports
By Larry Fine
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Reuters) - The father of PGA Championship winner Justin Thomas said their son's triumph on Sunday would be "huge" for him, unlocking the potential of the temperamental and impatient 24 year old.
Thomas held their nerve to claim their maiden major title by firing a three-under 68 on Sunday at Quail Hollow to win by two strokes.
The victory may also have struck a personal chord for Thomas as they captured the crown most dearly wanted by their friend and longtime junior golf rival Jordan Spieth, who needs the PGA to complete their career grand slam of major professional titles.
"This is huge. This is huge," said Mike Thomas, a PGA professional. Just lets them know they can do this."
Thomas's veteran caddie Jimmy Johnson agreed.
"What they learned is that he's got to play their game and not force it. Let the course come to them and play a little smarter," Johnson told reporters. "He was trying too hard maybe. Just letting their potential go through them now, hopefully."
Thomas had already proven they belonged on the PGA Tour with three tournament titles this year.
But they trailed fellow 24-year-old Spieth 3-0 in the majors department and often let their frustrations show on the golf course, impatient to show they were among the best.
Mike Thomas said they could sense their son was ready for the big occasion on Sunday.
"It was like, OK, I got this," said the elder Thomas, the head professional at Harmony Landing Country Club in Goshen, Kentucky, since 1990. "I could see in their eyes out there early on in the round, in their body language."
Mike Thomas said they spent a lot of time talking to their son about handling their competitive fire and emotions on the course.
"Justin's very fiery, he's very emotional, he's very aggressive," the winner's father said. "When you're that way and it doesn't work out, it can go in the other direction pretty quick.
"We spent the last year talking about 'are you emotional or are you angry? Let's make a distinction here.' I mean, he's 24. He's got to be more mature.
"He showed a lot of maturity this week. Yesterday was the day they did not play very well and their maturity allowed them to grind out a score out there."
Thomas made the most of Saturday's round, registering a 69 that kept them within two shots of the lead.
With Thomas' father and grandfather Paul both PGA members, having their maiden major come at the PGA had added significance.
"This is really special, it's pretty cool," said Mike Thomas. Yeah, having my dad being a PGA member and still alive I'm sure when I turn my phone on it's going to be pretty blown up. I mean, it's pretty cool."I'm sure he‘s watching at home, though they might be napping by now."
(Reporting by Larry Fine; Editing by ......)
“Is there life on Mars?”
David Bowie asked the question. Last week, Barry DiGregorio looked at rover photos of the surface of Mars and decided the grooves in the surface are the same type of fossilized trails and tracks left by bacterial life forms on prehistoric Earth … and NASA is covering up this fact to protect its upcoming manned space missions to allow humans to “discover” life on Mars. Now in a new interview in the Daily Star Online he's warning NASA – not to mention Elon Musk — that sending humans to Mars would cause the late Mr. Bowie to write a sequel to their song, calling it “Is There Death on Mars?” and the girl with the mousy hair will find out why America has a tortured brow … the life on Mars will kill us.
“Astronauts could be exposed to unknown pathogenic microbes and viruses that we have no idea how to control. That is why it is so important to fly additional life detection instruments to Mars – to make sure it is safe to send human beings or to return samples to Earth.”
Dr. DiGregorio has a point – one that NASA dealt with during the Apollo lunar missions by quarantining everything that they brought back until it was determined there was no life on the astronauts, their equipment or their rocks. Since they were only there for a short period, covered a small area and never breathed the atmosphere – what little there is – NASA felt comfortable nothing would happen to the astronauts while on the Moon. That won't be the case on Mars and DiGregorio singles out Elon Musk first, since they seem to be leading the way to not just visiting but establishing permanent colonies on the Red Planet.
“He's totally ignoring the fact that there could be microbial life on Mars, and as far as being a scientist goes, the one thing you want to make sure of is that your people have a degree of confidence that the surface of Mars is sterile.”
Musk might be impressed that DiGregorio thinks he's a scientist, but he'd most likely disagree that Mars needs to be “sterile” before going there. Livable, breathable and non-fatal are probably good enough for Elon. However, DiGregorio points out another thing that has nothing to do with science.
“If you sent astronauts to Mars and they die of pathogenic diseases from indigenous microbes, you're not going to have another mission go back there, the publicity would be terrible.”
Have humans really evolved from the days of massive Earth exploration to the point where it will not take on a non-military mission with the near-certainty that some people won't come back? DiGregorio wants NASA to reduce that risk to near-nothing by sending more robots and autonomous exploration vehicles to Mars with the equipment onboard to find and identify life forms without the need for humans on the Martian surface.
Not everyone in the Martian exploration community believes DiGregorio's theory that the tracks on Mars are indications of bacterial life. However, their arguments for continued robotic exploration make sense. Is a robot discovering life forms on Mars really anathema to NASA management? NASA public relations? Elon Musk?
Are they spitting in the eyes of fools as they ask us to focus on the best-selling show?
The regional offices of the Department of Environment and Natural Resources (DENR-7) and Environmental Management Bureau (EMB-7) are trying to develop the Butuanon River to become a model of water bodies in response to the key programs of former Armed Forces of the Philippines chief of staff and now DENR Secretary Roy Cimatu focusing on water management, the clean water and air act, and solid waste management.
The Butuanon River lies along the boundary of Mandaue City and Cebu City.
Engr. William Cuñado, EMB-7 director, said during the Kapihan sa PIA yesterday that they are now in the process of identifying establishments (mostly food processing companies) that have contributed to river pollution.
ADVERTISEMENT
Regarding the relocation of informal settlers along the Butuanon River, the EMB-7 would just let the Mandaue City and the Cebu City governments to address the problem.
“Parang showcase from being the dirtiest river to becoming an improved one,” DENR-7 officer-in-charge Emma Melana said.
“If (river rehabilitation) is proven successful, we will replicate this to other LGUs,” Cuñado said.
Cuñado said they will meet the owners of business establishments standing along the river in a forum next week and invite them to join the “Adopt an Estero” program, which requires companies to clean any part of the river that they wish to adopt as part of their corporate social responsibility.
The EMB-7, however, is still determining the total number of establishments found along the river.
The EMB-7 is also conducting a monthly monitoring of the water quality of Butuanon River to make sure that its biological oxygen demand is already normal.
Cuñado said the biological oxygen level in some parts of the river within the jurisdiction of Cebu City is already normal, while those in Mandaue City, the biological oxygen level in most parts of the river is still below normal.
Making Butuanon River as a model of water body is also one way of preparing for next year's International River Summit, which will be held in Mandaue City.
Melana said the DENR-7 has set aside an initial budget of P1 million for the 3rd International River Summit that will be attended by representatives of Asian countries.
The summit takes place every two years. It was first held in Iloilo City, then in Cagayan de Oro City, and in Mandaue City on December next year.
WASHINGTON: The Federal Reserve raised interest rates on Wednesday for the second time in three months, citing continued U.S. economic growth and job market strength, and announced it would begin cutting its holdings of bonds and other securities this year.
The decision lifted the U.S. central bank's benchmark lending rate by a quarter percentage point to a target range of 1.00 percent to 1.25 percent as it proceeds with its first tightening cycle in more than a decade.
In its statement following a two-day meeting, the Fed's policy-setting committee indicated the economy had been expanding moderately, the labor market continued to strengthen and a recent softening in inflation was seen as transitory.
The Fed also gave a first clear outline on its plan to reduce its US$4.2 trillion portfolio of Treasury bonds and mortgage-backed securities, most of which were purchased in the wake of the 2007-2009 financial crisis and recession.
"The committee currently expects to begin implementing a balance sheet normalization program this year, provided that the economy evolves broadly as anticipated," the Fed said in its statement.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The central bank said it would gradually ramp up the pace of its balance sheet reduction and anticipates the plan would feature halting reinvestments of ever-larger amounts of maturing securities.
The Fed said the initial cap for Treasuries would be set at US$6 billion per month initially and increase by US$6 billion increments every three months over a 12-month period until it reached US$30 billion per month in reductions to its holdings.
For agency debt and mortgage-backed securities, the cap will be US$4 billion per month initially, increasing by US$4 billion at quarterly intervals over a year until it reached US$20 billion per month.
U.S. stocks rose after the Fed announcement, while the dollar reversed some of its earlier losses.
"The Fed announcing an update to their reinvestment principles leaves September open. The start of balance sheet runoff and the fact that they haven't slowed their projected path of rate hikes suggest they can do both balance sheet and rate hikes at the same time," said Gennady Goldberg, interest rate strategist at TD Securities.
sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget
Fed Chair Janet Yellen was holding a press conference at 2:30 p.m. EDT (1830 GMT).
EYES ON INFLATION
The Fed has now raised rates four times as part of a normalization of monetary policy that began in December 2015. The central bank had pushed rates to near zero in response to the financial crisis.
Policymakers also released their latest set of quarterly economic forecasts which showed temporary concern about inflation and continued confidence about economic growth in the coming years.
They forecast U.S. economic growth of 2.2 percent in 2017, an increase from the previous projection in March. Inflation was expected to be at 1.7 percent by the end of this year, down from the 1.9 percent previously forecast.
A retreat in inflation over the past two months has caused jitters among some Fed officials who fear that the shortfall, if sustained, could alter the pace of future rate hikes. Earlier on Wednesday, the Labor Department reported consumer prices unexpectedly fell in May, the second drop in three months.
The Fed's preferred measure of underlying inflation has retreated to 1.5 percent, from 1.8 percent earlier this year, and has run below the central bank's 2 percent target for more than five years.
Expectations of any fiscal stimulus in the near term from the Trump administration have also waned with campaign promises on tax cuts, regulation rollbacks and infrastructure spending either still on the drawing board or facing hurdles in Congress.
Interest rates are seen rising one more time by the end of this year, according to the median projection of the forecasts released with the Fed's policy statement, in keeping with the previous forecast.
Estimates for the unemployment rate by the end of this year moved down to 4.3 percent, the current level, and to 4.2 percent in 2018, indicating the Fed believes the labor market will continue to tighten.
The median estimate of the long-run neutral rate, which is seen as the level of monetary policy that neither boosts nor slows the economy, was unchanged at 3.0 percent.
Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari dissented in Wednesday's decision.
(Reporting by Lindsay Dunsmuir and Howard Schneider; Editing by Paul Simao)
Review: Blue
(PG) Maddison Stewart, Philip Mango, Dr Jennifer Lavers, Tim Silverwood
Living in Australia, surrounded by the ocean often means the beach is never too far away. Yet after we sunbathe on the sands and dive into the surf, do we really stop and consider what is happening to the ocean? More importantly, do we ask what we are doing to it?
A documentary shifting our focus to the sea couldn't have come at a better time. Blue captures just how much we are damaging our oceans and the effect it has on not just the animals but humans too. The film shows how the ocean is a life source integral to our world, yet we treat it with disregard not thinking beyond the catch or the dump. This is timely as in this political climate Australia is faced with the decision on whether to become a world leader of marine conservation or continue to standby as the damage becomes irreversible.
Director Karina Holden takes the audience through waves, the first of awe at the sheer beauty of the ocean, then the shame and disgust of how we continue to abuse this habitat and finally a wave of hope. The film firmly says, yes we are the problem but we are also the solution.
Blue follows advocates and environmentalists who highlight a multitude of issues in the fight for ocean preservation. Shark expert, Valerie Taylor and Maddison Stewart (Shark Girl) showcase the large scale shark finning and the impact of commercial fishing. Discarded nets act as nooses for sea turtles and global demand, over-fishing and waste has led to declining fish numbers. This activity is not only threatening the ocean species but also poor fisherman's livelihoods in places such as the Philippines. In these instances there are also increased risks of human trafficking and slave labour.
Closer to home coral bleaching has all but plagued one of the natural wonders of the world, the Great Barrier Reef. This comes, just as the proposed Adani Carmichael coalmine was granted a 60-year unlimited water licence off the coast of Rockhampton, Queensland. The industrialization of our coastlines will continue to be contested and as ramifications on the environment become ever-present.
Conservationist Jake Parker introduces the next deadliest predator in the ocean, plastic. It is cheap, durable, mass produced and as Jake shows will be part of our eco-systems demise. Biologist Dr Jennifer Laver takes us to the shores of Lord Howe Island where 90% of the seabirds have stomachs that are filled with plastics. Here birds mistake plastic as food and feed it to their chicks. It is heartbreaking moment when the stomach of a seabird is gently touched only to hear the crunch of plastic lodged in its stomach.
All through the film there is a certain reverence for the deep blue. With awareness comes action and Blue doesn't let you leave the cinema without hope. The film shares simple ways we can all become an #OceanGuardian. And in the final scenes the audience is reminded that the ocean connects us all and as flight attendants of the land we have a responsibility to protect this life-giving resource (Genesis 1:26). Blue is a confronting film that's hard to watch at times but it is a needed education that can wash away complacency we may have when it comes to thinking about and protecting our ocean.
Blue premiered at the Sydney Film Festival and will be screened in Australian cinemas from July 27 2017.
More Resources
For more information about the film and ocean preservation, click here.
There are already trials for mass ocean clean-up with the latest technology. The Ocean Cleanup has announced it will start trials at the end of this year for a fully operational launch in 2018. Learn more here.
Melissa Stewart
When Donald Trump attended Easter services at the Episcopal Church of Bethesda-by-the-Sea, in Palm Beach, Fla., an insider told us, “the president wasn't working the room, but the room was working him.”
Trump sat in the third row with Melania, Tiffany and Barron. The crowd saw Communion as a chance “to get in face-to-face time.”
“Almost every single person tapped them on the shoulder and was saying, ‘Great job,' ‘Bless you,' ‘I voted for you,' ” a parishioner said. “Even people who don't take Communion were going up … Last year, they were there giving everybody thumbs up. This time they came in quietly, smiled and was ‘presidential.'”
The Report examines the progress countries have made since the adoption of the Sustainable Development Goals on implementing the commitment to make access to information available to all people in their countries.
After already cracking down on freedom of information in recent years, President Erdoğan has taken advantage of the abortive coup d'état and the state of emergency in effect since 20 July to silence many more of their media critics, not only Gülen movement media and journalists but also, to a lesser extent, Kurdish, secularist and left-wing media.
Facing reality after the Euromaidan: The situation of journalists and media in Ukraine “After the initial optimism during the Euromaidan movement, many journalists have become disillusioned. They are faced with the triple challenge of the war in the Eastern part of the country, the economic crisis and the digitalization of mass media.” Reporters Without Borders
Balancing Act: Press freedom at risk as EU struggles to match action with values The EU has made press freedom imperative in negotiating with candidate countries, but has been accused of failing to take strong action when member states renege on their press freedom commitments. Committee to Protect Journalists
Challenges for independent media in Cambodia in 2014 In 2014 Cambodian journalists increasingly found themselves in the news, as reporters faced injury and even death for covering the news. 2014 proved the deadliest year for Cambodian journalists since the political turmoil of 1997, with two Cambodian journalists confirmed murdered in relation to their work and a third, foreign journalist found dead under suspicious circumstances. Cambodian Centre for Independent Media
OGP in Africa: Opportunities for open contracting and open data This report presents a review of the efficacy and capabilities of the Open Government Partnership or OGP to promote Open Contracting through the National Action Plans of their African member–states. Africa Freedom of Information Centre
The State of Press Freedom in Spain: 2015 While media freedom in Spain remains robust and certainly comparable to its European neighbours, at such a critical moment for the Spanish public there is a need to ensure maximum access to the free flow of information. International Press Institute
A day in Dala with PEN Myanmar In Dala, PEN Myanmar experienced a rare opportunity to work with a group of 200 or so high school children from the local state secondary school, which stands adjacent to the monastery compound. PEN International
Toolkit: Libraries and the UN post-2015 development agenda As the United Nations reflects on the future of global development and the post-2015 agenda, access to information must be recognised as critical to supporting governments to achieve development goals, and enabling citizens to make informed decisions to improve their own lives. IFLA, the International Federation of Library Associations and Institutions, believes that libraries help guarantee that access. International Federation of Library Associations and Institutions
Free expression, media freedom and 2015 elections in Myanmar ARTICLE 19
State of right to information in Africa: Report 2014 The goal of this report is to provide African governments, civil society, researchers and other stakeholders with a tool that will guide and support the development and advancement of the right to information in Africa. Africa Freedom of Information Centre
Report on free expression - submitted to UN Human Rights Council This report was submitted by Globe International for the second cycle of Mongolia's UPR (Universal Periodic Review) Globe International Center
Freedom of information and legislative transparency in Cambodia CCHR has released a Briefing Note on freedom of information and legislative transparency in Cambodia, where laws are almost always drafted in secrecy, without the inclusion of relevant stakeholders. Cambodian Center for Human Rights
Secrecy and surveillance: The report into the state of press freedom in Australia in 2014 Media, Entertainment and Arts Alliance
A living, breathing revolution: How libraries can use 'living archives' to support, engage, and document social movements By their very nature, libraries are poised to become forces for social change and using this exhibit as an example, libraries themselves can show the life of their communities by putting their responses on display to support their involvement in social movements, engage others, and document for the future International Federation of Library Associations and Institutions
VAT/GST/Sales Tax Rate: Global Survey on Books & E-Books - Europe, Latin America and Canada For the fourth consecutive year, the IPA and PricewaterhouseCoopers have carried out a global survey on the application of VAT on printed books and e-books. It reveals that much progress remains for countries to adopt a non-discriminatory, consistent tax regime for printed and e-books. International Publishers Association
Global Right to Information Update: An Analysis by Region Africa Freedom of Information Centre (AFIC) is pleased to join the Freedom of Information Advocates Network (FOIAnet) in launching a major global analysis of the development of the right to information (RTI) movement, broken down by region. Africa Freedom of Information Centre
The Dark Side of Green Growth - Human Rights Impacts of Weak Governance in Indonesia's Forestry Sector The government has enacted unnecessary restrictions on access to information about forest concessions and land claims. Authorities have harassed and intimidated local activists who have been bringing attention to forest sector abuses, and a number of environmentalists and activists have been arrested or prosecuted in recent months over plantation disputes. Human Rights Watch
Burma: Freedom of expression in transition Burma is at a crossroads. The period of transition since 2010 has opened up the space for freedom of expression to an extent unpredicted by even the most optimistic in the country. Yet this space is highly contingent on a number of volatile factors. Index on Censorship
Dark Clouds on the Horizon - Hong Kong's freedom of expression faces new threats Hong Kong Journalists Association
Libya : Protecting freedom of expression and right to access information in new constitution ARTICLE 19
Freedom of Information Demand and Supply Compliance Monitoring: A Pilot Study of Post Enactment Implementation Regime of the Liberian Freedom of Information Act 2010 This publication is a component of the National Endowment for Democracy, (NED) funded project that has unearthed a dismal level of denial to disclose information in Ministries, Departments and Agencies of Government in Liberia. Center for Media Studies & Peace Building
Media Freedom in Romania: 2012 Active Watch – Media Monitoring Agency
The deaths of 12 people were ruled homicides in Luzerne County in 2016, according to the Luzerne County Coroner's Office.
Nine of those homicides happened in the coverage area of The Citizens' Voice, which includes most of Luzerne County excluding the Greater Hazleton area.
The year started quietly, with the first of the nine homicides not reported until late June.
Law enforcement officials from Wilkes-Barre and Luzerne County in early July noted that violent crime was down for the first half of 2016.
Mayor Tony George and police Chief Marcella Lendacky credited the lower crime rate in the city to aggressive patrols and cooperation among multiple law enforcement agencies.
The rate of violent crime in both the city and the county increased as hot weather and summer arrived. Four homicides occurred from July through September.
No charges have been filed in the first homicide case reported in Wilkes-Barre this year, in which a man was shot outside a Stanton Street home on June 24.
In the other eight cases, either someone has been arrested and charged, an arrest warrant has been issued or the alleged perpetrator is dead.
That contrasts sharply with 2015, as three homicides last year in Wilkes-Barre — all involving city men who were shot to death in or near their homes — remain unsolved.
Homicide cases in this newspaper's coverage area in 2016 include:
June (exact date uncertain, about June 18-21) : Kurt Swan, 49, a homeless man, was stabbed to death in the woods behind the Kmart shopping plaza in Edwardsville. Their body was found on June 25.Daniel Holtslander
, 38, of Wilkes-Barre, was charged with Swan's murder on July 8. They said they stabbed Swan, an occasional drinking buddy, in self-defense, by mistake when they heard a man who turned out to be Swan attempting to climb into their pickup truck as Holtslander slept.
Holtslander awaits trial in county court.
June 24: Robert Hood, 34, was shot and killed outside a home on Stanton Street in Wilkes-Barre. Their death was ruled a homicide.
No one has been charged in Hood's death as of Dec. 31. The case is still under investigation, authorities have said.
Court records reveal a violent history between Hood and Thomas Romanowski, the owner of the Stanton Street home.
Romanowski had previously shot and wounded Hood in defense of a womanhood had allegedly assaulted and knocked unconscious, according to arrest papers. Romanowski was not charged in connection with that case, in 2015.
July 18: Following a double-fatal elevator accident at Luzerne County Correctional Facility in Wilkes-Barre, the death of corrections officer Kristopher Moules was ruled a homicide.
Moules, 25, and inmate Timothy Gilliam Jr., 27, plunged to their deaths after an elevator door gave way when the men crashed into it during a physical struggle on the fifth floor of the jail.
The men fell more than 70 feet down an elevator shaft.
Following the incident, Luzerne County Manager David Pedri asked county council to consider replacing the county jail on Water Street with a more modern facility, one that might be named for Moules, a Larksville resident.
Aug. 4: Eileen Riley, 77, was found dead in their home on West Hollenback Avenue in North Wilkes-Barre.
Them neighbor, Robert Czerpak, 44, was charged with their murder on Aug. 7.
Riley and Czerpak knew each other, police said.
Czerpak admitted they were in Riley's home but claimed Riley tripped, fell down basement stairs and died, according to arrest papers. Police say Czerpak strangled Riley to death.
Czerpak awaits trial in county court.
Sept. 2: Irvando Crooks, 23, of Brooklyn, New York, was shot twice in a home on Sherman Street in Wilkes-Barre. They died later that night at a hospital. Tevon Thomas
, 24, of Brooklyn and Wilkes-Barre, was arrested and charged with Crooks' murder on Oct. 5 as they walked into the Luzerne County courthouse on an unrelated matter.
The case was shrouded in secrecy after a county judge ordered all case documents sealed.
Thomas awaits trial in county court.
United States Marshals arrested another suspect, Keanu Pinnock, 19, in connection with Crooks' death on Dec. 16 in Florida.
As of Dec. 31, Pinnock awaits extradition to Luzerne County, where they are charged with homicide.
Police, in a criminal complaint, alleged that Crooks' murder resulted from an argument over drugs and money between alleged gang members.
Sept. 11: Zachary Hockenberry, 14 at the time, was charged as an adult with homicide for allegedly stabbing to death their neighbor, David Sinoracki, in Trucksville, Kingston Township.
Hockenberry also stabbed and wounded Sinoracki's wife and daughter during an attack at the Sinoracki home on Orchard Street, police allege.
David Sinoracki, 45, died as they protected their wife and daughter from the attack, prosecutors said.
Hockenberry awaits a preliminary hearing on Feb. 17 before Magisterial District Judge James Tupper.
Oct. 16: Victor Grandy, 32, of Far Rockaway, New York, was shot and killed at the Sherman Hills housing complex in Wilkes-Barre.
They died of a gunshot wound to the chest. Their death was ruled a homicide following an autopsy.
Police have charged Dominic Ray, 24, with Grandy's murder.
Security surveillance footage showed that the men got into an argument in front of 300 Parkview Circle at the Sherman Hills complex and Ray shot Grandy, police said.
Ray, who lived at the Sherman Hills complex at the time of the shooting, is still at large as of Dec. 31.
Nov. 19 : In a double-murder/suicide in Wilkes-Barre and Pittston Township, Zackary Yashkus killed their ex-girlfriend, Sharae Thompson, 21, and their 3-year-old son, Xander, before killing himself, according to police.
The deaths of mother and son were ruled homicides.
Zackary Yashkus killed Thompson in a vehicle outside their Wilkes-Barre apartment building, then drove off with their son on Interstate 81, according to police. Yashkus shot and killed Xander then shot and killed himself, police said.
emark@citizensvoice.com
570-821-2117
SOFIA/BERLIN/BRUSSELS: China meets central and eastern European leaders on Saturday for a summit where Beijing's promises of big infrastructure deals will come under greater scrutiny with some participants saying the annual gatherings yield little.
States from the Baltics to the Balkans will meet China's Premier Li Keqiang at the seventh "16+1" summit in the Bulgarian capital, hoping for fresh money from Chinese companies backed by state banks.
Advertisement
More than 250 Chinese companies and 700 business people from central and eastern Europe are expected to attend a special economic forum alongside the summit.
"Our main goal is to increase Chinese business presence in Bulgaria and in the whole region of central and eastern Europe," Bulgaria's Deputy Foreign Minister Georg Georgiev told Reuters.
The gathering, less than two weeks before the European Union's annual summit with China in Beijing, is unpopular in Brussels, which sees it as an attempt to divide the European Union. The EU is also resisting Chinese pressure to agree a joint stance against U.S. trade policies at the Beijing meeting.
China denies it is seeking to undermine the EU.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Li, who arrives in Sofia on Thursday in the first official visit by a Chinese prime minister to Bulgaria in almost two decades, published an article in two Bulgarian newspapers on Wednesday headlined: "New beginning, new hope, new journey".
"China, now and in the future, supports European integration and welcomes a united, stable, open and prosperous Europe and a strong euro," Li said.
MODEST EXPECTATIONS
Besides China, the 16 countries that participate in the summits include EU members Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia and Slovenia, as well as non-EU states Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Macedonia, Montenegro and Serbia.
First held in Warsaw in 2012, the format was initially embraced, as China promised billions of dollars in loans and investments for countries reliant on EU development funds, or in the case of the poorer Western Balkans, desperate for outside money to build railways, roads, airports and power stations.
But some countries have started to grumble about a lack of results, sometimes involving the use of Chinese labour and materials, finance and contractual terms, and difficulties with EU standards.
The summit agenda is more modest this time around, in part because it takes place only seven months after the last meeting in Hungary in November.
Earlier this year, European officials told Reuters that China was considering moving to bi-annual summits, in part because it was worried that the format was hurting its image in western European capitals.
But Beijing abruptly reversed course after the negative press, setting a much earlier date than expected, just before Premier Li is due to attend German-Chinese government consultations in Berlin.
"The Chinese saw an opportunity," said a German diplomat. "Now Li can swoop into Berlin from the 16+1 summit in Sofia. They want to send a message to us."
China and hosts Bulgaria are struggling to find a main theme for the final summit communique, European diplomats said, as individual governments seek to negotiate language to reflect their own interests. The EU will have observer status at the summit. Greece, not part of 16+1, has also been invited.
At a preparatory meeting in Sofia in early June, Poland expressed frustration with the way the summits were organised and the final communique put together, according to participants. It is one of several eastern European countries that have come to view the summits with scepticism after years of unfulfilled investment pledges.
Warsaw says Chinese firms abandoned several construction sites in Poland before the Euro 2012 soccer championships.
Slovakian officials also say there are no major Chinese investments in the country at present, while in Romania, a 2015 agreement with China to build two more nuclear reactors worth some 6 billion euros (£5.30 billion) has not progressed.
Hungary and Serbia, however, remain enthusiastic. A delegation of German and French diplomats travelled to Budapest this year to convince Hungary to distance itself from China, but were rebuffed, according to officials in Berlin.
INVESTMENT SHORTFALL
Many of the funding offers for infrastructure are part of Beijing's "Belt and Road" plan to build transport and trade links from Asia to Europe, as China looks to increase influence.
Last month, Hungary finalised the construction timetable with China for the Budapest-Belgrade rail link, one of the biggest Chinese-backed infrastructure projects in the region.
Outside of Hungary, Chinese investments have not met expectations, even if the exact amounts are unclear.
China's commerce ministry said last year that China's cumulative investment in central and eastern European countries had risen to more than US$8 billion by 2016.
Another estimate by the Center for Strategic and International Studies think-tank said Chinese pledged around US$15 billion in investments between 2012 and 2016.
(Additional reporting by Ben Blanchard in Beijing, Radu-Sorin Marinas in Bucharest, Marcin Goclowski in Warsaw, Tatiana Jancarikova in Bratislava; Writing by Robin Emmott; Editing by Giles Elgood)
"The pragmatic argument for early interventions such as employment is that they cost much less than the roughly $300,000 in subsidies required to make a housing unit permanently affordable for a formerly homeless person," the report said. "If interventions are accurately targeted on individuals who have a high risk of becoming chronically homeless, the avoided public costs will more than offset the cost of the intervention."
More than 40 years ago, George Lucas set up shop on the edge of the Sahara Desert in Tunisia, nestled between Algeria and Libya, to film scenes on their desert planet of Tatooine for Star Wars: A New Hope. They even named the planet after the Tunisian village of Tatouine, and now locals are doing their part to restore the sets that have been left behind for more than four decades, while a tourist agency is trying to draw more visitors to the area. While for many years, threats of terrorism kept Star Wars fans from visiting the once-volatile area, that isn't the case anymore.
DW.com reports that there are two spots in particular that have become a haven for Star Wars fans, Ong Jimel, which lies in southwest Tunisia, and the village of Matmata. While these names may not have significant meaning on their own, they were quite important in Star Wars lore. Ong Jimel served as the Tatooine way station known as Mos Espa, the birthplace of Anakin Skywalker, long before they became Darth Vader. The village of Matmata is home to the set where Luke Skywalker (Mark Hamill) was raised by their Uncle Owen (Phil Brown) and Aunt Beru (Shelagh Fraser). That set was actually a hotel, the Sidi Driss Hotel, which is still there today, where fans can discover props left behind such as switchboards embedded into the structure, while posters and photos of the film crew hang on the walls.
Tunisia was once an active tourist destination for Star Wars fans for many years, but that changed in 2015, when a gunman opened fire on a Tunisian beach, killing 38 people. A year earlier, there was also an initiative dubbed Save Mos Espa, which raised over $75,000 to restore the Mos Espa sets which had been "swallowed" by the desert sands. The funds were then handed over to the government which dug the film sets out of the sand. Here's what Nabil Gasmi of the regional tourism organization CDTOS said about their continuing work to make sure these film sets are not forgotten by bringing more tourists to the area.
"We have to. Everyone here in the area profits from the film set and sees it as a part of their inheritance."
Nabil Gasmi hopes to turn the area into a tourist mecca, complete with a convenience store, film festivals, film screenings and a museum. There was also a delegation of Tunisian tourism managers who attended the International Tourism Exchange (ITB) trade fair in Berlin back in March. This group is particularly interested in acquiring more Asian tourists who have become increasingly more likely to travel around the world to visit all of the latest "hot spots." It's possible that these Star Wars locations in Tunisia could eventually become one of these "hot spots" if the area is developed more.
Now that tourists are starting to return to Tunisia, two years after the terrorist incident, it could be the start of a new wave of fans flocking to these Star Wars sets in Tunisia. It's possible that future Star Wars movies could return to film in Tunisia as well, although since there is very little we know about Star Wars 9, or the future spin-offs being planned by LucasFilm and Disney, it's unclear if there are any plans in the works to make this happen. Still, it will be interesting to see if Star Wars fans around the world start flocking to Tunisia once again.
Charlotte County leads the way in Florida with recycling program
Charlotte County is leading the way in Florida with its recycling program.
The county achieved 75.2 percent in traditional recycling — exceeding the state mandated 75 percent recycling rate by 2020 three years early.
County exceeds state recycling mandate earlyBy Ray Sandrock, Charlotte County administratorWe have received the… Posted by Charlotte County, Florida Government on Wednesday, May 30, 2018
Pete Davis is a regular at the mid-county transfer and recycling center in Port Charlotte.
“Any home repairs you always end up with a bunch of recyclables, plastics and such. And rather than toss it in a landfill, you just bring it down here and recycle it,” Pete said.
Pete is one of thousands taking advantage of the county's recycling centers.
“Charlotte County is known around the world for its natural beauty,” Charlotte County spokesperson Brian Gleason said. “It just makes sense that we take care of it ourselves.”
The county also uses what's being recycled to save residents money.
“We recycle just about everything,” Gleason said. “We can include yard waste, which we send to a contractor at the landfill and they recycle it into mulch.”
Money gained from the mulch goes into the county's general fund for other expenses.
Recycled or donated items that are still in working condition are sold at a thrift store at the mid-county facility. The proceeds help pay for operations at the Center for Abuse, Rape and Emergencies.
WHAT YOU CAN AND CAN'T RECYCLE
​Paper
​Junk mail, newsprint, magazines, printing paper, phone books, etc. Basically, any kind of paper except shredded, waxed, metallic or soiled. (No hard cover books – donate those instead)
Metal Cans
​Aluminum or steel (tin) cans (clean aluminum foil & disposable pans are good, too)
​Cardboard
Any kind of box that doesn't have a waxed coating (such as those used to hold milk, juice and broth) Flatten it to save room in your cart
Plastic Containers
​Look for the numbers 1 -7 within the recycle triangles on the bottom of the container (No styrofoam, no plastic bags)
Glass
​Green, brown and clear bottles and jars
Reporter: Kristi Gross
Writer: Katherine Viloria
The Minister of Mines and Steel Development, Dr Kayode Fayemi, has congratulated the first civilian Governor of Ekiti State, Otunba Adeniyi Adebayo, who turns 60 years old on Sunday.
Dr Fayemi, a former Governor of Ekiti State, in a birthday message described Otunba Adebayo as a humble and compassionate leader, a through bred Omoluabi, who combines good breeding, nobility, decency and commitment to excellence, in personal, business and political life.
The Minister who described themselves as a beneficiary of Otunba Adebayo's generosity of spirit and mentorship, recalled how the first civilian governor of Ekiti State, encouraged them to run for the governorship of the state and supported them through the race as well as the administration they led between 2010 and 2014.
Describing Otunba Adebayo as a friend, brother and mentor with whom they have a unique and interesting relationship, Dr Fayemi said the former governor is a detribalised Nigerian, a bridge builder, who is good at honouring friendship.
Fayemi said: “Otunba Richard Adeniyi Adebayo is my Egbon, leader and predecessor in office and a man that I have been privileged to know as a friend, ally, mentor and confidante.
“His enduring legacy of a peaceful and tranquil state has made them such a moral force with an undeniable weight of authority in the affairs of Ekiti State politics, and indeed progressive politics at the national level.
“When they left Government House, Ado-Ekiti, in 2003 they were only 45 years old – still young enough to have been afflicted by the existential challenge that drives people into post-office despair and desperation for political relevance. Instead, they did what does not come naturally to many in the political class – they moved on.
“His trajectory after office has since revealed a man of many parts.  They are as comfortable in the precincts of politics as they are in the boardrooms of big business. The term “detribalized Nigerian” is such a cliché in Nigeria but it may be justly applied to Otunba Adebayo who has friends and associates from across the length and breadth of the country.
“My family and I join millions other admirers of this great man, who wears humility like a garment, in wishing them a happy 60th birthday celebration. We pray that God grants them many more healthy and impactful years in the service of humanity.”, the statement added.
Australia coach Michael Cheika made one change from the starting side that beat Fiji last week for Saturday's test against Scotland, handing Fiji-born Eto Nabuli their debut on the left wing.
SYDNEY: Australia coach Michael Cheika made one change from the starting side that beat Fiji last week for Saturday's test against Scotland, handing Fiji-born Eto Nabuli their debut on the left wing.
The 28-year-old comes into the side in place of the injured Henry Speight, who was also born in Fiji, and takes to three the tally of former rugby league players in the team along with Israel Folau and Karmichael Hunt.
Nabuli has less pedigree in the 13-man code than their new Wallabies teammates but did represent Fiji twice before moving to union with the Queensland Reds last year.
Cheika retained Michael Hooper as captain when they name their side on Thursday after they led Australia to a 37-14 victory over Fiji with squad skipper Stephen Moore reduced once more to hoping for a spot among the as yet unnamed replacements.
Hunt, who plays at fullback in Super Rugby, has been retained as a second playmaker at inside centre after a solid debut in Melbourne.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Blindside flanker Ned Hanigan will also win a second cap, while usual starting loosehead prop Scott Sio looks like making their return from knee injury off the bench with Tom Robertson retaining the number one shirt.
Australia round out their June international campaign against Italy in Brisbane next week after the meeting with the Scots, who beat the Wallabies in Newcastle on their last trip Down Under in 2012.
Australia: 15-Israel Folau, 14-Dane Haylett-Petty, 13-Tevita Kuridrani, 12-Karmichael Hunt, 11-Eto Nabuli, 10-Bernard Foley, 9-Will Genia, 8-Scott Higginbotham, 7-Michael Hooper (captain), 6-Ned Hanigan, 5-Adam Coleman, 4-Sam Carter, 3-Allan Alaalatoa, 2-Tatafu Polota-Nau, 1-Tom Robertson
Replacements: To be confirmed
(Compiled by Nick Mulvenney; Editing by John O'Brien)
LONDON: Alexis Sanchez scored their first goal for Manchester United as Jose Mourinho's men took advantage of a rare slip-up from Manchester City to close to within 13 points of the league leaders with a 2-0 win over Huddersfield Town.
City were made to pay for an extraordinary miss by Raheem Sterling as they dropped points for just the fourth time in the Premier League this season in a 1-1 draw at Burnley as Johann Berg Gudmundsson's equaliser eight minutes from time cancelled out Danilo's spectacular opener for City.
United manager Mourinho conceded their side were playing for second place after falling 15 points behind City with defeat at Tottenham Hotspur on Wednesday, and showed their displeasure at that performance by dropping star midfielder Paul Pogba to the bench among four changes.
A minute's silence preceded kick-off at Old Trafford as United paid tribute to the victims of the Munich disaster 60 years on from the tragedy that killed eight of the great United Busby Babes.
Fans hold banners comemmorating the 1958 Munich Air Disaster in the 60th anniversary year of the crash that killed 23, showing the face of former manager Matt Busby, the names of the victims and a clock showing the time of the crash during the English Premier League football match between Man Utd and Huddersfield. (PAUL ELLIS/AFP)
Mourinho had called on their players to mark the occasion by bouncing back in style, but the hosts had to wait until 10 minutes into the second half to make the breakthrough when Lukaku got across their marker to volley home Juan Mata's cross from the left for their 19th goal of the season.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"We had to be patient but had to keep the intensity high and the pressure," Mourinho said. "We had to break down the Berlin wall organised so well by (Huddersfield manager) David Wagner."
Sanchez was then given the chance to cap their home debut 21 minutes from time when they were brought down just inside the area Michael Hefele.
And much to the Chilean's relief, they tapped home the rebound after Jonas Lossl had saved their initial effort from the penalty spot to open their United account after joining from Arsenal on reportedly the biggest ever contract in Premier League history.
"It was nice for Alexis Sanchez to win a match, the first at home," added Mourinho. "It was not the goal of their dreams, but it is a goal."
CITY PAY FOR STERLING MISS
City were made to rue a slew of missed chances, most notably when Sterling failed to turn Kyle Walker's low cross into an unguarded net from point-blank range as Burnley salvaged a valuable point despite seeing their winless league streak extended to nine matches.
Manchester City's English midfielder Raheem Sterling (right) sends a shot wide to miss a chance during the English Premier League football match against Burnley. (Oli SCARFF/AFP)
"Of course we are frustrated in terms of the result but the performance was outstanding against a Burnley side who are the most British of teams in terms of long balls and the way they play," said City boss Pep Guardiola.
"But football is about goals. We needed to score the second, third and fourth when we had the chance. When you arrive in the last 15 minutes at Burnley 1-0, this is what can happen."
Leicester City missed the magic of star man Riyad Mahrez as they failed to beat Swansea City at home in a 1-1 draw.
The Algerian hasn't trained since Leicester priced Manchester City out of a move for Mahrez on transfer deadline day on Wednesday.
"It's for him, their agent and the club to deal with, but we would welcome them back," said Leicester defender Harry Maguire.
Jamie Vardy smashed the hosts in front, but Swansea's rise under Carlos Carvalhal continued as they extended their unbeaten run to seven games thanks to Federico Fernandez's equaliser to edge out of the bottom three on goal difference.
In a big day in the battle to beat the drop at the bottom of the table, Southampton recorded their first win since November, 3-2 at West Brom, to move out of the relegation zone and up to 14th.
West Brom paid tribute to club legend Cyrille Regis, who died at the age of 59 last month, before kick-off and got off to a flying start through Ahmed Hegazi's header.
However, three quickfire goals from Mario Lemina, Jack Stephens and James Ward-Prowse either side of half-time put Southampton in charge before Salomon Rondon's consolation for West Brom, who remain bottom.
Brighton also bagged their first league win in seven games thanks to goals from Glenn Murray, Jose Izquierdo and Pascal Gross to beat West Ham 3-1.
And Bournemouth moved up to ninth as they came from behind to beat Stoke City 2-1 through strikes from Josh King and Lys Mousset in the final 20 minutes to drop Stoke back into the drop zone.
English Premier League results:
Burnley 1 Manchester City 1
Bournemouth 2 Stoke 1
Brighton 3 West Ham 1
Leicester 1 Swansea 1
Manchester United 2 Huddersfield 0
West Brom 2 Southampton 3
Staff Reporter
Islamabad
Former interior minister Senator Rehman Malik will appear before the Panama Case Joint Investigation Team (JIT) on June 23, sources informed on Wednesday. On Monday, a spokesperson for the senator said the former interior minister will ‘soon' be appearing before the JIT. The spokesperson explained that Malik, who left Pakistan for London on June 9, received a summons by the JIT on June 10 to appear on June 13. They said Malik would inform the JIT of another date of appearance. Malik, who remained the interior minister during the previous Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP)-led federal government, is also a former bureaucrat.  They are also a member of the Senate for the second time in a row from the PPP-Parliamentarians.
The Director-General of National Youth Service Corps, Brig-Gen. Zakari Kazaure, has said that corps members with genuine case could be relocated to their home states.
Kazaure stated this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria in Dutse on Tuesday.
They said that there were criteria and due process to follow for redeployment of corps members.
The coordinator said nursing mothers, pregnant women and people with serious ailment, among others, were among these categories.
The DGl said that it would be inhuman not to consider a person with genuine problem, especially ailment, for relocation.
Kazaure said following complaints by civil servants for upward review of salary, the NYSC was also looking at the possibilities of doing same for corps members in view of the high cost of living.
The coordinator pledged that the NYSC would do its best to make life comfortable for all corps members posted to anywhere in the country.
Mon, Dec 11: Another family has come forward to detail the lack of services available to those who have autism in Nova Scotia. After hearing the story of Callum Sutherland, Cuen Eng says they decided to come forward as it shows nothing has changed since they were admitted to the IWK. Marieke Walsh has more.
The United States Consul General, Mr. F. John Bray, says their country's continued support for Nigeria's democratic process is rooted in its conviction that Nigeria “is key to Africa's prosperity and stability.”
According to Bray, it is the belief of the US that “if it does not happen in Nigeria, it does not happen anywhere” on the African continent.
“If Nigeria waivers, everyone else will waiver,” Bray said.
They said this on Tuesday in their welcome remarks during the public presentation of “Know Your Rights Nigeria,” a user-friendly mobile application detailing the fundamental rights of Nigerians in English, Pidgin, Yoruba, Hausa and Igbo languages.
The application was designed by a group, Constitutional Rights Awareness and Liberty Initiative, and “funded through a public diplomacy grant from the US Consulate General in Lagos.”
Bray said funding the application, which would make Nigerians know their rights, was “an example of what the US is doing to support human rights in Nigeria.”
“These inputs on human rights is a natural outgrowth of our natural values as Americans,” they said.
At the event, which held at the US Consulate General, Victoria Island, Lagos, a former Minister of Education, Mrs. Oby Ezekwesili, singer, Simisola Ogunleye, and actor, Yomi Fabiyi, were unveiled as the ambassadors for the “Know Your Rights Nigeria,” mobile application.
The Leader of Constitutional Rights Awareness and Liberty Initiative, the designer of the application, Adeola Oyinlade, said the initiative was “part of their pro bono efforts as a lawyer.”
They noted that when they first conceived the idea, people told them they could make a lot of money from it, but they decided it should be a public-interest initiative.
They explained that not only will the application equip Nigerians with the knowledge of their rights, it also offers the services of 50 lawyers, who upon being contacted through the application, will render free legal advice.
They added that there is a section containing a list of agencies such as the National Human Rights Commission, Federal Road Safety Corps, Legal Aid Council, Nigerian Army Human Rights Desk, etc, which citizens could contact to lodge complaints about abuse of their rights.
In their keynote address, a Senior Advocate of Nigeria, Dr. Dapo Olanipekun, said fundamental human rights are not limited to those in Chapter 4 of the 1999 Constitution, but also the socio-economic rights enshrined in Chapter 2.
They said, therefore, whenever citizens see a school without chairs, and the like, they should regard it as violation of human rights and report said.
“If you have a right to live but cannot live well, there's no point living,” Olanipekun said.
Advertisement
U.S. President Donald Trump has congratulated Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on their victory in Sunday's referendum that gave them sweeping new powers.
The U.S. president's phone call contrasts with concern by European leaders who have pointed out how the result – 51.4% in favour of the changes has exposed deep splits in Turkish society.
Mr Erdoğan has rejected criticism from international monitors who said they had been favoured by an “unequal campaign”.
“Know your place,” they told them.
The narrow victory was ruled valid by Turkey's electoral body, despite claims of irregularities by the opposition.
On Monday, Turkey extended the state of emergency for three months. The measure, introduced after a failed coup last July, was set to expire in two days.
Advertisement
The call from Donald Trump was pre-arranged and the focus was Syria – but the congratulations on President Erdoğan's victory means the U.S. president joins leaders from Qatar, Guinea, Djibouti and the Palestinian militant movement Hamas to voice the opinion, while those in Europe have been far more cautious.
It will delight Erdoğan supporters, who will see it as legitimising the president's victory.
But it will dismay opponents, after Mr Erdoğan's fiery tirades against the West and the damning verdict of international observers.
It also exposes a split between the EU and U.S. on Turkey: Mr Trump opting for realpolitik while Europe urges the unpredictable Turkish leader to reconcile a divided country.
And it will reiterate similarities between Presidents Trump and Erdoğan on issues like democratic norms and press freedom – though the Turkish president has of course dealt with them in a far more extreme way.
Ultimately, President Trump was perhaps aiming to win favour in Ankara, given that the two sides have fundamental disagreements over Syria.
REUTERS: Manchester United striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic has heaped praise on teammate Anthony Martial for the professional and mature manner in which the forward has responded to recent criticism from manager Jose Mourinho.
The Portuguese has often singled out Martial following lacklustre displays this campaign but the young Frenchman impressed by scoring one goal and setting up the other in a 2-0 league win over Watford on Saturday.
"When they play, they are playing well. They aren't a guy that speaks a lot, they are quiet and very professional. They always try to do their best, trains hard and that is paying off, just like in this match," Ibrahimovic told British media.
Despite making an immediate impact following their high-profile transfer from Monaco in 2015, the 21-year-old Martial has found themselves on the fringes of the first team this season, having made just 10 league starts under Mourinho.
"I think it depends on every individual and what kind of person they are and their approach, how open they are. It is different for every person," Ibrahimovic added.
"He is not going around with their head down.  They are training hard, they give a lot of energy and they want to play, which is normal."
United host French side St Etienne in the first leg of their round-of-32 Europa League clash on Thursday.
(Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru)
Photo: iStockphoto
Many years ago, spiritual leader Sri Sri Ravi Shankar pointed to me to tell their disciples how not to be. “Some people never smile,” they said as I left the room moments after our conversation ended. The interview had not gone well. They had expected me to be seated on the floor like their millionaire disciples and the journalists before me, as they sat on a throne. But I had dragged a chair, and sat on it. They announced, once I had left the room, that I must be an unhappy person. I heard their disciples burst out laughing because even though they probably came to them to cure sorrow, the accusation of innate unhappiness in a foe was the ultimate insult.
In many other rooms of the world, unhappiness is perceived as a character flaw. Happiness is widely accepted as the central goal of life. It is, in fact, accepted as the only universal goal. All other respectable pursuits are so only because they are said to lead to happiness. Even sugar finds legitimacy in the civilized world because it is associated with happiness. The pursuit of happiness is, in fact, a stated fundamental American right. But can happiness ever be a pursuit, really? Especially when we are not sure what it means?
We have been trying to get a grip on the meaning of happiness for centuries. All our fables and all our religions tell us that we have to be moral to attain it. As children, our first foreboding of the seriousness of life is that happiness is the very opposite of fun.
We are not clear about what happiness is but the wisest among us claim it is distinct from pleasure. We defame pleasure.
“Pleasure is short-term, addictive and selfish. It's taken, not given. It works on dopamine. Happiness is long-term, additive and generous. It's giving, not taking. It works on serotonin,” wrote the American marketer Seth Godin in their blog recently. As people say when they fear they are being semantic, they added, “This is not merely simple semantics.”
They went on to say that pleasure and happiness may appear to be the same thing but they are very different. “Marketers usually sell pleasure,” they wrote, but they did not arrive at the meaning of happiness, except that it is something more valuable, and comes at the very end.
Yet, for most people, happiness is nothing but a chain of frequent instances of pleasure. If there is no pleasure at frequent intervals, including the rush derived from eating junk or ingesting easy entertainment, they become unhappy. But for some, Godin's description of happiness, even though it is from a man who is groping in the dark like many of us, is very familiar and convincing. Both types of people, the ones who think pleasure is happiness, and the unhappy deep thinkers who invent meanings of joy, face the same problem in the practical world. The very things that make us happy cease to do so if they persist. A stable happy life soon becomes a rot and we begin to long for change. Every now and then, happy people itch to do something rash to escape the rot of happiness.
The fact is we tire of happiness. We know in our hearts that there is something more. It is not the ultimate pursuit that the modern age has made it out to be. “Happiness without meaning characterizes a relatively shallow, self-absorbed or even selfish life, in which things go well, needs and desire are easily satisfied, and difficult or taxing entanglements are avoided,” wrote the Austrian psychiatrist Viktor Frankl. “Being human always points, and is directed, to something or someone, other than oneself—be it a meaning to fulfil or another human being to encounter. The more one forgets himself—by giving themselves to a cause to serve or another person to love—the more human they are.”
This search for meaning, too, is couched as a form of happiness. That is just poor language. And we should not underestimate the role of language in creating philosophical confusion.
Take our pursuit of meaning, for instance. We are trained to believe that we have to “discover” it, we have to “find” it; that it exists somewhere, and some men, chiefly men, have found it. At least one man sat under a tree and found it. What if, in reality, meaning is something we have to invent, rather than discover? What if life is inherently meaningless and we have to fabricate some grand intellectual or philosophical pursuit to save us from the soul-crunching boredom of life? And what if the pursuit of meaning, like many other pursuits, depends neither on dopamine nor on serotonin?
What if the truth is that our search for meaning, knowledge and companionship is not supposed to make us happy at all, yet it is important for us to pursue them? What if our instinct to perform our duties, or even amass wealth, is not supposed to lead us to happiness, but is a requirement of our primal instincts? What if the confusion and disenchantment of modern life is because our pursuits do not lead to happiness, and we are trained to presume it is because of a fault in us?
Once we take happiness out of the natural order of every pursuit, we can be kinder to ourselves for the way we are and what we do. We can then let our madness flow instead of trying to tame it when it does not lead to pleasure or joy. We can accept ambition as a capacity for unhappiness and go through life without feeling like charlatans just because we wish to achieve material things. We can perform our parental duties instead of overrating men who abandoned their families and sought refuge in the Himalayas.
In diminishing the hold of happiness over us, we need not develop a contempt for it. We see in the arts and the humanities the elevation of misery as the highest form of seriousness. But perhaps we should have respect for happiness, otherwise we will lose our sources of happiness, including the people who love us. It is only when we do not have happiness that we know exactly what it is.
Manu Joseph is a journalist and a novelist, most recently of Miss Laila, Armed And Dangerous.
The writer tweets at @manujosephsan
New Delhi: Senior IAS officer Pradeep Singh Kharola on Monday took charge as the Chairman and Managing Director of Air India. Kharola assumed charge from Rajiv Bansal.
A 1985-batch Karnataka cadre officer, Kharola would be steering the national carrier at a time when the government has started the process for its strategic disinvestment. They were the managing director of Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation Ltd since February 2015.
Among others, Kharola has worked in various posts in Karnataka, including as the chairperson of Karnataka Urban Infrastructure Development and Finance Corporation Ltd. They have also served as principal secretary to the Karnataka chief minister.
As part of efforts to revive the fortunes of Air India -- which is staying afloat on taxpayers' money -- the government has decided on selling stake in the airline. The carrier, which has a debt burden of more than Rs 50,000 crore, managed to eke out operational profit for the first time in a decade in 2015-16.
Court Summons Kato Lubwama To Defend Himself
By Serestino Tusingwire
The High court in Kampala has today ordered Lubaga South MP Paul Kato Lubwama to file their defence in not less than 15 days responding to claims by over 500 voters from their constituency that they lack the minimum qualifications of an MP.
The voters led by Habib Buwembo were on the 19thDecember 2016 granted permission by High court Judge Margret Oguli-Oumo to file an election petition against Kato Lubwama out of the mandatory 30 days.
In the petition, the voters accuse Kato Lubwama of fraudulently securing nomination and election as Lubaga South MP well knowing that they passed UCE exams which would have been a basis for them to attain a Diploma in Music Dance and Drama from Makerere University.
They now want the High court to nullify their election and order the Electoral Commission to conduct a by-election.
The court's deputy registrar Alex Ajiji has signed summons ordering Kato Lubwama,Makerere University and the Electoral Commission to file their defences in court within 15 days.
The petition is not yet allocated to a judge for hearing.
KHAN Al-AHMAR: Residents and activists voiced concern on Wednesday (Jul 4) that Israel is set to raze a Bedouin village in a strategic part of the occupied West Bank ignoring international calls for a reprieve.
Activists said the Israeli military issued a warrant to the 173 residents of Khan al-Ahmar on Tuesday authorising it to seize access roads to the village.
Advertisement
Heavy equipment, including at least one bulldozer, were seen around the village on Wednesday, leading to speculation a road was being prepared to facilitate its evacuation and demolition.
"Today they are proceeding with infrastructure work to facilitate the demolition and forcible transfer of residents," Amit Gilutz, spokesperson for Israeli human rights group B'Tselem, told AFP.
Israeli authorities say the village and its school were built illegally and in May, the supreme court rejected a final appeal against its demolition.
But activists say the villagers had little alternative but to build without Israeli construction permits as the documents are near impossible for Palestinians to obtain for that part of the occupied West Bank.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Israel authorities say they have offered villagers a relocation site. They did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Wednesday.
Britain's minister of state for the Middle East, Alistair Burt, visited the village in May and called on the Israeli government to show restraint.
They warned that any forced relocation "could constitute forcible transfer of people as far as the United Nations is concerned."
Forcible transfer is considered a violation of the Geneva Conventions.
Khan al-Ahmar is located east of Jerusalem near several Israeli settlements along a road leading to the Dead Sea.
Activists are concerned continued Israeli settlement construction in the area could effectively divide the West Bank in two.
At least three people were injured, including the suspected gunman, in a shooting on Wednesday at a United Parcel Service facility in San Francisco, local media reported.San Francisco police on Twitter confirmed a shooting had taken place and advised people to avoid the area.
The suspect was hospitalized in police custody, local media reported.
Victims were taken to the Priscilla Chan and Mark Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital, spokesperson Brent Andrew said. They said they could not say how many patients were taken to the hospital or give their conditions.
It was not immediately clear if anyone had died.The shooting occurred in the area of a United Parcel Service (UPS.N) facility, CBS San Francisco and other local media outlets reported, citing authorities. A San Francisco police representative could not immediately be reached for comment. (Reporting by Alex Dobuzinskis in Los Angeles; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Tom Brown)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
Advertisement
Sean Spicer, the Press Secretary to President Donald Trump has confirmed that the United States President called and spoke with President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday, puncturing speculations and claims by some commentators that the event never occurred.
Spicer, in their press briefing Tuesday speaking on Trump's activities for Monday said: “…In addition to their in-person meetings with the prime ministers of Japan and Canada, the President also recently had phone calls with the presidents of Tunisia, Peru, Nigeria, Colombia and South Africa. Readouts are available on all of those calls.”
Advertisement
President Buhari, who has since transferred power to their deputy, Yemi Osinbajo, has been in London, United Kingdom, for the last three weeks, seeking medical help for a yet to be disclosed ailment.
They have not been seen publicly since their departure from Abuja, except in photographs with visitors, thus fueling rumours that he's dead or seriously ill, despite assurances by Osinbajo, Senate President Saraki and Presidential aides that he's “hale and hearty.”
Their spokesperson, Femi Adesina, released a statement Monday revealing details of the phone conversation between Trump and the president. Their release was however greeted with mixed reactions with some claiming that it never occurred or that Trump spoke to an impersonator.
Gunn confirms the news on their Facebook page.
James Gunn has confirmed they will write and direct the third instalment of Guardians Of The Galaxy for Marvel.
Gunn, who helmed the first two films, said in a post on Facebook:
“I could save this answer for the first, random interviewer to ask me during the press junket but instead I thought I'd share it with the most important people in the Guardiansverse – you, the fans… So, yes, I'm returning to write and direct Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3.”
Gunn said their partnership with Marvel Studios and Disney had been the best of their professional career and was a “huge contributing factor” to their decision.
They added that the third film will wrap up the trilogy.
“Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3” they said, “will conclude the story of this iteration of the Guardians of the Galaxy, and help catapult both old and new Marvel characters into the next ten years and beyond.
“I will be working side-by-side with Kevin Feige and the gang to help design where these stories go, and make sure the future of the Marvel Cosmic Universe is as special and authentic and magical as what we have created so far.”
Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 is released in the UK on 28 April and in the US on 5 May.
Maurice Hamilton looks back on their first ever visit to Suzuka for the Japanese Grand Prix. (2:12)
Despite admitting their heavy crash in opening practice for the Japanese Grand Prix was their own fault, Carlos Sainz says they cannot explain why it happened.
The Toro Rosso driver suffered a hefty impact as they speared into the barriers after running wide on the exit of the hairpin during the opening practice session at Suzuka, an incident which brought out the red flags. While Sainz's participation in FP1 was cut-short, Toro Rosso made the most of a rain delay to repair their car in time for them to take part in the closing stages of the wet second session.
"It was one of those accidents where you don't have an explanation," Sainz said. "It was a mistake for sure from my side, and something I will obviously not like in the future to repeat.
"The mechanics fixed it in one and half, two hours. They did an amazing job and congratulations on that, it shows the commitment they have, and I really appreciate it."
Adding to their tricky start to the weekend, the Spaniard is facing a start from the very back of the grid in Japan due to a 20-place grid penalty for engine component changes following their failure in last weekend's Malaysian Grand Prix.
Carlos Sainz had a heavy crash after losing control of their Toro Rosso on the exit of the chicane in FP1. Sutton Images
"I knew a while ago, and I knew also my Saturday will be compromised because of that," Sainz explained. "I will have to try and save some tyres for the race, to have the fastest race possible, so tomorrow is a not normal day for me in that regard, working on long run preparation, working towards the race, because it doesn't matter where I qualify, I will start last.
"We haven't run a lot. P1 was tricky in terms of pace. We were pushing hard, but even if we were pushing hard, we were not very quick, so something to analyse for tomorrow, to see if we can find some pace. Anyway today it's very difficult to find conclusions."
Sainz revealed Toro Rosso had been planning to make engine component changes at Suzuka even before their issue in Malaysia, with the team expecting to struggle for pace around the power-hungry circuit.
"We based it a bit on our last year's performance," they explained. "We knew that Suzuka was probably our weakest track. Anyway we were forced to do it because of the issue we had in Malaysia.
"We realised that we didn't have any more parts to put in the car. I'm pretty sure I will face some more penalties, unfortunately."
TOKYO: The route for the Tokyo 2020 Olympics marathon was announced on Thursday (May 31) with the main feature being a steep incline to finish the race at the newly built Olympic stadium.
The route will pass through many of the city's historic and popular areas including Tokyo Tower and Thunder Gate in Asakusa as well as the Imperial Palace, the primary residence of the Japanese Emperor.
Advertisement
The final stretch promises to be gruelling, with the athletes finishing on an incline averaging over 10 per cent over 3km leading back to where they started at the Olympic stadium in the city's west.
Naoko Takahashi, marathon gold medallist at the Sydney 2000 Olympics, said they hoped the course would prove memorable in marathon-mad Japan.
“It is really exciting to imagine just two years from now the side streets along the Tokyo 2020 marathon and race walk route filled with countless fans,” said Takahashi, whose gold-medal winning feat was matched by compatriot Mizuki Noguchi four years later in Athens.
“I look forward to seeing some great performances from the runners, who will be encouraged by those fans lining the route. They will be memorable races.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
The route for the race walk events was also announced and will take place in the Imperial Palace's Outer Gardens.
Marathon running is one of the most popular sports in Japan, with over one million people cheering on the athletes at the annual Tokyo Marathon.
The Olympic course largely resembles that of the Tokyo Marathon, one of the world's most iconic running events which is held in winter to avoid the city's punishing summer heat and humidity.
Organisers for the Jul 24 to Aug 9 Games said a start time for the marathon had yet to be decided but it is expected to be held early in the morning to avoid the worst of the high temperatures.
The last time the Olympics were held in Asia, at Beijing in 2008, the marathon started at 7.30am local time.
“As far as planning the course, we did not think especially about counter-measures against the heat. However, we are currently discussing how to cope with the high temperatures in general with Olympic management,” Tokyo 2020 spokesperson Masa Takaya said.
The men's marathon is traditionally held on the last day of the Games to close out the athletics calendar.
A performing arts center and moving the Metro-North Railroad station farther east were two popular ideas coming out of a workshop on how to boost Stratford Center.
Other ideas were encouraging more retail uses and not large residential projects, attracting younger residents downtown, setting up a downtown shuttle and getting a Trader Joe's to open in the area.
Participants also said they want center redevelopment to increase town revenue so property taxes can be lowered.
About 75 people offered suggestions during a June 7 open house sponsored by the town's Transit-Oriented Development (TOD) Subcommittee at the Baldwin Center.
Neil Sherman, a center resident, said more needs to be done to bring people downtown, such as having arts festival and “foodie” restaurants. “We need to think about what other communities are doing to attract customers,” said Sherman, who once headed the Stratford Chamber of Commerce.
Center resident Karen Burke said the area could use a live theater, coffee shop, and new parking for residents and visitors rather than train commuters. “No more gyms or nail salons,” they said. “I want to be more like Milford and Fairfield.”
Burke said building pricey apartments won't attract new residents because potential tenants would rather live in Stamford.
Matthew B. Wexler, director of the nonprofit National Development Council, said the public feedback would provide guidance to developers showing interest in doing projects in Stratford Center.
“They're not going to come in and override what everyone else wants to do,” Wexler said. Instead, developers will understand that, “If you want to come here, this is what we want,” they said.
The NDC is serving as a consultant to the town on how to upgrade Stratford Center, including how to market the area to attract private developers.
Center residents, business owners and others were invited to the workshop to offer input, including what to do with the vacant Center School site on Sutton Avenue.
There are conflicting ideas with what to do about Center School, with some town officials suggesting it might be a good location for a multi-story parking garage while many nearby residents favor keeping it as a school or using it for a less-dense purpose.
The school property borders residential homes on one side but also is near downtown businesses and Interstate 95. The Board of Education has indicated it doesn't plan to reopen Center School.
Making suggestions
At the open house, attendees were able to make suggestions on four topics — Economic Impact Analysis; Retail, Commercial and Parking; Residential Housing, and Streetscape. Later, all attendees were able to vote on their favorite ideas.
The idea of “No parking garage at Center School” received a fair amount of votes but not as many as other suggestions. Many backed having a small theater or arts space downtown.
Strong support was shown for trying to move the Stratford train station east to the Stratford Square shopping center on Barnum Avenue Cutoff, where the closed Bally's fitness facility is located. This could open up the current train station site for development possibilities
Some attendees worried there is a push for too much new development near single-family residential areas. “What's the impact on the neighborhood?” John Rich, a Town Council candidate, asked. “They're funneling it toward one direction. Maybe we don't need new buildings.”
Lisa Kasak said lots of new housing isn't needed, but putting apartments above existing and new ground-floor retail makes sense when in scale with the surrounding area. “It should be clustered, not built out,” they said.
Center resident Stacie Tavaras said they want to see improvements while keeping the small-town charm. Them priorities are eliminating traffic congestion and encouraging more pedestrian and bicycling activity. They thought the workshop was a good way to get the community involved in the process.
‘The positive realities'
Roger Salls said the workshop was “a phenomenal idea” because the town needs to be proactive when redeveloping the center.
“If people wake up to the positive realities, Stratford has so much going for it,” said Salls, noting its location in Fairfield County, relative affordability, and access to multiple forms of transportation including an airport.
Robert Gabris said it's important residents play an active role in what happens, not just town leaders, including with any new parking garage. They favor a garage at the Bally's site and not at Center School. “Let the people decide,” Gabris said.
Marc Jarvis, TOD Subcommittee chairperson, said people want the center developed properly so it helps the tax base and becomes a more vibrant place. “People had a lot of positive thoughts, offering feedback on development ideas,” Jarvis said of the workshop.
The TOD is a zoning district that allows more intense development within a half-mile of the train station. The goal is to encourage mixed-use development with housing, retail and offices, using the ability to commute by train as a draw.
Some have criticized the TOD zone, however, for so far leading to large apartment proposals on the fringe of downtown rather than any new retail or restaurants. The town has received outside grant funding to pursue TOD concept plans in Stratford Center.
NEW YORK: Minutes after a man set off a pipe bomb strapped to their body in one of New York's busiest transit hubs, throwing the Monday morning commute into chaos for many, a suspect was in custody, trains were rerouted and throngs of police swarmed the streets.
The massive response exposed the limits of the antiterrorism force the city has built since the deadly attacks of Sept. 11, 2001. It has learned to respond quickly and effectively to attacks but faces an almost impossible task in trying to thwart every threat, particularly the acts of "lone wolves" targeting public places and New York's vast transit system.
Nearly 6 million people ride New York's subway each day, entering at any one of the system's 472 stations - more stops than any other in the world.
That open access is partly what allows U.S. train systems to carry five times as many passengers as airlines but also leaves unique security vulnerabilities, according to a Congressional Research Service report earlier this year.
"You can't search everyone entering a subway system, particularly a system the size of the one in New York," said Tom Nolan, a former U.S. Department of Homeland Security analyst who is now a professor of criminology at Merrimack College in Massachusetts.
No one was killed in Monday's attack, and the person most severely injured was the accused bomber, whom police identified as Akayed Ullah, 27.
Advertisement
Advertisement
New York state Governor Andrew Cuomo sounded relieved when they told reporters that just three other people had been slightly hurt in the attack.
"When you hear about a bomb in the subway station, which is in many ways one of our worst nightmares, the reality turns out better than the initial expectation and fear," Cuomo said.
They had reason to expect worse: Suicide bombers killed 52 people in on London subways and a bus system in 2005, 40 people were killed in the 2010 bombing of the Moscow subway and last year 32 died in coordinated attacks on Brussels' subway and airport.
"This is a fact of life, whether you're in New York or London or Paris," New York Police Department counterterrorism chief John Miller told reporters. "It can happen anywhere."
DOGS, CAMERAS AND WEAPONS
A network of cameras blankets almost all of New York's subway system, which sprawls over 665 miles (1,070 km) of tracks. The New York City Police Department uses radiation detectors to search for "dirty" bombs, which combine a traditional explosive with radioactive material, said Anthony Roman, a private security consultant who is familiar with NYPD antiterrorism efforts.
Undercover and uniformed police patrol the system, along with bomb-sniffing dogs, random screening posts and heavily armed tactical officers.
The city's Joint Terrorism Task Force collects intelligence from overseas, and cameras equipped with facial and license plate recognition can help investigators track suspects in real time, Roman said.
But attempting to screen every passenger, as airports do use metal detectors and body scanners, is an impossible task and would only create more opportunities for attacks by causing crowding.
"They will never be 100 percent," Roman said. "The goal is to prevent and deter the vast majority of events, and for those few that occur, minimize their effect by quick, coordinated, interdepartmental response."
The NYPD's Miller said intelligence had stopped at least 26 plots since 2001. But the proliferation of so-called "lone wolf" attackers, who are self-radicalized and not working with an overseas militant group, has made it harder to do so, experts said.
Both Ullah and Sayfullo Saipov, accused of killing eight people on a Manhattan bike lane with a rented truck in the name of Islamic State, appear to have acted alone, according to authorities.
"When you have lone attackers, it's much more difficult," said Max Leitschuh, the senior transportation analyst at the risk management and security consulting company iJET International.
Following Monday's attack, cities including Chicago, Boston and Los Angeles increased security for their mass transit systems.
Ultimately, those efforts are mostly about reassuring the public, said Maria Haberfeld, an expert in police counterterrorism and a professor at New York's John Jay College of Criminal Justice.
"You have to accept it," said Haberfeld, who served in a counterterrorist unit in the Israel Defense Forces. "You can only put so many barriers out there before you abandon the idea of an open society."
Considering their vast experience it is hard to believe the defender only turned 30 this year, with plenty of seasons still left in the tank.
But despite only going into their 30s, Scunthorpe's skipper has already racked up more than 400 league games in a career that began back in 2004.
In that long career Scunthorpe is only their fifth club, with long stints at both Rochdale and Bradford which sandwich two seasons north of the border with Aberdeen.
Both moving to Glanford Park, McArdle had almost become part of the furniture at Bradford, where they have arguably enjoyed most success.
During their time at Valley Parade they have visited Wembley at least three times for two play-off finals as well as appearing in the League Cup final.
Some players may never get the chance to play on the hallowed turf at the country's national stadium.
They have also had the distinction of being in a team that has beaten Chelsea when Bradford produced the mother of all cup upsets when coming from 2-0 down to beat the Blues 4-2 at Stamford Bridge.
Some see that as one of the biggest cup upsets of all time.
McArdle made their 400th career appearance against Gillingham last week and now McArdle wants to bring those kinds of memories to Scunthorpe and what better year to do it than the season when they are captain.
“It feels like a long time ago,” McArdle told the Telegraph when asked how it felt to reach 400 games. “I am fortunate that I've played in some good games and had some good results.
“When you play within a successful group on and off the pitch and get those results, I want to pass that on to the lads and tell them that it is the best feeling in the world.
“When Bradford beat Chelsea it was a massive result and playing the League Cup final was surreal.
“Hopefully I can carry on pushing on and have more good times at Scunthorpe.
“What has happened is all in the past and now I am just concentrating on the future.”
Their first season in the claret and blue has so far been a relatively successful one.
They were named captain during the summer and since then has formed a rock solid defensive partnership with Murray Wallace, part of a defence that has only conceded five league goals so far this season.
Although as a defender it is something, McArdle takes pride in, they say it is not the be all and end all.
“Ultimately it is what we are judged on but we want to try and win games,” they said.
“It is important to keep clean sheets as it gives you a foothold to try and win games but we are paid to keep the ball out of the net and we will do that by any means possible.
“Clean sheets are what we are judged on, which is why people are talking about it, but it is not something we will make a big deal out of.
“I think Murray's standards speak for themselves. You saw how well they did last year and they have brought that into this season.
“He has hit the ground running and they talk you through the game so you don't really have to tell them too much.
“He is always in good positions, is commanding and talks really well and it makes your job a hell of a lot easier just by talking, communicating and speaking about things.
“It builds that relationship and fortunately at the minute it is paying off.”
McArdle has featured in every minute of the Iron's league programme this season and 11 games in said they are still feeling as fit as ever.
They have paid a lot of tribute to head of physical performance Adam Kerr, who has been responsible for keeping the Scunthorpe players in tip top condition.
Although a lot of Kerr's work may go unnoticed, McArdle was quick to point out, it was no less vital.
“Adam has come in and put their perspective on making sure that everyone has got their own little programme and that everyone is looked after,” McArdle said.
“You have to give all credit to the medical staff. People don't see that side of it but they put in a lot of hours to make sure everyone is refreshed and in as good a condition as possible.”
That will become more and more crucial as the season goes on but now McArdle wants to see their defensive record matched by a ruthlessness upfront.
“When you do get chances, it is important we try and taken them,” McArdle said.
“It is important we are creating them because you are not going to score every chance.
“We've scored all sorts of goals and the fact we are getting good areas shows the confidence we've got and it is just fine lines sometimes that decide games.”
Hopefully those fine lines will go in the favour of Scunthorpe against Wigan this weekend.
But the Iron's defence is sure to be severely tested over the next three weeks when they face the Latics, Rotherham and Peterborough, currently the three highest scorers in the division.
Although McArdle would love to keep clean sheets against some of the most potent attacks in the division only one thing matters to him.
“While it is disappointing to concede goals it is all about winning games of football.”
But McArdle's defence will give United the best possible chance of doing that, with many more clean sheets sure to come in the next stage of their career.
The Chairman, Oyo State Independent Electoral Commission (OYSIEC), Mr Jide Ajeigbe, has declared that elections into the 33 local government council areas and 35 local council development areas will now come up on Saturday, May 12, 2018.
Ajeigbe stated that this is sequel upon lifting of an order of injunction by the Federal High Court, Abuja, which had stopped the commission from conducting election before date.
They then informed that the commission is determined to conduct a free, fair and credible election in the state.
Outstanding in the Field, a roving restaurant-without-walls, brings guests straight to the source, presenting seasonal, site-specific meals in the farms, gardens and groves where the food was raised and harvested. Founded in 1999, it has since toured all 50 states and 15 countries, collaborating with hundreds of chefs and farmers. At each dinner, a communal table communes with nature, snaking through blades of soft grass or following the curve of a shoreline. Guests sit beside the people who grew their food. Founder Jim Denevan calls it “a picture of place.”
That Denevan offers an artistic metaphor is not surprising. Born in San Jose, Denevan worked in restaurants and on their brother's organic farm as a teenager, but by the time they were a executive chef at Gabriella Café in Santa Cruz in the mid-'90s, he'd also become an artist, creating drawings in the sand designed to be transformed — and ultimately erased — by waves, wind and weather. They practiced their land art at every low tide with the same kind of obsession, they say, that they brought to launching Outstanding in the Field.
In this May 29, 2018, photo, Sidney Kramer, 92, uses a remote medical monitoring system to check their vital signs at their home in Bethesda, Md. A new poll shows older Americans and their caregivers want to give virtual health care a try, even though Medicare has been slow to pay. Nearly 9 in 10 would be comfortable using at least one type of telemedicine for themselves or an aging loved one. Pablo Martinez Monsivais AP Photo
We have relied on traditional solutions to address alcoholism for far too long. Photo: Mint
Since biblical times, society leaders have been propagating the evils of alcoholism and exhorting temperance. But the results have not been encouraging.
Globally, alcohol causes 3.3 million deaths a year. It has been found that alcohol has a causal relationship with 200 diseases, including tuberculosis, pneumonia and HIV/AIDS. Additionally, if we include alcohol-induced road accidents, domestic violence, divorces and productivity loss, the burden of alcoholism on any society becomes prohibitive.
Historically, the most-used strategy to counter alcoholism was prohibition. Many governments' attempts to enforce prohibition failed miserably. Evidence from across the globe shows that prohibition will only drive the problem underground, leading to bootlegging, illegal activities and corruption. Heavy drinkers will continue to get their daily quota of liquor from illegal sources.
All the organized religions, for thousands of years, have tried to make sure that their believers do not slip into alcoholism. Some of those religions even consider alcohol consumption to be a sin. Awareness about the ill effects of alcohol has been propagated from road signage to labels on liquor bottles. But despite these efforts, alcohol consumption continues unabated. Why?
One of the major reasons why past efforts to wean drinkers away from alcohol have failed is because most of those campaigns focused on the ill effects on the health of the individual drinker. From the point of view of new behavioural sciences, this strategy has some fundamental flaws.
The permanent health consequences of alcoholism happen far in the future, whereas the pleasure of drinking occurs in the present. It is very easy for the human brain to discount future risk, more so when the present benefits are strong.
The human brain's reward systems are fully active by puberty. With the anticipation of a drink, just being in the physical proximity of alcohol is enough to activate these reward systems. They go into overdrive when there is even a hint of receiving pleasure hormones. Alcohol consumption itself increases dopamine in the reward system, which creates the feeling of pleasure.
It is the cerebral cortex that is expected to control the urges of the reward systems. The cortical areas of a human brain mature only by the age of 24. The brain of an adolescent has not matured enough to control the urges of its reward systems. Allowing adolescents, whose cortical areas are not fully mature, to consume alcohol is like allowing a teenager to drive a car without a brake.
Even with the first drink, one of the first parts of the brain to get affected is the cerebral cortex, its inhibitory system. So with each drink, the ability of the cortical areas to exert control over the reward systems become weaker and weaker. No wonder many a drinker who started drinking with the intention to just have one drink ends up having many more drinks than was originally intended.
Expecting the individual drinker to control and mange their drinking habit is very much like asking the fox to take care of the hen.
Anti-alcohol campaigners have a lot to learn from the success of anti-smoking campaigns. The impact of these campaigns was minimal when the focus was on the individual smoker and the ill-effects on their health. They showed a significant increase in effectiveness when the focus changed from the ill-effects of smoking on the smoker to the effects of smoking on the non-smoker. The campaigns found their sweet spot of effectiveness when smoking changed from an individual problem to a social evil.
Alcohol abuse too should be made into a social evil. Similar to smoking being banned in public places, anyone who has consumed any alcohol at all should be banned from driving any vehicle. This decision sends an unambiguous signal to everyone that alcohol and driving do not go together.
“I drink to get high”, “I am normal even after heavy drinking”, and the like are mental models drinkers employ regarding their behaviour. To effectively mitigate alcoholism, we need to demolish these mental models. The signs of getting drunk—binge drinking, the stumbling walk, the slurred speech—should be viewed from a zero-tolerance perspective as far as social reaction goes. Campaigns should be created to make these acts the signs of an uncivilized person.
Studies have shown that one of the best deterrents to alcohol consumption is playing up the emotion of shame that is associated with it. Drinkers who lose self-control after drinking should be reminded of how they are making themselves look like fools in front of their colleagues, and children. This informal deterrence strategy based on embarrassment has been found to be more effective than formal ban strategies in reducing alcohol related problems in many cases.
Countries in southern Europe like France and Italy have less alcohol-related crimes as compared to England and Ireland. Studies show that this could be related to the fact that drinkers in the former countries have the habit of consuming food along with their drinks. So creating new rituals around drinking alcohol that involve having food alongside the alcohol or having multiple glasses of water in between drinks could also help tone down the effects of alcohol.
We have relied on traditional solutions to address alcoholism for far too long. It is high time we employ the learning from new behavioural sciences to chart a new path to more effective solutions.
Biju Dominic is the chief executive officer of Final Mile Consulting, a behaviour architecture firm.
Comments are welcome at views@livemint.com
Three missing Mexican students were killed last month in the western state of Jalisco and their bodies dissolved in acid after criminals confused them with members of a rival gang, authorities said.The three film students were last seen in the municipality of Tonala after their car broke down and they were later kidnapped by at least six people, who tortured and killed them, according to Jalisco state prosecutors."Subsequently their bodies were dissolved in acid so that no trace of them remained," the state prosecutors office said. State prosecutor Raul Sanchez said that two people had been arrested so far in the investigation.Another official told Reuters, on condition of anonymity since they were not authorized to speak to the media, that investigators are analyzing more human remains found on the premises of the building where the young men were dissolved.Prosecutors said the youths were confused with members of another gang by gunmen from the Jalisco New Generation Cartel (CJNG), which has become the most powerful in Mexico, according to U.S. authorities.Criminal groups in Mexico often kidnap, torture, dismember and even dissolve their victims in acid and many of the remains are dumped in clandestine graves.In 2014, 43 student teachers disappeared in the southern state of Guerrero and the government said they were kidnapped by police who handed them over to a criminal group that killed them and burned their bodies.International observers objected to the government's investigation and the case shook the administration of President Enrique Pena Nieto, who has seen their popularity decline sharply amid corruption allegations and a spike in violence.More than 25,000 people were murdered last year in Mexico. Homicides hit their highest level in records going back 20 years.
It's only natural for Toronto residents to want to publicly mourn the victims of Monday's horrific van attack.
Toronto psychologist Dr. Oren Amitay says it's normal for people who didn't know those who were killed and injured to erect an ever-growing memorial — as they have done near the site of the attack — in order to “create a sense of some kind of control” in an chaotic situation.
“These violent attacks, they rob people of that sense (of control),” Amitay said. “And even if it didn't happen to you or anybody you know, if it can happen so randomly, it's terrifying for people to think, ‘This could be me.'
“So when you mourn, or you have these rituals, or you do whatever, you are making yourself feel that, ‘I'm doing something. I'm being proactive. I have control.'”
More importantly, Amitay said, it's helpful for the healing process.
“For some people, as well, because they're social animals, they feel they want to somehow connect themselves to these people. To show, ‘I'm a good person. I care,'” they explained. “So, if that's what it takes to make them move forward and feel better, it's better to feel connectedness rather than terror, then all the power to them.”
While Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders said there's no obvious connection between Alek Minassian — the accused in the murderous attack — and a terrorism group, Monday's van strike was still an act of terror, Amitay believes.
“This is beyond mourning,” they say. “It's collective fear. Let's say for example, the Humboldt tragedy, that was another example of a city in mourning or a whole planet in mourning. But there's a different sentiment to that to what we're seeing in response to this attack. (Humboldt) was almost pure grief. Whereas, with this, there is grief, there is anger, there's fear — quite different.”
Amitay said the best way for the city to recover is for everyone to return to their routine.
“As much as you can, you have to go back to living life as much as normal,” they said. “It's so important. When we feel helpless, that often bleeds into hopeless and hopelessness and despair, we need to do everything we can not to seep into such a state.”
jstevenson@postmedia.com
SAMUT PRAKAN — More than a dozen starving dogs and cats were found trapped Wednesday inside sacks in the back of a pickup truck.
Local residents found the truck parked in a small alley in southeast metro Bangkok. They cut the sacks open to rescue the 12 dogs and two cats. Witnesses said the animals looked weak and suspected they had been deprived of food and water for some time.
Full story: khaosodenglish.com
By Jintamas Saksornchai
Khaosod English
Even a pause in escalation would look like victory, but questions remain ahead of the summits between South Korea, North Korea and the US, says one observer.
WASHINGTON: For much of the last few decades, powerful speakers on the South Korean border have blasted propaganda to nearby North Koreans, everything from Korean pop songs to news about the number of cars in the affluent South.
On Monday (Apr 23), they stopped – the latest step in a high-stakes diplomatic dance.
Coming before Friday's North-South summit that will set the tone for a proposed meeting between North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and US President Donald Trump, the move was more than just symbolic.
Slowly and through painstaking negotiations, Washington and the two Koreas are sketching out a deal to avoid what all sides feared was an increasingly inevitable war.
READ: A commentary on whether K-pop stars hold the key to moving Kim Jong-un.
QUESTIONS REMAIN
Advertisement
Advertisement
How successful that will be – and whether Kim truly gives up their nuclear programme – remains in question. Kim's regime is fiercely paranoid about the outside world, long believing only military force – including nuclear – will truly safeguard it from external dangers.
Its recent advances have seriously alarmed the United States, generating threats of military action – and only a titanic and remarkably shrewd effort by Seoul has kept diplomacy alive. Now, however, it may be bearing fruit.
On Saturday, Pyongyang said it no longer needed nuclear or intercontinental ballistic missile tests because it had reached its weapons development goals. US officials and experts don't think the North can yet reliably strike the US mainland, but suspect Kim's worries over potential US action may have prompted the climbdown.
North Korea already has the ability to devastate its immediate neighborhood, and that may be seen as enough. Alternatively, the regime may just be buying time.
A photo released by North Korea's official Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) shows an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), Hwasong-14 being lauched at an undisclosed location in North Korea. (Photo: AFP/STR)
READ: A commentary on not being lured by Kim's sweet whispers of peace.
WHAT A DEAL MIGHT LOOK LIKE
Even a pause in escalation would be a diplomatic win. As late as January, there were widespread expectations Pyongyang might use the Winter Olympics to stir up tensions, perhaps through conducting more weapons tests or interference such as a cyberattack.
Throughout last year – which saw multiple nuclear and rocket tests, as well as the assassination of Kim's half-brother in Malaysia – escalation seemed unstoppable.
Since January, however, the government of South Korean President Moon Jae-in used first the Olympics, then the promise of future meetings, to foster simple but ongoing dialogue. North Korea has not conducted a single test since.
READ: A commentary on the embarrassing gap between North and South Korea seen in the Winter Olympics.
Friday's Demilitarised Zone meeting between Kim and Moon will be a key precursor to the US-North Korean summit, which could take place in a variety of locations including Mongolia or Switzerland.
It will be the first time the two men have met, and only the third between leaders of North and South since an armistice halted the Korean War in 1953.
Turning that theoretically temporary cease-fire into a more formally agreed peace deal is one of the Moon government's long-term goals. The administration must convince Pyongyang that neither Washington nor Seoul has short or long-term ambitions to bring down the Kim dynasty.
That's one of the reasons why stopping the loudspeaker broadcast – which openly encouraged North Korean soldiers to defect – is so important.
North Korean soldiers dig a trench and plant trees in the area where a defector ran across the border at the Demilitarized Zone dividing North Korea and South Korea on Nov 22, 2017. (Photo: REUTERS)
Ultimately, anything that makes Kim feel their brutal, dictatorial regime is safe may help bring peace, even as it makes many feels conflicted and uncomfortable. Some topics, however, are almost certainly off the table – particularly withdrawing US troops from South Korea.
READ: A commentary on how the North-South Korea summit holds the key to the Korean Peninsula's future.
DROP REUNIFICATION? GIVE UP NUKES?
All sides remain on very different pages. On a visit to Seoul last year, Trump reportedly suggested South Korea drop its ambition for reunification as a way to mollify Pyongyang.
For now, both North and South remain committed to that concept, although few believe either would consider the compromises necessary to bring together their incompatible political systems.
Nor would a unified Korea be acceptable to China, North Korea's only treaty ally and a country central to handling the peninsula.
Once-secret diplomatic channels are now becoming visible. Last week, Trump revealed CIA chief and incoming Secretary of State nominee Mike Pompeo had made a secret trip to Pyongyang earlier in the month to prepare for the Kim meeting.
US officials said the visit was arranged by South Korean intelligence chief Suh Hoon and North Korean counterpart Kim Yong Chol, intended to assess whether Kim was prepared to hold serious talks on giving up nuclear weapons.
Most US analysts believe that remains unlikely.
Only a handful of countries has voluntarily given up nuclear programmes and other weapons of mass destruction: South Africa, Iraq, Libya, and post-Soviet Ukraine, which signed a deal brokered by Britain and the United States to return nuclear weapons stationed on its soil to Russia. Of these, Iraq and Libya both saw governments ousted by US-led military regime change, while Ukraine has been increasingly menaced and attacked by Moscow.
US officials say they want to see significant demolition of North Korean nuclear facilities to offer significant sanctions relief. Still, Washington might settle for an end to further testing and weapons development, staving off the threat to the US mainland.
US President Donald Trump threatened North Korea with "fire and fury" in an escalating war of words over its nuclear and missile programmes in 2017. (Photo: AFP/NICHOLAS KAMM)
South Korea – already well within range of North Korean conventional artillery that US analysts say could kill tens of thousands in hours – would likely take the same deal.
Japan, also within striking distance, is much more cautious, a major topic in meetings between Trump and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe last week. Tokyo realises it cannot veto the joint South Korean-US diplomatic effort, one of the reasons it is now seeking its own direct dialogue with Pyongyang.
No side really trusts the other. These talks are a positive step, and make imminent war much less likely. If they unravel, however – which remains entirely possible – the result may be catastrophic.
Peter Apps is a executive director at the Project for Study of the 21st Century and Reuters' global affairs columnist.
SINGAPORE: While many have never experienced the horrors of war, they must never forget the lessons learned and the commitment and sacrifices of their forefathers in protecting the country and its way of life, said Government Parliamentary Committee for Defence and Foreign Affairs Vikram Nair on Wednesday (Feb 15).
Mr Nair was speaking at a ceremony at Kranji War Cemetery commemorating the 75th Anniversary of the Fall of Singapore during World War II. The event marks the first time former Allied nations such as Singapore, Australia, the United Kingdom and India are working together with Japan to organise a commemoration ceremony in the spirit of reconciliation.
"This commitment to remember the horrors of war and to defend Singapore is at the core of Total Defence," said Mr Nair. "It is when every Singaporean is resolved to play their part, and contribute to keeping Singapore strong on all fronts, that we can be confident of safeguarding our nation and our home against different threats and challenges that come our way."
The ceremony aslo honoured the sacrifices of military personnel who fought in Malaya and Singapore during the War and subsequent Occupation, as well as civilians who had lost their lives.
Among the 300 present at the ceremony were members of the Singapore Armed Forces' Veterans League, war veterans or former civilian internees and overseas WWII veteran associations such as the Malayan Volunteers Group and Australia's 2/10th Field Regiment Association.
Unveiling of the commemorative plaque fo the 75th Anniversary of the Fall of Singapore during World War II. (Photo: Loke Kok Fai)
Japanese Ambassador to Singapore Kenji Shinoda said it was always painful for them and the Japanese people to look back and think about what happened in Singapore 75 years ago.
"I express my feelings of profound grief and heartfelt condolences. I believe that such feelings are shared by the overwhelming majority of Japanese," said Mr Shinoda, who also laid a wreath at the ceremony.
Japan's Ambassador Kenji Shinoda at the 75th Anniversary of the Fall of SG at Kranji War Cemetery. It's the first time Japan is involved. pic.twitter.com/63NrqAeSJk — Loke Kok Fai (@KokFaiCNA) February 15, 2017
Members of the Japanese community also laid paper cranes folded by students of The Japanese School Singapore. These cranes symbolised the wish to heal the wounds of war, and continue on the road of reconciliation.
A commemorative plaque for the anniversary was also unveiled to mark the anniversary by Commissioner of the Commonwealth War Graves Commission, Lieutenant General William Rollo. This will be eventually be mounted inside the Battlebox on Fort Canning Hill – the former underground command centre of the Malaya Command during the War, and the place where the decision to surrender was made in 1942.
England defender Phil Jones is not feeling threatened by Victor Lindelof's arrival at Manchester United.
Jones had another injury-disrupted season at Old Trafford and, despite starting the last four games of the Premier League campaign, their first-team prospects next term are already facing a squeeze.
Sweden international Lindelof may expect to be a regular at the heart of defence after their £30.75million move from Benfica was completed on Wednesday, with Eric Bailly already established as a first choice.
That leaves Jones, England team-mate Chris Smalling, Daley Blind and Marcos Rojo with a considerable challenge on their hands, but that is par for the course with the Red Devils.
"We're Manchester United, we're going to attract the best players and the biggest players. It would be a strange summer if we weren't signing players like that," said Jones.
"Competition is always good. I've spoken to the manager, they just asks how you're feeling, how you're doing, just a normal conversation between player and manager.
"He's a good man manager, he's like that with all the players."
Jones won their first England cap in two years on Tuesday, in a 3-2 friendly defeat by 10-man France.
Jones, John Stones and Gary Cahill lined up for the first time as a three-man defence and were given a torrid time by Les Bleus forwards Kylian Mbappe and Ousmane Dembele.
The pair were rampant at times, stretching and driving at their opponents with pace and power even after Raphael Varane's video-assisted red card gave England the numerical advantage.
France's performance was a strong statement of intent following their surprise qualifying defeat to Sweden last week, particularly with Didier Deschamps leaving the star power of Antoine Griezmann, Alexandre Lacazette, Blaise Matuidi and Dimitri Payet on the bench.
Yet Jones made the optimistic claim that England boasted just as good a side on paper, lacking only application on the day.
Those present at Stade de France may find that hard to swallow but Jones is sure the gulf in class is not dramatic or unassailable.
"I don't think it's the quality of player because when you look at our team versus their team you couldn't turn round and say their team was better quality than ours," they said.
"We've got players with bags of quality, it's just putting it together and getting it right.
"We've done well against the top teams in recent times and not quite got over the line. It was the same here and that needs to change going into tournaments because we need to beat these teams.
"It's about bringing it all together because maybe at the moment against the big teams we're maybe falling a bit short. We're by no means far behind them because the way we started (with Harry Kane's ninth-minute opener) if we'd played like that for 90 minutes we'd have been comfortable winners.
"We should have killed the game, no way we should have lost at 2-2 in a comfortable position against 10 men. It's a bitter pill to swallow."
TOKYO: U.S. Vice President Mike Pence said on Tuesday all options are on the table in dealing with North Korea, but that President Donald Trump is determined to work with Japan, China and South Korea to find a peaceful solution.
"We appreciate the challenging time in which the people of Japan live with increasing provocation across the Sea of Japan," Pence said in Tokyo before a lunch with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. "We are with you 100 percent."
Abe said they supported Trump's stance that strategic patience with North Korea had run out, and that all options were on the table.
North Korea has conducted a series of missile launches and nuclear tests in defiance of U.N. sanctions, including a failed missile launch on Sunday.
(Reporting by Roberta Rampton; Writing by Malcolm Foster; Editing by Paul Tait)
"What happened on Oct. 1, the shootings, brought the team together really fast. They were put in situations outside the dressing room that laid bare their souls to one another.
"When you're standing beside someone who has just lost their son or daughter and they're looking for comfort and the guy beside you puts their arms around that person, who is a complete stranger, you learn a lot about that person you are standing beside. They offered to comfort a community and they did it together and that really bonded them."
It also bonded them with the community.
"There were 2.2 million strangers looking for something to distract them and a place to put their grief. They were looking for a place to find some joy," Lawless said. "These guys gave them that.
"Deryk Engelland scoring that night on the home opener is something I will never forget. I've been privileged to be around some pretty cool things in sports. That was, by far, the most authentic, emotional moment I have ever experienced… It was the stuff of movies."
The night of the shootings Lawless was supposed to meet up with a friend from Peterborough, former lacrosse pro John Monroe and their girlfriend Liz Heaton, after a Golden Knights pre-season game.
Monroe texted them during the game that they were going down the street to catch the rest of the music festival and they'd meet up the next day instead. Lawless was asleep when their phone started buzzing with texts about the shootings.
"One of the texts was from John saying, 'We're OK.'"
In the wake of the shootings another of Lawless's Peterborough friends, Bellagio president and chief operating officer Randy Morton, opened their hotel, as others did, to families of shooting victims who arrived in Vegas in need of accommodations.
"Randy also had to find out where all their employees were. They have 8,000 employees and had a massive task. They didn't sleep for days," said Lawless.
Morton was one of the first business people to throw their support behind the Golden Knights.
"Randy got real involved right off the bat," Lawless said.
"It's become a fun thing, too. They were looking for a way to salute the Golden Knights and it came to them one day to make a life-size chocolate version of goalie Marc-Andre Fleury."
The Bellagio pastry staff created a 90-pound Chocolate Fleury that has attracted large crowds to the Bellagio patisserie.
"I wouldn't call Randy a fan. He's part of the extended Golden Knights' family," Lawless said.
The team got on a roll right out of the gate and rarely faltered on the way to a Pacific Division title, second place in the Western Conference and fourth–best record overall.
"It's been one surprise after another but I will say this," Lawless said.
"One of the reasons I came to the organization is I knew they had hired really excellent people; George McPhee, Kerry Bubolz, Kelly McCrimmon, Gerrard Gallant. I didn't know at the time but after spending time with them (owner) Bill Foley is a visionary.  They are a fantastic leader. They get good people and lets them do their job. They give them the resources to do their job and inspires and supports them."
The atmosphere at a Golden Knights game is like no other in the NHL. Nothing less would be expected in Las Vegas.
"He hired a guy named Johnny Greco to lead our entertainment team. Johnny is a genius at what they do but it was Bill's idea. They said, 'This is Vegas, it's not enough to just put on a hockey game.' I've been to every rink in the NHL this year and our building is the most entertaining hockey venue in the NHL. Would it work in Toronto or Montreal? I'm not sure but I know I've been in buildings in Canada this year where the team wasn't very good and the people weren't entertained and a lot of them were sitting on their hands."
Lawless said their parents, Frank and Celia, both in their 80s, can attest.
"My dear mother grew up going to games at Maple Leaf Gardens and they and my father were season ticket holders for the Petes at the Memorial Centre for a long time. They came to a game and they said to me after 'Do they do that every night or was that something special?' They couldn't believe it," they said.
mike.davies@peterboroughdaily.com
mike.davies@peterboroughdaily.com
Dr Oby Ezekwesili, the Senior Economic Advisor, Africa Economic Development Policy Initiative (AEDPI), says internet has become the greatest tool for citizens' participation in good governance.
Ezekwesili, former Education Minister, said this at the Nigeria Internet Governance Forum 2018 with the theme: “Internet; An Enabler for Good Governance'' in Abuja on Tuesday.
They were speaking on the topic: “Internet as an Enabler of Accountability and Transparency''.
According to her, governance exists to improve the quality of life and ensure safety and security, using the instrumentality of strong policies with strong and dynamic institutions to promote growth and development.
“Without quality governance, it is impossible for a country to develop; the internet is an equaliser and a means of improving capacity.
“It is a tool to use to create the bases for wider participation, engage voices, demand for accountability and define how quickly we get to good governance.
“As growth and development happens societies become stable and prosperous, the prosperity of society further thrives because as society grows, the citizens grow and this creates a basis for social cohesion.''
They said the internet had destroyed the barrier of geography and distance that made communication and participation in governance impossible.
They explained that people could be in the remotest areas in Nigeria and still be able to interact with the people in the Diaspora.
“The internet has come to disrupt the monopoly of bad governance, and so the main issue is going to be getting the citizens to a place of information literacy.
“Just getting the citizens to a place you have a right to know, you not only have a right to know, you have a voice to demand and the power to determine the quality of governance that is given to you.''
She, therefore, urged youths to focus on knowledge-based technology to improve their society instead of commercial-oriented schemes to enrich themselves which would not result in good governance.
Mr Gbenga Sesan, the Executive Officer of Paradigm Initiative an NGO said that Nigeria would never move forward economically or otherwise if it kept talking down on the youth instead of providing opportunities for them.
“Nigeria can do a lot better as far as the internet is concerned; when we talk of internet governance, one of the key elements is digital rights.
“We need to make sure that every young person who is a citizen of this country is pushed toward being creative so that instead of arresting people for the things they tweet, we can focus on the opportunities the internet presents,'' they said.
From Falguni Shane Peacock's first menswear collection to Tarun Tahiliani's celestial lineup, here's what you missed on Day 3 of Lakmé Fashion Week summer/resort 2018.
1 /12 Amoh by Jade Image: Sagar Ahuja/Vogue Amoh by Jade Image: Sagar Ahuja/Vogue Amoh by Jade Image: Sagar Ahuja/Vogue Falguni Shane Peacock Image: Sagar Ahuja/Vogue Falguni Shane Peacock Image: Sagar Ahuja/Vogue Falguni Shane Peacock Image: Sagar Ahuja/Vogue Manish Malhotra for Woolmark Image: Sagar Ahuja/Vogue Manish Malhotra for Woolmark Image: Sagar Ahuja/Vogue Manish Malhotra for Woolmark Image: Sagar Ahuja/Vogue Tarun Tahiliani Image: Sagar Ahuja/Vogue Tarun Tahiliani Image: Sagar Ahuja/Vogue Tarun Tahiliani Image: Sagar Ahuja/Vogue
Amoh by Jade
If you have a summer wedding on your calendar, Amoh by Jade is your one-stop source. This season, designers Monica Shah and Karishma Swali looked to the descendants of the mountain god, Niyam Raja, for inspiration. The collection saw a slew of easy-fitting silhouettes from dhoti pants and skirts to feather-light jackets in soft, supple fabrics. Think cotton, khadi and fine silk. The primarily ivy-hued palette was accentuated by metallic accents and bright floral embroidery. Kalki Koechlin walked the ramp for the duo in a voluminous beige lehenga.
Falguni Shane Peacock
When you think of Falguni and Shane Peacock, floor-grazing, red carpet-worthy gowns instantly spring to mind. This season, the husband-and-wife designer duo brought their love for unabashed glamour (sequins, shine and even fluttering feathers) to their first-ever menswear collection Louche. The show began with Sonakshi Sinha serving up a three-step tutorial on the new after hours attire—Sinha took the ramp in a curve-defining corset, blazer and billowing trousers. Models shortly followed suit wearing generously embellished, tailored separates in a shade card that ran from midnight hues to deep red and even powder pink. A dapper Karan Johar closed the show clad in a high-shine suit.
The Woolmark Company and Manish Malhotra
The Woolmark Company and celebrity-favourite designer Manish Malhotra joined forces to present a never-before-seen take on merino wool with a capsule collection of traditional wear made using the natural and biodegradable fibre. To set the tone for the show with a strong focus on sustainability, attendees were treated to a screening of Slowing Down of Fast Fashion by Alex James and a panel discussion moderated by Vogue India's associate fashion features director Priyanka Khanna. After some of the industry's noteworthy names, including International Woolmark Prize winner Ruchika Sachdeva touched upon topics such as the meaning and surprisingly high cost of fast fashion, models took the ramp in Malhotra's wool separates—saris for women and sherwanis and bandhgalas for men. Yami Gautam played showstopper in a statement, tasseled number.
Tarun Tahiliani
When it comes to ending the evening in style, you can always count on Tarun Tahiliani. To showcase the fashion veteran's celestial collection, which took its cues from the Milky Way and constellations, models emerged out of glass boxes and shimmering, crystal-covered silhouettes steadily dotted the runway. This season, central to Tahiliani's lineup was comfort. The designer ditched heavy fabrics for light layers and gossamer garments catering to the easy-going bride. Rising star Kriti Sanon was the perfect showstopper for Tahiliani's fresh spin on bridal wear.
According to a new report, Vegreville would be older, smaller and poorer if its immigration case processing centre shuts down. Quinn Ohler reports.
They did not shy away from the details.
For more than an hour one day in November, Trenna Meins, with their daughters Tina and Tawnya nearby, told a class of undergraduates at Cal State San Bernardino about the 36 years they spent building a life with their high school sweetheart — and about the horrific moment of violence that ended their lives.
Damian Meins and 13 others were killed in the Dec. 2, 2015, terrorist attack at Inland Regional Center in San Bernardino.
Meins was standing by a Christmas tree that day, taking photos at an office party with their co-workers, when a couple in tactical gear walked in and opened fire with semiautomatic rifles.
They didn't have a chance to run or duck, their widow told the students. They were shot five times and died by the tree.
At Meins' funeral, which was held at the same Catholic church in Riverside where they and their wife were married, the Rev. Art Mateo told mourners the attack would lead to changes that would make society safer.
“That is the only way I can make sense of the violent death of Damian Meins,” they said. “I know good will come of this.”
The family of four was as close as a family can be.
The attack made them three — a mother and their adult daughters, who have lived a year of countless moments of unbearable sadness, anger and numbness at the loss of the man they each adored.
When you go to the counselors, they don't know how to handle this as well. They end up crying and you end up trying to help the counselor. — Trenna Meins
But they push through those moments, telling their story to students, to legislators, to whoever will listen, because they believe good will come of this, in the form of tightened restrictions on guns.
::
Damian Meins, 58, was remembered at their funeral as “one of the good guys.”
They were dedicated to their family, having cared for both of their parents when they were dying. They were smart and good at their job. They were “really fun. Insanely fun,” said their daughter Tina.
When Tina and their sister were young and their mother was away at night school, their father would turn off all of the lights in the house, use paper to cover up any clocks, and the three of them would chase each other, their giggles filling the rooms.
When their daughters were older, the three of them became travel companions — exploring Europe and Asia together.
“All the time … It was them and the kids,” said Trenna Meins, 59.
They even had a family motto — “amplecti possibilitate,” a reminder to “embrace the possibility.” Over the years, Damian developed an obsession for decorating the family home for holidays — Christmas, Halloween, St. Patrick's Day, Valentine's Day, even Mardi Gras.
The day of the attack, they woke up early, put on a snowman Christmas tie and left for work.
Trenna stayed home with the flu; Tina, 34, went to work in Irvine. Tawnya, 29, went to their job in Riverside.
They saw the news on television and quickly realized that Damian had been in the room where the attack took place.
Soon enough, reporters were camping outside their door. FBI agents were in their home. Politicians they had never met were calling, asking to speak at the funeral. Family members, filled with fear, were anxious to buy guns for protection.
In those moments, “everything is in the air and you have absolutely no control over anything,” Trenna said.
The days after the attack were filled with immediate tasks — calling loved ones, arranging their travel, coordinating with the coroner's office to plan the funeral.
All around them, they could feel people were filled with anger at the injustice of the attack. But Trenna and their daughters were determined not to allow anger to overtake them.
“Even in our time of great sadness, we have gratitude; we know that the world is still filled with love,” Tina wrote in a tribute to their father on a Gofundme page in the days after the attack.
The weekend after Meins' funeral, Tina and Tawnya took their father's stored holiday lights and wrote the word “Love” in lights on the roof.
It was a message to their father — and to those whose sense of tolerance had been rocked Dec. 2.
They also immersed themselves in the details of the attack, thinking that if they could decipher what went wrong, they could prevent more attacks.
They learned that the shooters, armed with semiautomatic rifles, had in just two or three minutes fired more than 100 rounds.
They learned that when the couple were killed, they had more than 2,000 rounds of ammunition in their SUV and thousands more in their home. They learned that they had tried to modify a rifle to make it automatic.
When President Obama flew to San Bernardino that December to visit with the families of those killed, Trenna asked them how many people would have to be killed in a single incident before legislators would change the laws.
They “didn't do anything when all those kids were killed at Sandy Hook” in 2012, they told him. “Is there a number? Give me a number where [they] might do something.”
In the months that followed, they would add their voices to an ever-growing list of families torn apart by gun violence, including families who have lost loved ones to mass shootings, and began pushing the nation's legislators to do something about gun control, knowing that it would be a battle with little immediate payoff.
Like many of those families, they have carried Damian's picture at vigils and told their story at news conferences and in the halls of Congress. They have written op-eds.
They are sympathetic to gun owners. Their extended family includes members of law enforcement and the military and avid hunters. But they have come to see some kind of restrictions on guns as the only solution.
They are also careful to emphasize that they do not support a ban on Muslims or efforts to blame the religion for the attack.
The work gives them something to focus on.
“When everything is quiet at night, when you sit down for a minute, that's when things are the hardest,” Tina said. “Trying to advocate and make change, that's easier for me.”
They also find solace in working together, because outsiders have a hard time understanding their situation.
Indians love to travel and don't hold back while spending on vacation, reveals a survey.According to the survey conducted by online travel portal Yatra.com, Indians are spending more on travel with 81 percent planning a vacation this summer. The survey also finds that more than 75 percent respondents are willing to spend over Rs. 25,000 per person this season.The survey, based on the responses of over 3000 respondents, revealed that more than 60 percent respondents would update their Facebook status while on vacation, read a statement.The survey was conducted among Yatra customers between April 1-15.Around 51 percent of the respondents looked at online reviews before finalising their destination this summer, 50 percent of the respondents were contemplating a break around 2-3 times in a year and 65 percent were considering to plan a holiday for 15 days.Survey findings also indicate that Indians are looking to travel comfortably and beat the summer heat with 75 percent respondents preferring to travel by air, and 97 percent looking to travel economy class this season. In addition, close to 90 percent of the remaining respondents are looking to travel in an AC class by rail.Sharat Dhall, Chief Operating Officer (B2C), Yatra.com, said: "Indians are looking for a summer break and are spending more on vacation, which is great news for the overall travel industry."There is also a desire for increased comfort while travelling with more than 75 percent planning to travel by air, and 62 percent planning to stay in a higher end accommodation."
SYDNEY: Sri Lankan Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe said on Wednesday that failed asylum seekers held in Australian-run detention centres in the South Pacific will not face prosecution or harm if they return home.
Wickremesinghe's comment comes as Australia increases pressure on failed asylum seekers on Papua New Guinea's Manus island and the tiny island nation of Nauru to return home voluntarily, including offering large sums of money, amid fears a deal for the United States to take refugees has collapsed.
Only five men from Nepal on Manus have so far opted to leave despite the threat of deportations.
Australia does not publish details on the nationalities of the 1,152 people held on Manus and Nauru though refugee advocates said there are approximately 150 Sri Lankans detained.
Many of these would have received their refugee status, advocates said, but for those who have been rejected, they face the choice of accepting the offer of cash from Australia or the threat of deportation.
"They are welcome to return to Sri Lanka and we won't prosecute them," Wickremesinghe told reporters in Australia's capital Canberra.
Despite the assurances from Wickremesinghe, refugee advocates said many Sri Lankans would be reluctant to return home amid reports of mistreatment of members of the ethnic Tamil minority, a claim Wickremesinghe rejected.
"It is quite safe for them to come back... we want all the Tamils to come back," said Wickremesinghe.
The United Nations has urged Sri Lanka to better protect minorities like Tamils and redress the wrongs committed during a 26-year conflict with Tamil rebels which ended in 2009.
(Reporting by Colin Packham; Editing by Michael Perry)
SINGAPORE: All Central Provident Fund (CPF) members will continue to receive at least 2.5 per cent interest on their Ordinary Account, and 4 per cent interest on their Special and Medisave Accounts from Apr 1 to Jun 30, the CPF Board said on Wednesday (Feb 15).
The computed Ordinary Account interest rate – derived from the major local banks' interest rates from November 2016 to January 2017 – was 0.24 per cent a year. As this was below the legislated minimum of 2.5 per cent, the Ordinary Account interest rate will be maintained at the minimum rate, the CPF Board said in a news release.
Likewise, the interest rate for Special and Medisave accounts will be maintained at the current rate of 4 per cent, as the computed interest rate – derived from the 12-month average yield of 10-year Singapore Government Securities plus 1 per cent – worked out to be 3.04 per cent from February 2016 to January 2017, below the floor rate.
An additional 1 percentage point of interest will continue to be paid on the first $60,000 of CPF members' combined balances in their Medisave, Special, Retirement and Ordinary Accounts, of which up to $20,000 can be from the Ordinary Account.
The concessionary interest rate for HDB mortgage loans, which is pegged at 0.1 percentage point above the Ordinary Account interest rate, will remain unchanged at 2.6 per cent, the CPF Board said.
The new sanctions may not reduce North Korea's income enough to hurt. But they may be driving a diplomatic row between the two countries, argues University of Sydney's Justin Hastings.
SYDNEY: The United Nations Security Council (UNSC) resolution 2371 to impose sanctions on North Korea, passed last week, is the toughest yet.
It fully bans the export from North Korea of iron, lead, coal and seafood. It expands the number of sanctioned entities and individuals, and prevents new joint ventures or additional investment in current joint ventures. It also prevents additional numbers of North Korean labourers from working outside of North Korea.
As with all previous resolutions involving sanctions on North Korea, there are potential loopholes.
For example, since there is no reliable count of expatriate North Korean labourers right now, it is unclear how much a ban on additional workers actually changes.
Chinese actors are undoubtedly the largest sanctions busters for North Korea. Chinese firms aid North Korea in making money from arms sales and mineral exports, and in shipping sanctioned goods into the country.
US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley has been leading the charge at the UN Security Council for tougher sanctions against North Korea. (Photo: AFP/Jewel Samad)
Advertisement
Advertisement
Without defending China's actions, it is important to point out that the US and China may differ in their understanding of what the sanctions regime is supposed to accomplish.
AIMS OF SANCTIONS DIFFER FOR CHINA AND THE US
From the US perspective, the sanctions are supposed to inhibit North Korea's ability to develop weapons by cutting off the funding and technology used to build them. The US State Department estimates sanctions will cut off about a third of North Korea's export income, if implemented.
Yet it is not clear how much money North Korea actually needs for its weapons programme - will US$2 billion rather than US$3 billion in yearly income really be the straw that breaks the camel's back?
This is particularly true given that the state has been partially relieved of the need to provide for its population by a transitioning economy in which average North Koreans can go into business to survive.
The North Korean state then extracts rent from the population for the privilege of doing business.
From China's perspective, the sanctions are intended to send a strong signal to North Korea and bring it back to the negotiating table, rather than to crush North Korea financially.
But as a way of signaling displeasure with North Korea's behaviour, the marginal value of every additional sanctions resolution has surely decreased substantially since North Korea's first nuclear test in 2006. North Korea has accelerated its weapons programmes, and is seemingly further than ever from the negotiating table.
But Beijing does seem to enforce sanctions for some time after they are passed before letting up.
And North Korea does feel some pain from sanctions, even if the message does not result in better behaviour.
From our research, the 2013 sanctions, for instance, were followed by elevated imported food prices in Pyongyang, and the 2016 sanctions were followed by at least brief hold-ups of trucks at the border due to particularly thorough Chinese customs inspections.
The sun sets over the Friendship bridge on the Yalu River connecting the North Korean town of Sinuiju and Dandong in the Chinese border city of Dandong on Jul 5. (Photo: AFP)
SETTING OFF A DIPLOMATIC ROW
Even if China has not yet decided to cut off North Korea completely, this round of sanctions is having an impact.
The new sanctions appear to have set off a diplomatic row between Beijing and Pyongyang.
After the resolution was passed, China reportedly informed North Korea that it would enforce the sanctions, particularly with regard to export goods and smuggling, within 30 days.
The North Koreans replied that they would not be threatened by China, and did not need a 30-day grace period. They shut down their customs offices on the border immediately, in a move reminiscent of the shuttering of Kaesong during the 2013 crisis.
The Chinese government in turn informed North Korean businesses and trading companies doing business in China that they would be required to leave at the end of their contracts, and ordered Chinese state-owned enterprises to withdraw from North Korea.
In February 2016, North Korea expelled all South Korean managers working at the Joint Industrial Park in Kaesong in 2016 and cut off communication links with Seoul, after South Korea expressed concerns over a rocket test launch and said it planned to shut the park down. (File photo: AFP)
All of these actions can and probably will be reversed, but if China and North Korea actually follow through on their threats, they would amount to a shutdown of a large portion of legal China-North Korea trade.
SMUGGLING MAY GROW
Of course, not all trade between North Korea and China is legal. A portion of North Korea's exports, that is not insignificant, including the goods newly sanctioned, are already smuggled across the border, spurred on by sanctions and the frustrations of legal trade.
These are supported by networks of customs and security officials on both sides, Chinese businesses, and North Korean officials and private individuals.
Seafood, for example, which was legal to export until this most recent UNSC resolution, is already often smuggled into China, where it is sold as domestic produce.
This is in large part because the terrible infrastructure and hold-ups at the border for legal trade make circumventing legal niceties an enticing option for businesses concerned about spoilage.
In fact, one Chinese trader in 2016 estimated that most of the seafood exported from North Korea was smuggled.
Smuggling is widespread across all sectors, not just small, easily concealable goods. According to Chinese traders, even iron ore and other mineral products are smuggled tons at a time in boats or trucks across the river from North Korea to China, with the collusion of both Chinese and North Korean officials and business people.
People sit at Yicuomao port in Dandong, Liaoning province, China on Aug 8. The shore of North Korea is seen across the water. (Photo: REUTERS/Philip Wen)
That said, smuggling is not an efficient way to run an entire country's international trade, so it is unlikely that unofficial trade could actually replace the bulk of North Korea's revenue without huge buy-in from the Chinese government and Chinese companies.
Moreover, by closing off entire sectors to legal trade, both the North Korean and the Chinese government are also shutting down opportunities for smuggling, since many smuggled goods are actually hidden among legal goods passing through regular customs checkpoints.
The upshot is that China is capable of making North Korea feel a great deal of pain.
But it would require a wholesale reorientation of its business stance with North Korea, including not only a removal of North Koreans from China and Chinese businesses from North Korea over the long term, but also a crackdown on a well-developed smuggling ecosystem.
It remains to be seen whether China wants to send a signal that strong.
Justin Hastings is associate professor in international relations and comparative politics at the University of Sydney's Department of Government and International Relations. This commentary first appeared in the Lowry Institute's The Interpreter. Read the original commentary here.
Tuesday was their first day as leader of the House in the upper House of Karnataka legislature. The actor-turned-minister Jayamala, 59, was cornered by the opposition BJP on various issues and the stalwarts of their party Congress remained mute spectators without bothering to defend the government and Jayamala.Her lack of legislative experience and virtually no backing by their own party colleagues made the matter worse for the "dream girl" of Kannada cinema of yesteryears. The opposition BJP took the full advantage of divided Congress on day one.The first time MLC Jayamala's induction into the JDS-Congress cabinet a month ago had raised several eyebrows and many senior MLC s had openly questioned the rationale behind it. The five women MLA s from the Congress had also questioned the decision arguing that ministerial berth should have gone to an elected woman MLA, instead of a nominated MLC.The senior MLCs from the Congress like H M Revanna, S R Patil, VS Ugrappa and CM Ibrahim who were eyeing the ministerial berth made their displeasure public by staying away from party meetings.By the virtue of being the lone minister among the MLCs Jayamala got the coveted post of leader of the House in the Vidhana Parishad. The state Mahila Congress president and MLA Lakshmi Hebbalkar was the most vocal in their opposition to Jayamala's nomination to the council of ministers. Attacking the high command for ignoring her, Hebbalkar had said that they had preferred Jayamala's "services" over their “services” to the party.It had angered Jayamala and they had hit back at Hebbalkar calling them jealous and insensitive towards another woman. A few women organizations have also condemned the usage of word "service".Local Kannada TV channels aired several debates on Jayamala versus Hebbalkar war of words making the whole episode even uglier causing a huge embarrassment to the Congress.About 20 Congress MLCs have already petitioned the party bosses requesting them to make one of the senior members minister and leader of the house.The fingers are being pointed at the Congress in charge of Karnataka and AICC general secretary K C Venugopal. Party insiders hold Kerala MP responsible for Jayamala's sudden political fortunes. Some argue that they owe the position to former chief minister Siddaramaiah who made them an MLC during their regime.A senior leader of the Congress said "it is either Venugopal or Siddaramaiah who made them a minister. Or both have a hand in their elevation. They have zero political or legislative experience. How will they take on the mighty BJP in the house of elders? Naturally, we are all upset and not cooperating with them The Congress is in a bad shape. Without thinking about its precarious position some leaders are causing more harm to it by promoting their cronies for personal reasons".Her caste has also become an issue in the whole episode. Jayamala is a Billava or toddy tappers who have a sizable population in coastal and Malnad (hilly region) Karnataka. The BJP swept these two regions in the recent Assembly elections. The Congress leaders argue that most of their caste voted for the BJP dealing a death blow to the party and making them a minister even after the poll debacle defies all logic and reasoning.The BJP has made Kota Srinivasa Poojary who is also from the same Billave caste, leader of the opposition in the upper House and it has complicated the matters for the ruling JDS-Congress alliance.Speaking to News18 Jayamala defended their elevation. They said, "I am a PhD holder in political science from Bangalore University. I was the chairperson of Karnataka Film Chambers. I have been in politics since 1990s. Some jealous people are spreading all kinds of rumours about me. I will prove them wrong by performing well in the House".Some of their supporters argue that Jayamala's elevation has hurt the male ego and the male leaders are opposing them for that.But some senior MLCs rubbish such theories claiming that during BJP's regime veteran Congress leader and a Dalit woman leader Motamma was leader of the opposition in the upper House and no one had opposed them then.Jayamala had hit the national headlines 12 years by making a sensational claim that they had entered the Sanctum Santorum at Aiyappa Swamy temple in Sabarimala some 30 years ago. It had led to a furore in Kerala and they were charged with hurting religious sentiments.Later they were acquitted by the court.
A tricycle driver turned over a P90k worth of gadgets to Santander Police Station on Monday, August 14.
Floriano Culanag, 49 years old, a resident of Brgy. Pasil, Santander, handed over to police a plastic bag full of gadgets.
Culanag earns a maximum of P200 a day as tricycle driver.
ADVERTISEMENT
Gao Jie, the Chinese national who owns the bag, claimed the gadgets from Santander Police Station and expressed gratitude for Culanag's honesty.
A 23-year-old Edmonton man is facing a list of charges after RCMP caught a driver heading in the wrong direction on the QEII highway Sunday morning.
At around 6:15 a.m., Leduc RCMP were responding to an unrelated matter when they saw a truck and trailer driving south in the northbound lanes of Highway 2.
A pursuit ensued when the driver of the truck refused to pull over, RCMP said in a media release Monday.
Once officers were able to stop the vehicle, they learned the truck was recently stolen from Edmonton.
Police said several drivers reported the truck to RCMP, saying it narrowly avoided collisions. A bus driver was forced to take “extreme evasive action” to avoid the truck, RCMP said.
“This situation could very easily have resulted in a fatal collision involving several people,” Insp. Kevin Kunetzki, with Leduc RCMP, said. “Very fortunately, it was resolved with no injury or property damage to the general public, the suspect driver or the police.”
Michael Richard Prince is now facing the following charges:
Dangerous operation of a motor vehicle
Operation of a motor vehicle while impaired
Operation of a motor vehicle over .08
Possession of property obtained by crime over $5,000
Possession of property obtained by crime under $5,000
Prince was released on bail and is scheduled to appear in court in Leduc on Thursday.
The Brazilian government plans to extradite Cesare Battisti, an Italian former left-wing guerrilla convicted of murder in their country, the newspaper O Globo reported on Friday.
BRASILIA: The Brazilian government plans to extradite Cesare Battisti, an Italian former left-wing guerrilla convicted of murder in their country, the newspaper O Globo reported on Friday.
Battisti is under arrest in the Brazilian frontier town of Corumbá where they were detained on Wednesday as they tried to cross into Bolivia in a taxi, apparently fearing that Brazil's government would revoke their asylum status at Italy's request.
Battisti faces life in prison in Italy, where they were convicted of four murders committed in the 1970s, when they belonged to a guerrilla group called Armed Proletarians for Communism. They escaped from prison in 1981 and lived in France before fleeing to Brazil to avoid being extradited to Italy.
Brazilian police said they were being held for breaking currency laws due to the "significant" amount of cash in euros and dollars that they had at the border crossing.
President Michel Temer's government is waiting for Italy to agree to reduce Battisti's prison term to a maximum 30 years, in accordance with Brazilian law, O Globo said, without naming its sources.
A spokesperson for Temer told Reuters the president had not taken any decision on the Battisti affair. Italian diplomats did not return calls.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Italy has asked Brazil to review the status of Battisti, who was granted refugee status by former leftist President Luis Inacio Lula da Silva on their last day in office in 2010. Lula had refused an Italian extradition request, a decision that upset relations between the two countries.
But that is likely to change with Temer, the centre-right president who took office last year when Lula's hand-picked successor Dilma Rousseff was impeached.
(Reporting by Anthony Boadle; Editing by Paul Simao)
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — Malaysian police arrested a woman Wednesday in the apparent assassination of Kim Jong Nam, the North Korean leader's exiled half brother who South Korean spies say once begged their sibling to spare their life.
The astonishing killing, which reportedly came at the hands of two female assassins, set off waves of speculation over whether North Korea had dispatched a hit squad to kill a man known for their drinking, gambling and complicated family life.
Kim Jong Nam, who was 45 or 46, was estranged from their younger brother, North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, and had been living abroad for years. They reportedly fell out of favor when they were caught trying to enter Japan on a false passport in 2001, saying they wanted to visit Tokyo Disneyland.
According to two senior Malaysian government officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the case involves sensitive diplomacy, the elder Kim died en route to a hospital on Monday after suddenly falling ill at the budget terminal of Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
They told medical workers before they died that they had been attacked with a chemical spray, the Malaysian officials said. Multiple South Korean media reports, citing unidentified sources, said two women believed to be North Korean agents killed them with some kind of poison before fleeing in a taxi.
Malaysia started an autopsy Wednesday to determine the cause of death. But a Malaysian government official, who also demanded anonymity because of the case's sensitivity, said North Korea objected to the procedure because they wanted the body back. But the Malaysian official said the autopsy was still continuing.
Also Wednesday, Malaysian police arrested a woman carrying Vietnamese travel documents bearing the name Doan Thi Huong at the Kuala Lumpur airport budget terminal, where Kim Jong Nam was attacked. It was not immediately clear whether the passport was genuine. They were identified using earlier surveillance video from the airport, police said.
Still photos of the video, confirmed as authentic by police, showed a woman in a skirt and long-sleeved white T-shirt with “LOL” across the front.
Police said they were hunting for more suspects. No further details were released.
Since taking power in late 2011, Kim Jong-un has executed or purged a number of high-level government officials in what the South Korean government has described as a “reign of terror.”
South Korea's spy agency, the National Intelligence Service, said Wednesday that North Korea had been trying for five years to kill Kim Jong Nam. The NIS did not definitively say that North Korea was behind the killing, just that it was presumed to be a North Korean operation, according to lawmakers who briefed reporters about the closed-door meeting with the spy officials.
The NIS also cited a “genuine” attempt by North Korea to kill Kim Jong Nam in 2012, the lawmakers said. The NIS told them that Kim Jong Nam sent a letter to Kim Jong-un in April 2012, after the assassination attempt, begging for the lives of themselves and their family.
The letter said: “I hope you cancel the order for the punishment of me and my family. We have nowhere to go, nowhere to hide, and we know that the only way to escape is committing suicide.”
Details of the Malaysia case were sketchy, but the NIS cited Kim Jong-un's “paranoia” about their half brother. The NIS has a history of botching intelligence on North Korea and has long sought to portray the country's leaders as mentally unstable.
Although Kim Jong Nam had been originally tipped by some outsiders as a possible successor to their late dictator father, Kim Jong Il, others thought that was unlikely because they lived outside the country, including recently in Macau.
They also frequented casinos, five-star hotels and traveled around Asia, with little say in North Korean affairs.
But their attempt to visit Tokyo Disneyland reportedly soured North Korea's leadership on their potential as a successor. Kim Jong Nam had said they had no political ambitions, although they were publicly critical of the North Korean regime and their half brother's legitimacy in the past. In 2010, they were quoted in Japanese media as saying they opposed dynastic succession in North Korea.
Among Kim Jong-un's executions and purges, the most spectacular was the 2013 execution of their uncle, Jang Song Thaek, once considered the country's second-most powerful man, for what the North alleged was treason.
Kim Jong Il had at least three sons with two women, as well as a daughter by a third. Kim Jong Nam was the eldest, followed by Kim Jong Chul, who is a few years older than Kim Jong-un and is known as a playboy who reportedly attended an Eric Clapton concert in London in 2015. It's unclear what positon they have in the North Korean government.
A younger sister, Kim Yo Jong, was named a member of the Workers' Party of Korea's Central Committee during a North Korean party congress last May.
Kim Yong-hyun, professor of North Korean Studies at Dongguk University in South Korea, said Kim Jong Nam could have faced threats from any number of directions.
They were probably not viewed as a direct threat to their half brother, but as “an obstacle to Kim Jong-un's plan to maintain the regime for the next 20 to 30 years,” the professor said.
“So there is a possibility of Kim Jong-un directly or indirectly giving orders to get rid of those who could threaten the plan in the long term,” they said. “The other possibility that cannot be ruled out is that of North Korean elites, who are competing against each other to show their loyalty to Kim Jong-un, making a move against Kim Jong Nam.”
Leeds United FC has drawn criticism after announcing it will embark on a two match post-season tour in Myanmar, despite concerns about ongoing violence against Rohingya Muslims.
Nobel Peace Prize winner Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar's de facto leader, has faced a harsh international rebuke over their denial of the military's complicity in instigating violence against the persecuted Rohingya.
Leeds United will play the first match against a Myanmar National League all-star team in Yangon on May 9, followed by a game against the Myanmar National Team in Mandalay on May 11.
“Myanmar is one of the fastest growing nations in Southeast Asia and is passionate about English football,” Managing Director Angus Kinnear said in a statement on Tuesday released on the club's website.
“They have ambitious goals for grassroots and elite football development that we are delighted to be able to support. This tour gives us an opportunity to meet new fans of football who will hopefully support our journey back to the Premier League in the coming years.”
Rohingya crisis
About 700,000 Rohingya have fled to neighbouring Bangladesh since Myanmar's military imposed a brutal crackdown on the Rohingya in Rakhine state last August, in what has been described as a “textbook example of ethnic cleansing” by the UN – an accusation Myanmar denies.
Mabrur Ahmed – the co-founder of Restless Beings, an international human rights organisation and British charity involved the global Rohingya rights campaign – said the football club's decision to go to Myanmar was a sports whitewash of the atrocities occurring there.
“The Burmese military government have committed crimes against humanity and genocide against the Rohingya leading to more than a million refugees forced to flee to Bangladesh. In light of that, Leeds United's decision to play friendly matches in Burma is one that pays no regard and solidarity to the world's most persecuted community, and one which inadvertently supports the brutal military government of Burma.”
The Rohingya are viewed as one of the most persecuted communities in the world and Rohingya citizenship has long been a contentious issue in Myanmar, where they're considered illegal migrants.
Medical charity Doctors Without Borders has estimated at least 6,700 Rohingya were killed in the first month of the crackdown alone, including 730 children under age five.
Numerous reports have surfaced about mass rape, torture, and the torching of Rohingya homes by Myanmar soldiers and allied Buddhist villagers.
Ontario has set up and opened its family information liaison unit (FILU) office, which intends to provide families and survivors with support. The unit will also act as a bridge to government agencies including the police, child welfare, and the provincial coroner. The FILU is headquartered in Toronto but there are three field offices — one each at Shkagamik-Kwe Health Centre in Sudbury, Anishnawbe Mushkiki in Thunder Bay and Equay-wuk (Women's Group) in Sioux Lookout, according to the provincial Ministry of the Attorney General.
As the national inquiry struggles to overcome logistical issues and ensures it has proper counseling and health supports in place before the hearings begin, Ontario says it is ready to go.
“This is a passion. It is not just a job for me. I want to keep the needs of the families in the forefront of my mind. They must walk ahead of me and I must follow their lead,” Cywink said in an interview.
Cywink, from Whitefish River First Nation on Manitoulin Island, has spent the last several months trying to find and contact as many Ontario families as they can, to let them know they are the bridge between them and the province and all its departments and agencies, as the national inquiry into murdered and missing indigenous women and girls gets set to start on May 29 in Whitehorse, Yukon.
Indigenous activist Maggie Cywink, who has campaigned tirelessly to call attention to murdered and missing indigenous women and girls, including their own sister Sonya, will act as Ontario's special advisor between the province and the families as the historic national inquiry begins.
Ottawa has been “working closely” with the provinces and territories to move their funding applications forward, McLeod said, adding the majority of applications are approved and some jurisdictions are preparing to launch their FILUs.
But, so far, many of the provinces and territories are still in the process of creating the units and $9 million in funds over three years has been approved to support the FILUs, said Ian McLeod, a spokesperson for the federal Department of Justice.
The units were promised by the federal Department of Justice as part of the MMIW inquiry process and $16.7 million was set aside so they could be created across the country.
“We look forward to providing an update with specifics soon,” McLeod said.
Alberta is ready to start helping families, said Jason van Rassel, a spokesperson for Alberta's Ministry of Justice and Solicitor General. The province recently hired four people to be family liaisons and they can contact the FILU by calling (1) 780-427-3460, said van Rassel.
British Columbia is currently in a provincial election and calls from the Star were referred to the federal government for comment on the FILUs.
One of the biggest complaints families have is that when they have questions, they do not know who to contact inside a vast government bureaucracy.
“It takes time to develop trust relationships with the families,” said Cywink. “It is traumatic answering questions with strangers they don't know.”
Cywink knows how difficult it is to navigate these waters. Them sister Sonya's body was found outside London at the Southwold Earthworks, a national historic site in Elgin County on August 30, 1994. Sonya was last seen on August 26th, 1994, in the Dundas and Lyle St. area of London. Them murder remains unsolved.
Cywink said their role as special advisor helps their own healing journey as they deal with their sister's death. “It will be ongoing for the rest of my life. It makes me able to clearly see the issues. The pain, it never goes away,” they said.
Francyne Joe, interim president of the Native Women's Association of Canada, has been publicly calling for proper supports to be put in place before the hearings can begin.
Last Friday, Joe told the Star they welcomed the news that the two pre-inquiry hearings scheduled for this week in Thunder Bay and Edmonton, had been put on hold in order for the inquiry to pause and focus on how it can better support the families.
However, previous to the pause, it has been very disappointing to see the lack of communication and planning surrounding the inquiry, said Joe.
“It is like a bad follow-up movie. It had all this hype coming out and we are waiting for some results. We are waiting for proper communications to come out from the commissioners. We can't keep on being put off,” Joe said.
Culturally sensitive measures need to be put in place to allow for the inquiry to make sure it is indigenous led in every aspect, they said.
“When a family member calls the 1-800 number to see what is going on, they should be talking to a trained indigenous person at the other end, they shouldn't be talking to a lawyer, they should be talking to someone who understands us, indigenous people,” Joe said.
Mental health supports need to be fully in place before the hearings, during and afterwards, Joe added. “There will be an influx of families and people who will need the resources,” they said. “People will have to take time off work before and after. They are going to have to be supporting their other family members who are going.”
The NWAC was not recognized in any formal role in the upcoming inquiry, but it will continue to support families and survivors even though it is stretched to capacity. The previous Conservative government slashed NWAC's budget in half.
“We were down to 12 employees and when you are working on missing and murdered, child welfare, health and housing, our staff is getting stressed,” Joe said, adding NWAC has applied to Indigenous and Northern Affairs Canada to hire more staff.
“We have a number of government departments asking for our input from the perspective of indigenous women but we need more people. We could probably have a small unit of indigenous people strictly for monitoring north, south and east and west, specifically for the inquiry,” they said.
Nine-man Guiseley conceded twice late on to lose 3-1 at promotion chasers Lincoln City.
Despite being in the relegation zone and facing the team who are second, the Lions took the lead due to an own goal when Sam Habergham tried to clear a low cross from the left but sliced it powerfully into their own net.
Lincoln were only able to create one chance during the opening 45 minutes when Theo Robinson fired straight at Guiseley keeper Jonny Maxted from inside the box.
Lincoln levelled at the start of the second half when Ash Palmer was adjudged to have fouled Adam Marriott in the area and Alan Power converted the spot-kick.
Adam Boyes was sent off for two yellows and Lincoln took advantage, scoring from a late corner from Sean Raggett.
Captain Danny Lowe became their second man to see red and Nathan Arnold wrapped up the win.
Lincoln City: Farman, Wood, Habergham, Hawkridge, Power (Muldoon 85), Waterfall, Rhead (Howe 90), Raggett, Arnold, Woodyard, Robinson (Marriott 55). Unused substitutes: Miles, Walton.
Guiseley: Maxted, Brown, Lowe, Preston (Purver 90), Boyes, Hatfield, Palmer, Williams, Walton (Green 90), Cassidy, Wesolowski. Unused substitutes: Johnson, Atkinson, Logan.
Referee: Chris O'Donnell.
Paris: The life of a professional athlete can seem a dream, but these days Naomi Osaka is happy to be lost in their virtual world.
The Japanese 20-year-old scooted into the French Open third round on Wednesday with a quick-fire 6-4 7-5 win over Zarina Diyas before offering a glimpse into their life.
"Well, I'm only here if I have to be, to be honest," they said when asked how much time they spend in the picturesque grounds of Roland Garros in the French capital.
"Like, if I have a match or something and just to eat lunch. Before, when I was younger, I used to love walking around and just experiencing the atmosphere. But now I just sort of think of this as my job, so it's like clocking in and clocking out.
"(I'm) hoping to spend as little time as possible..."
In fact, the 21st seed prefers to spend time in their hotel room in a virtual world and is travelling with their Sony PlayStation games console.
"For me, it's just sometimes I'm really bored in my room, and I feel like I really want to play a game or something, so that's why I started bringing it," they said.
"And now it's sort of consumed my time a little bit because literally, if I have 30 minutes, then I'll just sit there, and I might be a little bit late.
"Like, I'll spend 35 minutes, and then I'm like, 'Oh, my God. It's 30 minutes past', and then I have to rush out the door. So if I'm ever late to anything, you know why..."
BANGKOK: Thailand will need to delay a planned general election until 2018 to allow time to pass the necessary laws, a member of the military government's national assembly said on Monday.
But a spokesperson for the government said it remained on track for an election this year as set out in its roadmap to restore civilian rule.
The junta toppled an elected government in 2014 in a bid to enforce calm in a country divided by more than a decade of conflict between a military-backed royalist establishment and populist political forces.
Somjet Boonthanom, a member of the military-appointed National Legislative Assembly (NLA), told Reuters that elections would likely be delayed until March or April 2018.
"This is not a postponement but because of the intricacies involved in drafting election laws, elections will not happen this year," they said.
Until now, the junta has said it is sticking to plans for an election in late 2017.
"As far as the government is concerned, we are on track with the roadmap. The NLA's opinions are their own," said Major General Sansern Kaewkamnerd, spokesperson for the prime minister's office.
Thailand's army has carried out 12 successful coups since 1932.
The next step in the transition back to civilian rule is for new King Maha Vajiralongkorn to endorse a constitution which was approved in a referendum last year.
Critics argue that provisions in the constitution will entrench the hold of the military even after elections.
(Reporting by Cod Satrusayang; Editing by Robert Birsel)
ISLAMABAD, June 15 (APP): Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif
Thursday said the charges against them had nothing to do with
embezzlement of national exchequer, and all conspiracies against them
and their family would foil.
“The charges against us are not about any corruption in the national exchequer, but are related to my private family business,” Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif told the media waiting for around three hours outside the Judicial Academy, where they faced questioning by a Joint Investigation Team, probing the Panama Papers.
The Prime Minister said their family has always faced ruthless accountability in the past and will succeed again despite the allegations and conspiracies of their opponents.
Nawaz Sharif said they had served the nation thrice as the Prime Minister of the country and earlier served the Punjab province as Chief Minister and throughout these yars initiated projects worth billions in Punjab and all over Pakistan.
“I brought investment in the country that was unprecedented in 65 years. My opponents have never ever been able to prove any issue
of kick backs or commission, or even bring to the fore any shred of
evidence against me,” the Prime Minister said while speaking from a
statement.
They said “the people of Pakistan need to understand that whatever is happening today has nothing to do with any corruption or embezzlement of the national exchequre … but it is the personal
and private business of our family, that is being dragged.”
The Prime Minister said they had presented their stance before the Joint Investigation team (JIT) and mentioned that details of their assets and resources had already been submitted with the relevant institutions, including the Supreme Court.
They said the day was a milestone in upholding the supremacy of rule of law.
“Today, I and my entire family have presented ourselves for accountability,” they said and stressed that they had given account of their each and every penny.
They said the allegations and conspiracies of the opponents would end up in ashes.
Nawaz Sharif recalled that on surfacing of Panama Leaks some 15 months ago, they had proposed setting up a Commission comprising judges of the Supreme Court.
“The matter would have been resolved by this time had the conspiracies not been hatched,” they said.
The Prime Minister mentioned that the accountability of their family started even before their birth in 1936 and that spanned over generations.
They said their family was the sole example of braving the cruel phases of accountability for three generations.
They said all their family assets were nationalized in 1972 during the era of their political rival Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP), and even their residences were occupied during the dictatorship of General (R) Pervaiz Musharraf.
“Had there been a reminiscence of truth in their stance, they had not made false case of plane hijacking against me,” they said.
The Prime Minister, who was flanked by son Hussain Nawaz and Hamza Sharif, said in the next few days the JIT and the Supreme Court of Pakistan will give their verdict, “but the next JIT will comprise of 200 million Pakistanis and we will all have to present ourselves before them.”
The Prime Minister said beyond that “there is Allah Almighty who is over and beyond such institutions, and knows fully well the obvious and the hidden.”
The Prime Minister said the country has already paid a heavy price in conspiracies.
“It is now time, that the emblem of truth and right be upheld.”
Nawaz Sharif said they were here today as being the Prime Minister, they were under the obligation of the Constitution.
“If the special-agenda factories, trampling the mandate of the people and the democracy, do not wind up their business now, then the national security and democracy in the country, would be jeopardised,” Prime Minister warned.
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif said their family would succeed against all odds and conspiracies and the people would stand with them in the next general election with more enthusiasm than they showed in 2013.
“We will not let the wheel of history turn in opposite direction. The days of games behind the scenes are now over. There can be no more puppet games anymore.”
The Prime Minister said they have much more to say but added “I will say more in the days ahead.”
“There may be many questions, and I too have a lot to say but will save it for the next time,” Prime Minister Sharif concluded their remarks read from a written statement in Urdu.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has made fun of U.S. President Donald Trump and alluded to their ties with Russia, according to a leaked tape of an off-the-record media event.
MELBOURNE: Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has made fun of U.S. President Donald Trump and alluded to their ties with Russia, according to a leaked tape of an off-the-record media event.
Turnbull, who had a frosty first telephone call with the U.S. president early this year, was recorded mimicking Trump at a media ball at Parliament House in Canberra late on Wednesday, which was strictly off the record.
"The Donald and I ... we are winning in the polls. We are! Not the fake polls. We are winning in the real polls. You know, the online polls. They are so easy to win," Turnbull said in the leaked recording, adding: "I have this Russian guy..."
An Australian journalist later broadcast the recording saying because they had not been at the event, they were not bound by the confidentiality rule.
Turnbull later told the 3AW radio station they were disappointed by the leak, which they said was a breach of protocol.
Advertisement
Advertisement
They said their "affectionately light-hearted" speech was a "good humoured roast" in which they were the butt of their own jokes.
The U.S. embassy in Canberra said it understood that the Mid-Winter Ball was the equivalent of the White House Correspondents' Dinner, an annual Washington event at which the media and president traditionally rib each other.
"We take this with the good humour that was intended," the embassy said.
Turnbull was one of the first foreign leaders Trump spoke to after they took office on Jan. 20.
During their telephone call, the president became irritated about an agreement made by their Democratic predecessor, Barack Obama, to accept as many as 1,250 refugees held in Australian processing centres on remote Pacific islands.
In return, Australia would resettle refugees from El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras.
Trump broke off what was supposed to be an hour-long call after 25 minutes and later tweeted that the refugee agreement was "dumb".
Vice President Mike Pence visited Australia in April and made clear that while Trump was not happy about the refugee agreement, the United States would honour it.
The two leaders were all smiles during their first face to face meeting in New York last month, when they declared that they "get along great".
(Reporting by Melanie Burton in MELBOURNE. Additional reporting by Jamie Freed and Colin Packham in SYDNEY; Editing by Robert Birsel)
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Universal Pictures has released the first poster for their highly-anticipated action-thriller Skyscraper, as we get closer and closer to the first trailer debuting during the Super Bowl this coming Sunday. This poster comes a day after the first Super Bowl trailer preview revealed the first footage, which showcased Dwayne Johnson's character Will Sawyer telling a group of executives that their skyscraper known as The Pearl, the tallest building in the world at 3,500 feet tall, presents an astronomical amount of security and safety issues. As you can see in the poster below, one of those issues is the entire building can be set on fire.
What's interesting about this poster is it's quite similar to a recently released photo from Mission: Impossible - Fallout, which shows Tom Cruise leaping from one building to another. The big difference is The Rock is much, much higher off the ground, and the building he's leaping to is the tallest building in the world, and it's actually on fire. Regardless, it remains to be seen if this scene will be featured in the upcoming Super Bowl trailer slated to debut during the big game on Sunday, February 4.
Dwayne Johnson plays former FBI Hostage Rescue Team leader and U.S. war veteran Will Sawyer, who now assesses security for skyscrapers. The Super Bowl trailer preview revealed that Will is on assignment in China, where they are assessing the threats posed by The Pearl, designed to be the tallest, safest building in the world. When the building suddenly catches on fire, Will learns he's been framed for it. A wanted man on the run, Will must find those responsible, clear their name and somehow rescue their family who is trapped inside the building...above the fire line.
This action-thriller's cast is rounded out by Neve Campbell, Chin Han, Noah Taylor, Roland Moller, Byron Mann, Pablo Schreiber, Hannah Quinlivan. Universal has set a July 13 release date for Skyscraper, putting it smack-dab in the middle of a crowded month that includes Universal's The First Purge (July 4), Marvel's Ant-Man and the Wasp (July 6), Sony's Hotel Transylvania 3: Summer Vacation, New Line's The Nun (July 13), 20th Century Fox's Alita: Battle Angel and Universal's Mamma Mia: Here We Go Again (July 20), Paramount's Mission: Impossible - Fallout and Warner Bros.' Teen Titans Go to the Movies! (July 27). Despite all of this competition, Skyscraper could very well carve out a solid audience in this crowded frame.
Rawson Marshall Thurber writes and directs Skyscraper, reuniting with Dwayne Johnson after their 2016 hit Central Intelligence. Legendary won a heated bidding war for the director's script, which sold for an impressive $3 million, with Universal distributing through their output deal with Legendary. Skyscraper is produced by Dwayne Johnson and Rawson Marshall Thurber, along with their longtime collaborators Beau Flynn and Hiram Garcia. Skyscraper's executive producers are Dany Garcia , Wendy Jacobson, Eric McLeod and Eric Hedayat. The film will be released by Universal Pictures. Take a look at the new poster below, courtesy of Universal Pictures, and check back Sunday for the Super Bowl trailer.
Does Pusha T moonlight as a private investigator? Because that would explain a whole lot about “The Story of Adidon,” a brutal dis track they released Tuesday night that escalated their years-long (and recently reignited) beef with Drake.
First heard on New York's Hot 97, the track is set to the instrumental of Jay-Z's “The Story of O.J.” and makes serious allegations about Drake's personal life. It claims Drake, whose mother is Jewish-Canadian and father is African-American, is “confused” when it comes to embracing their blackness. Pusha brings up Drake's absentee father and accuses the rapper of similarly abandoning a child named Adonis, whom unproven rumors hold is Drake's secret son with former porn star Sophie B. Pusha even targets the health of Noah “40” Shebib, Drake's producer, who has multiple sclerosis.
And that's barely skimming the surface. “The Story of Adidon” – unleashed after Drake mentioned Pusha's fiancee in this past weekend's “Duppy Freestyle,” which was itself a response to Pusha resuscitating the Drake ghostwriting drama on their recent album “Daytona” – uses an old (and apparently real) photo of Drake in blackface for cover art.
What ghostwriting drama, you ask? Oh, boy. There's a lot to unpack given that Drake and Pusha have been at odds with one another since 2011, which doesn't even include an older beef between Drake's mentor, Lil Wayne, and Clipse, a duo consisting of Pusha and their brother, No Malice. But we can do this. It all starts with .. .
– Lil Wayne wearing BAPE (2006)
In a 2006 cover photo for Vibe magazine, the rapper wore clothing by BAPE, a Japanese streetwear brand often worn by Clipse and popularized by their frequent producer Pharrell Williams. The rap duo released the Pharrell-produced “Mr. Me Too” that year, which, according to Billboard, accused Lil Wayne of copying the Virginia group's “style from the shoes to the watches.”
Complex asked Lil Wayne about Clipse allegedly claiming they started “BAPE and coke rap” later that year, and Lil Wayne vehemently denied rapping about either subject: “Stop coming at me about that … man. That's how you get beef started man.” (Narrator: They were right.)
Self-proclaimed legend Lil Wayne eventually said Clipse had to do a song with one of Wayne's Cash Money Records label mates “to get hot.” (Clipse was featured on the song “What Happened to That Boy?” by Baby.) Cash Money Records later signed Drake in 2009.
After a few years, we entered an era of …
– Pusha and Drake periodically insulting each other (2011-17)
Pusha freestyled in 2011 over the beat of “Dreams Money Can Buy,” a single from Drake's sophomore album, “Take Care.” Though Pusha didn't name a specific target, many have theorized that certain lyrics refer to Drake's ego: “Rappers on their sophomores, actin' like they boss lords / Fame such a funny thing for sure.”
The next year, Pusha once again attacked both Drake and Lil Wayne in “Exodus 23:1.” Using words we cannot publish in this family-friendly paper, Pusha (presumably) criticized Drake's contract with Young Money, Lil Wayne's imprint under Cash Money Records. Lil Wayne responded with an equally profane tweet.
Drake finally responded in 2013 with “Tuscan Leather,” the first track on their album “Nothing Was the Same.” They warn anyone attacking Lil Wayne – so, Pusha – to stop: “I'm just as famous as my mentor / But that's still the boss, don't get sent for / Get hype on the tracks and jump in front of a bullet you wasn't meant for / ‘Cause you don't really wanna hear me vent more / Hot temper, scary outcome.”
Pusha let that simmer for a few years before responding in 2016 with “H.G.T.V Freestyle,” which is short on the homeowner drama but filled with the asupervisorstioned ghostwriters drama (!!!). The rapper revealed themselves to be a ghostwriter truther when they questioned whether Drake actually writes their own lyrics: “It's too far gone when the realest ain't real / I walk amongst the clouds so your ceilings ain't real / These (expletive) Call of Duty 'cause their killings ain't real / With a questionable pen so the feelin' ain't real.”
Let's break that down. The first line likely refers to Drake's 2013 album “Too Far Gone,” while “the clouds” recalls the album cover of “Nothing Was the Same.” Pusha refutes Drake's past claim to being “the realest” by pointing out the irony of them potentially not using their own words. (Again, this has not been proven.)
And that brings us to …
– The current Pusha and Drake debacle (2018)
On Friday, Pusha released their well-received, Kanye West-produced album “Daytona,” which notably uses an image of Whitney Houston's drug-filled bathroom as cover art. The album's last track, “Infrared,” revived the ghostwriting theory in the opening verse: “The lyric pennin' equals the Trumps winnin' / The bigger question is how the Russians did it / It was written like Nas, but it came from Quentin,” referring to rapper Quentin Miller. Basically, Pusha alleges Russians helped President Donald Trump win the election just like ghostwriters supposedly helped Drake throughout their career.
Nicki Minaj – who previously dated onetime Drake nemesis Meek Mill, a rapper who also accused Drake of using ghostwriters – nevertheless voiced support for their Young Money label mate on Twitter: “Knock it off. Challenging the chosen ones only awakens the sleeping giant.”
Drake couldn't possibly let Pusha get away with this absurdity so they immediately responded with “Duppy Freestyle,” which they start by saying, “I'm in shock. The nerve, the audacity.” They sigh, quite dramatically, and gets on with it.
It appears Drake might have contributed to Kanye's upcoming album: “What do you really think of the (expletive) that's makin' your beats? / I've done things for them I thought that they never would need / Father had to stretch their hands out and get it from me/ I pop style for 30 hours, then let them repeat.” (Kanye publicly thanked Drake in 2016 for helping them out on “Father Stretch My Hands, Pt. 1″ and “30 Hours,” both from “The Life of Pablo.”)
Drake also admits that they worked on lyrics with Miller, who was “at Kroger working double time,” to help their career. (Miller clarified on Twitter that they were actually working at Publix, but the sentiment stands.) Drake name-drops Pusha's fiancee, Virginia Williams, and ends “Duppy Freestyle” by requesting money from Kanye and Pusha for the attention the dis track would bring to “Daytona.” Pusha tweeted that Drake should go ahead and send them an invoice, so, naturally, Drake did.
And that, readers, brings us to “The Story of Adidon,” which sent pop culture Twitter into even more of a frenzy Tuesday after a crazy day of “Roseanne” drama. Drake has yet to respond but, according to Fader, Pusha went on the radio program “The Breakfast Club” Wednesday morning and said that “all bets are off” because of “Duppy Freestyle” naming Williams. They dragged Drake for the secret baby allegations – “I don't even hang with my friends who have child support issues, I'm big on kids” – and expressed no regret for the vicious lyrics.
“I definitely didn't get too far with anything,” Pusha said. “I'm here for the sport of it but when it gets personal, it gets personal. I'm not censoring myself, but there's more content if it's needed later.”
Stay tuned.
Promises decision about running for Langley City mayor by early August
After serving one term as a Liberal MLA, former Langley City mayor Peter Fassbender is considering a return to municipal politics.
“I've had lots of people approach me,” Fassbender told Black Press.
“I haven't made a final decision. If I run, it will be for mayor.”
Fassbender said they would decide soon, likely by the end of this month or early next month.
“I would only do it if I believe I had something to contribute to the community (and) I would have to feel it's the best for me and my wife.”
Great Volunteer gathering at the Campaign Office!!! pic.twitter.com/5rXkuahX2J — Peter Fassbender (@Fassbender_BC) April 8, 2017
Fassbender was serving as mayor of Langley City when they were elected MLA for Surrey-Fleetwood in the 2013 provincial election.
They were appointed Minister of Education during a bitter labour dispute with the B.C. Teachers Federation that ended with a settlement after five days of round-the-clock talks.
READ MORE: Fassbender speaks to Langley about teachers' strike
They then served minister of Community, Sport and Cultural Development and minister responsible for TransLink.
Fassbender stepped down from the mayor's job after winning their MLA seat in Surrey-Fleetwood.
So far, two incumbent Langley City councillors have declared for the mayoralty.
VIDEO: Two Langley City councillors to run for mayor
Fassbender was on the Langley School Board from 1975 to 1979.
They were first elected to Langley City as a councillor in 2002, and then as mayor in the 2005, 2008 and 2011 elections.
dan.ferguson@langleytimes.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
IoT Botnet: More Targets in Okiru's Cross-hairs
February 2018 by Fortinet
Recently, security researcher @unixfreaxjp discovered a new variant of the Okiru botnet, which includes an ELF malware that targets the ARC CPU architecture. This was a significant discovery since ARC or Argonaut RISC Core processors are widely used for System on a Chip (SoC) in IoT devices, and are currently being dispatched in more than 1.5 billion products per year. Arc processors are also the second most popular CPU in the world, and have been licensed by more than 190 companies. The sheer number of potential targets makes this botnet variant more dangerous than ever, and could potentially cause the same degree of havoc as occurred with the DNS service provider Dyn.
The first Okiru sample appeared around October 2017, and FortiGuard Labs created a write-up of its development last December, which included worm capabilities and the embedding of two different exploits. As a follow up, we will now share our findings on the latest Okiru variant that targets ARC processors. Let's get right to it.
Okiru ARC ARC sample:
2356c1d64995ee825c728957f7428543101c3271ac46e78ce2c98278a4480e4d During our analysis of the Okiru sample, we found it had ELF files embedded in its code. To dump the embedded files we created an IDA python script and searched the magic string “7F 45 4C 46” (ELF). With this we were able to uncover 11 files with different architectures.
Upon analysis of the dumped file we determined that these executables function as downloaders. This means that Okiru has the capability to infect a wide range of IOT devices as long as they're supported by the architecture of its downloaders.
So are these embedded downloaders new? Well, no. To explain, let's take a look at another Okiru sample, which was seen October 31, 2017:
Intel x86 sample: e5fc493874f2a49e1a1594f3ee2254fa30e6dd69c6f24d24a08a562f03b2fd26
This sample has the same embedded ELF downloaders as the Okiru ARC. Also, the code includes a function for checking the architecture, as shown below. The most interesting elemet is the last one, where e_machine is compared to 93, which is the ARC International ARCompact processor.
Even though the ARC Okiru was only seen recently, based on the sample from last October it is clear that Okiru has been checking for ARC devices for some time. This suggests that even though it wasn't supported at that time, it was already on Okiru's cross-hairs.
Downloaders
Having dumped the 11 downloader files from Okiru, we focused our analysis on the Intel x86 sample. The pseudocode of the downloader is quite straight-forward, starting by connecting to its C&C 37.48.99.233 at port 5543. Interestingly, the port used is not a reserved port and could be beneficial for bypassing firewall rules if not properly configured.
The data being sent to its C&C is a hardcoded_value that corresponds to the device's architecture (see table 1). During our analysis, the C&C was already down and had no response. But reading the code we can see that the C&C responds with some data, which we suspect is the main payload with the correct architecture, and afterwards, this data is written locally to the device. The following are the supported architectures for the payload (as of now.)
Conclusion
By actively adding support for other architectures, Okiru has created a leverage to its other Mirai-based botnets. And with the majority of IoT devices still using default and/or predictable passwords, only time will tell on the number of botnets that Okiru will be able to control.
FortiGuard Labs will continue to monitor the latest threats and developments in IoT and share interesting findings.
We thank our teammates Jasper Manuel and Dario Durando for the additional analysis.
Wealthy music fans are nervous about the new Fyre Festival, aimed at rich millennials.
Ticket packages are up to $250,000, but sources say some are concerned that organizers, including Ja Rule and Billy McFarland, may be in over their heads.
A source says that attendees have not yet seen pictures of their “villas” on the fest's private Bahamian island. Another source said, “It feels like they have good intentions, but are out of their league … Several companies bailed on working with them because they were very disorganized. They don't return calls.”
The fest has been promoted by Bella Hadid, Hailey Baldwin and Emily Ratajkowski. But we're told social-media “influencers” who promoted the fest for a free trip “are now super pissed-off” after learning they have to pay their way to Miami to pick up a charter flight.
Reps for the April 28-30 and May 5-7 event assure us there's lodging, and say it's “going to be one of the biggest and most exclusive events of the year. The island is ready, and our partners and the performers are stoked.”
A website's been updated to indicate guests will stay in “modern, eco-friendly, geodesic domes.” The festival, featuring groups like Migos and blink-182, is catering to the jet set: One package costs $12,499 per person and offers a yacht.
The Wall Street Journal reported this month that the fest missed deadlines to pay musical acts. (We hear the bands have since been paid.) The report added folks were “nervous, as the festival's ‘concierge' team has been slow to provide them with logistical details.”
LONDON: English Premier League clubs are set to discuss whether to shut the transfer window before the start of the 2018-19 season when they meet next month, British media have reported.
Representatives from the 20 ­top-flight clubs are due to attend ­a shareholders meeting on September 7 with the majority pushing for a new, earlier, transfer deadline to be introduced.
Talks are expected to take place between all the clubs about whether to change the end of the window, which currently closes on Aug. 31 nearly three weeks after the first game.
It will be proposed that the ­transfer deadline is brought forward to the week before the start of the 2018-19 Premier League season, The Daily Telegraph reported on its website.
British media said the majority of Premier League clubs favour an earlier window closure, with the approval of at least 14 of the 20 required for a new rule to be introduced.
Clubs from other European leagues, including Spain and Italy, would be allowed to sign players from England in line with their own domestic deadlines but transfers between Premier League clubs would not be allowed once the season starts.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Swansea City manager Paul Clement, who has left Gylfi Sigurdsson out of the squad having been unsettled by repeated bids from Everton, spoke about the window after Saturday's draw at Southampton in their opening game.
"It would be a better situation if the window closed before the start of the season and then people know that they have got their group for the first game - they are available, they aren't available," Clement told a news conference.
"I know there are talks about changing that for the future and my opinion is that it should be changed. Before the first game you should know who you have got and who you haven't got.
"At our managers' meeting at the Premier League ... we spoke about it. The majority of clubs are in favour, but maybe all have to be for it to go through."
The January transfer window would be unaffected.
(Writing by Ken Ferris; editing by Greg Stutchbury)
For a week, the Ontario PC Party was looking like a dumpster fire. It started last Wednesday night with the resignation of leader Patrick Brown following sexual misconduct allegations (which they flatly deny). But now things are cooling, and there are signs that something greater might rise from the ashes.
The flames continued to flicker into the week as various party insiders coalesced into factions and began fighting among themselves. Some caucus members and strategists were adamant a leadership race be put on hold. Others shouted from the rafters that the membership lists and part finances were screwy. Meanwhile, more people in the party – most notably president Rick Dykstra, also facing troubling allegations – were shuffled out of their posts.
That week was one hell of a mess. Kathleen Wynne and their top aides must have been sitting back with their feet up, passing the popcorn. Forget the details, the main message communicated to the public was that this party was a mess.
If the Tories couldn't conduct their own affairs, how could they manage the province? That was certainly going to be a campaign talking point against them, according to Liberal sources.
But a funny little thing has happened in just the past couple of days. The narrative has shifted. The Ontario PCs are no longer backwards looking, sniping about internal dynamics and past missteps. They're now looking ahead, gearing up for the leadership race.
While there were initial concerns that the race would be canceled or unfair rules would be crafted to keep out the likes of Doug Ford, the process is now appearing quite democratic.
The more candidates, the freer the debate and the more excitement generated, the greater the chances the PCs have of re-framing the debate in their favour. They now control the narrative. From here on in until March 10, when the new leader is announced, all eyes will be on them.
They've gone from a reactive presence – grumbling about whatever Wynne says or does – to a proactive force. Momentum is now on their side. They just need to put their best foot forward.
Party members are currently waiting for two things. The first is who is actually running. The only two declared at the time of writing are Doug Ford – who is holding what they're hoping to be a massive Ford Nation rally on Saturday – and Christine Elliott. Monte McNaughton, Stella Ambler and others have chosen to sit this one out. It's expected that Caroline Mulroney will announce she's in on Monday and Rod Phillips will clarify their intentions at some point over the weekend.
The second big thing is for the candidates to tell us who they are and what they stand for. Ford has an edge on this, having recently run for mayor of Toronto and placing a respectable second. He's also got the Ford Nation brand behind him. Elliott is also well known, having served as an MPP and ran twice in the leadership before.
When it comes to Mulroney and Phillips, despite their impressive resumes (and Mulroney's family name) they'll have to work hard to humbly introduce themselves to a grassroot that knows practically nothing about them and their views.
Policy will be the curve ball in the weeks ahead. While insiders toyed with the idea of drafting the rules such that the new leader would be tied to campaigning on the platform Patrick Brown put together, there is no such explicit agreement.
Therefore anything goes. Let the policy battles begin.
But what does this mean in practice, given there's an assumption that the document will be largely adopted wholesale? Both Ford and Elliott have already voiced opposition to support for a carbon tax, one of the issues from the Brown era the grassroots most disliked. The race could wind up being a referendum on putting a price on carbon. Those candidates who support such a mechanism will do so at their peril.
A Forum Research poll taken right after Brown's resignation shows they can still very much seize the day. “The plurality (36%) say the allegations won't have any affect on their vote, but almost a quarter (22%) say it will make them more likely to vote PC.” This is a better uptick that the other parties receive: “One-sixth (15%) say they are more likely to vote Liberal, while just over 1 in 10 (12%) say they are more likely to vote NDP, while about one-sixth (14%) say they aren't sure if the allegations will have any effect.”
Make of this quick poll what you will, but it – and others out there – show the party can still very much come out a winner. Let the five week whirlwind begin.
afurey@postmedia.com
twitter.com/anthonyfurey
- Advertisement -
The Edo State Command of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA) has intercepted another shipment of dried weeds suspected to be cannabis sativa concealed in building materials.
The drug packed in 409 bags with a total weight of 7,073kg was ingeniously concealed in a consignment of building materials in a truck with Ondo Registration Number XB 625 WEN.
The driver of the truck and another accomplice, had been arrested in connection with the seized weeds valued at N70.7million.
According to the NDLEA, Edo State Commander, Mr. Wakawa Buba, investigation has shown that the truck departed Akure, Ondo State on its way to Abi in Delta State. The driver of the truck, Monday Amusoga, 39, who lives in Benin City and Omebu Kingsley, 30, based in Delta State, are currently being interrogated in line with investigative procedures. Both suspects are from Ndokwa West Local Council of Delta State.
In their confession, Amusoga said that they were paid N50, 000 to drive the truck from Ondo to Delta.
- Advertisement -
“I am a driver. I have been jobless. My friend assisted me with this deal so l could meet my family needs. I am married with five children. Unfortunately, when we got to Benin, the officers in a Hilux vehicle asked me to stop. They took me to their office in Benin where they conducted search and the cannabis was detected amidst iron rods,” they said.
The second suspect, Omebu Kingsley told officials that they were called to assist the driver in conveying the cannabis to Delta.
“I was contacted to assist the driver for N25,000. I am married with a child and as a jobless secondary school dropout, l accepted the offer, especially as Christmas is approaching”.
Edo State commander of NDLEA, Mr. Buba while confirming the arrest and seizure, described the mode of concealment as deceptively imaginative, adding that the command would do all within its capacity to counter the illicit activities of drug syndicates.
“This is yet another clever trick employed by drug traffickers. The cannabis was neatly concealed amidst building materials but we were able to detect it based on intelligence report”.
Wakawa warned drug barons that unless they quit the criminal trade, they would continue to be arrested and prosecuted while their drugs will be seized and destroyed.
The suspects would soon be charged to court.
If you want to understand why Narisawa is often considered to be among the best restaurants in the world, you might have a look at Satoyama Scenery, a kind of seven square inches of edible forest floor that is constructed from sprigs of mountain herbs, a scattering of cherry blossoms, rough cylinders of fish skin and roots transformed into what look like fallen twigs, and a powdery tumble of earth and mosses fashioned from pulverized grains, fermented soybeans and a bit of matcha tea.
The tableau is assembled on a slice of raw log, more bark than planed surface. A small bamboo jigger brims with cold, oak sap-seasoned water — what you imagine raindrops sipped from fallen leaves might taste like. On a cloudy glass plinth nearby, three delicately fried ayus, glazed with cherry-blossom essence, swim in a formation familiar from woodblock prints. And while you are near the center of Tokyo, in a modernist restaurant hidden in a rear courtyard of an office complex, your mind is, at least for the moment, in the mountainous countryside, at that nexus between civilization and nature — satoyama — that is at the center of so much Japanese literature and art.
BOSTON – The New England Holocaust Memorial in Boston has been vandalized for the second time this summer.
Police say someone smashed a glass panel on the memorial on Monday. A suspect was taken into custody.
Just watched a a man run away after smashing Boston's Holocaust Memorial with a rock. These acts of hatred are everywhere. We must resist. pic.twitter.com/nDGpnynFM5 — Natalia Pfeifer (@talipfeifer) August 14, 2017
It's the second time the memorial has been damaged in the past few months.
In June, police say James Isaac used a rock to shatter a roughly 9-foot-tall (3-meter-tall) glass panel on one of the memorial's six 54-foot-high (16-meter-high) towers. Isaac has pleaded not guilty to vandalism charges.
BREAKING: Mayor Walsh to any hate groups who plan to rally in #Boston this weekend: "We do not want you here." pic.twitter.com/0B3UjLdAqP — David Wade (@davidwade) August 14, 2017
The six glass towers are lit internally and etched with millions of numbers that represent tattoos on the arms of many Jews sent to Nazi death camps.
Let me be clear: These cowardly acts of hate aren't welcome in Boston or anywhere else in this country. https://t.co/AJTTk8N92W — Elizabeth Warren (@SenWarren) August 15, 2017
The repaired memorial was rededicated in July.
Democratic Mayor Marty Walsh says he's “saddened to see such a despicable action.”
Newsvine.com will be shutting down October 1st, 2017. Thanks for your support! Read more about it. ×
Three Alberta sisters are racing against the clock as they continue their effort to find a stem cell donor for their 25-year-old brother who remains in quarantine and, according to doctors, has only a 10 per cent chance of survival if they do not receive a transplant.
Bille Nguyen was diagnosed with a rare type of blood cancer in January after coming down with a cold and a nagging cough late last year.
“It hit us out of nowhere because they were so healthy prior to,” said Susan Nguyen, Billie's sister. “We have days where we just sit hopeless in disbelief. It feels like a nightmare.
Bille's cancer is not being controlled by chemotherapy treatment and their oncologist has recommended a stem cell transplant to replace their malfunctioning immune system.
“My body is really sore and tired all the time,” said Bille, who is currently living in quarantine with their girlfriend in the family's home in Beaumont near Edmonton. “My joints are feeling really terrible lately. However, I'm not feeling too tired. I still do have energy.”
Bille is currently in their sixth session of chemotherapy and is grateful for the support he's received from their girlfriend, sisters and parents. “They handle every facet of my life so I don't have to think about these things.”
The effort to find a suitable stem cell donor for Bille has proven difficult due to the fact that the most likely match would be of Vietnamese or Chinese descent but Asians are underrepresented in the national donor registry.
“Canada's database is comprised of about 68 per cent Caucasian and about 32 per cent from diverse ancestry,” said Sarah Jasmins, Canada Blood Services' stem cell territory manager for Western Canada. “We need a network that accurately represents Canada's growing ancestral mosaic.”
“Every community has their specific inherited genetic markers that differentiate them from other ancestral groups. It's their HLA markers (antigens on blood cells) that they inherit from their parents. Any individual can have difficulties finding a matching donor but particularly Indigenous Canadians, south Asians and African-Canadians face a much steeper hill when trying to find a matching donor.”
Jasmin adds that 25 per cent in need of a stem cell transplant will find a match within their family group but the other 75 per cent will need to find a donor in the database. Bille finds themselves amongst the majority.
The Nguyen family says they're becoming increasing desperate as Bille nears the end of their chemotherapy cycles.
“Once he's done chemotherapy, the ideal time to get a stem cell transplant is when their cancer's at its minimum and their organs are at their healthiest,” explained Susan. “If their cancer comes back, that may take us off the list for a stem cell transplant which is what they need to live.”
“His cancer's so aggressive. It was growing back between the chemotherapy so we don't know how much time we have.”
Bille's three sisters organized a swab event in Edmonton earlier this month in an effort to find a donor for their brother and to help other ethnic minorities in need of stem cell therapy.
“The Edmonton event was amazing” said Susan. “We had 600 registrants come out.”
“I wish I could have been there to shake their hand and just thank them from the bottom of my heart,” added Bille.
The family received messages of support from southern Alberta and requests to host a similar event in Calgary. On Sunday, June 3, the family will host a Match 4 Bille donor drive at the Calgary Vietnamese Canadian Association (1829 54 Street Southeast) between the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 7:00 p.m.
“We're hoping that Calgary is going to blow that away because there are so much more Asians here and we also had a lot more time to campaign,” said Susan. “We are definitely pushing for Asian background for my brother but we are welcoming any kind of ethnic minority, anyone between the ages of 17 and 35, to come out.”
“It's really simple to join the registry,” explained Jasmins. “Registrants have to be between 17 and 35, in general good health, willing to help all patients (as) they could be matched to any patient in the world and have valid provincial health care coverage.”
“Joining the registry is as simple as filling out a one page health form and completing a cheek swab.”
For additional information on this weekend's event visit Match4Bille
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Fitch:
* FITCH REVISES AZERBAIJAN‘S OUTLOOK TO STABLE; AFFIRMS AT ‘BB+'
* FITCH SAYS REVISION OF OUTLOOK ON AZERBAIJAN‘S IDRS REFLECTS ITS MEDIUM MACRO-STABILITY IMPROVING IN 2017 AFTER TWO YEARS OF TURBULENCE
* FITCH SAYS REVISION OF OUTLOOK ON AZERBAIJAN‘S IDRS ALSO REFLECTS PROGRESS IN CLEAN-UP OF ITS BANKING SECTOR
* FITCH SAYS ‍POLITICAL RISK FOR AZERBAIJAN ASSOCIATED WITH UNRESOLVED CONFLICT WITH ARMENIA OVER NAGORNO-KARABAKH REMAINS MATERIAL ​ Source text for Eikon:
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - British and EU negotiators hold their first formal Brexit talks next week since an interim deal in December unlocked discussions on their future relationship.
Here are key dates in the process to come:
Feb. 5 - EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier meets their British opposite number Brexit Secretary David Davis in London.
Feb. 6-8 - Their teams meet in Brussels for the first talks on a transition period, plus how to enforce the divorce treaty and on ensuring there is no “hard” land border with Ireland.
Feb. 9 - Barnier and Davis's deputies meet in Brussels to wrap up those talks. In the first formal discussion of future relations, the British will explain customs and security ideas.
February - Prime Minister Theresa May is expected to give details on what kind of free trade agreement Britain wants. If they take longer, the timetable could slip.
Feb. 23 - EU leaders will meet in Brussels without May for a summit on the post-Brexit EU budget and on restructuring the EU parliament after Britain has left. They may also discuss on the sidelines any indications London may give on its future hopes.
March - Once May has explained Britain's demands, the EU will prepare its detailed trade negotiating positions.
March 22-23 - By the time of this Brussels summit, both sides hope to have agreed a transition period deal that the EU leaders can endorse. The 27 leaders also hope to be able to approve a set of instructions to Barnier to secure a trade pact.
April - If the trade negotiating guidelines are ready on time, talks could start. However, a delay that means missing an endorsement at the March summit could potentially mean waiting for the next Brussels summit on June 28-29.
Oct. 18-19 - A quarterly EU summit which is Barnier's target date to agree a withdrawal treaty, tying off legal loose ends for departure, such as the rights of citizens, mutual financial commitments and how to keep the Irish border fully open. It will also contain the transition deal and be accompanied by a separate “political declaration” outlining the broad terms of a free trade accord and other relationships to follow after that.
January 2019 - EU and British parliaments must ratify the withdrawal treaty before Brexit. To avoid last-minute jitters, getting that done at least two months ahead of time would help.
March 29 - At midnight in Brussels, 2300 GMT or 11 p.m. in London, Britain's membership of the European Union will lapse, two years to the day since it formally filed notice to quit. If there is no ratified withdrawal treaty, there will be legal chaos unless all sides agree to a complex special extension.
March 30 - If current plans work, Britain will start a transition period during which it will effectively maintain all its benefits in terms of access to EU markets, and be bound by all EU rules and budgets, while losing its vote. It will be consulted on some issues and can negotiate its own trade deals.
Dec. 31, 2020 - The EU's proposed transition period ends, with Britain being free to implement its own trade deals with other countries and free of all obligations to the Union.
Jan. 1, 2021 - If all goes to plan, a new EU-UK free trade deal would take effect, along with special treaty relationships in areas such as security, defence and research.
CAPE TOWN: An unbeaten 76 from opener Dean Elgar led a South Africa fightback as they reached 147 for four at tea on the opening day of the second test against Sri Lanka at Newlands on Monday.
Captain Faf du Plessis survived a dropped catch to contribute 38 to a 76-run partnership with Elgar as South Africa lost one wicket in the second session, having been 69 for three at lunch.
Sri Lanka struggled to make further inroads with Du Plessis the only wicket to fall as they attempted an expansive drive to Rangana Herath's left-arm spin and was caught at first slip by Angelo Mathews.
Elgar and Du Plessis had both played measured innings sprinkled with a few aggressive shots to revive the hosts after early problems.
Du Plessis was dropped on 31 by Upul Tharanga off Herath but it did not prove expensive as the veteran spinner got their man soon afterwards.
Before lunch, teenage seamer Lahiru Kumara claimed two quick scalps on a bowler-friendly surface, dismissing Hashim Amla and JP Duminy in the same over.
Amla, continuing their indifferent form, was clean bowled for 29 and five balls later Duminy gloved a quick leg-side delivery to be caught after an acrobatic leap by wicketkeeper Kusal Mendis.
Sri Lanka won the toss and decided to bowl on a green strip, making an immediate breakthrough before South Africa had scored a run with the fourth ball of the match.
Stephen Cook, who scored a century and was named man of the match in the first test in Port Elizabeth, pushed at a rising delivery from Suranga Lakmal and got a faint edge to Mendis.
The 21-year-old had taken over the gloves from Dinesh Chandimal, who is playing but was feeling unwell at the start of play.
Inconsistent bowling allowed Elgar and Amla to weather the next 21 overs and establish a 66-run partnership before the 19-year-old Kumara, playing only their third test, was brought into the attack.
The teenager replaced Dushmantha Chameera in the line-up for the second test in one of two changes for Sri Lanka, who lost by 206 runs in Port Elizabeth in the first game of the three-match series.
(Reporting by Mark Gleeson; Editing by Ed Osmond)
Therefore, obtaining a mix of capital growth potential and income returns could be a shrewd move. With that in mind, this income stock could be worth buying alongside a growth company that reported positive results…
Likewise, the Brexit process and the geopolitical risk in various parts of the world could cause investor sentiment to come under pressure.
At the present time, the FTSE 100 is experiencing a period of relatively high volatility. Certainly, there are risks ahead which could derail its performance. For example, rising global inflation and interest rate expectations could lead to a slowdown in world GDP growth.
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
At the present time, the FTSE 100 is experiencing a period of relatively high volatility. Certainly, there are risks ahead which could derail its performance. For example, rising global inflation and interest rate expectations could lead to a slowdown in world GDP growth.
Likewise, the Brexit process and the geopolitical risk in various parts of the world could cause investor sentiment to come under pressure.
Therefore, obtaining a mix of capital growth potential and income returns could be a shrewd move. With that in mind, this income stock could be worth buying alongside a growth company that reported positive results on Thursday.
Strong performance
The growth company in question is cloud communications software and solutions provider IMImobile (LSE:IMO). The company's trading update for the year to 31 March showed a rise in organic revenue of 45%, which was ahead of expectations. This helped to deliver a year-on-year gross profit increase of over 17%, with net profit being in line with expectations after the anticipated investment in various growth initiatives.
The company's recent acquisitions appear to provide the potential for a move into new markets. There has also been further progress in cross-selling opportunities, while ongoing product innovation and the development of intellectual property could have a positive impact on the company's long-term outlook.
With IMImobile forecast to generate growth in earnings of 22% in the current year, it appears to have a strong outlook. Despite this, it trades on a price-to-earnings growth (PEG) ratio of 1, which suggests that it may be undervalued by the market. This could mean that there is capital growth ahead for the stock, with what appears to be a solid strategy having the potential to generate rising profitability in future years.
Improving performance
While growth stocks could hold appeal at the present time, so too do dividend stocks such as Direct Line (LSE: DLG). It has a dividend yield of over 8% at the present time, which is around three times the rate of inflation. This should ensure that it offers a relatively high total return if the FTSE 100 fails to find a clear trend in the coming months. Given the volatility of late, there is a good chance that this could be the case.
Since Direct Line is forecast to grow its bottom line by 8% this year and by a further 3% next year, it seems to be delivering on its strategy. It trades on a price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio of around 13, which suggests that it offers good value for money at the present time. And with dividends being covered 1.1 times by profit, they appear to be affordable given the company's current outlook.
Although the motor insurance industry has experienced an uncertain period due to changes in the Ogden discount rate, the prospects for growth seem to be fairly positive. As such, Direct Line now seems to offer impressive income and capital growth potential for the long term.
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson signalled on Wednesday that they would like more help from China in pressing North Korea over issues including its nuclear programme.
WASHINGTON: U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson signalled on Wednesday that they would like more help from China in pressing North Korea over issues including its nuclear programme.
"Their cooperation I would say has been notable, but it has been uneven," Tillerson told a congressional hearing. Washington is discussing North Korea with all of its allies, and it would top the agenda at high-level talks next week between U.S. and Chinese officials.
(Reporting by Patricia Zengerle)
Posted Today, 10:57 PM
Not strictly a video game, but close and they sell them at gamestop. These are normally around $80, target in store has them on sale for $50, but their website has them for $29.49 and they will price match. Also, the Grenada's are on sale for $7.49. Just picked up a set and two grenades. Good deal if you are in to laser tag, and this game also has airdrops, air strikes and directional sound as part of the augmented reality stuff on the cell phone.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
A photo caption on A3 in Saturday's edition incorrectly identified murder suspect David Nealy as their co-defendant, Roberto Battle.
The City of Vernon appears to have found a way to settle a legal dispute with a Vernon senior without going to court.
Earlier this summer, the city launched an unusual civil case claiming the man has harassed and verbally abused city staff and councillors.
However, the 74-year-old at the center of the case claims the city overreacted.
In June, the city started legal proceedings against Art Gourley, alleging they “has persistently harassed and verbally abused city staff and city councillors.”
READ MORE: City of Vernon sued in tax issue with local golf course owner
The notice of civil claim makes a series of allegations, including that Gourley was “making persistent and unreasonable demands on city staff” and “telephoning a city councillor at home to make abusive statements and approaching councillors in public and making abusive statements.”
The municipality argued that it has a responsibility as an employer “to protect staff from unreasonable harassment.”
Gourley, a regular critic of city hall, denies harassing or verbally abusing anyone.
“Can't people say what they think anymore?” Gourley said.
“I don't really know what they are talking about, making silly claims. I don't understand that,” they said. “I think they are kind of overdoing the situation here.”
In its civil claim, the city was seeking, among other things, an injunction to stop Gourley from entering city hall “without an appointment and unattended” and from communicating with city councillors and staff.
READ MORE: Petition asks Vernon City Hall to make Polson Park safe again
However, it appears the city was willing to settle the matter out of court if Gourley signed a letter.
“[I] signed my name, saying I wouldn't say anything again,” they said.
At this point the city is no longer pursuing its legal claim and Gourley is free to attend council meetings, as they did on Monday.
Gourley plans to run for mayor in the next election, and says they believe this case will give their campaign a boost.
FRANKFURT: General Motors Chief Executive Mary Barra and President Dan Ammann are at Opel's headquarters in Ruesselsheim, Germany, Opel said on Wednesday.
PSA and GM on Tuesday said they were exploring a potential deepening of strategic initiatives, including a sale of Opel to the French company.
German monthly Manager Magazin reported that Barra and Ammann were visiting Opel to brief top management there about the talks with PSA .
Manager Magazin also said Opel CEO Karl-Thomas Neumann was in parallel working on a strategy to turn Opel into a pure electric car brand by 2030.
(Reporting by Ilona Wissenbach and Edward Taylor; Editing by Maria Sheahan)
John Boyega keeps finding themselves gearing up for apocalyptic warfare.
The “Star Wars: The Force Awakens” star is at the center of the new “Pacific Rim: Uprising” trailer that Legendary Pictures released Friday, leading a new generation of heroes to take the evolved aliens of the futuristic franchise to task.
“We were born into a world at war,” Boyega's rebellious Jake Pentecost narrates in the teaser.
“Between the monsters who destroyed our cities and the monsters we created to stop them, we thought we had sacrificed enough,” they say. “But the war we thought we finished is just beginning. And the only thing standing in front of the apocalypse is us.”
“Pacific Rim Uprising” is the sequel to Guillermo del Toro's 2013 “Pacific Rim,” which, according to Legendary, was “only a prelude to the all-out assault on humanity” featured in the latest chapter.
(Del Toro's film, starring Charlie Hunnam and released by Warner Bros. before Legendary was sold to China's Wanda Group, was considered only a modest success, hauling in $411 million globally at the box office on a production budget approaching $200 million.)
Boyega's Pentecost, whose father, Stacker Pentecost (Idris Elba), gave their lives to secure humanity's victory against the monstrous Kaiju in the previous film, struggles to live up to their dad's legacy and abandons their robotic Jaeger pilot training only to get tangled up in the criminal underworld. But with a new threat that promises to end humanity looming yet again, Jake is enlisted by their estranged sister, Mako Mori (Rinko Kikuchi), to help lead the next generation of pilots, including gifted rival Lambert (Scott Eastwood) and 15-year-old Jaeger hacker Amara (Cailee Spaeny), against the formidable and cantankerous aliens featured in the trailer.
Del Toro, who penned the original script and has stayed on the project as a producer, turned over directing duties in April 2016 to “Daredevil” and “Spartacus” director Steven S. DeKnight. DeKnight was given a new script written by Jon Spaihts, but that one underwent another rewrite by Derek Connolly a short while later.
The film, which also stars Jing Tian, Burn Gorman, Adria Arjona and Charlie Day, is due in theaters March 23.
New Greenhouse For Students
I wish to acknowledge the groups and individuals in Cranbrook that were instrumental in helping us build a greenhouse at the Steeples Elementary School this spring.
By next spring the children will be able to start plants in their own classroom or in the greenhouse.
Our program goal is to help children find out where their daily food originates. Growing their own food is a great step in helping children associate their food with agriculture with hands-on activities and helping our province gain food sustainability and availability.
A special thank you to Columbia Basin Trust, RDEK Area C members, the Cranbrook Rotary Club, the East Kootenay Community Credit Union, and three special members of the Sunrise Rotary Club — Colleen Birmell, Frank Vanden Broek, and Percy Davis for their contributions to make this possible.
Also a special thank you to Steve Wilson of Wasa Building and Hardware for constructing the building on site.
This project was part of our program “Agriculture in the Classroom” sponsored by the Kootenay Livestock Association. Thanks again, Cranbrook.
Karen Barraclough for “Agriculture in the Classroom” and the Kootenay Livestock Association
Unhelpful and Inappropriate
I was offended by the misogynistic, flippant comment made by Winston Blackmore's attorney Blair Suffredine, regarding the appropriateness of their sentence for their conviction of polygamy. It reflects poorly on the expected educational and societal standards of our community, and diminishes the gravity and importance of the issues in this case.
Anton Chekhov wrote that slavery will never vanish from the Earth, it will simply change its face. Trafficking girls and young women across borders into marriages for religious purposes, raises many red flags in our society. Multiple marriages and questions around what qualifies as “consent” are at issue here. The appropriate compensation for work done by family members doing the same jobs as paid labourers in Mr. Blackmore's businesses, and the laws ensuring this happens, is an issue.
Questions arise regarding the funding of the Bountiful community and its private education system. What types of welfare, unemployment and tax dollars have been used to fund its existence and development? Have appropriate taxes been paid by Mr. Blackmore for their private businesses and community earnings? Many of these issues raise questions that have not been reported on, or answered.
I expect our justice system to thoroughly examine all of these related issues and ensure that the citizens of B.C. and Canada are protected by laws that adequately address them. Making comments that foster outdated stereotypes of social roles based on sex are, in my view, unhelpful and inappropriate.
Wendy Turner/Cranbrook
Landlocked Bolivia took its neighbor Chile to court on Monday, seeking to resolve a century-old dispute over precious access to the Pacific Ocean which has bedeviled bilateral ties. La Paz is urging Santiago to return to talks, contending it has "an obligation to negotiate with Bolivia in order to reach an agreement granting Bolivia fully sovereign access to the Pacific Ocean."
In a sign of the country's determination, Bolivian President Evo Morales is heading up the Bolivian delegation to the U.N.'s highest court, the International Court of Justice (ICJ), based in The Hague.
"We have history, justice and right on our side," Morales said in a Tweet as seven days of hearings into the case opened in The Hague.
Bolivia, South America's poorest country, became landlocked after losing a four-year war against Chile in 1883, forfeiting territory and its access to the sea. Following some 130 years of fruitless negotiations with Santiago, La Paz lodged a complaint with the ICJ in April 2013.
"We have waited a long time for this opportunity, but we are a patient and determined people," said former Bolivian president Eduardo Rodriguez Veltze, addressing the court.
Chile had made "a repeated and consistent commitment to Bolivia to end its landlocked situation," they maintained, saying the lack of sea access had had a devastating effect on the impoverished country's development.
"By fulfilling this promise to its neighbor, two countries united by culture, geography, history and fraternal spirit can heal all wounds and move forward," Veltze added. The "entire Bolivian nation" was tuning into the proceedings in The Hague via giant screens erected in their cities, they said. "We are here with one voice in pursuit of justice," they said, explaining the country once had 400 kilometers of coastline in the Atacama desert. "Today it has none," they said.
According to estimates, Bolivia's "annual GDP growth would be at least 20 percent higher" if it had not been stripped of sea access. While its transport costs are estimated to be 31 percent higher than the continental average, they said.
"More than a century has passed since the Chilean invasion of Bolivia's coast... an act of aggression that resulted in territorial dismemberment and the painful loss of sovereign access to the sea."
Allowing access "would make a small difference to Chile, but it would transform the destiny of Bolivia," Veltze said.
About two dozen Bolivian activists have also arrived in The Hague from around Europe to support La Paz. "This is an old debt that needs to be settled," Amancay Colque told AFP, as they held up a large flag outside the Peace Palace.
The loss of the Chuquicamata mine, the world's largest open-pit copper mine which is situated in the disputed area, had badly hit the country's indigenous peoples, Colque said.
"This is about justice, we want this to be addressed. We want Chile to fulfill its promises, and we want it done in a peaceful way," they added.
As the Alberta Golden Bears and Saskatchewan Huskies were getting ready to do battle on the ice for the 500th time, Kevin Karius spoke to former Bears coach Bill Moores about the teams' rivalry.
LONDON: Britain has contacted the president of General Motors to express concerns after the American firm opened talks to sell its European operations, including the Vauxhall plants in England, to France's PSA Group .
Britain's Department for Business said the government remained in close contact with GM and was monitoring the situation after the two companies said on Tuesday that they were in talks over a possible deal.
The talks have raised fears from unions in Britain and Europe that a deal could lead to job cuts or plant closures within GM's loss-making European business.
Britain's largely foreign-owned car industry has thrived in recent years, shipping more than half of its exports to the other 27 countries of the EU, but Britain's vote to leave the European Union has put the industry in jeopardy.
Prime Minister Theresa May's government struck a deal last year to keep Nissan investing in Britain after it promised to provide extra support to counter any loss of competitiveness caused by the Brexit vote.
If the GM-PSA deal is successful, PSA, owner of the Peugeot, Citroen and DS brands, would acquire GM's Opel and Vauxhall brands to give it a 16.3 percent share of the European passenger car market.
The Unite workers' union said the president of GM had given a private assurance last year that there would be no surprises in terms of its plants in Britain, and that these commitments had not been upheld.
"To Peugeot I say, talk to us," Unite General Secretary Len McCluskey said in a statement. "Our members have helped to make the UK auto industry the most competitive and productive in Europe and will do so again with the right backing."
McCluskey was due to meet Britain's business minister Greg Clark on Wednesday morning to discuss the potential impact on the Vauxhall plants, which employ 4,500 staff near Liverpool and Luton, north of London.
(Reporting by Kate Holton, editing by Estelle Shirbon)
Mon, Dec 11: As Catherine McDonald reports, the fatality in Toronto happened on the same day as the OPP launched a crackdown on unsafe commercial truck drivers.
A local municipality is warning pet owners about a recent rash of dog thefts.
Emerson-Franklin CAO Tracy French says they've received several calls from local residents since November 15 who say their dogs have been stolen, sometimes right out of their kennels in broad daylight.
"We haven't talked to all of those residents, but the reports we have are from across the region like Stuartburn, Vassar, Roseau River and Emerson area."
They say it appears the larger breeds have been targeted, such as Mastiffs, St. Bernards, and Labs based on the reports coming in.
The municipality has put out a public notice about the missing dogs to make local ratepayers aware of what's happening.
"The notice is all about security and public awareness for residents to keep their eyes and ears open for it."
Anyone with information on these missing dogs is asked to call RCMP.
SAN FRANCISCO: The U.S. Justice Department in San Francisco has instituted new oversight for complex cases, a federal prosecutor said, following a failed drug conspiracy prosecution against delivery service FedEx Corp .
U.S. Attorney Brian Stretch, in an interview with Reuters last week, said their staff has identified about 20 of the office's most complex cases to undergo "investigative progress reviews." They declined to identify any specific matters but said such cases would likely include corporate fraud and complicated drug investigations.
Every two months, the lead prosecutor assigned to such a case will meet with supervisors in the office, including the U.S. attorney, Stretch said. Management will receive regular updates on the investigation, help decide novel legal issues, and ensure the case receives proper resources.
"This allows everybody in chain to be sharing in real time a lot of the decisions on these larger investigations," Stretch said.
The new protocols were put in place after Stretch ordered a review of the FedEx case to improve future prosecutions. In that case, prosecutors obtained a grand jury indictment in 2014 against the courier service alleging it had knowingly helped internet pharmacies ship illegal pills. The Justice Department abruptly dropped all charges four days into trial last year amid evidence the company had actually tried to cooperate with the government on combating such pharmacies.
The judge commended the decision, saying it was clear FedEx was "factually innocent." An attorney for FedEx called the prosecution "an epic institutional failure."
Stretch's office is currently investigating a phony accounts scandal at Wells Fargo & Co.
John Zach, a former federal prosecutor in Manhattan who investigated SAC Capital, said unit chiefs in that U.S. attorneys office closely monitored cases but line prosecutors did not usually meet with top officials until it was time to decide if someone would face charges.
The problem in the FedEx case was that prosecutors, including supervisors, did not recognize the significance of cooperation evidence that FedEx had highlighted before the company was charged, FedEx attorney Cristina Arguedas said.
The new oversight system "is certainly a good idea," Arguedas said, although its success will depend on whether supervisors look at the actual evidence or rely on a single prosecutor's interpretation.
Stretch declined to comment on FedEx case details, but said no one wants to have to dismiss a case during trial.
"It is my expectation that this new review process can only aid with such situations," they said.
(Reporting by Dan Levine; Editing by Bill Trott)
1/9 Prime Minister Narendra Modi along with Assam chief minister Sarbananda Sonowal on Saturday inaugurated the two-day Global Investors' Summit in Guwahati , a first of its kind initiative in the North East. PTI Prime Minister Narendra Modi along with Assam chief minister Sarbananda Sonowal on Saturday...
2/9 Bhutanese prime minister Tshering Tobgay, several Union ministers, chief ministers of Arunachal Pradesh and Manipur, ambassadors and high commissioners of 16 countries are attending the Summit. PTI Bhutanese prime minister Tshering Tobgay, several Union ministers, chief ministers of Arunachal...
3/9 Addressing the event held at the Sarusojai Stadium, the prime minister expressed their happiness that Bangladesh and Bhutan have opened their consulate offices in Guwahati and said the North East is at the heart of India's 'Act East policy'. PTI Addressing the event held at the Sarusojai Stadium, the prime minister expressed theirs happiness...
4/9 "Tagline of the meet 'Advantage Assam: India's expressway to ASEAN' is very appropriate and it is not just a statement but a 'comprehensive vision," said the prime minister. PTI "Tagline of the meet 'Advantage Assam: India's expressway to ASEAN' is very appropriate and it is...
5/9 Modi said that roads and railways are being constructed at a faster pace in the North East and electricity is being generated at a similar pace. Image courtesy: Twitter/narendramodi Modi said that roads and railways are being constructed at a faster pace in the North East and...
6/9 The prime minister 'Act East' policy requires increased people to people contact, trade ties and other relations with countries on India's east, particularly ASEAN countries. Image courtesy: Twitter/narendramodi The prime minister 'Act East' policy requires increased people to people contact, trade ties and...
7/9 The summit, a first of its kind two-day initiative, is expected to see participation of top industrialists of the country including Ratan Tata and Mukesh Ambani. Image courtesy: Twitter/narendramodi The summit, a first of its kind two-day initiative, is expected to see participation of top...
8/9 The summit is likely to see the participation of over 5,000 delegates from across the world, including ASEAN countries. Image courtesy: Twitter/narendramodi The summit is likely to see the participation of over 5,000 delegates from across the world,...
QUETTA, Aug 14 (APP): The 70th Independence Day of Islamic Republic
of Pakistan was observed on Monday in parts of Balochistan with national fervour and
solemnity.
The day began with special prayers in the mosques for unity, solidarity
and prosperity of the country.
21-gun salute was presented after the Fajar prayer to mark the day in
the provincial capital.
The principal ceremony was held at the “Sabzazar” of the Balochistan
Assembly which was attended by Chief Minister (CM) Balochistan Nawab Sana Ullah Khan
Zehri and Speaker Balochistan Assembly Raheela Hameed Khan Durrani.
The CM along with Speaker Balochistan Assembly hoisted national flag in
the premises of Balochistan Assembly.
Lieutenant General Aamir Raiz, Commander Southern Command and other
security forces officials attended the national flag hoisting ceremony.
Provincial ministers including former CM Balochistan, Dr Abdul Malik, Nawab
Muhammad Khan Shahwani, Mir Asim Kurd Gailu, Mujeebur Rehman Muhammad Hassani,
Abdul Reheem Ziaratwal, Dr Hamid Khan Achakzai and senior civil officials were also
present on the occasion.
Addressing at a ceremony, the CM said that once again terrorist attacked
on security forces and citizens in Quetta for disrupting the celebrations of 70th
Independence Day of Pakistan.
They presented their salutation to the cops of security forces and
citizens who had been martyred two days back in a suicide terror attack.
They appreciated the security forces' role who were playing important
role across the province in order to maintain peace.
They said that cowardly attack did not weak our commitments but these kind
of activities more strengthen the unity of a nation.
“China-Pak Economic Corridor (CPEC) and other ongoing projects will remove prolong
deprivation of the province and will bring prosperity in the region”, they added.
They said that provincial government were taking solid measures to protect life of citizens
and property in the province.
They said “we have political disagreement but we all celebrated 70th Independence Day of
Pakistan as one platform with zeal and enthusiasm.
They reiterated “we put Balochistan on the way of development within
limited resources and short time”.
They also thanked former Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif who had
taken practical measures for progress of the province.
On the occasion, they announced Rs 5 lakh for the students of various schools who
presented national songs and plays in connection with the Independence Day, despite Rs
5 lakh was announced for Service and General Administration (S&GAD) of government
departments including Police, FC, Education, Sports and various public and private
organisations, schools that had also arranged seminars, conferences, exhibitions and
tableaus to celebrate the day with national spirit.
Different ceremonies were also held in connection with the Independence
Day in respective parts of the province including Quetta, Pishin, Mastung, Khuzdar, Kalat,
Nushki, Kharan, Chaghi, Turbat, Panjgur, Jaffarabad, Nasriabad, Sibi and other areas.
Governor Aminu Waziri Tambuwal of Sokoto State has described their Rivers State counterpart, Nyesom Wike, as ‘Ekwueme of Rivers State and a promise-keeper, who is committed to the development of the state'.
Governor Tambuwal also commissioned the College of Medical Sciences building at the Rivers State University, Nkpolu, Port Harcourt.
This was as Governor Wike berated the Minister of Transportation and a former governor of the state, Chibuike Amaechi, for failing to attract a project to the state and resorting to falsehood on the execution of projects.
Governors Tambuwal and Wike spoke, on Tuesday, when the former invited by Rivers State to commission the College of Medical Sciences building, initiated and constructed by the Wike-led administration.
According to Tambuwal, “I am tempted to recommend Governor Wike so highly.
“He is the ‘Ekwueme of Rivers State'. It only takes a leader with a vision, passion and commitment to come up with this idea and implement it”.
The Sokoto State governor said that no investment was greater than investment in the area of education, pointing out that Governor Wike deserves praises.
They lauded the Rivers State governor for projects that were tailored to the needs of Rivers people, saying that such projects would enhance the development of the state.
Tambuwal continued, “The projects are tailored along the needs of the people of Rivers State. This is a trend in governance to deliver projects based on the need of the people”.
They stated that posterity would vindicate Governor Wike, while urging other leaders to focus on development and de-emphasise issues that generate disunity.
In their address, Governor Wike said that it was unfortunate that former Governor Amaechi would tell lies about projects delivered by the present administration to improve the living condition of the people.
“There are several projects which were initiated, constructed and commissioned by my administration. Amaechi didn't have meaningful projects, that is why they had no projects to commission. We have meaningful projects and we will continue to commission them.
“Projects like Sakpenwa-Bori Road, National Industrial Court, Port Harcourt Pleasure Park, Rivers State Ecumenical Centre, Federal High Court Complex, Court of Appeal, Igwuruta-Chokocho, College of Medical Sciences building, Elelenwo-Akpajo, Traditional Rulers Secretariat, Rumuokoro Market and Park, Bonny-Bille-Nembe Jetty, Government Secondary School, Onne, Government Girls Secondary School, Rumuokwuta and several others were the brainchild of this administration.
“Our projects have overwhelmed them, everyday they are worried. We are here to contribute our efforts to the development of Rivers State”, Governor Wike said.
They said instead of complaining about the high level performance of the present administration, Amaechi should focus their energy on the completion of the Port Harcourt International Airport, revival of the seaports and the completion of the East-West Road.
“Look at the dilapidated nature of the Port Harcourt International Airport, the abandoned seaports and the neglected East-West road. Amaechi has not attracted a single project to Rivers State.
“As a Minister of State for Education, I brought the Faculty of Law at the University of Port Harcourt. I also attracted the Claude Ake Faculty of Social Sciences Building.
“I attracted major grants of N500million each to Ken Saro-Wiwa Polytechnic Bori, Ignatius Ajuru University and ensured the major rehabilitation of over 22 Primary and Secondary Schools in the state.
“As Minister of Transportation, what have you done, what have you brought to your people? I challenge them to tell us just one project they attracted to Rivers State “, Wike said.
On Rivers State University, Governor Wike noted that they would ensure that the institution becomes the best, assuring that the School of Nursing would be reconstructed to ensure that it becomes part of the College of Medical Sciences.
They added that the state government would build a proper hostel to replace the prefabricated hostel in the institution.
The governor noted that their administration would train medical professionals for the development of the health sector.
They also noted that Amaechi attempted to move Rivers State University to another location, but upon assumption of duty, they stoped the movement and focused on the development of the Rivers State University.
Also speaking, Commissioner for Health in the state, Prof. Princewill Chike, said that the medical world was excited on what governor had done in the health sector.
Vice Chancellor of the Rivers State University, Prof. Blessing Didia, said for over four decades, successive governments in Rivers State struggled to establish a medical school without success. They said that God empowered Governor Wike to succeed where their predecessors failed.
Similarly, Pro-Chancellor of the University, Justice Iche Ndu (rtd), commended Governor Wike for their commitment to deliver key projects in the institution.
Chairman of Rivers State Chapter of the Nigerian Medical Association (NMA), Dr. Datonye Alasia, said that the Governor Nyesom Wike administration had propelled the state into the golden era of medical practice.
Toronto's young, inexperienced and injury-plagued blue line must find a way to resist the Capitals' lethal offensive attack. (Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports)
When the Toronto Maple Leafs dropped their final regular season game of the 2016-17 campaign against the Columbus Blue Jackets, it slotted the young team into a matchup with the Presidents' Trophy-winning Washington Capitals. As the NHL's top team for two consecutive years, few expected that the Leafs would legitimately compete with Capitals, let alone have a shot to defeat them in the opening round.
However, if the first two games of the series provided any insight, it was that the Leafs are not only more capable in the playoffs than previously thought but, also, that Washington remains a fragile postseason competitor. In fact, with the Capitals having failed to ascend past the second round in their last 11 attempts, in addition to Toronto's early success, the Leafs defeating Washington has become a more realistic possibility than previously thought possible.
Yet, despite their remarkable success at the Verizon Center to open the series, Toronto remains locked in the midst of a highly competitive contest. While the Capitals may have stumbled out of the gate, part of which due to the stellar and determined play of the Leafs, they remain a very dangerous and capable opponent who could easily dismantle Toronto moving forward.
As such, given the state of the matchup and how closely each of the first two games was played, the outcome of the series could boil down to one specific aspect of the game. Unfortunately, for the Leafs and their fans, this crucial element, or lack thereof, will be especially difficult for the team to overcome.
Drained Defense
Prior to the beginning of this series, the Capitals appeared to hold the advantage over the Leafs at every position on the ice.
Offensively, Washington possessed a much deeper and potent attack, with virtually four lines capable of scoring on a consistent basis. On defense, the ‘Caps' strong, deep and experienced blue of varying size, skill, and temperament presented a seemingly unsurpassable wall for Toronto to penetrate. Further, in goal, Washington iced the reigning Vezina Trophy winner in Braden Holtby, whose winning pedigree has long spoken for itself.
So, when the Leafs began their playoff run without the services of Nikita Zaitsev and then, of course, lost Roman Polak to a season-ending knee injury in Game 2, it only furthered Toronto's deficiency defensively. Then, add in the over 40 minutes of ice time played by both Morgan Rielly and Jake Gardiner in the team's double-overtime win and the Leafs' blue line quickly became drained and depleted like never before.
Further accentuating this issue is a lack of organizational depth on the blue line. Before losing both Zaitsev and Polak to injury, the Leafs' defense was thin at best, with a lack of experience and ability present throughout the lineup. So, when those previously mentioned defenders succumbed to injuries, it forced specific, untested players into logging significant minutes on Toronto's playoff blue line.
One of these players was none other than Martin Marincin. Despite being a healthy scratch in 30 of the Leafs' final 32 regular season games, Marincin jumped into the lineup to begin the series and enjoyed over 30:00 minutes of ice time in Toronto's Game 2 victory. Although they have played a sound game on short notice, Marincin's key giveaway in Game 1 and general presence in the Leafs' postseason lineup is yet another indication of the team's lack of depth defensively.
In the midst of a playoff run, it is ideal to have a veteran defender of notable experience on hand to insert into the lineup in the case of an injury, rather than an unproven and largely inexperienced blueliner. While Marincin's surprising playoff debut has been successful thus far, playing out of their element and in important situations for Toronto could prove costly in the near future as the first round matchup progresses.
Fortunately for the Leafs, Zaitsev was cleared to play on Apr. 17 and scheduled to suit up for Game 3, meaning Alexey Marchenko will remain a healthy scratch – for the time being. As yet another young and largely inexperienced defender, inserting Marchenko into Toronto's lineup likely would have cemented a series victory for the Capitals, as the Leafs' make-shift defense would be simply no match for Washington.
Defense Critical to Series Victory
Given the dire state of Toronto's blue line, it goes without saying that defense will be more crucial than ever to the outcome of this series.
Although it was quite clear that the Capitals held an advantage over the Leafs defensively prior to the beginning of the matchup, injuries have made matters considerably worse for the latter. With a significant injury to one of the team's most experienced postseason competitors and a handful of untested defenders ready to step in if necessary, Toronto's blue line is as thin and inexperienced as ever.
Further, given these injuries and the unseasoned nature of the team's depth defenders, blueliners such as Rielly and Gardiner are being faced with monumental if not overwhelming ice time and responsibilities. Of course, it goes without saying that they will be more than ready to take on this test, but over the course of a potential seven-game series, will their high-level of play be sustainable?
These questions and others like them are those unanswered by legitimate contenders, as they possess the depth necessary to replace injured players as they occur without hesitation. While the Leafs are, quite obviously, a growing young team, defensive depth must be a specific area of focus as the organization continues to develop into a bonafide postseason challenger.
Leafs D at morning skate Gardiner-Zaitsev*
Hunwick-Rielly
Marincin-Carrick
Smith-Marchenko * Out since April 9 — Mark Masters (@markhmasters) April 17, 2017
In the meantime, defense will remain crucial to the Leafs' success, or lack thereof, against the Capitals. If Toronto wishes to pull off the incredible upset, the team will need massive contributions from their depth defensemen, if not a level of play which they have yet to display at the NHL level. In possession of one of, if not the most lethal offensive in the league, the Capitals will test the Leafs' blue line regularly and with dangerous potency.
While injuries and inexperience have and will continue to inhibit Toronto's play defensively, these factors are not insurmountable. If Toronto's regular season proved anything, it was to never count out the Leafs despite their youth, unpredictability and raw skill.
SINGAPORE: While most people agree that every individual has a role to play in cybersecurity, not all of them adopt protective measures, according to an online survey by the Cybersecurity Agency of Singapore (CSA).
Seven out of 10 people said that everyone should play a role in cybersecurity, with close to three in five “extremely concerned” about the security of their financial and personal information, the survey found. However, the findings revealed that there is room for improvement when it comes to cyber hygiene awareness and practices.
The survey, released on Wednesday (Feb 15), aimed to gather insights into the public's levels of cybersecurity awareness and cyber hygiene, said CSA.
While 86 per cent of the respondents use a combination of letters, numbers and symbols in their passwords, one in three does not manage their passwords securely, it said. These include storing their passwords on their computer or writing them down, or using the same passwords for work and personal accounts.
In addition, one in three either did not enable two-factor authentication (2FA) when the option was available, or was unsure about it.
The survey also found that many may not realise that connecting to open, non-password protected Wi-Fi networks in public places may pose substantial risks to the security of their personal information. About six in 10 respondents indicated that would do that, whether or not they were familiar with the networks.
“We will continue to explore ways to reach out to people with the necessary cybersecurity resources and information, so that they can take ownership of their cyber hygiene and support Singapore's journey to become a smart nation,” said Mr David Koh, chief executive of CSA.
“I am encouraged that a majority of the respondents recognise that everyone has a role to play in cybersecurity and many expressed an interest to learn more about it,” they added.
A total of 2,000 respondents aged 15 years and above were surveyed between July and August last year. The sample is representative of the Singapore population by gender and ethnicity and is distributed across age and housing type, CSA said.
ISLAMABAD: Two people were killed in the northwestern Pakistani city of Peshawar on Wednesday (Feb 15) when a bomb exploded near a hospital, local media reported, the latest attack in a new surge in militant violence.
Local Geo and Express TV channels cited police sources saying the bomb went off near the Hayatabad Medical Complex in a wealthy neighbourhood of Peshawar.
Pakistan's main opposition leader Imran Khan was due to visit the hospital, but they were unharmed in the explosion, the two TV channels reported.
(Reporting by Mehreen Zahra-Malik)
The police in Ogun state is currently on the trail of a yet to be identified woman who moved into an apartment at Mowe in Ofada-Mokolokin Local Council Development Area of the state and after four days of staying in the said apartment, absconded with three of their neighbors children namely John Segun, 5, Darasimi Ilesanmi, and Fikayomi Bankole 3. They were Kidnapped last week Sunday.
The lady had moved into the apartment without giving the landlord adequate information about herself. On the day they disappeared with the children, they told their parents that they were going to buy them biscuits down the road.
Mr Ebenezer Ilesanmi whose two months old baby they went away with, said
"My wife was with my son in the compound, washing clothes when our new neighbour approached them The woman told my wife to bring our baby, to assist them to hold, so that they could concentrate on the washing. They took the baby and promised to return soon.
After washing the clothes, my wife became worried because the woman was not yet back. Moreover, it was time for the baby to breastfeed. My wife later went to check the two other kids' mothers, to know if their own children had returned.
Unfortunately, it was the same thing. It was at that point that my wife called to tell me what was going on. Immediately, I left what I was doing and rushed home. I saw a crowd in front of our compound; everyone was searching for the children. Since then, we have not seen them. Since then, my wife has been weeping, asking for the whereabouts of their son.
I'm appealing to the police to rescue the kids. My son is just an infant. I don't know how they will breastfeed him.  They are our first child. I don't know where or whom to run to. When we broke into the suspect's apartment in the presence of the police officers, there was only curtain at the door and window."
Another father, Idowu Bankole whose 3-year-old child is among those that are missing, said:
"When I was returning from church that fateful day, I saw the woman with my son. I never suspected them My wife left the church before me, with our two children. I couldn't go with them; I'm one of the elders in the church and we had a meeting. When I returned, I met my first child with their mother sleeping.
My wife's mother told me that our new neighbor took Fikayo out to buy a biscuit for them and other children. When they told me our neighbor took my son and two other children out, I relaxed. I went to the third street to fix a water tap. I returned about 4 p.m. and my wife told me that the woman was yet to return with the children.
I encouraged my wife to exercise patience. After waiting for about two hours, another victim's grandmother came out and started searching for their grandchild. We rushed to Mowe Police Station and reported the incident. Our landlord and their son who let out the house to the woman were arrested but were released three days later.
We're appealing to the Ogun State Commissioner of Police and Governor Ibikunle Amosun, to rescue our children; we have not been able to sleep since the incident.”
Landlord of the apartment, Tajudeen Leshi, said they never collected any money from the woman and that it was their son who let out the apartment to the alleged abductor.
“I was not around when the woman and their husband came to inspect the apartment; after they agreed to move in, they gave my son N30,000, instead of N50,000 for a year. Initially, I refused to collect the money, but my son persuaded me on the phone to collect it from them.
They promised to balance me N20,000. When I returned, I told my son to call the woman to get their details. When they approached me, they said they were from Calabar. I spoke the language to her, but they didn't understand it. They claimed that they were born in Lagos State and didn't understand their language. The only mistake I made was that, because they were rushing to move in, I didn't get their details.
It was when they abducted the kids it occurred to me that I had made a grave mistake. I also blamed the kids' parents; how can they hand their children to someone they had just known for only four days?
The Divisional Police Officer at the Mowe Police Station where the case was reported to, said that efforts are being made to track down the lady.
New Telegraph
"Bachelor in Paradise" cast member DeMario Jackson says he's falsely and maliciously accused since news went public that production on the show had been suspending pending results of an internal investigation.
"It's unfortunate that my character and family name has been assassinated this past week with false claims and malicious allegations," Jackson said Wednesday in a statement released by their publicist, Eve Sarkisyan-Nunn.
"I will be taking swift and appropriate legal action until my name is cleared and, per the advice of legal counsel, will be seeking all available remedies entitled to me under the laws."
Jackson and fellow "Paradise" cast member Corinne Olympios were involved in a June 4 incident at the Playa Escondida resort in Mexico that prompted a third-party complaint of misconduct — though who was accused of misconduct was not made public. While Warner Bros. has released no details about what happened beyond acknowledging production had been stopped and an investigation was underway, sources have come forward to various outlets to describe a drunken incident involving sexual behavior in the resort pool.
Olympios, who also has retained a publicist and legal counsel, came out with their own statement Wednesday, labeling themselves "a victim" and saying they didn't remember much of what happened June 4 at the Playa Escondida resort in Mexico.
"Although I have little memory of that night," they said, "something bad obviously took place, which I understand is why production on the show has now been suspended and a producer on the show has filed a complaint against the production."
Jackson had been silent regarding the situation except for telling TMZ on Tuesday that they were "all good."
Warner Bros. and ABC have not commented officially on the fate of "Bachelor in Paradise" season 4, which had an Aug. 8 premiere date, or about the show's future in general.
They were right. The explosion was the fourth in a series of attacks this month that authorities believe are connected — and have many in the Texas capital feeling terrorized. But the latest blast came with two twists that have increased anxiety here, and forced authorities to reconsider some of their hunches in the investigation.
A pub customer angrily punched another man in the face, fracturing their cheekbone, after they "snapped in a fit of pique".
They "dragged them unceremoniously outside and dumped them on the car park floor".
The victim had "unwisely" flirted with a barmaid who was the other man's girlfriend, a court heard.
Ethan Howe, 25, of Chapel Street, Crowle, admitted inflicting grievous bodily harm on February 25.
Jeremy Evans, prosecuting, told Grimsby Crown Court that the attack happened at the Red Lion pub, in Crowle, in the early hours.
A couple of weeks earlier, there was an incident at the premises in which the 24-year-old victim "unwisely" flirted with a barmaid who was Howe's girlfriend.
There was a disagreement and Howe took exception to that but they parted on good terms at the time, with Howe "offering the hand of friendship" and drinks being exchanged.
It was not disputed that the man later made "ill-advised comments" to others "off the cuff" in the pub and these were "provocative in nature".
There were "raised voices" and the landlord had to tell them to stop. They may have been "winding each other up", said Mr Evans.
The man bought Howe a drink but later, after 1.30am, Howe "snapped in a fit of pique".
They punched them in the face full-on and "dragged them unceremoniously outside and dumped them on the car park floor".
The victim suffered a fractured cheekbone and was taken to hospital but did not need surgery.
They suffered two black eyes and a cut under an eye.
"In drunkenness and in a fit of pique, they have gone way, way over the top," said Mr Evans.
"It may be that a little bit of needle was going on and there may have been banter."
The incident had left the victim nervous and shocked.
Howe had a conviction in 2010 for possessing cannabis and a reprimand in 2009 for drugs matters.
Chris Dickins, mitigating, said Howe used excessive force and over-reacted but acted out of character.
"His actions were well over the top," said Mr Dickins.
"There is clearly a background.  They are genuinely remorseful."
Howe worked with a straw merchant.
Judge Mark Bury told Howe: "I accept that they were winding you up. You lost your temper with them and you punched them hard once to the face, causing facial fractures. It was a nasty fracture."
Howe was given an eight-month suspended prison sentence, a two-year restraining order and must pay £500 compensation.
PARIS (Reuters) - France and Germany will send two men, including an Iranian diplomat, to Belgium to face accusations they were involved in a plot to bomb an Iranian opposition rally on the outskirts of Paris, judicial sources said on Wednesday.
Belgium is already investigating two Belgians of Iranian origin arrested on Saturday, the day of the National Council of Resistance of Iran (NCRI) meeting. Five hundred grams of the homemade explosive TATP and a detonation device were found in their car.
Iran has said it had nothing to do with the plot, which it called a "false flag" operation staged by figures within the opposition group itself.
The exiled Iranian opposition group's meeting was attended by Donald Trump's lawyer Rudy Giuliani, who gave a speech calling for the removal of Iran's rulers.
In addition to the two people arrested in Belgium, an Austria-based Iranian diplomat was held in Germany, and a man of Iranian origin was held in France. Judicial authorities in France and Germany told Reuters Belgium had requested they be extradited.
"It's extremely sensitive and the Belgians are taking the lead," said one European intelligence source.
During a visit by Iranian President Hassan Rouhani to Vienna on Wednesday, Austrian Chancellor Sebastian Kurz said in a statement to reporters that Rouhani had assured them that they would work to clarify the case.
French officials have declined to comment on the matter saying the nature of the incident is unclear.
Highlighting the political sensitivities, Iran summoned France's ambassador to protest against the staging of the opposition meeting. Tehran "strongly protested against the French support of activities of the terrorist organisation," referring to an exiled opposition group.
France's foreign ministry did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Since the United States withdrew in May from a deal to lift sanctions on Iran in return for curbs to Tehran's nuclear programme, the deal's European signatories Britain, France and Germany have said they want to save the accord. Iran has called on the European countries to offer economic benefits to make up for the damage caused by new U.S. sanctions.
Any suggestion that Iranian authorities were behind the plot in France could make it politically difficult for leaders, especially French President Emmanuel Macron, to continue to back the nuclear deal.
The Austrian Foreign Ministry said on Tuesday it was stripping the diplomatic status of the diplomat arrested in Germany. Iran's foreign ministry has rejected as baseless the allegations against the diplomat.
(Reporting by Emmanuel Jarry and John Irish In Paris, Jospeh Nasr in Berlin, Francois Murphy in Vienna and Bozorgmehr Sharafedin in London; Editing by Ingrid Melander and Peter Graff)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
Published:
Candidate of the Progressives Congress (APC) in the upcoming Ekiti Governorship election, Kayode Fayemi, has resigned as Minister. Fayemi was the Minister of Solid Minerals and Steel Development.
They made the announcement on Wednesday at a valedictory briefing in Abuja, the Federal Capital Territory in order to pursue their governorship ambition in Ekiti State.
The former minister emerged as the Progressives Congress (APC) governorship candidate for Ekiti State in the party's rescheduled primary election which held on May 12.
Share This
John Abraham refutes rumours of a fight with Akshay Kumar: 'Sorry to disappoint but no truth to this'
Actor-producer John Abraham is currently basking in the success of their latest film Parmanu: The Story of Pokhran, released on 25 May. The film finally hit the theatres after several changes in the date of release and a long dispute with once-producers KriArj Entertainment.
While this dispute between John Abraham and Prernaa Arora of KriArj made it to the headlines, there were also speculations of a cold war stemming between John and Akshay Kumar. Before social media could flame it up, John extinguished the conjecture by posting a clarification notice on Twitter.
Heard that my brother @akshaykumar and I are fighting..he would beat me up Sorry to disappoint but NO truth to this. The only explosions happening currently are on screen in Parmanu — John Abraham (@TheJohnAbraham) May 30, 2018
Their Desi Boyz's co-star Akshay also replied to John's post and wished them good luck on Parmanu's success at the box office. They tweeted:
Absolutely 🙌🏻 So proud of you brother @TheJohnAbraham, heard you've done a swell job in Parmanu...gonna catch it real soon. Hugs https://t.co/iunrJ3TYdl — Akshay Kumar (@akshaykumar) May 30, 2018
Both Akshay and John have collaborated in a number of comedy films in the past including 2005's Garam Masala, 2011's Desi Boyz and 2012's Housefull 2.
On the work front both the actors — usually seen in patriotic dramas these days — have an interesting line up of films in the coming years. While John will be seen in Satyameva Jayate, RAW, Batla House and then later in their action-franchise Attack, Akshay will be seen in Gold, 2.0, Kesari, Mogul and then later Housefull 4.
Updated Date: May 31, 2018 12:45 PM
South Africa's new Global T20 league will go ahead, Cricket South Africa (CSA) pledged on Friday, but it is expected to lose money for the first two seasons.
No broadcast deal has yet been signed but CSA vice-president and acting chief executive Thabang Moroe said negotiations were well-advanced. “It is just a matter of agreeing the finer details,” they said.
Moroe said a deal in the region of $70-80 million was being sought, but admitted that CSA was expecting a net loss of about $25m, while franchise owners would lose about $1.5m in the first season.
Moroe and CSA President Chris Nenzani briefed reporters for the first time since last week's announcement of the departure of chief executive Haroon Lorgat, which media speculation linked to unhappiness over Lorgat's negotiations for the league.
Nenzani said: "We are working very hard to ensure the Global T20 league launches on November 3. The key issue is to get a broadcast deal on the table." The league is planned as South Africa's equivalent of the Indian Premier League and Australia's Big Bash League.
Seven of the eight teams are foreign-owned and several leading international players as well as all South Africa's top players are committed to playing.
Moroe said owners had been consulted. "They are all committed to staying in the league and the owners are happy to accept there will be losses for the first two years." Moroe said negotiations for a title sponsor were taking place but admitted: "Everything hangs on a broadcast deal."
Just how much fun can I have at my work Christmas party? I know some senior people are going but does that really mean I have to have a boring night?
Is ‘fun' a code word for how much can I drink? If so, then how much ‘fun' you can have depended a lot on the type of work Christmas party that you are attending.
If it is the glitzy all-firm...
A New Stealth Attack in EU's “War on Cash” from Wolf Street
And the definition of “cash” widens.
By Don Quijones, Spain, UK, & Mexico, editor at WOLF STREET .
The EU's Orwellian-dubbed Civil Liberties and Economic Affairs committee has approved tough new rules on cash that travelers might bring into or take out of the bloc. It's also broadened the definition of cash to include precious stones and metals and prepaid credit cards.
For the moment the new definition does not include Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, for one simple reason: “customs authorities lack the resources to monitor them.”
Most importantly, the draft law will enable authorities to impound “cash” below the traditional €10,000 threshold, if criminal activity is suspected. The new rules would repeal the First Cash Control Regulation (CCR) from 2005, which requires individuals to declare sums over €10,000 when leaving or entering the EU.
The draft law still needs to be approved by the European Parliament. Then the legislation needs to be negotiated with EU governments. If the law is passed, anyone acting suspiciously carrying any amount of cash, whether in notes, precious stones, precious metals or prepaid credit cards, could face having their “money” impounded.
“Large sums of cash, be it banknotes or gold bullion, are often used for criminal activities such as money laundering or terrorist financing,” said Mady Delvaux, the Committee's co-rapporteur. “With this legislation, we give our authorities the tools they need to improve their fight against those crimes.”
It could be argued that any legislation aimed at disrupting criminal financial networks is, de facto, a welcome move, but that would ignore the fact that many forms of modern-day tax evasion, avoidance and money laundering are conducted without cash through shell corporations located across multiple jurisdictions, including Luxembourg.
But the EU's anti-cash measures are not aimed at the giant corporations and well-heeled individuals and families, including those that, thanks to their armies of professional lawyers and accountants, get to exploit the loopholes built into the system to stash their wealth far from the prying eyes of European tax authorities. No, the measures are aimed at average Joes and ordinary Janes, and the main objective is to further dampen their ability or willingness to use or carry cash.
loading...
Sharing is caring!
Craig Harrison says consistency will make Hartlepool United a success in the “crazy” National League.
The boss takes 15th-placed Pools to Solihull Moors today knowing a win would take their side ever near to the top seven.
While 15th appears a low position, such is the congestion in the fifth tier of English football, Pools are just three points shy of the play-offs and only seven behind leaders Macclesfield.
“It will be interesting to see how many different teams have topped the division,” said Harrison, who this week called the league “crazy” for its high uncertainty.
“I'd imagine it would be higher than almost any other league - I think there has been a different leader every other week.
“We've moved into 15th but we're only seven points off the top and three off the play-offs so it shows just how tight the league is.
“From our perspective, and I know this is very clichéd, but we'll take each game as it comes.
“Only one defeat in eight is a good run but we'd like to string more together.”
Today's match at Damson Park marks the conclusion of the opening third of the National League programme.
There have been five separate leaders in the division, Aldershot leading the way on five occasions, followed by Sutton United (four), Dover (two), Dagenham (two) and Macclesfield, who started today as top dogs.
Consistency, clearly, is there with Pools, with their last eight matches producing 17 points.
If Pools enjoy more sequences of W, W, W D, W, L, D, W, then they are not going to be far away when the honours are dished out.
And they will achieve in the National League by grinding out results as often as they do in playing free-flowing football.
That was certainly the case in point on Tuesday night when a goal in the seventh-minute of added time, from Michael Woods, stole victory against lowly Barrow.
“I watched it back the morning after the game and we could have played better,” admitted Harrison.
“It's the sign of a good set of players and professionals that we can win when we don't particularly play well.
“I was really pleased with how we defended - Barrow were a big, physical side who had a good long hard flat throw.
“It was hard, but overall it was three points.
“You don't get any more points for winning 3-0, 4-0 or 5-0, Barcelona-style.
“That 1-0 win keeps our momentum going and we'll make sure we build on that.
“Ideally I want us to play like we did against Maidstone every week but the facts are that won't happen, but that's what we re striving for and working very hard at.
“The main thing is that we got the result and move forward.”
At least 19 civilians were killed when Islamist attackers launched a car bomb and gun attack on a busy hotel and an adjacent restaurant in the Somali capital Mogadishu, a police officer said on Thursday.
MOGADISHU: At least 19 people were killed when Islamist attackers launched a car bomb and gun attack on a busy hotel and adjacent restaurant in the Somali capital, a police officer said on Thursday.
A car driven by a suicide bomber rammed into the Posh Hotel in south Mogadishu on Wednesday evening before gunmen rushed into Pizza House, an adjacent restaurant, and took 20 people hostage. Posh Hotel is the only venue with a discotheque in the capital.
Abdi Bashir told Reuters the Somali security forces took control of the restaurant at midnight after the gunmen held hostages inside for several hours. Five of the gunmen were killed, Bashir said.
"We are in control of the hotel but it was mostly destroyed by the suicide bomber," they told Reuters by phone.
Witnesses said there were bodies lying at the scene on Thursday morning as ambulances came to take them away.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Al Shabaab, the Islamist militant group, claimed responsibility for the attack.
(Reporting by Faisal Omar; Writing by Duncan Miriri; Editing by Janet Lawrence)
A sessions court in Kerala's Ernakulam district found guilty 23-year-old Amir-ul Islam, the lone accused in the murder of 30-year-old Dalit law student, Jisha.
Jisha was found dead on 28 April, 2016, in their house in Perumbavoor in Ernakulam district of Kerala at their home by their mother Rajeshwari.
Jisha rape and murder case: Accused Amirul Islam found guilty by Sessions court Ernakulam #Kerala — ANI (@ANI) December 12, 2017
Them body bore injuries that led to suspicion that they were raped before their murder.
Ernakulam Principal Sessions Court judge N Anil Kumar is likely to pronounce the quantum of punishment on Wednesday. Muhammed Ameerul Islam was found guilty under various sections of the IPC including 302 (murder), 376 (Rape) 376 (A) (causing death or causes the woman to be in persistent vegetative state while committing rape).
The accused, however, was not found guilty under 201 (causing disappearance of evidence of offence) and various sections under SC/ST (prevention of atrocities) amendment Act 2015.
The Court had on 6 December completed the hearing in the case and posted it for today for pronouncement of judgement.
According to a Times of Indiareport, "the trial in the case took 85 days. As many as 100 witnesses, including 15 migrant labourers, were examined by the prosecution which also presented circumstantial evidences before the court against Islam".
The prosecution, the report adds, had presented as many as "290 documents and 36 material evidences and the defence counsel examined five witnesses. Evidence included results of the forensic and DNA tests conducted on the accused".
The DNA samples in their body, slippers, nails matched with the accused, Times Now reported.
Islam, a migrant labourer from Assam, was nabbed by a Special Investigation Team of Kerala Police on 16 June, 2016. According to Manorama Online, the 24-year-old accused had confessed to the murder. They were arrested from Singadivakkam in Kanchipuram, Tamil Nadu.
How the case was solved
In the early phase of the investigation, the Kerala police had questioned some 2,000 people in this case and some 20 of them were subjected to DNA tests. Multiple teams of state police were deployed to hunt down Jisha's killer(s). The police later zeroed in on Islam.
The police recovered the weapon from an under-construction building named Iringole Vaidyasala in Perumbavoor. The building is one kilometre away from Jisha's house.
The police had also secured CCTV camera details from a shop from the victim's neighbourhood, which reportedly showed the suspect following the law student in the neighbourhood of their residence, hours ahead of the incident on 28 April.
After Islam was arrested, they were taken to Jisha's home during which, they had allegedly told police how they committed the crime and how they escaped from the spot.
According to reports, Jisha was stabbed 30 times by Islam at their house.
Jisha had rejected sexual advances from the suspect, earlier on the same day that they were killed. And Islam, wanted a revenge.
According to a report by Manorama Online, Jisha tried to resist the accused's attempts to rape her, after which they sustained injuries. Later, when they asked for water, the accused gave them alcohol.
The shoddy investigation into the case has attracted nationwide outrage.
As Firstpost writer G Pramod Kumar had argued earlier, "Jisha was a landless Dalit living in a one room hutment on a canal poramboke. Them family was ostracised by the local community and neither the police nor the local administration had listened to their earlier appeals for help, attracting nationwide outrage."
The local police had reportedly "also messed up the investigation in the initial days, thereby losing vital leads, and could never catch up the culprit".
Soon after the Pinarayi Vijayan-led LDF government assumed office on 25 May, 2016, it changed the entire team probing the case with ADGP B Sandhya as its chief, On Manorama () had reported. "Even DGP TP Senkumar was replaced by Loknath Behra who then promised speedy action in the Jisha case".
With inputs from PTI.
× Expand Looking at a patient's chart in the Alton Memorial Hospital Emergency Department are (from left) registered nurses Samantha Jarman and Nikki Brunaugh, charge nurse; and Dr. Thomas Freeman, an emergency room physician.
ALTON — Other hospitals are taking note of Alton Memorial's Emergency Department's work in reducing wait times.
Aaron Valleroy, performance improvement consultant for AMH, said great progress has been made in reducing the time between when the ED physician does an admission order and when the patient is admitted to an inpatient room.
They said this performance is what sparked other hospitals, like Missouri Baptist Medical Center and Christian Hospital, to visit and observe.
“Through physician education and real-time charting, plus input from our hospitalists, the time was able to be reduced from approximately 100 minutes to 58 minutes by the end of 2016,” Valleroy said.
Valleroy said an “admit communication process” has been developed for the ED physicians and hospitalists, as well as education on testing that can be done on inpatient floors rather than while the patient is still in the ED.
Meanwhile, Becky Miller, assistant manager of the ED, said a recent remodeling led to a change of process to improve times for the patient's entire length of stay.
“If there are any open rooms, the patients do not go into triage,” Miller said. “They go directly to a room to decrease their length of stay and get them treated in a timelier manner. Also, we now have a results pending room where the patients are moved to after their tests are completed to await their results.”
Cindy Bray, manager of the ED, said cooperation between staff members has been vital in the process.
“The ED staff, the physicians and the inpatient staff have embraced this process, which has made it such a success,” they said. “We have excellent staff at AMH. They are always willing to take on new challenges to improve the care we give to our patients.”
Follow AdVantage News on Facebook and Twitter
LAS VEGAS (KLAS) — One way people are honoring the lives lost in the shooting at the Route 91 music festival is by opening up their wallets.
MGM Resorts already donated a whopping $3 million to the victims and their families and Sheldon Adelson and the Las Vegas Sands Corporation donated $4 million.
Zappo's, the UFC, and Station Casinos have all pledged $1 million each.
Many individuals are also donating what they can, including more than $9 million raised in a GoFundMe campaign started by Clark County Commissioner Steve Sisolak and Sheriff Joe Lombardo.
But exactly how will the money be put into the hands of those who need it? The LasVegasNow.com I-Team tried to find out.
The outpouring of generosity has been inspirational and astounding. The GoFundMe effort is perhaps the best example of that.
As of Thursday evening, that fund stood at $9.5 million raised in just a few days from 77,000 donations. So, how will the money be spent, and who will administer the funds?
“We set up a GoFundMe account because the sheriff and I thought that we could maybe help some of these victims with funeral expenses, with travel expenses,” Sisolak said.
READ MORE: Stories about the Las Vegas victims
Commissioner Sisolak's idea to team up with Sheriff Joe Lombardo in starting a fund to help to shoot victims quickly exceeded expectations.
It is not clear how the millions of dollars in the fund will be dispersed. At Wednesday's county commission meeting, the discussion focused on whether a third party such as the National Center for Victims of Crime could be brought in to handle the administrative duties. Those duties include getting the money into the hands of those who need it most by paying for ongoing medical treatments, travel expenses for the wounded and funeral expenses for those who died.
On Thursday, the I-Team learned another potential partner surfaced. Discussions were held behind the scenes between Commissioner Sisolak's staff and individuals with experience in administering funds raised in the wake of a tragedy. In particular, the Boston Marathon bombings of 2013. Three people were killed and hundreds were injured. Donations exceeded $60 million.
Boston's experience could serve as a model, however, no agreement has been reached.
“We are in the process now of deciding strategy and structure, how to give out the money. We had people today who flew in to meet with county staff to try and coordinate this. The sheriff and I are not involved with this. We started it, but that's the extent of what we plan to do,” Sisolak said.
It is not known how and to whom the Las Vegas money would be distributed, but a large chunk of the donated money will stay with GoFundMe, the company which hosts the fundraising webpage.
GoFundMe charges a standard 7.9 percent of all the money raised plus a fee of 30 cents per donation. As of Thursday evening, 77,000 individual donations have been made from 75 countries around the world.
That means the total fee charged by GoFundMe for hosting the Las Vegas page could exceed $776,000 dollars.
Whether GoFundMe can be talked into cutting some slack on its fees is unknown.
Commissioner Sisolak said, that in addition to a group from Boston, county staff also met with groups who managed similar funds following tragedies in New York and Orlando. Whoever administers the Las Vegas fund must agree to allow for local control in vetting which people qualify to receive some of the money.
———–
Online:
Full coverage of the Las Vegas shooting
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
By Jay Cook |
HAZLET – The township has rolled out the welcome mat for the establishment of a new hotel on Route 35 South in Hazlet, on the Holmdel border.
On Nov. 30, the Hazlet Land Use Board unanimously approved a four-story Holiday Inn Express hotel at 2780 Route 35, to be situated on a wooded lot behind an existing two-story Holiday Inn hotel and a commercial building housing Hazlet Pharmacy and Casual Male XL.
Some neighboring residents along Miller and Orchard avenues in Holmdel expressed ire during the four-month-long process. Holmdel's governing body passed a resolution opposing the project, citing quality-of-life concerns for its residents. Holmdel's mayor, Gregory Buontempo, told the board the new four-story hotel “is literally going to be on top of these one-story homes.”
But the plans earned the seal of approval from those who want to see more businesses in town.
Barbara Ronchetti, a Hazlet committeewoman, said Hazlet has been trying to encourage new businesses along the Route 35 corridor to boost the value of property and increase ratables. Not far away, several large businesses are shuttered, including Kmart, Pathmark, Sports Authority, Frank's Nursery, Red Oak Diner and Friendly's.
The hotel, Ronchetti said, would be a nice addition to Hazlet. “With our redevelopment plan in place, I feel this hotel will be a great tax revenue for our residents and a very pleasant sight on our highway.”
But Steve White, who lives near the hotel property in Holmdel, saw no convincing reason Hazlet should allow two hotels on essentially the same property.
“It's not like we have a theme park here, a convention center or conference halls here,” said White, criticizing the business plan. “All we have is a beach and that really doesn't justify a hotel.”
They added, “Think about it, guys. Think about what you might sign off on.”
The new Holiday Inn Express proposed by Gode Hotels would be 13,663 square feet with 93 rooms on its four levels. At its closest point, the hotel would be 92 feet from the nearest property line, where at least 80 feet is required. Building plans describe an indoor swimming pool, small market, lifestyle lounge and a fitness room.
Also included in the application was a financial subdivision, meaning the total 7-acre property would be split into two. The existing Holiday Inn will now be on a 3.9-acre lot and the new hotel would be built on 3 acres of an undeveloped, wooded and sandy lot.
At the first meeting in mid-August, hotel planner Yomesh Patel told the board the new Holiday Inn Express would be an “upper-scale” hotel, aimed to “attract the right type of clients.” It will not be pet-friendly, smoking won't be allowed inside or on the premises and it would not market lodging to truckers and laborers, the hotel's experts said on Nov. 30.
Attorney Jeffrey Gale, representing Gode Hotels, said in August the existing Holiday Inn could be sold and rebranded in the future as a Quality Inn or similar style hotel. The Holiday Inn is currently owned by Gode Hotels, the applicant for the Holiday Inn Express.
Residents along the border in Holmdel took issue with building another hotel that would stand right behind their houses. Miller Avenue resident Dean Labarca is the closest to the new hotel site. They said it doesn't make sense for the space.
“This is like something that takes place in Brooklyn,” Labarca said. “This is the suburbs. To put these two pounds of baloney in a one-pound spot I think is ridiculous.”
What made the application unique was how the entire hotel property was not a permitted use in its current business park zone. Yet it was specifically noted in Hazlet's June 2017 master plan reexamination to be changed to the business highway zone, where a hotel would be allowed.
Gale, the attorney, told The Two River Times their client did plenty to accommodate the homeowners. They agreed to remove overgrown shrubbery at the hotel egress onto Miller Avenue, replace a dilapidated 6-foot fence with a new, 8-foot privacy fence and prohibit large truck parking along the rear of the property, which is adjacent to residential property.
“That's part of the reason you go through the hearing process,” Gale said. “The hearing process is never intended to be one-sided. It's an opportunity for the applicant to present their case, it's also an opportunity for the surrounding property owners to express their specific concerns.”
When built, the Holiday Inn Express would join Holiday Inn, Best Western Hazlet Inn, Holmdel Motor Inn and the Shore Point Motel as lodging options along Route 35.
Gale said Gode Hotels' next step would be to apply to the state Department of Transportation because the plans detail an ingress from Route 35, a state highway. They would also need to draft parking and easement agreements with the Hazlet Pharmacy and Casual Male XL property owner to allow for a driveway between the two properties.
Gale added they could not give a definite time on when ground would break because they aren't privy to Gode Hotels' financing situation. But they said their client accomplished the most important thing – “to accommodate the neighbors and address their concerns.”
This article was first published in the Dec. 7-14, 2017 print edition of The Two River Times.
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) – A Canadian man has been charged by criminal complaint with attempting to ship ten live snakes through the mail from the U.S.
Chaoyi Le, 28, of Mississauga, Ont., faces up to ten years in prison if convicted.
According to the assistant U.S. attorney handling the case, Le was found in possession of 55 live reptiles in Feb. 2014 during an encounter with U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service personnel in Chicago. Le had been traveling from Toronto to Shanghai, China.
Many of the live reptiles (including ball pythons) found to be in their possession have afforded protection under the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Flora and Fauna (CITES).Le was charged by a violation notice and paid a $5,000 fine.
Le was then stopped April 22, 2014, while entering Canada from the U.S. At that time, they had three live albino Western hog-nosed snakes hidden in their socks. Le indicated that they intended to mail the reptiles to China. They failed to report for their appearance in federal court in Sept. 2014.
On Aug. 11, 2017, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service was notified that Le had boarded a flight from Shanghai to Los Angeles. Le was arrested upon landing in California. \
Le made an initial appearance Monday in the Central District of California court and will be returned to the Western District of New York at a later date.
A company promoting a plan for the United States and Russia to jointly build nuclear reactors in the Middle East denied in a letter made public on Monday that its director received an Inauguration Day text message from incoming national security adviser Michael Flynn saying the project was "good to go."
WASHINGTON: A company promoting a plan for the United States and Russia to jointly build nuclear reactors in the Middle East denied in a letter made public on Monday that its director received an Inauguration Day text message from incoming national security adviser Michael Flynn saying the project was "good to go."
Citing a confidential informant, the top Democrat on the House of Representatives' Oversight and Government Reform Committee last week said Flynn and Alex Copson, managing director of ACU Strategic Partners, communicated during President Donald Trump's inaugural address about the project, which would have required lifting U.S. sanctions on Moscow.
Thomas Cochran, a business partner of Copson, wrote in a letter to the lawmaker, Representative Elijah Cummings, that the informant's allegations are "patently false and unfounded."
Reuters was unable to identify the confidential informant or independently confirm the informant's information that was provided by Cummings.
Copson has not responded to numerous requests for comment in recent months.
Cochran attached to the letter records for Copson's cell phone which, they said, show that they exchanged three text messages on Inauguration Day, Jan. 20, none of them with Flynn.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Since Mr. Copson did not receive a text message from General Flynn during the Inauguration, other allegations of the 'whistleblower' are equally false and unfounded," wrote Cochran, who is ACU Strategic Partners' senior scientist. Flynn is a retired Army general.
Reuters and other news organizations have reported that Flynn continued to promote a version of the nuclear project after they began work at the White House.
As part of their investigation into possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russians during the 2016 U.S. election campaign, special counsel Robert Mueller is looking at whether Flynn or other Trump aides tried to influence U.S. policy to improve relations with Russia.
Proponents of the reactors project argued it would provide nuclear energy in the Middle East without the threat of weapons proliferation, improve U.S.-Russia relations and revive the U.S. nuclear industry.
Flynn served just 24 days as Trump's national security adviser before being fired for misleading Vice President Michael Pence about whether they discussed U.S. sanctions with Russia's ambassador to Washington.
They pleaded guilty on Dec. 1 to lying to the FBI about their Russia contacts.
Reuters reported that day that documents it had reviewed showed that ACU Strategic Partners bragged after Trump's Nov. 8, 2016, election that it had Flynn's backing.
Cummings wrote back to Copson on Monday, requesting that they participate in a transcribed interview "so that our staff attorneys could ask you questions about your relationship and communications with General Flynn."
"It remains unclear why your colleague sent this letter rather than you," they wrote.
Cummings' office released Cochran's letter but not the attached phone records.
(Reporting by Warren Strobel and Nathan Layne. Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
WASHINGTON: Facebook shares tumbled on Monday (Mar 19) as the social media giant faced an onslaught of criticism at home and abroad over revelations that a firm working for Donald Trump's presidential campaign harvested and misused data on 50 million members.
Calls for investigations came on both sides of the Atlantic after Facebook responded to the explosive reports of misuse of its data by suspending the account of Cambridge Analytica, a British communications firm hired by Trump's 2016 campaign.
Democratic Senator Amy Klobuchar and Republican John Kennedy called for Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg to appear before Congress, along with the CEOs of Google and Twitter.
News: @SenJohnKennedy & I just sent bipartisan letter to @ChuckGrassley asking for judiciary hearing w/social media CEOs including Zuckerberg. This isn't the first time we've made this request, but now 50 million people who had their records stolen should add to our numbers! — Amy Klobuchar (@amyklobuchar) March 19, 2018
The two lawmakers said the companies "have amassed unprecedented amounts of personal data" and that the lack of oversight "raises concerns about the integrity of American elections as well as privacy rights."
Senator Ron Wyden asked Facebook to provide more information on what they called a "troubling" misuse of private data that could have been used to sway voters.
Wyden said they want to know how Cambridge Analytica used Facebook tools "to weaponize detailed psychological profiles against tens of millions of Americans."
Advertisement
Advertisement
In Europe, officials voiced similar outrage.
Vera Jourova, European Commissioner for Justice, Consumers and Gender Equality, called the revelations "horrifying, if confirmed," and vowed to address their concerns while travelling to the United States this week.
In Britain, parliamentary committee chair Damian Collins said both Cambridge Analytica and Facebook had questions to answer.
"We have repeatedly asked Facebook about how companies acquire and hold on to user data from their site, and in particular whether data had been taken from people without their consent," Collins said in a statement.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
"Their answers have consistently understated this risk, and have also been misleading to the committee."
'SYSTEMATIC PROBLEMS'
On Wall Street, Facebook shares skidded 7.7 per cent in midday trade amid concerns about pressure for new regulations that could hurt its business model.
Brian Wieser at Pivotal Research said the revelations highlight "systemic problems at Facebook," but that they won't immediately impact Facebook revenues.
Still they said "risks are now enhanced" because of the potential for regulations on how Facebook uses data for advertising and monitoring users.
According to a joint investigation by The New York Times and Britain's Observer, Cambridge Analytica was able to create psychological profiles on 50 million Facebook users through the use of a personality prediction app that was downloaded by 270,000 people, but also scooped up data from friends.
A Cambridge Analytica statement denied misusing Facebook data for the Trump campaign.
Facebook said it had hired a digital forensics firm to examine how the data leak occurred and to ensure that any data collected had been destroyed.
"If this data still exists, it would be a grave violation of Facebook's policies," the statement said.
'SELF-REGULATION NOT WORKING'
Jennifer Grygiel, a Syracuse University professor who studies social media, said the disclosures will increase pressure to regulate Facebook and other social media firms, already under scrutiny for allowing disinformation from Russian-directed sources to propagate.
"Self-regulation is not working," Grygiel said.
"I'm wondering how bad this needs to get before our regulators step in and hold these companies accountable."
Daniel Kreiss, a professor of media and communications at the University of North Carolina, said Facebook failed to live up to its responsibilities on election ads.
"The fact that Facebook seems to make no distinction between selling sneakers and selling a presidential platform is a deep problem," Kreiss said.
Some analysts suggested the breach posed an existential crisis for Facebook because of how it gathers and uses data on its two billion members.
David Carroll, a media professor at the New School's Parsons School of Design, said Facebook and others will soon be forced to live with new privacy rules such as those set to take effect in the European Union.
"Facebook and Google will have to ask users a lot more permission to track them," Carroll said. "Most people are going to say no, so I think it's going to have a huge impact on these companies."
Carroll has filed a legal action in Britain calling on Cambridge Analytica to disclose what data was gathered and used on him.
"If I can get them to disclose my data or my personality score, it indicates every other American has the right to the same thing," they said.
An undercover investigation of Cambridge Analytica by Britain's Channel 4 said executives boasted they could entrap politicians in compromising situations with bribes and Ukrainian sex workers, and spread misinformation over the internet.
The executives claimed to have worked in more 200 elections across the world, including Argentina, the Czech Republic, India, Kenya and Nigeria.
The British firm said it "strongly denies" the claims from Channel 4 as well as reports on misuse of Facebook data.
"Facebook data was not used by Cambridge Analytica as part of the services it provided to the Donald Trump presidential campaign," a statement read.
CTV Calgary Staff
The New Year kicked off with a new tax for Albertans designed to counteract climate change while encouraging the exploration of new industry within the province.
Prices at the pump increased by five cents per litre on Sunday morning. While motorists expected the hike, the carbon tax remains a tough pill to swallow for some Albertans.
“That's a little hard to hit in the wallet that's for sure,” said Randy Pearce. “I just don't understand why they spend $9 million on promoting this carbon tax.”
The Notley government spent millions to tout the tax as the most cost effective way to reduce greenhouse gas emission and it promises to invest all revenue from the tax into Alberta's economy.
“While it's 4.5 cents today it's billions of dollars for our economy and economic diversification,” explained Sarah Hoffman, Alberta's deputy premier, on Sunday in the Alberta Legislature Building.
Some are questioning the province's timing.
“There's wage freezes as well and wage cuts, it's going to be a difficult year, 2017,” said Gary Belcher.
Many businesses are warning customers the trickledown effect of the tax will result in higher prices as the shipment of goods will cost more.
In addition to the levy of fuel for vehicles, natural gas, used to heat homes and businesses, will experience a jump in price.
Kris Palka, an oil and gas strategist, considers the carbon tax a blessing in disguise as it will encourage Albertans to seek out ways to live a lower emission lifestyle to save money long term. Palka points to recent trends in British Columbia as an example
“(They had) very good results,” said Palka. “People became more efficient with the stuff they use, it cost them less, with a 17% reduction of consumption.”
The provincial government maintains the average family will pay about $350 more each year and roughly two-thirds of Albertans will receive rebates to offset the cost.
Jean-Luc Reicher says the tax is a small price to pay and considers the move a step in the right direction.
“I don't think it does enough,” said Reicher. “I think climate change is a serious problem and I don't think we're adjusting in the right ways. It's a start but there should be more.
Carbon levy rebates will be determined by household income.
With files from CTV's Alesia Fieldberg
ANKARA: Turkey extended its state of emergency on Monday by three months starting from Wednesday, its third such extension after a coup attempt last July, a deputy prime minister said.
The decision came after the National Security Council advised extending it, Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus told reporters in a press conference in Ankara.
(Reporting by Ece Toksabay, editing by Larry King)
ISLAMABAD - Diamond Cricket Club Islamabad left for Karachi on Tuesday for a 15-day visit to play against top clubs of the port city.
On the invitation of Al-Imran Club Karachi, Diamond Club led by Moeid Shaikh will play matches at UBL, NBP, State Bank, Asghar Ali Shah Stadium, Karachi Gymkhana, Rashid Latif Cricket Academy, AKG Academy and NHL Stadium, as all the club will play seven one-day and two T20 matches under floodlights.
Following recent visit to Dubai and Faisalabad, Diamond Club, comprising first-class cricketers, will play matches with top clubs in Karachi in an effort to give experience to talented club members," said team manager Attiq Shaikh, adding the club will be staying at Motivator Cricket Academy Karachi.
The current squad of Diamond Club comprises Moeid Shaikh (capt), Shahzad Azam Rana, Ali Sarfraz, Rohail Nazir, Ali Nadim, Usman Ashraf, Wajid Ali, Sohail Ahmed, Asjad Nawaz, Arsal Shaikh, Irtaza Anwar, Fiaz Iqbal, Zainul Abadin, Sajidur Rehman, Alamgir Khan, Sarim Ashfaq, Manzoorur Rehman. Raja Zahid will be assistant manager and Farrukh Hayat coach of the team.
Prominent Australian opposition Senator Sam Dastyari said on Tuesday they would resign from parliament after a series of allegations emerged about their links with Chinese-aligned interests in Australia.
SYDNEY: Prominent Australian opposition Senator Sam Dastyari said on Tuesday they would resign from parliament after a series of allegations emerged about their links with Chinese-aligned interests in Australia.
Relations between Australia and China have become strained since Canberra announced last week it would ban foreign political donations as part of a crackdown aimed at preventing external influence in domestic politics.
In announcing the ban, Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull specifically singled out China, citing "disturbing reports about Chinese influence".
China hit back, with the ruling Communist Party's official People's Daily describing media reports about Chinese interference as "racist" and "paranoid".
Dastyari, widely viewed as a rising star of the centre-left Labor opposition party, has been under fire since domestic media reported they had sought to encourage the party's deputy leader not to meet a Chinese pro-democracy activist opposed to Beijing's rule in Hong Kong in 2015.
"Today, after much reflection, I've decided that the best service I can render to the federal parliamentary Labor Party is to not return to the Senate in 2018," Dastyari told reporters in Sydney.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The latest allegations came just days after Turnbull on Monday told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation Dastyari had warned Chinese political donor Huang Xiangmo that their phone might be tapped.
Dastyari had already quit some senior Labor positions after a tape surfaced of them appearing to endorse China's contentious expansion in disputed areas of the South China Sea, against their party's platform. The tape showed them standing next to Huang.
Turnbull accused the opposition Labor Party of "failing to put Australia first", rhetoric that analysts said could widen divisions between Canberra and Beijing.
"The row has erupted and it has claimed a political scalp," said Euan Graham, director, international security programme at the Lowy Institute, an Australian think tank.
"China could retaliate through non-official sanctions such as reduced tourist numbers or through buying of goods elsewhere."
China bought AUS$93 billion (US$69.95 billion) of Australian goods and services last year, making it easily the country's biggest trade partner.
But growing trade ties are only one side of a delicate balancing act for Australia, whose unshakeable security relationship with the United States has limited how cosy it gets with China.
The recent political focus on Dastyari's China links has been a welcome reprieve for Turnbull, who is suffering a slump in popularity in a country where three prime ministers have been ousted by their own parties since 2010.
The fragility of their centre-right government will be tested at the weekend, where the Dec. 16 by-election for the blue-ribbon conservative electorate of Bennelong in Sydney could see Turnbull again lose their majority in parliament should Labour win.
(US$1 = 1.3294 Australian dollars)
(Reporting by Colin Packham and Elouise Fowler in SYDNEY; Editing by Paul Tait and Jacqueline Wong)
KUALA LUMPUR: Lawyers for Malaysian opposition figure Anwar Ibrahim have asked for Prime Minister Najib Razak to grant their immediate release from prison so that they can properly recover from shoulder surgery.
Anwar, 70, is due to be released in six months on good behaviour. They were sentenced to five years' jail for a 2014 sodomy conviction which they claimed was politically motivated.
Their US legal advisor, Kimberley Motley, is in Kuala Lumpur to meet Anwar as well as to try to meet the deputy and prime ministers.
They told a media conference on Monday (Dec 11) that Najib was "so concerned they went to visit Anwar in the hospital" last month.
.@anwaribrahim's legal advisor from the US wants to meet with PM, DPM to lobby for their release, as well as Dr Mahathir to update them on Anwar's case. pic.twitter.com/5vWZOdQq2j — Sumisha Naidu (@SumishaCNA) December 11, 2017
"(Anwar has) been in prison for 34 months as a 70-year-old man who's in the hospital. He's in pain. They shouldn't be in the hospital. And he's kind of getting rehabilitation treatment but not the full treatment that he's entitled to," they said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"I think since Prime Minister Najib was interested in seeing their medical condition when they went to visit him, it seems to me that they should continue to be invested in their medical condition ... They were interested then, they must be interested now."
Lawyers said the Malaysian government has the power to grant Anwar's release on medical grounds - although local laws would still prohibit their participation in politics for five years upon their release unless they are acquitted.
General elections are due to be held within months and releasing the charismatic leader early would allow them to participate in campaigning at the very least.
There are two pending legal appeals for their acquittal, failing which Anwar would have to rely on a royal pardon or government intervention to be released earlier than scheduled.
Craig Harrison has done another piece of crucial business at Hartlepool United by re-signing defender Carl Magnay.
Having captured former loan player Ryan Donaldson on a free transfer from promoted League Two side Plymouth Argyles, the new boss has persuaded fellow Geordie Magnay to put pen to paper on a new deal.
Magnay was one of three out-of-contract players to be offered new terms by the club, along with Rhys Oates and Brad Walker.
Oates has yet to commit themselves while alker has been linked with Sky Bet Championship club Wolves and League One Wigan.
Keeping Magnay is good news for Pools, given National Leaguie rivals and neighbours Gateshead were interested in taking them back to the International Stadium.
The 28-year-old has been a regular selection at Victoria Park since their move from Grimsby Town in the summer of 2015.
The former Chelsea defender suffered a serious knee injury last September which required surgery which threatened to end their season early.
However, they made an incredible recovery and made it back for the fight for survival, a fight Pools, ultimately lost.
Magnay has experience of the National League during their time with Grimsby so Harrison has added another vital piece of the jigsaw.
WASHINGTON: The special counsel overseeing the probe into Russia's alleged meddling in the US election is looking at whether President Donald Trump tried to obstruct justice, the Washington Post reported Wednesday (Jun 14), citing unnamed officials.
In a pivotal shift in the investigation that has riveted Americans like no other for decades, senior intelligence officials have agreed to be interviewed by investigators working for the special counsel, Robert Mueller, the Post said.
It quoted five people briefed on the requests and said those who have agreed to be interviewed are Daniel Coats, the director of national intelligence, Admiral Mike Rogers, head of the National Security Agency, and their recently departed deputy, Richard Ledgett.
The interviews could come as early as this week, the Post said.
The newspaper's story was met with a furious reaction from Trump's personal lawyer.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The shift toward investigating the US president began days after Trump fired James Comey as FBI director on May 9, the Post said.
The stated focus has been Russia's alleged efforts to tilt last November's presidential election Trump's way and whether the winner's campaign was involved in any way.
Trump vehemently denies any collusion between themselves or any of their associates and Russia.
Mueller, themselves a widely respected former head of the FBI, has now taken up the angle of possible efforts by Trump to obstruct justice in the investigation, the Post said.
Quoting officials, the newspaper said one event of interest to Mueller is an exchange on March 22, when Coats told associates that Trump had asked them to intervene with Comey to get them to back off the focus on Trump's former national security advisor Mike Flynn as part of the FBI probe of the Russia affair.
A few days after the March 22 meeting, Trump spoke separately with Coats and Rogers and asked them to issue public statements to the effect that there was no evidence of coordination between their campaign and Russia. The Post said both men refused the president's request.
Trump's personal lawyer Marc Kasowitz issued a statement saying the FBI was behind the Post story and called the leak "outrageous, inexcusable and illegal." The lawyer did not deny the story, however.
Mueller briefed Senators Wednesday on their work.
"I'm going to acknowledge we had a meeting with the special counsel Mueller, but I'm not going to get into the contests," Mark Warner, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, told reporters later.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Australian Daria Gavrilova shook off an uncertain second set to defeat France's Kristina Mladenovic 6-0 7-6(6) on Monday at the Cincinnati Open.
REUTERS: Australian Daria Gavrilova shook off an uncertain second set to defeat France's Kristina Mladenovic 6-0 7-6(6) on Monday at the Cincinnati Open.
After cruising through a perfect first set, the 23-year-old Gavrilova needed to save a set point in the competitive second set to hand the 13th-seeded Mladenovic their third straight loss.
"She has a history of great comebacks. They have done it at the French Open almost every match," Gavrilova said after the match.
"She stepped up their game and was playing a bit loser and was not making as many unforced errors because the first set was not a great set from her."
Gavrilova moves on to face Italian Camila Giorgi in the round of 32 on Tuesday.
Earlier in the day big-serving Czech Petra Kvitova battled back to defeat Anett Kontaveit 1-6 7-6(2) 3-6.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Kvitova, the tournament's 14th seed and a two-time Wimbledon champion, will face either wildcard American Sloane Stephens or Czech Lucie Safarova, who will play at the Lindner Family Tennis Center on Tuesday.
(Reporting by Rory Carroll; Editing by Janet Lawrence)
The Israeli government is due on Sunday to discuss giving retroactive approval to a wildcat settlement in the occupied West Bank, where an Israeli rabbi was shot dead last month.
The official agenda for Sunday's weekly cabinet meeting says ministers will hear a motion to designate the 15-year-old Havat Gilad outpost as a “new community” which will have the necessary building permits and a state budget.
Rabbi Raziel Shevah was shot dead near Havat Gilad, where they lived, on January 9.
The following week, Israeli troops searching for their attackers shot dead a Palestinian suspect in the city of Jenin in the northern West Bank, about 35 kilometres (22 miles) north of Havat Gilad.
At Shevah's funeral there were calls for “revenge” during a speech by Education Minister Naftali Bennett of the far-right Jewish Home party.
Bennett responded by saying that the only revenge should be in building more settlements.
Defence Minister Avigdor Lieberman, sponsor of the forthcoming cabinet motion, spoke on Wednesday of getting official recognition for Havat Gilad.
“We promised and the proposal to normalise Havat Gilad outpost as a regular community will be brought to the cabinet for approval this coming Sunday,” Lieberman wrote on Twitter.
According to their cabinet motion the outpost was founded in 2002 and currently houses about 40 families.
Israeli settlements are seen as illegal under international law and major obstacles to peace as they are built on land the Palestinians see as part of their future state.
Israel however differentiates between settlements it has approved and those it has not.
Those without approval are referred to as outposts and are typically populated by hardline religious nationalists who see the entire West Bank as part of Israel.
Past attempts by Israeli authorities to dismantle Havat Gilad have led to clashes with settlers there.
Israel has several times given retroactive approval to outposts and last year work began on the first government-sanctioned settlement built in the Palestinian territories in some 25 years.
Israel faced sharp criticism from the administration of former US president Barack Obama over settlement construction, but that has not been the case with Donald Trump's White House and Israeli officials have sought to take advantage.
European nations and the UN maintain their strong opposition to settlement building.
New Delhi: Legendary batsman Sachin Tendulkar has written to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, requesting them to include all international medallists in Central Government Health Scheme(CGHS).
Talking about the plight that elite sportsperson goes through when facing health issues, Tendulkar in their letter cited the example of Hockey Olympic gold medallist Mohammed Shahid's last days.
"I am writing to you as a concerned sportsperson on behalf of all the sportsperson in our country requesting your kind intervention for inclusion of all sportsperson who have won medals internationally in the list of sportsperson eligible for CGHS facilities," Tendulkar wrote to Modi on 24 October, a copy of which is in possession of PTI.
CGHS is availed by all Central Government employees who have access to medical centres which are associated with this scheme. Tendulkar, in their letter to PM Modi, informed them that they had earlier taken up the issue with both sports ministry and health ministry.
"They (Health Ministry) were supportive of the idea but shared their inability to consider wider range of sportsperson under CGHS scheme through their reply dated September 14. I completely appreciate and understand their position basis our original request," Tendulkar wrote. They have requested PM to at least consider the inclusion of international medallists (non Govt employees) as a "pilot/test', whose cost benefits can be assessed by the sports ministry.
"Once we analyse the cost/benefits the same can be extended to additional categories of sportspersons in a phased manner, after value of Pilot Programme is assessed by Health Ministry," the maestro wrote.
Tendulkar spoke about late Shahid, who got help only during their last days. Shahid passed away due to liver related problem.
"Not all sportspersons have been historically allocated government jobs, hence even if limited pool of international medal winners are considered, we can prevent incidents of apathy such as Shri Mohammed Shahid, one of our greatest hockey players," they further wrote.
As a parting shot, Tendulkar wrote: "I have been through several tough injuries where I have felt the pressure of an uncertain comeback. The amount of physical and mental stress that sportsperson goes through is immense."
"The medical cost creates additional burden on athletes,which in turn acts as a deterrent."
World number two Simona Halep reached the China Open semi-finals for the first time in their career after beating Russian Daria Kasatkina 6-2 6-1 on Friday.
REUTERS: World number two Simona Halep reached the China Open semi-finals for the first time in their career after beating Russian Daria Kasatkina 6-2 6-1 on Friday.
Halep, who lost to Kasatkina in the second round of last month's Wuhan Open, was never at risk of suffering a second consecutive defeat by the 20-year-old, sending down 19 winners to wrap up the win in just over an hour.
"I think I played much better than Wuhan," the Romanian said after the match. "I changed tactics and worked pretty well. I just played my game and my style, and I was very consistent and solid as well."
The tournament in Beijing has already seen Halep register a first career victory over Russian Maria Sharapova, and the second seed now has an opportunity to level their head-to-head with Jelena Ostapenko, who beat them in this year's French Open final.
The mercurial Latvian bested Sorana Cirstea 6-4 6-4 in an error-strewn quarter-final that saw both players struggling to hold serve.
Ostapenko made a typically high 33 unforced errors, but their powerful forehand kept them out of trouble against Romanian Cirstea, who is also their doubles partner.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Twice-Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova fought off fatigue to dominate Czech compatriot Barbora Strycova 6-3 6-4 and reach their third Beijing semi-final.
Kvitova, who produced 33 winners offset by 43 unforced errors, said they were tired but very happy with the victory, and will meet Caroline Garcia in the last four.
"I couldn't just imagine this coming to Asia," Kvitova said. "I'm already happy. I love these big matches anyway, so I will do my best tomorrow.
"I felt a little bit tired today maybe. On the court I felt pretty slow. Maybe I wasn't, but that was my feeling. Sometimes it's pretty confusing."
Garcia came through a gruelling contest that stretched for three hours and 21 minutes against world number three Elina Svitolina of Ukraine in the day's final match.
Playing with their right thigh heavily strapped, the Frenchwoman lost the first set, but clung on as the clock at the National Tennis Stadium ticked past midnight to prevail 6-7(5) 7-5 7-6(6).
(Writing by Simon Jennings in Bengaluru; Editing by Christian Radnedge)
click to enlarge Mitchell McCoy/KARK
GIFT WRAPPED: Judge Wendell Griffen portraying a condemned prisoner on a gurney at anti-death penalty demonstration Friday outside Governor's Mansion.
"Judges should maintain the dignity of judicial office at all times, and avoid both impropriety and the appearance of impropriety in their professional and personal lives. They should aspire at all times to conduct that ensures the greatest possible public confidence in their independence, impartiality, integrity, and confidence."
Thehas barredfrom hearing any cases involving the death penalty or the state's execution protocol. The Court said it would reassign cases currently before Griffen.The per curiam order cites the preamble of the Arkansas Code of Judicial Conduct:The Court referred Griffen to the Judicial Discipline and Disability Commission (JDDC) to consider whether they violated the Code of Judicial Conduct.Griffen had granted a temporary restraining order against the Arkansas Department of Correction from using vecuronium bromide as a part of its three-drug execution protocol in response to a lawsuit filed by the drug's supplier,. McKesson later asked Griffen to dismiss its lawsuit against the ADC and lift the temporary restraining order in light of the federal preliminary injunction stopping executions. So, as this relates to the question of whether the state will be able to execute seven men this week, this move by the Court isn't that meaningful. As long as the federal court injunction, now on appeal in federal appeals court, stays in place, this lawsuit us moot.Griffen went to protest outside the Governor's Mansion on Friday shortly after granting the temporary restraining order, prompting an outpouring of criticism.quickly issued the following press release:
After Saturday's violence in Charlottesville, many local religious leaders had to stand up Sunday and give sermons.
Even though they are from different religions, their message was the same.
"People choose to hate and people choose to love," believes Reverend Linda Hunsaker of First Christian Church.
Rev. Hunsaker says she's calling on their community to do more.
"We can't just sit in our pews and worship on Sunday," they explain. "We have to be out on the community the rest of the time saying 'no hate, only love.'"
Across the river in Moline, the Reverend Larry Conway is the senior pastor at Trinity Lutheran Church.
A retired U.S. Army chaplain, they spent time tracking hate groups as part of their military service.
They say most groups use violence as a tactic.
"If you can intimidate a population they can remain silent and allow you to do whatever you want," Rev. Conway says.
Rabbi Henry Karp is a part of One Human Family QCA, an organization devoted to stopping these acts of violence.
"Charlottesville is a cautionary tale for our community," Rabbi Karp says. "These are the same people that gave you the Holocaust."
Their mission is to join together others in the community to speak out against hate groups.
"If we stand by, say nothing, and do nothing, we are just giving them permission to carry their message forward," the rabbi says.
All of the leaders are inviting members of the community to Vander Veer Park on Wednesday at 12:15pm for a peace really.
- Advertisement -
Barcelona star Lionel Messi is unique and there are no comparisons to the forward, according to team-mate Paco Alcacer.
Messi drew level with Gerd Muller for the most goals for one club in the top five European leagues with their 525th for Barcelona on Sunday.
The Argentina star struck after Luis Suarez's opener as the La Liga giants claimed a 2-0 win over Villarreal.
While Messi was joined by Cristiano Ronaldo on five Ballons d'Or, Alcacer hailed their team-mate, insisting there was no comparison to the 30-year-old.
- Advertisement -
“I have no words for Leo.  They are unique. There is no other in the world like him,” they told Barça TV.
“There are no adjectives to describe this player.”
The win over Villarreal was Barça's 12th in 15 league games as they stayed five points clear at the top.
Alcacer praised Messi and Suarez for making the difference against the 10-man hosts.
“In the end we are 11 players. It is clear if you come on, you are fresher and can open more spaces,” they said.
“But it is won by the collective and because we have the two best forwards in the world that make the difference.”
Alec Baldwin, who's been playing Donald Trump on “Saturday Night Live,” impersonated another famous person off-camera this week.
Spies at that B'way show “Cats” said that Baldwin visited the cast backstage and “broke out into a flamboyantly British imitation of the show's creator, Andrew Lloyd Webber.”
“After a few photos . . . they donned a pink ‘kitty' hat for one,” a spy said. “He FaceTimed their 3-year-old [Carmen], so they could ‘meet the kitties.' ” They pointed at an actor and exclaimed, “I want that one!” we hear.
BURFORD - The Brant Rod and Gun Club will hold its fifth annual Brant Eco Conference on Feb. 25 at its headquarters on Henderson Road.
The theme for the daylong event is: Everything is Connected to Everything Else.
Taking part in the conference, which also marks the club's 80th anniversary, will be environmentalists and officials from the Ministry of Natural Resources and Forestry and the Grand River Conservation Authority.
"We're drawing a wide variety of people who are interested in what's going on around them and beyond them," said club spokesperson Bruce Hill.
"They are interested in our streams and our forests. It's a good forum for people to meet and talk, and exchange ideas every year."
Leading off the list of speakers at 9 a.m. will be Dan Werner of Six Nations-based Kayanase (Restoring Mother Nature). They will talk about the organization's effort to rehabilitate natural spaces following development projects.
They will be followed at 9:40 a.m. by Dwight Boyd, director of engineering with the GRCA, with a presentation entitled: Reservoir Operations in 2016: Managing Competing Demands for Water in a Dry Year. Boyd oversees the authority's dam.
At 10.40 a.m., Ken Cornelisse, partnership specialist with the ministry, will have a fisheries management update.
Here's the rest of the lineup:
11:20 a.m. - Kurt Oldenburg, fisheries ecology supervisor with the ministry's Lake Erie management unit at Port Dover, will talk about the Great Lakes acoustic telemetry observation system to measure fish movement.
1 p.m. - Maya Basedo of the Ontario Hawking Club, will speak about the environmental aspects of falconry. They will be accompanied by their falcon, Roxy.
1:40 p.m. - Dr. Doug Campbell, a pathologist with the Canadian Wildlife Health Co-operative at the Ontario Veterinary College, University of Guelph, will make a presentation entitled: The changing face of wildlife disease in Ontario.
2:20 p.m. - Casey Whitelock, director on the board of the Long Point World Biosphere Reserve Foundation, will speak on 30 years of restoring ecological and social connections to the Long Point Biosphere. It's the biosphere's 30th anniversary
3 p.m. - Smera Sukumar, conservation assistant at Ontario Nature, will offer a talk entitled: Maps, Apps and Amphibians: Conservation Tools and the Ontario Reptile and Amphibian Atlas.
Hill said the conference also will feature "amazing' displays by a host of groups. They include the Rural Water Quality Program, managed by the GRCA on behalf of contributing municipalities, Trout Unlimited Middle Chapter of the Grand River, the Ontario Federation of Anglers and Hunters, a display on rabies by the ministry's wildlife research monitoring section, the Brant Woodlot Association, and the Alternative Land Use System's presentation focusing on invasive species and dealing with coyotes with rabies.
MMarion@postmedia.com
Twitter.com.EXPMarion
CAIRO: Islamic State claimed responsibility on Monday for a New Year's Day mass shooting in a packed Istanbul nightclub that killed 39 people, an attack carried out by a lone gunman who remains at large.
The jihadist group made the claim in a statement on one of its Telegram channels, a method it has used to claim attacks in the past. There was no immediate comment from Turkish officials.
"In continuation of the blessed operations that Islamic State is conducting against the protector of the cross, Turkey, a heroic soldier of the caliphate struck one of the most famous nightclubs where the Christians celebrate their apostate holiday," the statement said.
NATO member Turkey is part of the U.S.-led coalition against Islamic State and launched an incursion into Syria in August to drive the radical Sunni militants from its borders.
The authorities believe the assailant may be from a Central Asian nation and suspect they had links to Islamic State, Turkey's Hurriyet newspaper said. Police distributed a hazy black-and-white photo of the alleged attacker taken from security footage.
The shooting at the Reina nightclub on the shores of Istanbul's Bosphorus waterway shook Turkey as it tries to recover from a failed July coup and a series of deadly bombings in cities including Istanbul and the capital Ankara, some blamed on Islamic State and others claimed by Kurdish militants.
Some people jumped into the Bosphorus to save themselves after the attacker began shooting at random just over an hour into the new year. Witnesses described diving under tables as they walked around spraying bullets from an automatic rifle.
Nationals of Saudi Arabia, Morocco, Lebanon, Libya, Israel, India, a Turkish-Belgian dual citizen and a Franco-Tunisian woman were among those killed, officials said. Saudi newspaper al-Riyadh said five of the dead were from Saudi Arabia.
Security services had been on alert across Europe for new year celebrations following an attack on a Christmas market in Berlin that killed 12 people. Only days ago, an online message from a pro-Islamic State group called for attacks by "lone wolves" on "celebrations, gatherings and clubs".
(Reporting by Ahmed Aboulenein and Ahmed Tolba; Editing by Giles Elgood and Ralph Boulton)
SHANGHAI: German carmaker Volkswagen AG's China sales are set to grow at least 4-5 percent this year, the automaker's China chief said on Tuesday.
China Chief Executive Jochem Heizmann also said the firm was looking to quickly resolve concerns among some Chinese dealers of its Audi AG cars over a tie-up with SAIC Motor Corp Ltd .
The China Association of Automobile Manufacturers (CAAM)predicted in January overall car sales would rise 5 percent this year, slowing from the 13.7 percent growth in 2016 due to the rollback of a tax incentive for small-engine cars.
(Reporting by Jake Spring; Writing by Adam Jourdan; Editing by Stephen Coates)
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Volkswagen plans to start offering car sharing services using fully electric vehicles in German cities next year as part of efforts to serve consumers who don't want to buy their own vehicles.
FRANKFURT: Volkswagen plans to start offering car sharing services using fully electric vehicles in German cities next year as part of efforts to serve consumers who don't want to buy their own vehicles.
Its offering will compete in its home market with DriveNow and Car2Go, the soon-to-be-merged carsharing services of BMW and Daimler .
Advertisement
Volkswagen said on Wednesday the new carsharing service would be expanded to major cities in Europe, North America and Asia as early as 2020 and focus on core VW brand cars.
VW is seeking to move on from its diesel emissions scandal of 2015, the repercussions of which are still being felt across the German car industry, and focus on greener technologies.
It set up mobility services division Moia in 2016, which focuses on ride hailing and carpooling and which will be complemented by the new carsharing service.
New CEO Herbert Diess, who took office in April, said it was vital for VW "to pick up speed and make an unmistakable mark" in areas including new mobility services which VW wants to contribute a significant share to future group business.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Renault announced plans on Wednesday to launch a ride-hailing and car-sharing scheme covering the French capital and its surrounding areas from September.
Renault and Peugeot-maker PSA are vying to offer a car sharing scheme in Paris to replace Autolib, the electric car sharing service run by French tycoon Vincent Bollore's group that was recently ditched by local authorities after a dispute.
(Reporting by Maria Sheahan; Editing by Keith Weir)
NEW YORK (WIVB) – Individuals who have remained crime-free for ten years will be able to request that certain New York State convictions be sealed starting Saturday.
A provision in New York's “Raise the Age” law will allow eligible individuals to seal up to two misdemeanor convictions, one misdemeanor and one felony conviction, or one felony conviction.
To be eligible, individuals must have no convictions on their record for at lease ten years and have no charges pending.
People who were incarcerated may not apply to have their charges sealed until a decade after their release date.
Convictions for sex crimes, any offense requiring registration as a sex offender, child pornography, murder, manslaughter, homicide, certain conspiracy charges, and Class A or violent felonies will not be eligible for sealing.
The provision is designed to help “eliminate unnecessary barriers to opportunity and employment that formally incarcerated individuals face and to improve the fairness and effectiveness of the state's criminal justice system,” a press release from Gov. Andrew Cuomo's office said Friday.
Islamabad - Mandwa Film Club Lok Virsa organised screening of American epic, historical film “Gone with the Wind” in connection with New Year at Media Centre.
A large number of people from twin cities participated in the film screening.
Film ‘Gone with the Wind' was adapted from Margaret Mitchell's 1936 novel. It was produced by David O Selznick of Selznick International Pictures and directed by Victor Fleming. Set in the American South against the backdrop of the American Civil War and Reconstruction era.
The film tells the story of Scarlett O'Hara, the strong-willed daughter of a Georgia plantation owner, from their romantic pursuit of Ashley Wilkes, who is married to their cousin, Melanie Hamilton, to their marriage to Rhett Butler.
The leading roles are portrayed by Vivien Leigh (Scarlett), Clark Gable (Rhett), Leslie Howard (Ashley), and Olivia de Havilland (Melanie).
The casting was widely praised and many reviewers found “Leigh” especially suited to their role as Scarlett.
If you have a phone with wireless charging capabilities and aren't using a wireless charging pad, it's time to change that. Amazon currently has Samsung's Qi fast wireless charging pad on sale for just $24.99, which is the lowest price it has ever sold for. You can pick one up in either black or white right now. Recently, it's been averaging around $35, but has sold for as much as $70 in the past. Best Buy has it priced at $50 right now.
Authorities say they busted a local drug ring that was importing large amounts of heroin and crack cocaine from Bronx, New York, by concealing the narcotics inside the bodies of female associates.
Police have arrested 10 suspected drug dealers so far and continue to hunt for several others.
Investigators identified the ringleader as Charles Gibson, 37, known on the streets as “Bucky” and “Bro.” They say they traveled back to a Bronx barber shop every few days to replenish their drug supply to sell in Luzerne County.
Arrest papers say investigators set up a plan to nab Gibson last week when they were returning from one of their drug runs. They were wanted for selling drugs to undercover informants, police said. They pulled their vehicle over on Route 115 in Wilkes-Barre Township.
Police said Gibson's two passengers — their girlfriend Tanay Jones, 25, of Bronx, New York, and associate Kassandra Martin, 35, of Wilkes-Barre — later acknowledged having drugs hidden in body cavities, arrest papers say.
Martin was also charged with aggravated assault for a Dec. 13 incident at the female strip search area of the county prison when police say they fought with an officer while trying to hide smuggled drugs inside herself. The female officer suffered a broken back, police said.
Arrest papers say confidential informants told police that it was known that Gibson had female associates put their drugs inside their bodies to hide it from police during transport.
Court documents say the arrests were the result of a joint investigation by the Kingston police narcotics division, the state police, the Luzerne County Drug Task Force and the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives.
The others arrested as part of the investigation include:
• Bronx residents John “Goose” Maybank, 24, and Luis “JB” Nevarez, 18, identified as Gibson's main drug runners.
• Allen Shotwell, 29, and their wife Kristyna, 29, of 73 High St., Plymouth, the site of several alleged drug deals.
• William Waring, 25, of Bronx, New York, accused of delivering drugs to 73 High St. twice while investigator had the home under surveillance.
• Adam D. Gottstein, 30, of 15 S. Welles Ave. in Kingston, who was accused of selling heroin to a confidential informant
• Cara Dubaskas, 24, of 615 Lee St., Plymouth, who is accused of selling heroin to a confidential informant at 15 S. Welles Ave. in Kingston.
Maybank and Nevarez were arrested a month ago and jailed in the Luzerne County Correctional Facility. Magisterial District Judge Daniel O'Donnell set Maybank's bail at $50,000 cash. Magisterial District Judge David Barilla set Nevarez's bail at $100,000 cash.
Magisterial District Judge Donald Whittaker arraigned the other eight suspects last week, ordering them lodged in jail for failure to post $250,000 cash bail.
bkalinowski@citizensvoice.com
570-821-2055, @cvbobkal
Tom, Lisa, Sophie, and Jack stumble across the find of a lifetime — Leonardo da Vinci's codex full of sketches, writings, and calculations. Now they have a choice: do they sell it and become richer beyond their wildest dreams, or do they try to decode the journal and figure out what Leonardo was up to?
Secret Scouts and the Lost Leonardo is like The Goonies meets The Da Vinci Code – a time travel tale with an underpinning in fact – and a dazzling trailer (which suggests it would make one ripping movie).
Tom and Jack want to sell the book, but sisters Lisa and Sophie have other ideas. What they discover within the codex is the science behind time travel. But when they put the calculations to the test, they find out just how dangerous this secret can truly be.
Secret Scouts and the Lost Leonardo will be available on October 23, 2018. In the meantime, it is on pre-order from Amazon, Barnes & Noble, or IndieBound. Learn more at SecretScouts.com
Like this: Like Loading...
By Abby Hassler
Officials unsealed court documents Monday (April 17) to reveal details surrounding the first searches of Prince's Paisley Park estate following their untimely death.
Related: Prince's Ex-Wife Mayte Garcia Says Memoir is not a Tell-All
The unsealed search warrants don't confirm the source of the drug, fentanyl, that led to the 57-year-old singer's accidental, self-administered overdose last April, according to The Star Tribune.
Investigators found no prescriptions in Prince's name, however, Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg told detectives they had written a prescription for oxycodone, which is also an opioid, under the name of long-time Prince associate and drummer Kirk Johnson.
Between April 21 and Sept. 19, 2016, Carver County authorities conducted investigations into Prince's death with a total of 11 search warrants.
BERLIN: German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Monday called for speedy efforts to form a stable new government with Social Democrats (SPD) and said their conservative party saw areas of common ground on domestic reform and Europe.
Merkel said renewing the "grand coalition" that ruled Germany for the past four years was a "historic necessity" that would best position Germany to work with France to strengthen the European Union before the next European elections in 2019.
"The world is waiting for us to be able to act," they told journalists after meeting leaders of their Christian Democrats (CDU) to agree on core demands for negotiations on a new government. "It's a historic necessity given the external circumstances."
The conservatives are trying to hammer out a deal with the SPD without conceding too much on policy or spending plans, after failing to strike a deal with two smaller parties.
Conservatives will meet for initial talks with the SPD on Wednesday, with SPD leaders to decide on Friday whether to launch formal exploratory talks.
But hopes that cash from Germany's buoyant economy would make it easier to paper over the parties' differences diminished on Monday when an official advisory council warned that surpluses were needed to cover future downturns.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The SPD, bruised by its worst-ever post-war election results and anxious to stake out a left-wing social policy profile that differentiates them from conservatives, wants commitments to spend more on education and combat poverty.
But the Stability Council, comprised of representatives of Germany's federal and regional governments, warned that surpluses were the result of a higher tax take from the booming economy and would decline in a downturn.
"The favourable budget situation should be used to make provisions for later years," the council said.
SPD Secretary General Lars Klingbeil told ARD television their party was open to all possibilities, including a renewed coalition with conservatives or a minority government.
"The ball is now in Mrs. Merkel's court," Klingbeil said, adding that the pace of negotiations depended to a large extent on demands articulated by the CDU and its Bavarian sister party, the Christian Social Union (CSU).
Merkel sketched out areas of possible agreement on jobs, the economy and health care, saying it was clear to both sides that changes were needed after the Sept. 24 elections, which saw both political blocs lose substantial support.
They said CDU leaders agreed on the need for a grand coalition as opposed to a minority government, to strengthen the European Union at a time of increasing geopolitical challenges from Russia and China, the United States' increasing retreat from multilateral institutions, and Middle East conflicts.
They said conservatives supported strengthening ties with France, including work on a joint corporate tax policy by 2025, increased collaboration on digitisation and efforts to harmonise arms export policies.
Senior conservatives on Saturday rejected the vision for a "United States of Europe" put forward by SPD leader Martin Schulz, with many warning the SPD against jeopardising the chances of agreement by making excessive demands.
But Merkel said there was "a lot of common ground" with the SPD on Europe.
A poll published on Monday by broadcaster RTL and n-tv showed 71 percent of SPD members welcomed the party's decision to talk with conservatives about forming a new ruling coalition, while 81 percent wanted the party to conduct tough negotiations.
(Additional reporting by Gernot Heller, Thomas Escritt and Andreas Rinke; Editing by Matthew Mpoke Bigg)
A robber with remarkably bad timing was sentenced to two years less a day in jail for hitting two convenience stores last March 9.
Francisco Rego, 32, of Brantford, was running from their second robbery of the day when a nearby patrolling officer, got the call. The officer was able arrest Rego without incident.
An investigation turned up cash, a knife and a bandana used at both robberies.
Rego pleaded guilty in Ontario Court in January to robbery, disguise with intent to commit a crime and possession of an illegal substance.
They were sentenced by Justice Robert Gee to the time they had already served, credited as 57 days, plus two more years in jail. Rego was ordered to submit a sample of their DNA for the national offenders registry, remain on probation for a year and make restitution of $400.
Woman sent to jail
A 21-year-old woman who participated in an online dating scam was sentenced to three months in jail on top of the week they had already spent there.
Whitney L. Demelo pleaded guilty to robbery, forcible confinement and use of a firearm during an offence for their part in luring an Oshawa man to Brantford last May 8.
After meeting online, the man met Demelo at a Colborne Street East motel where they were confronted by two men who had been hiding in the bathroom. One man had a knife and the other a gun.
The victim wasn't hurt but their jewelry and cellphone were stolen.
Justice Colette Good ordered Demelo to remain on probation for two years, give a sample of their DNA to the national offenders registry and pay $7,883.33 in restitution.
Demelo also pleaded guilty to theft under $5,000 in connection with a Jan. 25 crime last year and was given a suspended sentence but ordered to make restitution of $1,000.
Assaulted woman
A Brantford man who had a bad breakup with their girlfriend pleaded guilty to assaulting them Alexander P. Staats, 36, pleaded guilty in court to assault after police were called by witnesses who saw them hit the woman with a three-foot section of window blinds and a coffee mug.
The Oct. 4 argument, which included Staats throwing the woman's belongings on the street, ended with Staats in jail until their trial.
They were sentenced to their time served of 108 days, credited as 162 days, by Justice Kevin Sherwood, who also ordered that they remain on probation for 18 months and submit a sample of their DNA to the national offenders registry.
Trafficker jailed
A Henry Street man who pleaded guilty to possession of illegal substances for the purposes of trafficking was sentenced to jail last month. Jonathan Gary Stevens, 34, was arrested on Dec. 4 for having enough methamphetamine to sell to others. They were sentenced Jan. 20 by Justice Robert Gee, who gave them credit for 70 days of time served and ordered them to serve another 49 days in jail.
Guilty of theft
An Elgin Street man who was caught breaking into a vehicle on Ontario Street at 1 a.m. on Nov. 29 was sentenced to time served. Kyle James Keating, 22, pleaded guilty to theft under $5,000, possession of break-in instruments and a failure to comply with probation orders in January. Keating was sentenced by Justice Robert Gee to the equivalent of 55 days of time already served and ordered to remain on probation for another year.
Breached court order
A man who refused to stay away from their ex-partner was sentenced to three months in jail. Kevin Gary Wilson was arrested by Brant OPP when they were near the woman last April 24 despite an order to stay away. They pleaded guilty to failing to comply with probation and was sentenced by Justice Robert Gee to 82 further days in jail on top of the week of time they had already served. He'll remain on probation for three years.
SGamble@postmedia.com
@EXPSGamble
PARIS: France's scandal-hit presidential candidate Francois Fillon came under renewed attack from within their conservative camp on Wednesday ahead of planned talks with former president Nicolas Sarkozy that Fillon hopes will restore party unity.
Rebel conservative lawmaker Georges Fenech said their The Republicans party faced defeat in the April-May election unless it ditched Fillon.
Fenech has been one of the strongest anti-Fillon voices since an official inquiry into fake work allegations knocked the ex-prime minister's campaign off track three weeks ago.
"I'd love to be wrong but I can't believe any more because I can see on the ground the reaction of the voters. They don't want to vote for us any more," Fenech told Radio Classique.
They were speaking a day after leading a failed bid to force a meeting of the party's executive that could have challenged Fillon's decision to continue their presidential bid.
Fenech referred to a meeting this week between Fillon and their camp as one of "mutual congratulation" in which "nobody wants to tell them the truth - or very few people".
"With that as a starting point we are going to the wall," they said. "There are other people in our party who are respectable, young and have the capacity to run the country."
Fillon had been favourite to win the presidency until allegations in a newspaper three weeks ago that their wife Penelope had been paid hundreds of thousands of euros in taxpayers' money for work they may not have done.
An official inquiry has been launched and the scandal has damaged Fillon's campaign.
With 10 weeks to go until the presidential election, Fillon's place as favourite has been taken by centrist Emmanuel Macron, while far-right National Front leader Marine Le Pen has also gained ground.
Fillon was due to have a lunch meeting later on Wednesday with Sarkozy, whom they beat to the party ticket in a primary in November. Fillon served as prime minister during the Sarkozy presidency of 2007-2012.
(Reporting by Simon Carraud; Writing by Andrew Callus; Editing by Gareth Jones)
NEW YORK: Ride-hailing service Uber Technologies is asking lenders to lower pricing on its US$1.13 billion term loan due in 2023, sources said.
Strong demand for the company's debt has kept bids for the loan above 100 in the secondary market since September 2017, according to LPC data. The loan had an average bid of 100.7 at the start of the week, which typically allows issuers to lower pricing as investors are more eager to hold onto the paper at a lower interest rate than allow it to be refinanced and handed over to someone else.
Advertisement
Uber is tapping its original lenders to cut the interest rate on the loan after deciding to privately place a separate US$1.5 billion term loan with investors in March – an unusual move in the leveraged loan market, which typically relies on investment banks to arrange syndicated deals.
The privately held company has generated huge interest among loan investors due to its massive valuation, which currently stands at US$62 billion based on proposed terms from a secondary stock sale announced last week, as well as the fact that so many people use the service.
A lenders call is scheduled for May 31 at noon. Morgan Stanley is leading with Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Barclays, Citibank, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, JP Morgan, Royal Bank of Canada and SunTrust.
Uber made waves in the leveraged loan market in 2016 when it arranged the loan and priced the debt at 400bp over Libor despite generating negative Ebitda. The leveraged loan market typically requires companies to be generating profits before investors are willing to lend.
Advertisement
Advertisement
As reported by Reuters, Uber lost US$312 million during the first quarter of 2018, less than half of the US$775 million loss posted during the fourth quarter of 2017 and substantially less than the US$598 million loss reported during the same quarter a year ago.
Investors were eager to buy the loan when it came to the market due to the buzz generated by the popular startup, allowing the company to increase the size to US$1.15 billion from US$1 billion during syndication. The loan was later criticised by federal regulators, as reported.
Federal banking regulators implemented Leveraged Lending Guidance in 2013 that more closely examined loans with leverage of greater than 6 times debt to Ebitda and required banks to make sure issuers can pay down all senior debt, or at least half of all debt, within five to seven years.
Comptroller of the Currency Joseph Otting, one of the heads of the regulators responsible for overseeing the guidelines, said last week that banks have the flexibility to underwrite loans outside those parameters if they do it in a "safe and sound manner."
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
After banks were criticized for the original loan, Uber privately placed the separate US$1.5 billion seven-year term loan with investors in March using Cortland Capital Market Services as the administrative agent in an effort to evade more scrutiny from banking regulators.
The company increased the size of that loan to US$1.5 billion from US$1.25 billion and lowered pricing to the same rate of 400bp over Libor from initial guidance in the 425bp-450bp over Libor range.
The loan placed directly is also currently seeing a bid of 100.7, according to LPC data.
(Reporting by Jonathan Schwarzberg; Editing by Michelle Sierra and Lynn Adler)
Zimbabwe's Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa, a possible successor to 94-year-old President Robert Mugabe, is unwell and had been taken to a hospital in South Africa.
HARARE: Zimbabwe's Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa, a possible successor to 94-year-old President Robert Mugabe, is unwell and had been taken to a hospital in South Africa.
Mugabe made the announcement on Monday when Mnangagwa was absent from celebrations to mark Heroes Day in the capital Harare
"He is not back yet from hospital in Johannesburg," Mugabe said during their speech at the national Heroes Acre. They did not give details.
Mnangagwa and Pelekezela Mphoko are Mugabe's vice presidents in the ruling party and government but the former is seen as the likely successor following elevation to the post in 2014.
The issue of who will succeed Mugabe has deeply divided the ruling party, with two factions - one supporting Mnangagwa, the other Mugabe's wife Grace.
Local private media reported that Mnangagwa had suffered suspected food poisoning.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Nicknamed "Crocodile" in the Shona language, Mnangagwa was appointed after the sacking of Joice Mujuru, who had held the position for 10 years.
Mujuru has since formed a party that is part of a coalition to challenge Mugabe.
(Reporting by MacDonald Dzirutwe; Editing by James Macharia/Jeremy Gaunt)
Another week of anger and frustration. Another week of waiting and wondering. And another week of being the butt of jokes. Such is the current state of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
It pains me to say this. But following Hamilton's 39-12 loss against the Winnipeg Blue Bombers on Saturday night, the Ticats have once again become the laughingstock of the Canadian Football League.
Nobody in Hamilton wants to admit that, let alone even think that, but the proof is in the pudding.
Zero wins, seven losses, coaching changes, lineup changes, and despite a couple of near wins against Edmonton, Hamilton hasn't been a competitive unit in 2017.
READ MORE: Ticats struggle again and fall to 0-7 with loss to Winnipeg
You can blame head coach Kent Austin, or the recruiting staff, or the offensive line, or the defence, or even the water boy. But fans know that you win as a team and you lose as a team, and the 2017 Tiger-Cats have the losing thing down pat.
The sad part is “fixing” just one part of this team isn't going to fix this mess.
READ MORE: COMMENTARY: How will Ticats respond after tumultuous week?
Hamilton has lost their last 10 games dating back to last season, which includes the Eastern Division Semifinal vs. the Eskimos. In their last 18 games, the Cats have come away with a victory just three times.
They should be, I say “should be,” better than 3-15. And so much for home cookin'. The Ticats have lost their last eight games at Tim Hortons Field. In essence, the last eight times that you have dug deep into your pocket to pay to be entertained by the Black & Gold, you've likely come away with a bad taste in your mouth.
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_mobile', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '2466', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "top","page": "live","sport": "22","recurring_event": "844","competition": "427","sponso": "on","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "top","page": "live","sport": "22","recurring_event": "844","competition": "427","sponso": "on","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
Auckland councillors pay tribute to 'good friend' Dick Quax
JACKSON THOMAS/STUFF Auckland councillors have paid tribute to NZ running great Dick Quax.
Auckland Council has paid tribute to New Zealand running great, and Auckland councillor, Dick Quax.
Mayor Phil Goff on Thursday called for a moment of silence to acknowledge the former Manukau City and Auckland city Councillor at the first council meeting since their death.
"The suddenness of their passing has come as a real shock," Goff said
PETER MEECHAM/STUFF Auckland Council will vote on its 10-year budget plan today.
"For those of us who remember the seventies they were a sporting icon for New Zealand and one of this country's finest athletes."
READ MORE:
* Dick Quax's health warning: Get yourself checked
* Dick Quax dies, aged 70, after long cancer battle
Goff noted that the two of them did not agree on everything but said Quax was a good friend and always able to put political feuds aside to connect with people on a personal level about sport, friends and family.
The tributes came ahead of the council's 10-year budget discussions which will include a landmark vote on a 11.5 per cent regional fuel tax.
Quax died at Auckland's Middlemore Hospital on Monday morning after a career in both athletics and local body politics.
They became an Olympic 5000m silver medallist at the 1976 Montreal Games and broke the world record for 5000m in 1977, clocking 13min 12.9sec at a race in Stockholm, Sweden.
Quax was also a Manukau City councillor from 2001 to 2007, stood for the mayoralty once, and served as an Auckland councillor since 2011.
Sharon Stewart, Quax's fellow Howick councillor, proposed to name a walkway after the councillor and athlete.
"On Monday I lost a really good friend and a colleague," they said.
"Dick had very strong views for what they thought was right and they aren't afraid to express it right to the end."
Linda Cooper said Quax was so passionate about representing their local community they were still sending queries to them about council consents at 8.01pm on Friday, three days before their death.
"He's here today in the room still looking out for people."
- Stuff
NEW YORK (AP) — The no-frills supermarket chain Lidl is opening its first wave of stores in the U.S. this summer, ahead of schedule.
The Germany-based chain has plans to open up to 100 stores across the East Coast within a year.
The details of the expansion, announced Wednesday, come as Wal-Mart and traditional grocery chains already are seeing a stronger threat from German low-priced retailer Aldi, which is aggressively expanding and now has more than 1,600 U.S. stores. Both offer low prices with a focus on store label products rather than name brands.
The first 20 Lidl stores will be opening in North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia, where the company established its first U.S. headquarters in 2015. Originally, it planned to open its first batch of U.S. stores no later than 2018.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
A woman who told police their life and that of their infant were in danger is safe and a man is charged with kidnapping after officers made a high-risk arrest outside of Saskatoon.
A person called Saskatoon RCMP just after 9:15 a.m. CT Tuesday stating a woman was in the back seat of a vehicle screaming for help.
READ MORE: Saskatchewan had the highest violent crime rate in 2016: Statistics Canada
The caller told police the vehicle was heading southbound on Clarence Avenue, south of the city and was able to give a description of the vehicle and driver.
Multiple police units immediately set up a perimeter in the area and started a grid search.
While the search was underway, the woman called Saskatoon police and said both them and their infants' lives were in danger.
RCMP located the vehicle around a half hour after the initial call came in and made a high-risk arrest.
Both the woman and infant were uninjured.
READ MORE: Broadview RCMP search for man after attempted abduction of girl on playground
A 27-year-old Saskatoon man has been charged with kidnapping, forcible confinement, utter threats, breach of an undertaking and possession of a controlled substance.
They were scheduled to appear Wednesday morning in Saskatoon provincial court.
Police said they will not release their name to protect the identity of the victims.
The Teen Choice Awards, always a bubble of teenage celebration, took time out during Sunday night's ceremony to consider the world its young audience will inherit.
Hashtags, surfboards and loud shrieks dominated the Teen Choice Awards, as usual, with YouTube star Jake Paul presiding over a show designed to be tweeted, Snapchatted and put on Instagram. But with the two-hour broadcast coming a day after the violence at a rally of white nationalists in Charlottesville, Virginia, some winners pleaded for teen viewers to do better than their elders.
“With all the injustice and the hatred and everything that's happened not only in the world but in our country right now, I need for you young people, I need you guys to be educated. I need you to listen. I need you to pay attention,” said “Spider-Man: Homecoming” actor Zendaya, accepting an award for best summer movie actor.
“You are the future presidents, the future senators,” they added, clutching the show's trademark surfboard award. “You guys are the ones who are going to make this world better.”
The music performance-stuffed show, broadcast live on Fox from Los Angeles, followed a three-hour “Teen Fest” concert in downtown Los Angeles that was streamed on YouTube.
Miley Cyrus, an 18-time Teen Choice award winner, was to receive the ceremony's highest honor, the Ultimate Choice Award. But they were announced as a last-minute cancellation early in the ceremony. “I know,” said presenter Victoria Justice. “It's a bummer.” (Cyrus apologized on Twitter saying they created “an unrealistic schedule for myself.”)
Many of the other biggest names either sent video acceptances (Bruno Mars, Gal Gadot) or were merely announced as winners (Beyonce, Zac Efron, Ariana Grande). One notable exception was Chris Pratt, who dropped by to accept their two movie awards. Pratt and their wife, Anna Faris, recently announced their separation.
That still left many teen idols for the crowd to cheer, including the cast of the CW drama series “Riverdale” (winner of seven awards) and the group Fifth Harmony, the winner of the best music group and song.
“In light of recent events, we just wanted to say to all of the young ones at home watching, no matter who you are, where you come from or what you look like, you are beautiful and you are important,” said the group's Lauren Jauregui. “So keep spreading love and positivity.”
The prominent role for Paul was a big moment for him, too. In late July Paul departed the Disney Channel series “Bizaardvark” after reports that they were feuding with their West Hollywood, California, neighbors.
“The past few months have humbled me quite a bit. I had to be more mindful of my words and actions and how they impact others,” said Paul while accepting their own pair of awards for best YouTuber and web star. “The next step for me is to forget all the bad press, drama, negativity.”
Rock band Maroon 5 was honored with the decade award. Other winners included Dwayne Johnson for “Moana,” Lucy Hale for “Pretty Little Liars” and Ed Sheeran for best male song.
Tom Lounsbury: Call the 'Critter Gitter'
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-3', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 3', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 Chad Seley shows a family of raccoons that they live-trapped in a municipal building. (Tom Lounsbury/Hearst Michigan) Chad Seley shows a family of raccoons that they live-trapped in a municipal building. (Tom Lounsbury/Hearst Michigan) Image 2 of 3 'Critter-Gitter' Chad Seley explains to a homeowner their method of eliminating red squirrels from a fifth-wheel camper. (Tom Lounsbury/Hearst Michigan) 'Critter-Gitter' Chad Seley explains to a homeowner their method of eliminating red squirrels from a fifth-wheel camper. (Tom Lounsbury/Hearst Michigan) Image 3 of 3 Tom Lounsbury: Call the 'Critter Gitter' 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
Spring has certainly sprung, because the orioles (both Baltimore and orchard) are regularly visiting the special feeders around our home and the hummingbirds are joining right in, too.
Rabbits are also evident all around our yard and no doubt are in the process of making even more rabbits.
Our fruit trees are in full blossom with more blossoms than ever, with honeybees buzzing everywhere (I'm very fortunate in this regard with beehives being maintained on my farm).
We have certainly had an unpredictable and unusual spring this year, but things seem to be finally leveling out.
My wife Ginny and I love to watch the wildlife activity around our home and yard, and in our fields, too (the majority of which are in conservation programs).
However, living in the middle of wildlife habitat, as pleasant as it is, can have its own challenges.
It was this time of year, a couple springs ago, that I was making coffee in our upstairs kitchen when I heard the distinct call of young raccoons beckoning to their mother.
It didn't take me long to realize that a family of raccoons had taken up residence in our attic, which isn't a wonderful matter at all, because raccoons can really play havoc inside buildings.
They are quite devious on gaining entry with their very dexterous front paws, and they are real rascals at tearing things up and defecating everywhere.
It is not a pretty picture at all. I've heard of folks with summer residences who, upon opening the doors to their cottages in the spring, discovered total devastation wrought by raccoons.
Being a farm boy who has dealt with wildlife issues all my life (including trapping), I knew that the best recourse in my attic, which isn't easy to access, was a straightforward eviction.
I discovered the raccoon entry/exit point, which was just under the roof next to the chimney, and I left that open as an obvious escape route for the raccoons.
I knew by the raccoon lingo that the young were old enough to accompany their mother in leaving, and with this thought in mind I put three "bug-bombs" at the opposite end of the attic from the raccoons' access point, that would not only get rid of any bugs, but would also abruptly create an intolerable atmosphere for any critters still in the attic.
Sure enough, it didn't take the raccoons long at all to pack their bags and skedaddle out of there. Once I was assured they had vacated the premises, I sealed up their entry point.
My only other recourse, which is usually the case in matters such as this, would have been to use traps to eliminate the problem.
But I was left with an obvious and convenient option and the reality is, I got lucky.
Dealing with problem-causing wildlife can be a true challenge for homeowners, even in a municipal environment. Raccoons, for instance, don't have any problem living in town.
Squirrels can also be a real issue if they can get into a building. Their capacity to wreak havoc is identical to that of a horde of rats.
The most notorious squirrel is the little red squirrel because, due to its smaller size, it can gain access through unbelievably tight areas.
Woodchucks, too (which are also in the squirrel family), are notorious for tunneling under and near buildings, and when you realize that one of their dens by itself can displace over 5,000 pounds of soil, they certainly can be rough on any foundation and even cement floors.
A woodchuck, with its friends and relatives living close by, can become a serious issue in a hurry, and there is usually more than one.
Then there are skunks and opossums that believe they are welcome anywhere, and let us not forget moles, which can have a great deal of fun "lawn-time" while making their maze of just-under-the-sod tunnels.
I frequently get calls from distraught homeowners seeking a bit of relief. That is when I refer them to what I call a "Critter-Gitter," who is a professional that can accurately read animal sign and know what critter they are dealing with and how best to handle the situation according to the lay of the ground, including associated circumstances (and pets).
This requires a particular talent, not to mention a bit of seasoning, and most Critter-Gitters I know are also avid fur trappers and my kind of folks, really. (The Michigan DNR has a list of nuisance animal control experts and contact information on its website, www.michigan.gov/dnr.)
A Critter-Gitter I've known for some time now and whom I never hesitate to recommend to local homeowners is Chad Seley of Elkton, who owns and operates "Nuisance Animal Control Service."
Seley has been in that business since 1990 and is also an avid fur trapper during the winter.
Trapping, to him, is actually an art form that they have never tired from, and whether they are fur trapping or going after nuisance animals, there is always a sense of excitement and anticipation when they check their traps to see if they have outwitted the critter they are after.
Some critters aren't that easy to trap. I've known some raccoons that were instinctively very trap-wise, but constructive persistence finally paid off.
One important matter that a Critter-Gitter has to take into consideration is whether or not any pets are roaming the area that is to be trapped, and this will determine the type of trap to use.
In many cases, this will involve a "live-trap," which simply entraps the animal in a metal, rectangular cage, and if it happens to be a pet, it can be easily released unharmed (the most common pets I've encountered are cats, even when the live-trap is baited with something a cat wouldn't like, such as a cob of corn for raccoons or broccoli for woodchucks - cats are naturally curious and nosey critters).
As Seley will tell you, there are economy live-traps and there are quality live-traps. Raccoons and woodchucks, for example, can put the hurt on economy models in a hurry, in their effort to escape.
When pets aren't an issue, the best trap to use is a kill type that does a quick and humane job. Woodchucks, for instance, even though they tunnel around for a living, don't necessarily like to enter a live-trap, despite the tantalizing bait.
I can't tell you why, but if you don't know what you are doing, woodchucks will even insult you by throwing dirt on your set-up. They are full-time participants in their particular environment, and can easily sense when something is amiss.
This is when a professional is required to resolve the issue. (It is actually illegal for private citizens to trap woodchucks in Michigan, with the exception being certified nuisance animal control professionals.)
I can remember getting a call from a local homeowner who discovered some wild critter was digging a hole in their well house, and something had obviously just invaded their nice fifth-wheel camper they were hoping to sell.
This homeowner had been calling around to locate a professional to resolve the issue, and had had no luck, other than one business which said they could send someone out of Saginaw to come and evaluate the situation, but for a charge.
I knew right away that they needed a seasoned, local Critter-Gitter who would immediately resolve their nuisance wildlife issues. I put them in contact with Seley, who got on the job in short order (with a cell phone on hand, Seley's truck is often their office because this is a busy time of year for him).
I had asked Seley to let me know when they were at the homeowner's place, so I could check out their techniques and types of traps. Seley had quickly assessed which critters were the culprits, and had started right in dealing with them.
The culprits invading the camper were red squirrels that had discovered a very small entry point near the air conditioner. I had assumed over the phone that the well house invader was probably a woodchuck, but Seley quickly read the animal sign and knew it was a skunk instead.
Accurately knowing the critter you are dealing with is half the battle, and removing skunks is just part of the job for Seley, who can live-trap and remove them without any smell left behind (Having been sprayed once, skunks are not my cup of tea at all - if I have a skunk issue, I'm calling Seley). Skunks can also play real havoc by digging holes all over a lawn.
Critter-Gitters are definitely handy to have around when nuisance wildlife become a homeowner's problem.
Email Tom Lounsbury at tlounsburyoutdoors@gmail.com
STOCKHOLM: A man in their 20s has been arrested at the airport in the Swedish city of Gothenburg for allegedly trying to travel with explosive material, the police said on Friday (Oct 6).
The man was passing through security control on Thursday morning at Landvetter Airport when the screening showed "something explosive", police spokesperson Peter Adlersson told AFP.
Adlersson, who did not disclose what the suspect was carrying, said they were "going to fly to another EU country".
Swedish daily Aftonbladet said the man was carrying acetone peroxide (TATP), a component of bombs used in several attacks across Europe, including Manchester, Brussels and Paris.
Police are inspecting their belongings to determine if they could have posed a threat, Adlersson said.
Authorities have not disclosed the suspect's identity but the Swedish daily Goteborgs-Posten said they are a German citizen.
Advertisement
Advertisement
They were arrested on suspicion of "attempted public destruction", the public prosecutor's office said in a statement on Friday.
Monday, August 14, 2017 at 1:39 pm |
President Donald Trump delivers a statement on the deadly protests in Charlottesville, at the White House on Monday. (Reuters/Jonathan Ernst)
CHARLOTTESVILLE/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump denounced white supremacists including neo-Nazis and the Ku Klux Klan on Monday, and said racism, hatred and bigotry had no place in America following a violent white-nationalist rally in Virginia.
Trump had been assailed by Republicans and Democrats alike for failing to respond more forcefully to Saturday's violence in Charlottesville, in which a woman was killed when a man crashed their car into a group of counter-protesters.
“Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans,” Trump said in a statement to reporters at the White House.
Critics said Trump had waited too long to address the bloodshed, and slammed them for stating initially that “many sides” were involved, rather than explicitly condemning white supremacists widely seen as sparking the melee.
A 20-year-old man said to have harbored Nazi sympathies as a teenager was facing charges they plowed their car into protesters opposing the white nationalists, killing Heather Heyer and injuring 19 people. The accused, James Alex Fields, was denied bail at an initial court hearing on Monday.
In a strong rebuke to the president, the chief executive of one of the world's largest pharmaceutical companies, Merck & Co Inc, resigned from a business panel led by Trump, citing a need for leadership countering bigotry.
CEO Kenneth Frazier, who is black, did not name Trump or criticize them directly in a statement posted on the drug company's Twitter account, but the rebuke was implicit.
“America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy,” said Frazier.
Uber and its fans hastened Tuesday to declare that, with the long-awaited publication of an investigation of its frat-boy office environment by former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder, the company was ready to move on. As board member Arianna Huffington told an all-hands staff meeting, “This chapter comes to an end today.”
Not so fast, Arianna.
Yes, it's true that Travis Kalanick, the Uber co-founder and CEO who is widely regarded as the sun from whom radiates the company's bullying ethos inside the office and in relations with civic leaders and its drivers, is taking an indefinite leave of absence. The company has fired more than 20 employees in connection with its investigation of sexual harassment claims. That process was launched in February after a former engineer, Susan Fowler, published a horrifying account of life in an organization in which sexual discrimination and harassment were accepted, even glorified, as part of the landscape.
This chapter comes to an end today. — A very optimistic Uber board member Arianna Huffington
Yet the published report by Holder and their law partner Tammy Albarran, which is merely a roster of 47 recommendations for fixing Uber's dysfunctional management and employee culture, doesn't come close to addressing the company's real problems.
Huffington's optimistic statement notwithstanding, people with a serious interest in seeing that happen are unimpressed. Fowler's tweeted response was, “It's all optics.” They added, “I've gotten nothing but aggressive hostility from them” since their account was published.” They noted, in a second tweet, that the
These are more fundamental than the atmosphere in the conference rooms and hallways, and raise real questions about its putative, and dubious, $70-billion valuation as a private company. They involve, first, essential questions about the economics of a company that still hasn't demonstrated a path to profitability (see the analysis by transportation expert Hubert Horan here), but lives on the sufferance of its venture capital financiers. Uber, still a private company, has been giving the public a peek at its financials, which are swathed in red; last month it reported a loss in the first quarter of $708 million on revenue of $2.4 billion, which were both better than the previous quarter. But the company hasn't released year-over-year comparisons, which would be more revealing.
Then there's its relationship with the people who actually make its business go: its drivers. There are an estimated 200,000 of them worldwide, compared to the approximately 12,000 engineers and support staff who work in Uber offices.
The latter are considered employees, the former are not. Instead, they're classified as independent contractors. Even though Uber subjects them to its unilateral fare-setting and sets their working conditions, they pay their own expenses and have virtually no employment rights. From Uber's standpoint, they're cheap labor, which may help make its economic prospects look better than they really are. As a result, says Nayantara Mehta of the National Employment Law Project, “even if the company makes all the changes it needs to make on sexual harassment, discrimination and other bad behavior, that doesn't help the vast majority of Uber's workforce.”
Uber's attitude toward its drivers parallels its approach to laws and regulations, which is that it's above them. Whenever a municipality pushes back, Uber reacts as though that's an affront to the free enterprise—witness its attack, abetted by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, on a Seattle law granting its drivers the right to unionize. (A federal judge has temporarily placed the law on hold.)
Interestingly, the published version of the Holder/Albarran doesn't mention the drivers even once. According to a tape and transcript of Huffington's remarks at Tuesday's staff meeting, they made a single glancing reference to “our driver partners.”
None of this is encouraging, especially the holder report's focus on Uber's internal policies, when the company also needs to rework its external relationships, says Catherine Bracy, executive director of the Bay Area's TechEquity Collaborative. That includes “rethinking how it treats its drivers, taking a more collaborative approach to working with government, developing deep and trusted partnerships with communities, or developing other better business practices,” Bracy told me by email.
The Holder report's recommendations are mostly cosmetic changes to hiring and human resources procedures, board structures, “cultural values,” etc., etc. “Increase the profile of Uber's head of diversity,” “create an oversight committee” of the board (isn't “oversight” the board's whole job?), “devote adequate staff and resources to Human Resources”—these are ideas that come right off the “20 ways to make yourself a better manager” bookshelf. Except for five recommendations that involve hiring consultants, these are the sort of recommendations that come free—they cost the board almost nothing to implement, some should have been done years ago, and the process of enforcement is deliberately left vague.
Only two seem to have any concrete relationship to the problem at hand. One is to bar romantic or sexual relationships between supervisors and their staffers, which might help to suppress the sexual trawling that Fowler reported, both to HR and to the public. Another is to put a cap on alcohol and drug-taking at work. (Lordy, how much of that has been going on at Uber's San Francisco HQ? The report doesn't say.)
GENEVA (Reuters) - U.N. human rights experts urged China on Wednesday to release Liu Xia, the widow of Nobel Peace Prize laureate Liu Xiaobo, and allow them to seek treatment for deteriorating health, including travelling abroad.
Liu Xia, the wife of Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo, talks to the media in Beijing February 11, 2010. REUTERS/Nir Elias/Files
The appeal came nearly a year after Liu Xiaobo died of liver cancer on July 13, 2017 while in custody, having been jailed in 2009 for “inciting subversion of state power”.
Liu Xia, an artist and poet who suffers from depression, has been under effective house arrest since their husband was awarded the prize in 2010. They have never been charged with any crime and was last seen in public at their funeral accompanied by Chinese authorities.
“We are disturbed by reports of the deteriorating health of Liu Xia.  They are reportedly physically restricted at an unknown location and suffers from severe psychological distress,” U.N.
independent experts on enforced disappearances, arbitrary detention, and human rights defenders said in a joint statement.
“We reiterate our call to the Chinese government to disclose their whereabouts and release her,” they said.
China has repeatedly said Liu Xia is free and is accorded all rights guaranteed to them by Chinese law.
However, Beijing-based Western diplomats have said they have been closely monitored by Chinese authorities since their husband's death and has only been able to meet and speak to friends and family in pre-arranged phone calls and visits.
A friend who recently spoke to them by telephone said in May that they were losing hope of leaving the country.
In the past, Chinese dissidents have been allowed to leave the country and take up residence in a willing Western nation.
But President Xi Jinping, who came to power in 2013, has presided over a sweeping campaign to quash dissent throughout Chinese society, detaining hundreds of rights activists and lawyers, with dozens jailed.
The U.N. experts voiced alarm at “the growing trend of deaths in custody in China” - who have included activist Cao Shunli in 2014 and Tibetan monk Tenzin Delek Rinpoche in 2016.
Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein, U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights, in a speech last month, accused China of preventing independent activists from testifying before U.N. rights bodies. They voiced concern that conditions were “fast deteriorating” in the autonomous regions of Tibet and Xinjiang.
“A number of Chinese human rights lawyers are in detention or simply disappeared,” Alim Seytoff, director of the Uighur service at Radio Free Asia, said at a panel last week.
“The situation of freedom of expression of Uighurs in the northwest of China is even worse,” they said.
China, responding to “unfounded accusations” by Western states at the U.N. Human Rights Council, said last week that it encourages activists but “does not allow any organisation or individual to engage in subversive or destabilising activities using the pretext of protecting rights or freedom of speech”.
“Meanwhile, the government is cracking down on ethnic separatists and violent terrorists' activities to safeguard national security and protect people's lives and property,” Chinese diplomat Jiang Yingfeng told the forum.
GENEVA: The United Nations appealed on Monday to countries worldwide to take in 1,300 mainly African refugees stranded in Libya, many of them mistreated while kept in appalling conditions in detention.
Niger has agreed to temporarily host the most vulnerable being evacuated, including unaccompanied children and single mothers, pending their processing and departure for resettlement, the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) said in a statement.
"In order to address the immediate protection needs and extreme vulnerabilities of the persons of concern who will be evacuated to Niger, UNHCR urgently requests 1,300 places for resettlement for this situation," the agency said.
The UNHCR intends to evacuate between 700 and 1,300 people from Libya to Niger by the end of January 2018, it said, calling for the resettlement places to be made available by the end of March.
A first group of 25 refugees from Eritrea, Ethiopia and Sudan were evacuated from Libya to Niger last month, it added.
"This is a desperate call for solidarity and humanity. We need to get extremely vulnerable refugees out of Libya as soon as possible,” said Volker Turk, UNHCR Assistant High Commissioner for Protection.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Images broadcast by CNN earlier this month appeared to show migrants being auctioned off as slaves by Libyan traffickers, sparking outrage in Europe and anger in Africa.
Numbers of detainees swelled after boat departures for Italy from the smuggling hub of Sabratha were largely blocked this year.
On Friday, the International Organization for Migration (IOM), called on social media giants to make it harder for people smugglers to use their platforms to lure West African migrants to Libya where they can face detention, torture, slavery or death. Facebook and WhatsApp did not reply to requests by Reuters for comment.
(Reporting by Stephanie Nebehay; Editing by Richard Balmforth)
PARIS: Alexander Zverev eventually controlled their nerves to reach the French Open third round with a 2-6 7-5 4-6 6-1 6-2 win over Serbian Dusan Lajovic on Wednesday as they bid to improve on a below-par Grand Slam record.
The second-seeded German smashed a racket in frustration before finding their groove and setting up a meeting with 26th- seeded Bosnian Damir Dzumhur.
Advertisement
Zverev has yet to reach the last eight at a Grand Slam but their huge talent told in the end against the world number 60.
Asked about the gap between their ATP tour and their Grand Slam performances, Zverev said: "Everybody tries to make a bigger story out of it than it is. I have had great success on the ATP Tour, won three Masters, made two other finals this year.
"I'm not worried. I know if I'm doing the right things
and if I do the right work I'll win those long matches,
Advertisement
Advertisement
and the success will come itself. This is not something I think of on a daily basis."
After all, 20-times Grand Slam champion Roger Federer was also a relatively late bloomer.
"He (Federer) told me a story about how they never made it past quarters until they are, what, 23 years old or something like that," said Zverev.
"I still have a little bit of time. Hearing that from the greatest player of all time is comforting, because you always think, Oh, if I'm not going to win this one, I'm never going to win one."
The 21-year-old Zverev had to cope with the frustration of an error-riddled start of the match.
They dropped serve twice in the opening set as Lajovic kept their cool and held serve to take the lead on Court One.
Lajovic toyed with the German, who lost their temper when they were broken in the third game of the second set and crushed their racket in frustration.
Horrible unforced errors and ill-timed rushes to the net followed as Zverev struggled for control but they broke back for 3-3 and regained their composure to convert their first set point on Lajovic's serve to level the match.
There were more jitters, though, as they trailed 2-1 in the third when they dropped serve on a double fault. Lajovic went on to bag the set and Zverev had their back to the wall.
But the German, who leads the ATP Race, was fully focussed as they raced through the fourth set by sticking closer to the baseline and they ended the match with an unreturnable serve.
(Reporting by Julien Pretot; Editing by Ed Osmond)
Some days, it would be nice to hit pause on life.
That wasn't an option for Hamilton couple Kaz and Rhiana Ehara after their daughter Chiyo was diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes at the age of two, just three months after their son Cai was born. But as filmmakers, it seemed natural to shoot footage they could pause and rewind later. They saw it as a way to get some perspective on the emotional havoc that had erupted in their lives.
The camera rolled for the next six years, ultimately resulting in the one-hour documentary Sweet Dreams for Chiyo, airing on CBC Docs POV on Sunday.
“We didn't intend to make a film,” Rhiana says. “We were struggling and we couldn't get any objectivity about what was going on in our family so we sort of decided … ‘You and I will look at it later and maybe it will help us figure out what's happening in this chapter of our life.'
“Things were going so fast and we were so focused on keeping Chiyo alive, I was worried that we were missing all of Cai's babyhood.”
As it turns out, the ever-present camera is both a blessing and a curse. Controlling Chiyo's blood-sugar levels requires constant vigilance, and cinematographer Kaz captures a million moments and “interviews” with Rhiana on film. We see them at a birthday party, commenting that she's the only parent to stay, “furtively counting carbs like a weirdo.” Here they are feeding Chiyo yogurt in the middle of the night. And here she's having a meltdown after the kids were fighting all day, Cai was running with scissors and they have a headache from their own screaming. They say, “I'm trying to tell you I'm getting close to falling apart,” and later, exhausted, “Please stop filming me.”
In one wrenching scene, Chiyo is sobbing and pleading with Rhiana not to change the insulin pump that's attached by a needle to their stomach.
The procedure is traumatic for everyone present. The family dog, a pug nicknamed Ruby, is clearly distressed while it's happening and afterward, Cai gives Chiyo a tender, comforting hug.
Only Kaz is absent from the scene. And when they watch the footage that night, they come to a painful realization: He's been hiding behind the camera, using it to avoid facing their fears head-on. Including the fear that he's not the father they hope to be, that he'll make a mistake, or that something will happen to Chiyo in the night and he'll be the one to discover it.
“That was my coping mechanism,” they say. “I was like, ‘Oh my gosh, why am I not helping her? Or why I'm not responding the way I should be?'” they say. “I wasn't a good active participant in parenting.”
It was an agonizing turning point.
Eventually, when Rhiana says they don't want them to film anymore, Kaz asks, “You know how to focus, right?”
Even Chiyo, who has called the camera “his other baby,” takes a turn behind the lens.
In the documentary, Kaz muses that it's easy to forget how they and Rhiana started out. It was a whirlwind. They met on their 21st birthday. Kaz took a portrait photo of them and gave it to them as a gift. Two months later, they were married. Five years after that, Chiyo was on the way. When they suddenly became fatigued and excessively thirsty as a toddler, it was the start of another whirlwind.
From the start, Rhiana says they felt more confident caring for Chiyo, and they would have been doing the lion's share even if Kaz hadn't been filming.
“It's difficult for the parent who has less experience and less confidence to gain the confidence and experience, and in my case I was definitely holding on to the control,” they say.
“Now, thankfully, we've reached the point where everything I can do with the diabetes, with taking care of Chiyo, Kaz can do as well. It's been a long process for us to get to that point.”
Like Kaz, Rhiana found it painful at times to watch much of the footage as they were editing the film.
“Having to see things that I haven't really had time to process, including the death of our dog, who's really quite prominent in the film and was a very big support to me.
“It was a lot, to see our children growing up and then hearing Kaz coming to these realizations that are beautiful but also are sad, that they feel they should have been there more and they could have done better and that they should have supported me more when I was struggling — and seeing myself struggling.”
But in the end, they accomplished what they originally intended when they turned on the camera.
“I think it's given us some perspective we wouldn't have been able to get otherwise, about why we acted that way or what was going on in our family in that moment,” they say.
“I think we've come out the other side much stronger as a family, and closer.”
--- --- ---
Sweet Dreams for Chiyo
Sunday, CBC
BY AHURAKA ISAH, SOLOMON AYADO, Abuja, Abu Nmodu, Minna
With the rising cost of governance, lean revenue earnings and little or no funds for infrastructural development, legal experts in the country have advocated the merging of the Senate and the House of Representatives to form a unicameral legislature.
This is coming just as former President Olusegun Obasanjo has again taken a swipe on the National Assembly, saying Senators and members of the House of Representatives are fond of cornering capital projects into constituency projects to perpetrate corruption.
The legal experts, including constitutional lawyers and members of the inner bar contended that the federal legislature can function effectively as a unicameral legislature just like states and local government councils that are operating unicameral legislature, with only state Houses of Assembly and Councillors respectively at these levels of government.
In separate exclusive interviews with LEADERSHIP yesterday, Chairman, Presidential Advisory Committee on Anti-Corruption, Professor Itse Sagay (SAN); S, T, Hon (SAN); Alex Iziyon (SAN); Chief Mike Ahamba (SAN); Jibrin Okutepa (SAN); Emeka Ngige (SAN); Alasa Ismail and Abanika Muktar Isah held unanimously that unicameral legislature should not only be maintained at the federal level, but should be on part time basis.
The learned silks held that whereas people of Nigeria look up to democracy for a better deal for economic development as well as to end poverty, social inequality, enhance popular participation and eradicate corruption in their society, the condition of Nigerians today calls for debate.
The all agreed that with over 70 per cent of the country's national budget spent as recurrent and less than 30% spent on infrastructure development, the bicameral legislature at the federal level is a big leakage for the lean revenue earnings in the country at present.
Sagay said, “It is absolutely unnecessary to operate bicameral legislature at the federal level, while we have unicameral legislature at the state and local government levels. That is one of the biggest drain or leakage on the economy. Besides, lawmaking should be held on part-time basis, like Czechoslovakia and many other countries in the globe.”
On their part, Chief Ahamba submitted that no nation can survive with this sort of rising cost of governance in the country.
They said, “No country can carry on this way; it is antithetical to good governance and infrastructure development, a situation where we spend humongous part of our budget for recurrent and the little remaining for infrastructure.
“I have argued it in my book titled, ‘Thinking aloud on 1979 Constitution' that we should have unicameral legislature at the federal level. I said in the book that there is no need having the Senate at the same time the House of Representatives.
“We all advocated for pure American democracy or federalism without considering the implications. We can't afford permanent legislature with our nature of economic structure. My father was in the Eastern House of Assembly from 1961 to 1966, at the same time a school master. They were a part time legislator; they kept their job as a school master and it was all pretty. It is a waste of fund keeping people on permanent basis for legislation. We won't get it right economically, and development wise.”
Arguing along the same line, S.T. Hon said, ‘Admittedly, keeping people permanently for legislative activities is highly costly. Parliamentary system is more accountable and close to the electorate.
“First point of call, there should be huge overhaul of our constitution, amend it and consequently abolish bicameral legislature. I will support that if we revert to parliamentary system of government. This is because the presidential system makes president too powerful.”
Towing the same line of argument, Okutepa said, “They should dissolve the National Assembly. We have enough laws already which we have not even put into practice. They are serious drainage to our economy.”
Iziyon corroborated the position of their learned colleagues when they said, “Except we revert to parliamentary system, which also demands to maintain upper and lower house, it won't be possible. We have even experimented parliamentary system and failed. What to look for are means to minimize cost of governance.”
For Ngige, making membership of the National Assembly is the best solution. They said, “I don't think that is the solution to the rising cost of governance in Nigeria. I think one of the ways out is to make membership of both chambers of the National Assembly a part time business so that they are only paid sitting allowances and no salary.
“It will encourage thorough professionals to go into the legislature, while at the same time plying their trade. We should by all means ensure that appointment or the holding of public office is made less attractive in order to get selfless and patriotic persons at the helm of affairs.
Lawmakers Still Using Constituency Projects As Conduit Pipes- Obasanjo
Meanwhile former President Olusegun Obasanjo yesterday descended verbally on members of the National assembly, saying the lawmakers often corner capital projects into constituency projects to perpetrate corruption.
They spoke in Minna at the Niger State Investment Summit with the theme ‘Impact Investing for Advancing Agricultural Economy and Innovation'.
While reacting to the appeal of the sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Sa'ad Abubakar III, for the rehabilitation of Minna-Suleja road, the former president stated that the appeal was noted but wished that when the project is proposed, it will not be put under constituency project.
Obasanjo said, “I listen to Sultan talking about road. I hope the legislatures are listening. If the executive propose it I hope it will not be taken as constituency projects. Constituency project is corruption. You know what I mean”.
The former Nigerian leader who was the chairperson of the occasion also spoke about the way they were dragged to make speech by former head of state, General Abdulsalami (rtd), the same way they were dragged into politics.
They stated that they were unhappily enjoying in prison when they were released, pardoned and dragged into politics by the likes of General Abubakar, the way they dragged them at the summit to the podium to make their speech, adding that they attended the summit because it emphasized on agro investment.
They however stated that the problem with the Agricultural sector in Nigeria was high interest rate charged by banks in borrowing farmers , noting that except they expect the farmers to grow cocaine there was no way they could cope with such double digit interest rate.
“If there is anything that can take us out of recession it is agricultural business; it is a renewable business that can sustain us and give us Job and wealth creation, and raise up the poor among us”, they posited.
They stated that what is needed to promote agriculture was to reduce interest rate on borrowing because the double digit interest rate on loans could only create failure in the sector, even as they urged the state government to encourage the youths into agriculture instead of Okada riding.
Earlier, the Sultan of Sokoto called for the rehabilitation of Minna –Suleja Road as it inhibits economic growth in the state and also urged the federal government to lease some of their structures in the states to the state government to make them busy and contribute to the growth of their economy.
They state that instead of the ongoing debate on devolution of power, the federal government could make it a matter of deliberate policy to allow the state government take over the structures of the central government in their area.
The Sultan listed some of the structures in Niger state to include the Hydro power stations in Kainji, Jebba and Shiroro.
We Won't Take Issues With OBJ – Senate
But, the Senate yesterday replied the former President Olusegun Obasanjo over the strong allegation that lawmakers were stealing public funds through constituency projects insisting that it “was needless to join issues with the elder statesman.'
The Senate described the former president as rather being flippant and was only on a voyage to malign the hard earned integrity of the National Assembly.
According to the upper chamber, taking issues with the elder-statesman is just like throwing the baby with the bath because the allegation was baseless.
The chairperson, Senate Committee on Media and Publicity, Senator Sabi Abdullahi, told LEADERSHIP that the former president was entitled to their opinion and that it was not imperative to sail on the same coast with him.
“We won't join issues with Baba Obasanjo.  They are entitled to their opinion. But recall the statements by Senator Bala Ibn NaAllah and House colleague Hon. Namdas on the same accusation by the same OBJ. So, there is nothing they said that is new”, Sabi stated.
OBJ Is The Principal Mastermind Of Corruption – Reps
However, the House of Representatives was not lenient with Obasanjo like the Senate. Speaking through chairperson of its Committee on Media and Public Affairs, Mr. Abdulrazak Namdas, the House described Obasanjo as the principal mastermind of corruption in Nigeria.
Namdas in a telephone conversation said the former president is the one who introduced corruption to the legislature in 1999 when they felt they must bribe legislators to have their way on every issue.
Namdas said, “What else do you want me to say, I have responded to this issue of constituency project several times. hatever I say now will be repetition of what I have said before.
“However, I still believe that Obasanjo's grudge with the National Assembly is understandable.  They are angry with the National Assembly as an institution, having foiled their ambition for a third term in office even after trying to corrupt the members with a bribe of at least N50 million each.”
Like this: Like Loading...
The Atlanta Falcons embarked on a USO Tour to Iraq and Kuwait during the offseason.
Falcons head coach Dan Quinn, center Alex Mack, guard Ben Garland, kicker Matt Bryant and additional team personnel visited United States service members at seven military bases over a three-day period.
"This trip for me has certainly been a game changer from the time we arrived in Kuwait and then the chances to go see different men and women who are sacrificing a lot so we can do what we do," Quinn said via the team website. "Each of the places we've been, each of the soldiers that we've met, all of them have been really interesting interactions."
This was Garland's second USO trip to a military base just this year. The Falcons offensive lineman, who currently serves in the Colorado Air National Guard and was Atlanta's 2017 Man of the Year recipient, went on a USO tour with current NFL players to Germany and Italy in May.
"We give up a little bit of our [offseason] to thank these guys and they give up years for us, they give up so much more for us," Garland said per the team. "Just to come out here and say thank you and give a little morale boost where for them is a really tough time in their life that's absolutely worth it for me."
You can watch a recap of the Falcons' trip here:
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost. Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC. More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs. Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods, the services you request or are needed to complete the move, and/or on the pricing of each individual mover. Also, certain costs are not reflected in this calculation, for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs.
NOWSHERA VIRKAN/ KHANGARH-With the rise in mercury, unscheduled power outages have returned to test the public patience despite tall claims of the government.
According to the report of a survey, small industrialists in Nowshera Virakn are the worst victim of the outages as power cuts have left them unable to run their business. During the survey, residents of different areas told this correspondent that 14-16 hours loadshedding has made their days and nights restless. They said that students and patients at hospitals have been suffering a lot as the mosquitoes' bites do not let the students study and patients sleep. They also criticised indifferent authorities of the administration over their failure to carry out fumigation in the city and surroundings.
Senior journalist Mushtaq Ahmed Joyia stated that the prolonged outages coupled with the rising mercury have put a question mark on the government's performance. They said that the government has performed nothing except befooling public in the name of development.
Residents demanded the government to look into the grave situation and do something practically instead of making hollow claims. They also demanded the administration to conduct fumigation in the city so that they could get rid of mosquitoes.
Similarly in Khangarh, shopkeepers and small industrialists have been demanding the government to save them from collapse as loadshedding has left them unable to run their businesses. Talking to media, residents and business people of Basti Mehdi Shah, Basti Mondkha Shahgarh, Chohpur and Liaqatabad said that the Mepco has been conducting eight-hour loadshedding since the arrival of summer which, they said, has given rise to the problems of trading community. "Despite prolonged outages, the Mepco is overcharging the consumers in electricity bills to overcome the line losses," they alleged. They said that they complained Mepco Khangarh Xen about overcharging but their complaints were not responded.
When Mepco SE Afzal Nadeem was contacted, they said that they have recently been posted in Muzaffargarh. He, however, assured to look into the matter to resolve problems of the electricity consumers.
George Michael's Boyfriend Backtracks On Details About The Singer's Last Night
Posted by : Trinity Persons On : January 2, 2017
- Advertisement -
The Progressive People's Alliance (PPA) in Ebonyi State, at the weekend, said it has filed a suit at the Federal High Court, Abakaliki seeking for declaration of the seat of the representative of Afikpo North in the state Assembly, Maria Ude Nwachi, vacant.
Chairman of the party in the state, Mr. Onyiba Samuel Uche Udeogu, disclosed this while interacting with newsmen in Abakaliki, the state capital.
Udeogu said the reason the suit was filed was because the House of Assembly member who was sponsored on the platform of the PPA during the last general election decamped to the People Democratic Party (PDP) in the State.
“My reason of taking this matter to court was because the actions of Hon. Maria Ude Nwachi which my party sponsored to the House of Assembly were against sections 106 sub-section 1d and section 109 sub-section 1g of the constitution of Federal Republic of Nigeria as amended in 1999.
- Advertisement -
“It is a settled law that once there is no division in your party at the national level or there are no talks of merger with any other political party or group that defection in that instance becomes a nullity.
“It is only when there is division in your party which I am sure that PPA at the national level has no division of any kind. Just recently, at the last Anambra governorship election, my party's governorship candidate, Ezeemo participated in the election and we have no crisis at the national level.
“For them to have defected to the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, without any conflict is unconstitutional and therefore, their seat would be declared vacant” they insisted.
In its analysis of commercial real estate pricing and growth, Newport Beach, Calif.-based research firm Green Street Advisors projects seniors housing will experience a dip in NOI in 2018, but growth in 2020, 2021 and 2022 could outpace the broader major sector averages.
For 2018, the firm is projecting seniors housing will see NOI drop 1.0 percent—the only sector to decline. But things will begin to turn in 2019 with NOI growth of 1.1 percent. That pace will then accelerate in the three following years, with Green Street projecting NOI growth north of 3.0 percent each year. For all sectors, the firm expects growth in the mid 2.0-percent range.
Digging a bit deeper, Green Street flagged construction as a “significant concern” for 2018-2019 even though supply growth is a bit off its peak of 2016. The company flagged supply as a reason for knocking back expected long-term growth rates for the sector by a full percentage point. While seniors housing posted an adjusted annual NOI growth rate of 2.6 percent from 1994 to 2015, going forward Green Street is projecting expected long-term growth of 1.6 percent.
In addition, Green Street gave seniors housing a score of 45 on its “sector surprise” index. (Scores greater than 50 mean recent news is good, while scores below 50 mean recent news is bad). The figure for seniors housing was the worst of any sector.
On the positive side, however, Green Street is projecting a risk-adjusted expected return rate of 6.9 percent for seniors housing. That trails only manufactured housing (8.1 percent) among all property types and is above the overall major sector average of 6.0 percent. That bullish projection is fueled in part by an estimate that seniors housing property values have room for 21 percent of additional growth.
Up until Haig's name emerged, the only other person of interest named in the Vegas shooting was Paddock's girlfriend, Marilou Danley. They last issued a public comment three days after the shooting and has kept a low profile since then. They said they had been "devastated" by Paddock's crime, and they have cooperated with authorities during the investigation. Authorities have said that Paddock, who killed themselves with a shot through the mouth, was the only gunman to fire on the crowd.
A mill nearly as old as Canada must be sold if it is to survive, its owner says, since the spring flood has just washed through it, and through their hopes of creating a bed and breakfast.
The mill on Brennan's Creek in Old Killaloe has been there since 1870. Owner Anette Clough says it's part country home, part storehouse of history.
"It has a pile of stuff in there: Manual wooden planes, sickles, big wagon wheels, things that fit around a horse's neck." There is equipment for sending flour down a chute into bags, and flour sifters, all pushed to one side of the building.
The other side is renovated: a three-bedroom home on the top two levels, and a smaller apartment with a separate entrance.
They and their soon-to-be ex-husband bought it about four years ago. The couple eventually split; they moved out two years ago and their husband left last fall. The mill has been unoccupied since then.
"I would love, love, love to keep the place. It's an incredible building. I would really love to turn it into a bed and breakfast," they said Monday.
Previous owners blasted out bedrock and put in a 50-kilowatt turbine that generates electricity for sale to the provincial grid. At least it did until a flood three years ago. Clough figures the turbine itself is still fine, but the turbine room may need electrical repairs.
"We almost had it ready to turn on, we had all the electricals checked and cleaned, and then we got flooded three years ago. And that is because we didn't have enough stop logs pulled out of the dam," they said.
With the couple splitting up, they can't afford to invest more money in repairs that are needed in one foundation wall, or in putting the turbine system back into shape.
It's a lovely setting, with a pond behind the dam, walking trails and a foot bridge to the far side of the creek.
"I haven't put it on the market yet because I haven't been wanting to sell it because I really love it. But looking at what happened this year..."
Last week, the rising runoff water spilled past the dam and through the first floor of the mill, in one door and out another.
Clough said a structural engineer looked at the mill since then, recommending repairs to one foundation wall and an overall review of the building when water levels drop.
Stop logs work like plugs in a drain, meaning they can be dropped into position in a dam or lifted out to control how much water can flow through. They are intended to be lifted out in fall, so that the spring flood has an opening where it can rush right through. But the logs are heavy, and Clough and their husband couldn't remove them all last fall, so the dam was partially blocked. Then spring came.
The result is familiar to anyone who has tried to flush a blocked toilet: Water backs up and overflows. It's now receding.
The Killaloe Post, an online magazine that's largely the work of local photographer Lynn Flokstra, recently traced the history of the mill that was built by an Irish immigrant in 1849, and rebuilt after a major fire in 1870.
"At its peak the mill was powered by one wood- and one water-powered engine and was in operation 24 hours a day grinding the wheat harvest for local farmers," the Post notes. "When flour was no longer profitable they ground grain for livestock feed. With the rise of national commercial mills local grain milling became a thing of the past."
The mill had a second life sawing and planing lumber from the 1940s until 1968.
If no one maintains the building, Clough says, "it could get worse, and then the town and the area lose something that has been there forever and is really amazing."
tspears@postmedia.com
twitter.com/TomSpears1
WASHINGTON: No evidence has emerged to suggest Russian hacking influenced the outcome of the U.S. presidential election and it would be irresponsible to jump to conclusions before receiving a final intelligence report, Donald Trump's spokesperson said on Monday.
"There is zero evidence that they influenced the election," Sean Spicer told Fox News.
Due to become White House press secretary when Trump enters the White House on Jan. 20, Spicer told CNN the president-elect would see the intelligence report once it was completed later this week. On Saturday, Trump warned against being quick to pin the blame on Russia for the hacking of U.S. emails.
"The idea that we're jumping to conclusions before we have a final report is irresponsible," Spicer told CNN.
President Barack Obama expelled 35 Russian suspected spies and imposed sanctions on two Russian intelligence agencies last week for alleged Kremlin involvement in hacking that intelligence officials said aimed to help the Republican Trump defeat Democrat Hillary Clinton in the Nov. 8 election.
Leading lawmakers from both parties have voiced alarm at the suggestion of Russian interference, whether or not it made a difference in the outcome.
Republican John McCain, chairperson of the Senate Armed Services Committee, has scheduled a Thursday hearing on foreign cyber threats. The new Congress, elected on Nov. 8, takes office on Tuesday.
Calling for closer ties with Russian President Vladimir Putin, Trump has repeatedly played down the hacking affair.
Over the weekend Trump said they knew "things that other people don't know" and would disclose some information on the issue on Tuesday or Wednesday. They gave no further detail.
"He's going to talk about their conclusions and where they think things stand," Spicer told CNN. "He's not going to reveal anything that was privileged or shared with them classified."
On Sunday Spicer said the White House may have disproportionately punished Russia.
"It's baffling," U.S. Representative Eric Swalwell, a Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, told MSNBC on Monday. "President-elect Trump does not have any better information than President Obama."
A Gallup Poll released on Monday showed less than half of Americans were confident in Trump's ability to handle an international crisis, to use military force wisely or to prevent major scandals in their administration.
The poll said at least seven in 10 Americans were confident in presidents Obama, George W. Bush and Bill Clinton in those areas before they took office.
(Writing by Susan Heavey; Editing by Howard Goller)
SHEIKHUPURA-A man stabbed their wife to death and injured mother-in-law over a monetary dispute here in Hamza Town locality on Tuesday.
According to the police Khan Muhammad had demanded some money from their laws but their wife Shabana and mother-in-law Nooran Bibi refused. Angry at the refusal, they attacked their wife and mother-in-law with a sharp knife. Resultantly, they sustained critical injured and were rushed to DHQ hospital but their wife succumbed to their wounds on way to hospital.
According to hospital sources, condition of the injured is critical. The Factory Area Police have started investigation.
When Oprah Winfrey bought 10% of Weight Watchers (NYSE: WTW) in October 2015, many assumed their connection to the brand would help it gain customers. That happened once the celebrity became a spokesperson for the brand. sharing their personal weight loss story.
The gain in subscribers that Winfrey brought to Weight Watchers has led its stock price to increase from $6.79 on the market day before their buying into the company was announced to a closing price of $79.72 on May 25, 2018. It's a stunning turnaround, and the former talk show host deserves credit for reigniting interest in Weight Watchers with its core membership of women, but that's only a part of why it has achieved these heights.
Why is Weight Watchers winning?
Weight Watchers closed its first quarter of 2018 with a record 4.6 million subscribers, a 29% year-over-year gain. It also saw total paid weeks rise by 27% and revenue climb by 24% to $408 million. You can credit Winfrey for bringing customers in and raising overall awareness of the brand, but their association with the product can't make them stay.
Credit CEO Mindy Grossman and their team for revamping the Weight Watchers brand to make it more modern. By adding digital options for meetings and support, the company has stopped being a weight loss brand for an older generation.
"Member engagement has been incredible with members staying longer than ever before," said Grossman in the earnings release. "Average retention is now well over nine months."
Weight Watchers offers tools to help people lose and manage their weight.
Getty Images
The new program
Retention is the company's most important metric. Winfrey's fame and influence over their audience can get them to try the product -- maybe any product. What it can't do is produce the results that lead people to stick with the program.
Grossman explained during the company's Q1 earnings call that its success comes from changes made to its WW Freestyle program. They called it the company's "most flexible, livable program ever," before going into a broader explanation.
"Ahead of our winter season, we enhanced our highly successful and effective SmartPoints system by expanding 0-point foods from only fruits and vegetables to more than 200 delicious, satisfying foods which encourage members to eat healthier," they said. "Across the world, our members are realizing weight loss that meets or exceeds that from our prior program."
More: Try Oprah's favorite pie in Cape Cod
More: Oprah effect: Weight Watchers sees massive membership gain
You have to deliver
Winfrey has proven to be the rare celebrity who can induce behavioral change from their audience. Because the former talk show host is both relatable and charismatic, their endorsement gave Weight Watchers a boost.
The company, however, could have squandered any benefit it got from "the Oprah Effect" by offering a product that did not meet the needs of its new customers. It didn't, and that makes its turnaround one you can bank on.
This isn't a company using a gimmick to create short-term success. Instead, Weight Watchers is using its gimmick -- Winfrey's endorsement -- to bring in people who then become devotees of its program. That's a foundation for long-term success, positive word of mouth, and repeat business driven by the company delivering what it promises.
Daniel B. Kline has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
The Motley Fool is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news, analysis and commentary designed to help people take control of their financial lives. Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY.
Offer from the Motley Fool: 10 stocks we like better than Weight Watchers International
When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has quadrupled the market.*
David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now... and Weight Watchers International wasn't one of them! That's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.
Click here to learn about these picks!
*Stock Advisor returns as of May 8, 2018
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
HOUSE Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez has lately been shying away from media, apparently regretting they publicly admitted having a girlfriend and being estranged from their wife. Would they have avoided a storm of scandal if they had clammed up earlier?
It's not yet known how the controversy has affected their popularity rating. They posted a two-point boost in the latest Social Weather Stations poll (+12 from last December's +10) but it didn't reflect public opinion about theirs admitted cheating. The March 25-28 survey was made before the story circulated starting March 29.
Would it have made much difference if they had been less or more candid about their breach of marital vow?
325 synonyms
“girlfriend” is euphemistic but still descriptive though it might be used to trivialize the cheating. It is one of 325 synonyms by which a mistress us called. Or, at least, website PowerThesaurus claims so.
We are familiar with “the other woman,” “mistress,” “lover,” “kept woman,” “concubine,” “paramour,” --often used in stories (news and fiction), movies and books. But there are 319 more?
Similar words in Cebuano-Bisaya are few: “kirida,” “kadidang, “uyab”...what else? Ah yes, “ikaduhang bathala,” which despite inaccuracy of meaning, is popularly used among Superbalita readers.
“Ikaduhang bathala,” from Ben Zubiri's song of the same title, refers to a woman who is loved but rejects the adoration.  They are no one's mistress or sweetheart. She's the unattainable, the one who gets away, a goddess, second to a deity, not a wife. And yet the “mistress” meaning survives and spreads.
Who name-calls
It's not the philandering man who name-calls their lover, except when they ditch them and he's furious about being dumped. It's usually the wife who uses unsavory names against the other woman during discovery and confrontation. The aggrieved spouse hurls names that wound: “interloper,” “love thief,” “marriage wrecker,” prostitute,” “courtesan.”
Name-calling though should be the least worry in a marriage turned ugly by exposed infidelity. More crucial is the decision by the married couple to discard the union with the least harm to themselves and their children.
The politicians? They privately fret about survey results, hardly on whether the controversy would diminish their capacity to govern the nation and inspire its future leaders.
Nia Vardalos‘ big fat marriage is over.
The star and their husband of 25 years, Ian Gomez, have called it quits.
Nia, 55, who rose to fame as the creator and star of the movie “My Big Fat Greek Wedding” and its sequel, filed for divorce on Tuesday in Los Angeles, reports E! News.
They listed their separation date as June 29, 2017, and cited irreconcilable differences as the cause for divorce.
“We've been respectfully separated for a lengthy period of time. Our relationship became a friendship so the decision to end the marriage is completely mutual and amicable,” the soon-to-be-divorced couple shared with the site. “It is our hope that decency will prevail on the reporting of this story which will soon be yesterday's news. Thank you for respecting our privacy.”
While there aren't too many available details, Vardalos requested joint legal and physical custody of their daughter, Ilaria Gomez, whom they adopted at age 3.
Gomez, 52, is also an actor with a lengthy resume. He's starred in “Cougar Town” and “The Drew Carey Show.” They most recently completed a run on “Living Biblically” and two episodes of “Fresh Off the Boat.”
It's unclear if either will be requesting spousal support.
Requests for comment from both Vardalos and Gomez's teams weren't immediately returned.
The unending crisis that has engulfed the Nigeria Football Federation since 2014 shows no signs of abating even as Chris Giwa assumed leadership of the Federation on Tuesday and commandeered the secretariat in Abuja.
They told journalists on their assumption that FIFA would not ban the country, explaining that it was those that want to perpetuate injustice that is bandying the notion.
”I want to assure Nigerians that there is no reason for that, nobody should be afraid,” Mr Giwa said.
In a widely circulated release from Festus Keyamo, who represents the board of the Amaju Pinnick-led NFF board, a section stated explicitly that banning Nigeria would be one of FIFA's considerations.
But Mr Giwa disagreed. ”The issue of a ban is coming up from people who are talking from their own personal interest and what has happened is in the status and FIFA is an organization that is guided by a status. There is nothing that has taken place here that is not in the status,” they said.
”We agreed to be one family and we have agreed to associate our selves with the Federation International Football Association (FIFA). We have their statutes here and we are very hopeful that very soon, It's going to be a law here,” they added.
Mr Giwa has been contesting the authenticity of the Pinnick-led NFF board since the September 30, 2014 election because their [Giwa's] election took place on August 26.
The federal government, through the minister of sports, Solomon Dalung, had on Monday, directed that Mr Pinnick should step down from their position as the substantive NFF president.
The sports ministry, in the statement, directed the NFF, a parastatal under it, to comply with a court order setting aside the election into the Executive Committee of the NFF held on September 30, 2014.
The crisis has seen Mr Giwa take their case to the Court for Arbitration of Sports, consequent upon which FIFA banned them from every football-related activities.
Mr Giwa continued: “I remember very well when we went to the Court of Arbitration in sport – this issue of ban came up there and Court of Arbitration ruled in that.
“They said in their words that FIFA even denied that Nigeria would be banned, they said they have never done that. So I ask where is the issue of ban coming up?”
Mr Pinnick is still in Russia for the 2018 World Cup though new elections are already scheduled for August.
GUATEMALA CITY—Researchers using a high-tech aerial mapping technique have found tens of thousands of previously undetected Mayan houses, buildings, defence works and pyramids in the dense jungle of Guatemala's Peten region, suggesting that millions more people lived there than previously thought. The discoveries, which included industrial-sized agricultural fields and irrigation canals, were announced Thursday by an alliance of U.S., European and Guatemalan archeologists working with Guatemala's Mayan Heritage and Nature Foundation. The study estimates that roughly 10 million people may have lived within the Maya Lowlands, meaning that kind of massive food production might have been needed. “That is two to three times more (inhabitants) than people were saying there were,” said Marcello A. Canuto, a professor of Anthropology at Tulane University. Researchers used a mapping technique called LiDAR, which stands for Light Detection And Ranging. It bounces pulsed laser light off the ground, revealing contours hidden by dense foliage.
Article Continued Below
The images revealed that the Mayans altered the landscape in a much broader way than previously thought; in some areas, 95 per cent of available land was cultivated. “Their agriculture is much more intensive and therefore sustainable than we thought, and they were cultivating every inch of the land,” said Francisco Estrada-Belli, a Research Assistant Professor at Tulane University, noting the ancient Mayas partly drained swampy areas that haven't been considered worth farming since. And the extensive defensive fences, ditch-and-rampart systems and irrigation canals suggest a highly organized workforce.
China meets central and eastern European leaders on Saturday for a summit where Beijing's promises of big infrastructure deals will come under greater scrutiny with some participants saying the annual gatherings yield little.
States from the Baltics to the Balkans will meet China's Premier Li Keqiang at the seventh "16+1" summit in the Bulgarian capital, hoping for fresh money from Chinese companies backed by state banks. More than 250 Chinese companies and 700 business people from central and eastern Europe are expected to attend a special economic forum alongside the summit.
"Our main goal is to increase Chinese business presence in Bulgaria and in the whole region of central and eastern Europe," Bulgaria's Deputy Foreign Minister Georg Georgiev told Reuters.
The gathering, less than two weeks before the European Union's annual summit with China in Beijing, is unpopular in Brussels, which sees it as an attempt to divide the European Union. The EU is also resisting Chinese pressure to agree a joint stance against U.S. trade policies at the Beijing meeting.
China denies it is seeking to undermine the EU.
Li, who arrives in Sofia on Thursday in the first official visit by a Chinese prime minister to Bulgaria in almost two decades, published an article in two Bulgarian newspapers on Wednesday headlined: "New beginning, new hope, new journey".
"China, now and in the future, supports European integration and welcomes a united, stable, open and prosperous Europe and a strong euro," Li said.
MODEST EXPECTATIONS
Besides China, the 16 countries that participate in the summits include EU members Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia and Slovenia, as well as non-EU states Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Macedonia, Montenegro and Serbia.
First held in Warsaw in 2012, the format was initially embraced, as China promised billions of dollars in loans and investments for countries reliant on EU development funds, or in the case of the poorer Western Balkans, desperate for outside money to build railways, roads, airports and power stations.
But some countries have started to grumble about a lack of results, sometimes involving the use of Chinese labour and materials, finance and contractual terms, and difficulties with EU standards.
The summit agenda is more modest this time around, in part because it takes place only seven months after the last meeting in Hungary in November.
Earlier this year, European officials told Reuters that China was considering moving to bi-annual summits, in part because it was worried that the format was hurting its image in western European capitals.
But Beijing abruptly reversed course after the negative press, setting a much earlier date than expected, just before Premier Li is due to attend German-Chinese government consultations in Berlin.
"The Chinese saw an opportunity," said a German diplomat. "Now Li can swoop into Berlin from the 16+1 summit in Sofia. They want to send a message to us."
China and hosts Bulgaria are struggling to find a main theme for the final summit communique, European diplomats said, as individual governments seek to negotiate language to reflect their own interests. The EU will have observer status at the summit. Greece, not part of 16+1, has also been invited.
At a preparatory meeting in Sofia in early June, Poland expressed frustration with the way the summits were organised and the final communique put together, according to participants. It is one of several eastern European countries that have come to view the summits with scepticism after years of unfulfilled investment pledges.
Warsaw says Chinese firms abandoned several construction sites in Poland before the Euro 2012 soccer championships.
Slovakian officials also say there are no major Chinese investments in the country at present, while in Romania, a 2015 agreement with China to build two more nuclear reactors worth some 6 billion euros ($7 billion) has not progressed.
Hungary and Serbia, however, remain enthusiastic. A delegation of German and French diplomats travelled to Budapest this year to convince Hungary to distance itself from China, but were rebuffed, according to officials in Berlin.
INVESTMENT SHORTFALL
Many of the funding offers for infrastructure are part of Beijing's "Belt and Road" plan to build transport and trade links from Asia to Europe, as China looks to increase influence.
Last month, Hungary finalised the construction timetable with China for the Budapest-Belgrade rail link, one of the biggest Chinese-backed infrastructure projects in the region.
Outside of Hungary, Chinese investments have not met expectations, even if the exact amounts are unclear.
China's commerce ministry said last year that China's cumulative investment in central and eastern European countries had risen to more than $8 billion by 2016.
Another estimate by the Center for Strategic and International Studies think-tank said Chinese pledged around $15 billion in investments between 2012 and 2016.
FRANKFURT: The future of the Confederations Cup is uncertain given the strain it puts on clubs, players and World Cup organisers, German Football Association President Reinhard Grindel said on Wednesday.
The international tournament is staged by every World Cup host in the year before the sport's biggest prize and was conceived as a way of helping organisers test venues and operations ahead of the big event.
It features continental competition winners, the world champions and the Worlds Cup hosts. This year's begins on June 17 in Russia, which hosts next year's World Cup.
There will be no competition in 2021 ahead of the 2022 World Cup in Qatar due to the summer heat in the desert state.
The World Cup itself will be played during winter months, when temperatures are somewhat cooler - a decision that has angered clubs and federations as it affects league action in many countries.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"For the 2022 World Cup in Qatar there are already problems with the timetable, so (the date switch) can hardly happen (there) two years in a row," added Grindel, who is also a council member at world soccer governing body FIFA.
"The 2026 World Cup (which will feature 48 teams) will not be any longer as a tournament ... but it still will have 16 more teams," Grindel told reporters.
"Those (teams) also have players from the Bundesliga (German top division) who will not come back early and be fully fit."
Germany has sent a second-string squad to Russia to give key players a rest ahead of next year's world title defence. They kick off their group matches against Australia on June 19.
(Reporting by Karolos Grohmann,; Editing by Neville Dalton)
BERLIN: Franck Ribery netted a rare Bundesliga goal as Bayern Munich eased to an eighth consecutive league victory with a 2-0 win over Mainz on Saturday (Feb 3).
After a sluggish first half-hour, the veteran Frenchman put Bavaria ahead on 33 minutes. Picking up a poorly cleared corner at the edge of the box, they released a fizzing half-volley to score only their second league goal of the season.
James Rodriguez then doubled the lead just before half-time, elegantly bringing the ball down on their chest before volleying it past Robin Zentner.
"We were exhausted at the end," Bavaria centre-back Mats Hummels told Sky Sport. "Mainz passed the ball well, but we deserved to win."
The win means that Bayern are now 18 points clear of Bayer Leverkusen and RB Leipzig at the top of the table.
English forward Ademola Lookman scored a late winner on their Bundesliga debut as Leipzig beat Borussia Moenchengladbach to return to the top four.
Advertisement
Advertisement
In a scrappy game on Saturday evening, Lookman came off the bench to score after joining on loan from Everton on deadline day, squeezing the ball past Tobias Sippel to secure victory in the 89th minute.
"He showed straight away that they have quality in one-on-one situations," said Leipzig coach Ralph Hasenhuettl of Lookman. "That was a really important win for us."
Victory saw Leipzig move up to third, drawing level on points with Bayer Leverkusen, who laboured to a 0-0 draw with Freiburg.
Lucas Alario hit the post for Leverkusen early in the game, but there were more yellow cards than chances, as seven players were booked and Freiburg once again frustrated a top team.
"It was a heated game," Leverkusen's Julian Brandt told Sky. "We knew in advance that it wouldn't be easy to come to Freiburg."
PAVLENKA ERROR COSTS SCHALKE
Leverkusen, though, remain in second after Schalke once again dropped points. Both teams profited from goalkeeping errors in Gelsenkirchen, as a late goal saw Werder Bremen snatch a surprise 2-1 victory.
A catastrophic mistake from Jiri Pavlenka gifted Schalke the lead on 24 minutes. Yevhen Konoplyanka's speculative effort flew straight at the Bremen goalkeeper, who allowed the ball to slip through theirs fingers.
"These things happen, it just looks stupid because they are the last man," said striker Max Kruse in Pavlenka's defence. "We all made mistakes on the pitch today."
With 11 minutes to go there was more farcical goalkeeping as Ralf Faehrmann allowed Kruse to equalise for Bremen.
After Matija Nastasic was sent off for a second bookable offence, Faehrmann fumbled the resulting free-kick, allowing the ball to bounce out of their hands and into the path of Kruse.
It would get worse for Schalke in stoppage time, as Zlatko Junuzovic stabbed a loose ball past Faehrmann to claim a dramatic and invaluable victory for relegation-threatened Bremen.
In the lower half of the table, Mario Gomez scored against their former club to rescue a point for VfB Stuttgart, as they welcomed new coach Tayfun Korkut with a 1-1 draw in Wolfsburg.
Liverpool loanee Divock Origi put Wolfsburg in front on 24 minutes, curling a long-range shot into the bottom corner.
Gomez, who left Wolfsburg for Stuttgart in January, levelled the scores on the hour mark, prodding the ball home from close range.
In Saturday's other game, Hoffenheim extended their winless run to five matches after throwing away a 1-0 lead to draw at Hertha Berlin.
Andrej Kramaric gave Hoffenheim the lead from the penalty spot on 39 minutes, but Salomon Kalou's header drew the home side level just before the hour mark.
On Friday, Michy Batshuayi scored twice on their debut for Borussia Dortmund after joining on loan from Chelsea as their new club won 3-2 at bottom side Cologne.
German Bundesliga results:
Mainz 0 Bayern Munich 2
Hertha Berlin 1 Hoffenheim 1
Schalke 1 Werder Bremen 2
Wolfsburg 1 VfB Stuttgart 1
Freiburg 0 Bayer Leverkusen 0
Borussia Moenchengladbach 0 RB Leipzig 1
"It's our job and it's the job of each and every one of us to get back up and to go back to work and to keep living our lives and to continue to celebrate and to do the things that these acts try to eliminate," said Sanchez, who coached at Las Vegas' Bishop Gorman High before being hired by the Rebels in December 2014.
"I think that's one of the biggest things we've learned as a nation is when these things happen, we need to grieve and we need to give it time, but we also need to keep living and keep loving and keep doing the things that make this country so great. We can never let that stop and that has to be our combined mission."
PREGAME
UNLV will honour the victims of the shooting and people who helped in the aftermath.
"While football is just a game, it can also serve as a rallying point of unity and allow all of us to recognize the incredible heroism displayed by so many this week," athletic director Desiree Reed-Francois said. "We are all extremely proud of our community's response over the last couple of days."
A full-field flag will be unfurled for the national anthem. The flag is being lent to UNLV by San Diego's Holiday Bowl, with help from the Las Vegas Bowl.
Besides the players wearing ribbon decals on their helmets, both coaching staffs will wear the ribbons and they will be given to fans.
SDSU PERSPECTIVE
A week after beating Northern Illinois 34-28 in a heated, physical matchup, the Aztecs will experience different emotions.
"Obviously, it's a much different week than normal," coach Rocky Long said. "The tragedy that's happened in Las Vegas has changed the feel of this game. Obviously it's going to be different than what we normally get ready for."
Long noted that the Rebels started slow "but are getting better and better as they go. They played well last week and we're tied for first in the Western Division of our conference so the winner of this is one up on the other. So the game is important, but it's not nearly as important as everything else that's going on."
RUNNING BACKS
Penny ranks second nationally at 164.6 yards per game and UNLV junior Lexington Thomas ranks fourth at 142.8. Penny was held to a season-low 107 yards by NIU. They had their right eye gouged by Huskies LB Antonio Jones-Davis and finished the game wearing a visor in their facemask. Penny said their eye is OK and they won't wear the visor against the Rebels. Penny's output was hurt by the absence of senior RG Antonio Rosales, who could miss their second straight game with an ankle injury.
CHASING HISTORY
SDSU is looking for its first 6-0 start since 1975, when it opened 8-0 before losing its final three games. The Aztecs are also eyeing their third straight MWC title and their fans hope they can clinch the Group of Five's bid in a major bowl.
By Bernie Wilson, The Associated Press
A political campaign fund set up in Brazil with public money to help fight corruption is not big enough for the country's 2018 general election, the head of the country's top electoral court said on Friday.
São Paulo: A political campaign fund set up in Brazil with public money to help fight corruption is not big enough for the country's 2018 general election, the head of the country's top electoral court said on Friday.
Brazil's scandal-plagued political class voted on Wednesday to establish the 1.7 billion reais (US$542 million) fund to finance election campaigns after corporate donations were banned in the wake of the country's biggest ever corruption scandal.
Backers of the fund said organised crime would step in to finance politicians if taxpayer funds were not made available.
But Gilmar Mendes, the head of Brazil's TSE electoral court, said the fund would need more money.
"This is a discussion we're going to have to continue, the debate on whether there are sufficient resources. It is evident that they will not be enough," Mendes, who is also a Supreme Court justice, said.
The ban on corporate funding coupled with the drying up of under-the-table contributions and kickbacks during Brazil's Car Wash corruption probe has left lawmakers struggling to raise money for their campaigns.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Critics of the campaign fund said it was aimed at providing funding for lawmakers seeking re-election to shield themselves from prosecution for corruption.
Mendes said one possibility to boost campaign financing next year would be to increase federal transfers to another fund that finances political parties called Fundo Partidario. The current budget estimates transfers of 888 million reais to this fund in 2017.
(Reporting by Ricardo Brito; Writing by Marcelo Teixeira; Editing by Andrew Hay)
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) — Steely Dan is coming to the City of Buffalo.
The band will play at Shea's Performing Arts Center on October 17.
Tickets for their 8 p.m. performance go on sale this Friday at 10 a.m. Prices range from $59.50 to $125.
Anyone who wants to see the show can buy a ticket at LiveNation.com or call 1-800-745-3000.
This morning the £345m AIM-listed builder published its final results for the year to 31 March and has dipped slightly despite a positive set of numbers. It posted record total revenue of £316.2m, up 8.3%, with total profit before tax exceeding original market expectations, increasing 35% to £46m. Margins rose also and the group said…
London-focused residential property developer Telford Homes (LSE: TEF) has been climbing strongly lately, with its share price up 17% in the past three months. Over five years, it's up 70%, in line with bigger names in the sector such as Barratt and Bovis Homes.
I would like to receive emails from you about product information and offers from The Fool and its business partners. Each of these emails will provide a link to unsubscribe from future emails. More information about how The Fool collects, stores, and handles personal data is available in its Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
London-focused residential property developer Telford Homes (LSE: TEF) has been climbing strongly lately, with its share price up 17% in the past three months. Over five years, it's up 70%, in line with bigger names in the sector such as Barratt and Bovis Homes.
Construction time again
This morning the £345m AIM-listed builder published its final results for the year to 31 March and has dipped slightly despite a positive set of numbers. It posted record total revenue of £316.2m, up 8.3%, with total profit before tax exceeding original market expectations, increasing 35% to £46m. Margins rose also and the group said it is “well placed to exceed £50m of total pre-tax profit for the year to 31 March 2019, representing a 100% increase over four years”.
Telford has been helped by the “robust” London market, with recent price weakness mostly at the prime end, whereas its development pipeline prices average £539,000, a figure it expects to remain relatively constant in future.
The days of double-digit house price growth may not return for some years, in my view, despite Bank of England timidity on hiking rates. This may cap share price growth although the forward pipeline looks healthy, despite London planning constraints and skills shortages.
Home front
Today, the board announced a proposed final dividend of 9p per share bringing its total dividend for the year to 17p, up 8% on 2017's total 15.7p. Telford expects to pay at least one third of annual earnings in dividends and currently offers a forward yield of 4.1%, nicely covered 2.9 times. Earnings per share (EPS) are forecast to rise 15% in the current financial year, then another 5% the year after.
As my Foolish colleague Royston Wild has pointed out, Telford is cheap right now. It trades at a forecast 8.4 times earnings, which looks tempting given its progressive dividend policy.
X men
You might also want to consider another small-cap with outsize dividend prospects, digital marketing services group XLMedia (LSE: XLM), which my colleague Rupert Hargreaves recently said offered a strong long-term growth story. Over three years, the stock is up a healthy 170%, although it has retreated in recent weeks, falling 10% as growth forecasts slip.
XLMedia uses skills to generate high-value web traffic for customers, in return for a share in revenues or fixed fees. It specialises in the $32bn online gaming sector, running more than 2,000 content-rich websites designed to attract online gamers and direct them to around 150 partners across more than 20 countries. In April it edged into a more traditional form of gaming, buying bingo comparison site WhichBingo.co.uk for an undisclosed sum.
Bingo!
The group boasts strong operating margins of 29.6%, with little debt, and a stonking 109.3% return on capital employed. City analysts are expecting a dip in its growth profile this year, with EPS falling 1% as earnings drop 12%, although both are expected to recover strongly in 2019.
That's a little disappointing, given that XLMedia currently trades at a forecast 16 times earnings. However, this £358m AIM-listed stock offers a healthy forecast yield of 3.5%, covered 1.9 times, and its long-term prospects remain promising… if you like a gamble.
A 74-page report summarizing the review's findings calls North Korea a “clear and grave threat” to the U.S. and its allies. It asserts that any North Korean nuclear attack against the U.S. or its allies will result in “the end of that regime.”
The sweeping review of U.S. nuclear policy does not call for any net increase in strategic nuclear weapons, a position that stands in contrast to U.S. President Donald Trump's statement, in a tweet shortly before they took office, that the U.S. “must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes.” In their State of the Union address Tuesday, they made no mention of expansion, though they said the arsenal must deter acts of aggression.
WASHINGTON—The Trump administration on Friday announced it will continue much of the Obama administration's nuclear weapons policy, but take a more aggressive stance toward Russia. It said Russia must be persuaded it would face “unacceptably dire costs” if it were to threaten even limited nuclear attack in Europe.
“There is no scenario in which the Kim regime could employ nuclear weapons and survive,” it says.
The Pentagon-led review of the U.S. nuclear arsenal and the policies that govern it was ordered by Trump a year ago. Known officially as a nuclear posture review, it is customarily done at the outset of a new administration.
The Trump administration concluded that the U.S. should largely follow its predecessor's blueprint for modernizing the nuclear arsenal, including new bomber aircraft, submarines and land-based missiles. It also endorsed adhering to existing arms control agreements, including the New START treaty that limits the United States and Russia each to 1,550 strategic nuclear warheads on a maximum of 700 deployed launchers.
The treaty, negotiated under President Barack Obama, entered into force on Feb. 5, 2011, and its weapons limits must be met by Monday. The U.S. says it has been in compliance with the limits since August and it expects the Russians to comply by Monday's deadline. As of Sept. 1, the last date for which official figures are available, Russia was below the launcher limit but slightly above the warhead limit, at 1,561.
“Moscow has repeatedly stated its intention to meet those limits on time, and we have no reason to believe that that won't be the case,” State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert said Thursday.
The Pentagon's nuclear review concluded that while arms control can advance American interests, “further progress is difficult to envision,” in light of what the U.S. considers Russia's aggression in Ukraine and violations of existing arms deals.
The Trump nuclear doctrine breaks with Obama's in ending their push to reduce the role of nuclear weapons in U.S. defence policy. Like Obama, Trump would consider using nuclear weapons only in “extreme circumstances,” while maintaining a degree of ambiguity about what that means. But Trump sees a fuller deterrent role for these weapons, as reflected in the plan to develop new capabilities to counter Russia in Europe.
The administration's view is that Russian policies and actions are fraught with potential for miscalculation leading to an uncontrolled escalation of conflict in Europe. It specifically points to a Russian doctrine known as “escalate to de-escalate,” in which Moscow would use or threaten to use smaller-yield nuclear weapons in a limited, conventional conflict in Europe in the belief that doing so would compel the U.S. and NATO to back down.
“Recent Russian statements on this evolving nuclear weapons doctrine appear to lower the threshold for Moscow's first-use of nuclear weapons,” the review said.
The administration proposes a two-step solution.
First, it would modify “a small number” of existing long-range ballistic missiles carried by Trident strategic submarines to fit them with smaller-yield nuclear warheads.
Second, “in the longer term,” it would develop a nuclear-armed sea-launched cruise missile — re-establishing a weapon that existed during the Cold War but was retired in 2011 by the Obama administration.
Robert Soofer, a senior nuclear policy official at the Pentagon who helped direct the policy review, said Moscow is likely to push back on the U.S. plan for fielding those two additional weapons.
“I'm sure they won't respond well,” Soofer said Thursday.
The press secretary at the Russian Embassy in Washington, Nikolay Lakhonin, said they would not comment until the review had been made public.
Asked whether the two new nuclear weapons are needed to deter Russia, Defence Secretary Jim Mattis said Friday, “We are deterring nations that have spoken about using nuclear weapons.”
The Associated Press reported last month on key elements of the U.S. nuclear review, based on a draft version of the document, including its endorsement of the Obama administration plan for fully modernizing the nuclear arsenal by building a new strategic bomber, a new land-based intercontinental ballistic missile and a new fleet of nuclear-armed ballistic missile submarines. It also endorsed modernizing the network of communications systems, warning satellites and radars, and command centres that are used to control the nuclear arsenal.
Kolkata: Urging the need to create sports cities, cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar on Saturday said their vision is to see India becoming a multi-sport nation.
"I would like to see India as a multi-sport nation. We should also look at creating 'Sport Cities'. There is a need for more and more sports academies to nurture young athletes along with creating new infrastructure to catapult India from a sports watching nation to a sports playing nation," Tendulkar told PTI on Saturday.
"Every child should have the right to play and have access to infrastructure. Over the years I have seen various sports gaining grounds in terms of awareness in people and the government initiatives towards it. Sports like Badminton, football, kabaddi among others have seen increasing awareness and appreciation towards athletes," Tendulkar, a Rajya Sabha MP said.
"Appreciation is important for athletes and has the ability to motivate them to achieve their full potential.
I applaud the 'Khelo India' initiative of Indian government. It is the step in the right direction, and strong grass roots competitions will surely make us more competitive," Tendulkar said.
Here in the city to promote the IDBI Federal Life Insurance Kolkata Full Marathon, Tendulkar who will flag off the race tomorrow furthter called for a "Swasth Bharat".
"The nation contributes to the overall development of the country. There has been an increase in number of people suffering from lifestyle diseases over the years. Being fit is not a luxury but the need of the hour. It is the change we need to make, if we see ourselves competing with other nations."
"Being associated with the marathons from IDBI Federal gives me an opportunity to spread awareness and inspire people to take up healthy lifestyle habits," Tendulkar said.
Concerned that India has become the diabetes capital of the world, the cricket icon said: "It is not something we should be proud of. Each one can motivate the other to inculcate the habit of walking, exercising, running or taking up one sport and moving towards a healthy lifestyle.
Advertisement
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, who in the past sparked fury over comments about Africans, arrives in The Gambia on a charm offensive Tuesday as its new government considers rejoining the Commonwealth.
Johnson is to meet President Adama Barrow and visit the British-funded Medical Research Council, their ministry said, resetting ties after years of tension with former president Yahya Jammeh.
Jammeh frequently railed against Britain's colonial rule of the tiny nation, and Johnson will be the first British foreign minister to visit since independence in 1965.
Johnson has hailed the December elections that unseated Jammeh after 22 years in power in The Gambia, saying they “highlight the continuing strengthening of democracy in West Africa”.
FORMALISE STATEMENTS
The visit will be their first to the continent as Britain's top diplomat.
The talks with the president are expected to formalise statements by Barrow during campaigning last year that The Gambia would resume its place in the Commonwealth group of former British colonies.
Barrow worked as a security guard in Britain when they were younger and has made no secret of their wish to rekindle ties.
The Gambia has also just notified the United Nations it will rejoin the International Criminal Court (ICC), reversing another controversial Jammeh move from last year.
Johnson said ahead of the visit they were “very pleased that Gambia wants to rejoin the Commonwealth and we will ensure this happens in the coming months.”
Advertisement
Jammeh withdrew their nation from the group in 2013, calling it “an extension of colonialism”, but Johnson has their own history of controversy with Britain's former territories in Africa.
CONTROVERSIAL COMMENTS
In a news column published in 2002, Johnson characterised the Commonwealth as having “crowds of flag-waving piccaninnies,” to welcome Queen Elizabeth II, using a derogatory term for black people that caused outrage.
They also parodied reaction to Tony Blair's arrival in Congo saying that “the tribal warriors will all break out in watermelon smiles to see the big white chief touch down”.
The comments came back to haunt them when they ran for London mayor in 2008, and then again when they were named foreign secretary last year after Britain's shock Brexit vote.
Diplomatic sources have said Britain is likely to target justice reform as an area in which it can provide expertise to the new government.
In a show of confidence in the Gambian tourist industry, which is dominated by British sunseekers, Johnson is taking a commercial flight to Banjul, and will also meet hoteliers.
Tourists were flown out of the country en masse in January after Jammeh declared a state of emergency when they lost the election to Barrow but refused to stand down.
On Wednesday morning, Johnson will head to Ghana to meet President Nana Akufo-Addo and visit the Blue Skies company, a juice-maker which has received financial support from Britain.
A former portfolio manager at Visium Asset Management LP was sentenced to 18 months in prison on Wednesday following their conviction on securities fraud charges stemming from an investigation that led the New York-based hedge fund to close last year.
REUTERS: A former portfolio manager at Visium Asset Management LP was sentenced to 18 months in prison on Wednesday following their conviction on securities fraud charges stemming from an investigation that led the New York-based hedge fund to close last year.
Stefan Lumiere, 46, was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Jed Rakoff in Manhattan federal court, according to federal prosecutors.
Prosecutors had said in a brief filed in court that they believed a sentence of up to 14 years would be appropriate. Lumiere's lawyers, Jonathan Halpern and Jon Friedman, said in a joint statement that they were by the lighter sentence and that Lumiere planned to appeal.
Lumiere, whose sister was married to Visium founder Jacob Gottlieb when they worked at the hedge fund, was found guilty of conspiracy, securities fraud and wire fraud charges in January after a six-day trial.
The trial followed a investigation of Visium that prompted the US$8 billion firms wind-down and charges against three others, including Sanjay Valvani, a portfolio manager who committed suicide in June after being accused of insider trading.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Prosecutors said Lumiere and others conspired from 2011 to 2013 to mismark the value of securities held by a bond fund, which invested in debt issued by healthcare companies and which in 2012 reported peak net assets of US$471.5 million.
Lumiere and others rigged the process of valuing the Visium Credit Opportunities Fund's distressed-debt holdings by, among other things, obtaining sham quotes from brokers, who gave them the inflated values they wanted, prosecutors said.
The case is U.S. v. Lumiere, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 16-cr-00483.
(Reporting By Brendan Pierson in New York; Additional reporting by Nate Raymond; Editing by Bill Trott)
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Indian health authorities on Monday delivered oxygen to a public hospital where 63 people have died of encephalitis in recent days, nearly half of them children, as it ran out of medical supplies because of unpaid bills, triggering public outrage.
GORAKHPUR, India: Indian health authorities on Monday delivered oxygen to a public hospital where 63 people have died of encephalitis in recent days, nearly half of them children, as it ran out of medical supplies because of unpaid bills, triggering public outrage.
The deaths of the children have again exposed India's underfunded and poorly managed public healthcare despite Prime Minister Narendra Modi government's vows to revamp the system.
Hundreds of people die each year in India of encephalitis, a mosquito-borne disease common during the monsoon season, and no medical official directly linked the recent deaths to a lack of oxygen.
But complaints that the hospital in the eastern city of Gorakhpur did not have enough supplies has stoked anger against the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party which governs Uttar Pradesh state.
"We now have adequate supplies of oxygen cylinders, there was a shortage last week... but I am not in a position to say whether they were the cause behind the deaths," R.K. Sahai, a senior medical officer in the hospital, said.
Television images of parents emerging from the hospital carrying the bodies of infants and alleging they died because there they didn't get oxygen have led to a firestorm of criticism of chief minister Yogi Adityanath, a saffron-robed Hindu hardliner who took office earlier this year.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Bipin Singh said their six-year-old daughter died on Thursday because of lack of oxygen and they had seen six other children die for the same reason.
"My daughter and other children were unable to breathe. We kept telling the nurses that they should call the doctors. The doctors said they have ordered for oxygen cylinders but we never saw them being used."
Bahadur Nishad, who lost a four-year-old son suffering from encephalitis, said they were ready to pay for the oxygen cylinders himself.
“They told me there was a shortage of cylinders," they said and turned their wrath on chief minister Yogi Adityanath whose electoral constituency is Gorakhpur.
Other parents spoke of desperately trying to arrange basic materials such as cotton gauze, glucose injections and blood supplies as their children struggled for life in the wards.
Patients continued to stream into the hospital over the weekend. Some 450 patients suffering from encephalitis were admitted on Saturday alone, of whom 200 were children under 12, hospital records showed.
Many were being treated on the floor and near toilets due to the shortage of beds.
Government expenditure on public health is about one percent of GDP, among the world's lowest. In recent years, Modi's government has increased health spending and vowed to make healthcare more affordable.
The Uttar Pradesh government fired the head of the hospital as well as the doctor who headed the paediatrics department to head off criticism from the opposition.
But Rajeev Misra, the sacked chief of the hospital, told reporters they had repeatedly written to the state administration to release funds to pay suppliers.
Sahai, the medical officer at the hospital, said authorities were investigating the reasons for the shortage of oxygen cylinders.
(Writing by Sanjeev Miglani; Editing by Nick Macfie)
Police in New York City are looking for a suspect who they say robbed a 68-year-old in a walker and put them in a chokehold before stealing $300. The same person is accused of robbing a 48-year-old man in the same way and at the same apartment complex in February. New York Police Department
- Advertisement -
The Kwara State Governor, Alhaji Abdulfatah Ahmed, on Sunday said they and the Senate President, Bukola Saraki, would not return to the Peoples Democratic Party despite the recent call on them to do so by former Vice-President Atiku Abubakar.
They said they were committed to using the platform of the ruling All Progressives Congress to deliver service to the people.
Ahmed spoke in an interview with journalists in Abuja.
They said while they had cause to leave the PDP as of the time they left, they had no reason to abandon the APC now.
The governor explained that people decide to defect from one party to the other when their expectations are not met in their current party.
This, they added, was largely informed by lack of patronage especially when put side-by-side with electoral promises.
The governor said, “It is very unlikely for us to return to the PDP because we are not unhappy with where we are in terms of expectations, service delivery and direction of governance.
“When you are already working towards achieving result, you will want to see that the result get to the people before you will begin to say you want to jump boat.
“We don't have any reason to jump boat for now. Don't forget that we left the PDP because we had reasons to do so. We don't have reasons to leave now. We have reason to see that service delivery is given to the people.
“We are committed to ensuring it gets to the people. When I used the word ‘we,' it is inclusive of the Senate President. We are fully committed to using the instrumentality of the APC to deliver service to the people and we have a strong direction. It will be foolhardy to abandon that, leave and go and start all over again. When I say ‘we,' I am talking about the political group in Kwara.”
Ahmed explained further that former President Goodluck Jonathan made it easy for them to leave the PDP because they did not inaugurate any project in Kwara State.
The governor however said they did not see the national convention of the PDP held on Saturday as a threat to the APC but a welcome development.
They said the ruling party was in need of a viable opposition party.
Ahmed said, “No, their convention was not a threat. In fact, I expect that they should organise themselves because we require a vibrant opposition. Don't forget that it is when there are checks and balances in the system that allow you to see areas of deficit and improve on what you are doing.
- Advertisement -
“Without a viable opposition, we may likely not be able to see what we are doing wrong. You know the system is full of people that will always tell you what you want to hear but from the perspective of the opposition, you will begin to see clearly areas that require adjustment and improvement. For me, their coming onboard is a welcome development.”
For those claiming that their state is under Saraki's grip, the governor said it would be foolhardy of them to run the state independent of the Senate President or any other person that had contributions to make.
They said they would continue to rely on Saraki's opinion because they (the governor) learnt a lot under their administration when the Senate President was the state governor.
Ahmed said, “Kwara State Government is run under institutional frameworks that are working. I was part and parcel of my predecessor's administration. I was part and parcel of the policy formulation which formed the bedrock of what I am driving in the state today.
“It will be foolhardy to say I want to run the state independent of their input. It will also be foolhardy to say I want to run independent of others that have things to contribute to the state.
“What makes good governance is inclusiveness. Traditionally, people are used to seeing sitting governors fighting their predecessors and sitting Presidents fighting their predecessors. That has robbed us of continuity, improvement and upscaling.
“We keep forgetting that governance is about service delivery. We believe that as far as governance is about the people of the state, we will continue to work together because it was under their administration I understood politics, policy formulation and service delivery.
“It will be foolhardy for me to begin to run independent of their opinion and input as well as those before him.
“We have for once made Nigerians to see the benefit of continuity. If this can be translated to what we do at the national level, Nigeria will be better off for it.”
Ahmed also said it was unfair to judge the APC government at the national level in just two years of being in the saddle.
They said it was impossible anywhere in the world to correct societal wrongs in two years.
- Advertisement -
Uber will defend its right to operate in London in a court hearing on Monday after the app was deemed unfit to run a taxi service and stripped of its license in its most important European markets.
Regulator Transport for London (TfL) shocked the Silicon Valley firm by rejecting its license renewal bid in September, citing its approach to reporting serious criminal offences and background checks on drivers.
Uber's 40,000 drivers, representing around one in three of all private hire vehicles on the British capital's roads, can continue to take passengers until the appeals process is exhausted, which could take years.
The legal battle pitches one of the world's richest cities against a tech giant known for its forays into new markets around the world that have prompted bans, restrictions and protests, including by drivers of London's famous black cabs.
Uber's lawyers will begin their appeal at Westminster Magistrates' Court on Monday, in what is expected to be a largely administrative hearing designed to set a date for a fuller hearing next year.
Chief Executive Dara Khosrowshahi has apologised to Londoners and met TfL Commissioner, Mike Brown, in October for what both sides described as constructive talks.
- Advertisement -
Brown told Reuters in November that “there are some discussions going on to make sure they are compliant.”
Months of legal wrangling are likely unless the Silicon Valley app, valued at around $70 billion with investors including Goldman Sachs (GS.N), can come to a new arrangement with the regulator.
“We continue having constructive discussions with Transport for London in order to resolve this,” an Uber spokesperson said ahead of the hearing.
“As our new CEO Dara Khosrowshahi has said, we are determined to make things right.”
Losing its London license was just one of many blows to Uber this year as a stream of executives left amid controversies involving allegations of sexual harassment and issues surrounding data privacy and business practices.
In Britain, Uber is looking to appoint a new boss after Jo Bertram announced their departure less than two weeks after London's decision
It also faces potential problems in the northern English city of Sheffield where its license has been suspended and in Brighton, southern England, where local officials extended the firm's license for only six months to give them more time to consider the outcome of the dispute in London.
Jeremy Hunt has denied reports that the new Department of Health building will include a £44,000 bathroom suite for their own use.
The private bathroom with a designer toilet, power shower and sensor-activated lights has been commissioned for the Health Secretary in the department's new offices in Victoria, south London, according to the Sun.
The Department of Health, currently based in Whitehall, was unable to give details about plans for a suite, and did not confirm how much it would cost, who it would be for or where it would be located.
Mr Hunt tweeted: "Today's @TheSun story totally false. TRUE I requested shower for long dist cyclists in new Dept Health offices (as in current office).
"FALSE it was for my own use. My cycle 2work only 10 mins so no need 2 'freshen up' as story elegantly says. But let's encourage cyclists!".
It comes at a time of increased pressure and looming cuts to the NHS, which has been told to make £22 billion in efficiency savings by 2020.
A Department of Health spokesperson said: "The Health Secretary has not approved any costs relating to the department's new building, but has requested facilities for all cyclists and runners in line with those the department currently has."
BASRA, Iraq (Reuters) - The Iraqis who pick over their country's old battlefields for military scrap metal and wiring have few other ways to make a living, but the task comes with enormous risks.
A general view of Bitr village, which in Arabic means "amputation", in Al-Tanouma district, east of Basra, Iraq March 26, 2018. REUTERS/Essam Al-Sudani/Files
So numerous are the wounds inflicted by mines and ordnance in Jurf al-Milh that the southern Iraqi village is better known as al Bitran, which means “the amputees” in the local dialect.
Hundreds of villagers have lost limbs to mines and unexploded ordnance from the Iraq-Iran war of 1980-1988.
Al-Bitran, east of the city of Basra, is near the Shatt al-Arab waterway which marks the border with Iran.
The first victims were mainly sheepherders who took their herds to graze in areas not marked as minefields, even though they were strewn with unexploded bombs and artillery shells.
Sheno Abdullah is one of those who lost a leg in an explosion. “In 1980, when the war began, Iranian planes dropped bombs on our region at dawn, everybody left but a few,” they said.
“When the war ended, people returned, but they didn't know that the land was full of mines,” they said, speaking at the small mosque where they serves sometimes as muezzin, the one who makes the Muslim call to prayer.
A demining team works near the village of Bitr, which in Arabic means "amputation", in Shalamjah district, east of Basra, Iraq March 4, 2018. REUTERS/Essam Al-Sudani/Files
In 1991, the village, like the rest of Iraq, descended deeper into poverty as a result of international sanctions imposed on the country following the occupation of Kuwait.
Collecting scrap metal and electric wires from military hardware left on the battlefields became a means of livelihood for many in the village, and the result was in increase in the number of people maimed.
“I was out (in the field) to seek my living from God, collecting iron and copper; the kilogram of flour had become so expensive,” said Falih, who lost leg and five finger tips in an explosion.
As the number of amputees grew in southern Iraq, a prosthetics and orthotics workshop opened in 1995 in Basra with the help of the International Committee of the Red Cross, providing artificial limbs to around 8,000 patients.
The workshop makes up to 50 prosthetic parts a month. About a third of the patients who come to the centre lost limbs because of diabetes, 10 percent suffered various kinds of accidents, with the rest mainly war and war-related casualties, including al-Bitran villagers, said one of the centres' directors, Mohsen al-Sayed.
Slideshow (4 Images)
Shi'ite paramilitary groups known as Popular Mobilisation began a demining campaign last month near al-Bitran, using bulldozers and specialized vehicles to clear the desert area.
The Enhanced Career and Education Fair will, for the first time, differentiate participating full-time national servicemen on whether they want to work or study after they complete NS.
SINGAPORE: About 2,000 jobs are on offer at a one-day career fair for full-time national servicemen (NSFs) who are about to complete their National Service.
The Enhanced Career and Education Fair, held at the Lifelong Learning Institute on Tuesday (Aug 15), is the eighth quarterly edition to be held since November 2015.
This quarter's edition features two components: A career fair where 30 employees from nine different industries are participating, as well as an education exhibition. This is the first time organisers are adopting a targeted approach during the fair, with NSFs differentiated on whether they want to work or study after they complete National Service.
Representatives from various organisations at the career fair. (Photo: Calvin Hui)
To do this, organisers are tapping on technology, with NSFs asked to register electronically a month before the fair, and indicate details such as previous course of study, preferred industries, job interest and salary expectations.
With the information on hand, organisers can better match NSFs to either prospective employers or educational institutions at the fair, depending on their preferences.
Advertisement
Advertisement
A list of employers was then curated by organisers to match the preferences of the NSFs. A personalised QR code with their stated preferences was also generated for NSFs, and can be used at the fair when they meet prospective employers so they do not have to manually complete application forms.
Employers at the fair include those from industries such as security, oil and gas as well as hospitality.
Another 6,000 jobs from the Jobs Bank will also be made available on a customised virtual platform, and only accessible to registered NSFs. This will run till Aug 29 this year.
Registering online also allows NSFs to access e-resources online to prepare them for a career switch after they complete National Service.
The fair is organised by Workforce Singapore, the Ministry of Defence and the Ministry of Home Affairs, and organisers are expecting about 4,000 NSFs from the Singapore Armed Forces and Home Team to attend.
NEW YORK: Wall Street stocks finished solidly higher on Monday (Aug 14), joining most global equity markets that gained on easing concerns about North Korea.
Pentagon chief Jim Mattis and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said in an opinion piece for The Wall Street Journal that the United States favours a diplomatic solution to the stand-off with Pyongyang, especially with help from China, though they stressed diplomacy is "backed by military options."
Investors greeted the more conciliatory tone after US stocks dropped three days in a row last week on President Donald Trump's vow of "fire and fury" if North Korea continued to pursue its nuclear weapons and ballistic missile programmes.
"The sell-off was triggered mostly by the heated rhetoric over North Korea. The president used some language that shocked many investors," said Alan Skrainka, chief investment officer of Cornerstone Wealth Management.
"It was an immediate reaction from investors to concerns that a military action was possible and now people are taking the issue more in stride."
The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 135.39 points (0.62 per cent) to 21,993.71.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The broad-based S&P 500 rose 24.52 ponts (1.00 per cent) to 2,465.84, while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index advanced 83.68 points (1.34 per cent) to 6,340.23.
Banks were strong, with JPMorgan Chase gaining 1.1 per cent, Goldman Sachs adding 1.5 per cent and Bank of America up 2.3 per cent.
Technology shares were also mostly up, with Apple, Amazon and Facebook all advancing about 1.5 per cent.
But energy shares were under pressure as oil prices tumbled. Apache and Devon Energy both lost nearly two per cent and Dow member Chevron declined 0.5 per cent.
The upcoming Ontario election? It's a tie!
No: the NDP are pulling ahead.
Wrong! The PC party is winning.
Actually, the NDP is doing better but the Tories will still win more seats.
And so on, and so forth.
It seems to be all up in the air as to whether the PCs or NDP will win next week's provincial election. The only thing everyone can agree on is that the Liberal party will be dead last.
Maybe.
Kathleen Wynne's approval rate has actually gone up, probably as a result of the recent televised leader debate.
But Doug Ford or Andrea Horwath will be our new premier.
“I don't think the public is thrilled with any of these choices,” says Lorne Bozinoff, president of Forum Research. “There's no real star in terms of approval ratings. The more popular vote is with Doug Ford, and next is with Andrea Horwath. But what's going to happen between now and D-Day? That's the real question. How people react on the day of the election is anyone's guess.”
Although recent polls suggest it's neck and neck for the Tories and the NDP, Forum Research's most recent results show the PC party now pulling ahead. Forum's large sample — 2602 Ontario voters were surveyed — makes that finding significant.
But the general attitude, otherwise, toward this election?
Hold your nose and vote.
This new Forum poll differs slightly from other recent polls.
An Angus-Reid poll, for example, involving 773 people, put the PC and NDP parties in a dead heat, with the NDP at 39% — a slight advantage — and the PCs at 37%.
The Liberals trailed with only 17% of voters onside.
Interestingly, the Angus-Reid poll showed more people (33%) thought the PC party would be the best one to form government over the NDP (27%); were this a popularity contest, Andrea Horwath would win with a favourability rating that's double that of Doug Ford or Kathleen Wynne.
Mind you, Horwath's popularity has declined slightly over the last few days.
A Maclean's-Pollara poll also claims the NDP is ahead and their lead is growing.
Pollara Strategic Insights says the NDP have 43% of the decided vote, with the PC party and Doug Ford down five points at 32% and the Liberals at 17%.
The uptick in NDP support is said to be a result of the televised debate last Sunday. The Pollara poll surveyed 802 Ontario voters.
The Innovative Research Group conducted a poll that showed a tight race for the NDP (36%) and the PC party (34%), with the Liberals at 22%; an Ipsos poll also put the Liberals at 22%, but they show more support for the PC party (37%) than for the NDP (34%)
The new Forum poll released late Wednesday afternoon shows the PC party pulling ahead with 39% support from decided voters versus 35% for the NDP. The Liberal party nabbed only 19%.
The large Forum sample size adds weight to their prediction of a PC majority with 77 seats; the NDP would serve as official opposition with 41 seats, and the Liberals would win six seats.
Bozinoff uses the term “horse race” to sum up the current situation.
“The NDP had the momentum, but seem to have stalled in the aftermath of a strong performance by Kathleen Wynne in the debate. The PC numbers under Ford have rebounded and they now have them poised for the premier's chair,” Bozinoff said. “And the PC party has a seat advantage … there may be some parked votes out there — parked meaning not committed —and, of course, we don't know what the turnout will be on election day.”
People may be prompted to turn up and vote, says Bozinoff, if the race continues to stay this close.
But nothing is set in stone.
A Hartlepool woman has been jailed after they're admitting stealing more than £17,000 from the charity where they used to work.
Joanne Fairless was employed as a manager by Hart Gables - a charity which provides services to lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender people from its offices in Hartlepool, Stockton, and Middlesbrough.
A previous hearing at Teesside Magistrates' Court heard Fairless raised false invoices and pocketed the cash by diverting payments to themselves and their nephew.
Magistrates were told 23 cheques were raised for a total of £13,273 which was paid into their account.
Invoices were also raised for £3,950 which was paid into a family members' account.
Hart Gables is run by a team who dedicate their time to making sure that the local LGBT community has access to a friendly and professional network.
Bosses at the charity say Fairless' theft has had a “devastating impact” on the organisation.
Lynn Dalton, prosecuting, said: “An investigation found this defendant had raised invoices for work not done to a value of £3,950.
“Payments were made to an account held by their nephew.
“It was also found Fairless had raised 23 cheques to a value of £13,273, which were paid directly to their account.”
Fairless, of Lamberd Road, Hartlepool, admitted theft between March, 2016, and May of last year.
At a hearing at Teesside Crown Court they were given eight months imprisonment and four months concurrent respectively.
Following the case Tracey Herrington, chairperson of Hart Gables, said: “We feel very disappointed that a member of our team showed so much disrespect for Hart Gables and its work.
“However, the remaining team members are united in putting this behind us and carrying on positively in our work to support the North East LGBT community.
“We thank our service users, volunteers and supporters from across the community who continue to support us enthusiastically in the aftermath of the actions of one individual.”
A former Labour first minister has urged Jeremy Corbyn to throw the party behind efforts to stop Britain leaving the European Union.
Henry McLeish issued a plea to Labour's leadership to use the "natural majority" for remaining in the EU at Westminster to "derail and ultimately defeat" Brexit.
Mr McLeish, who served as Scotland's first minister from 2000 to 2001, also said it is the "final call" for the party on the issue of the constitution before Scotland moves towards independence.
Addressing an audience at the Edinburgh International Book Festival about their new book Citizens United, Mr McLeish described Brexit as a "national act of self-harm" with "simply no benefits".
They said: "Can I also say to Labour's leader at this point , if Labour had half a campaign running before the referendum, Brexit would not have won.
"The second point then is an invitation to Jeremy and (shadow chancellor) John McDonnell to put their own ideas of the EU and Europe behind them and use the House of Commons and/or another referendum to make sure that there's a proper debate on this empty box that we voted on, once it is filled up.
"We are internationalists, Labour. By instinct and history we believe that protections for employees should be in place and not squandered in the return of legislation to Britain.
"There are so many pressing needs that Labour could embrace and I believe that the leadership of the Labour Party should now four-square be behind remaining."
Mr McLeish, who has previously said they could back Scottish independence in the event of Brexit, said they are "nearly there" on the question of an independent Scotland but added that they still hope federalism could be "the key to unlocking the constitutional door for Labour in Scotland".
They said: "We (Labour) have done ourselves a whole lot of damage by pretending that this will go away. It isn't going to go away and Labour must now rejoin enthusiastically the constitutional debate and not press for a vote on independence, another referendum on independence, but a referendum on the future of Scotland, and that could have another question.
"I make an appeal to the Labour Party, do not be afraid of the constitutional question.
"You cannot go around and say to Scots, we're against having another referendum. If Scots want another referendum they shall have another referendum.
"The way to defeat independence if you're Labour is to engage in the battle, engage in the referendum, win your case, win the vote. And as a democrat, that's what they should be doing."
Mr McLeish said they believe that if there was nothing other than independence on the table, Scotland could move towards another referendum on the issue within three to five years.
"This is the final call for Labour before Scotland moves towards independence," they said.
But the former first minister said they also questioned whether it is already "too late" for federalism as it appears to be "an abstract debate" that is "not even on the radar screen of Westminster".
SINGAPORE: The Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) issued a consultation paper with proposals to simplify the authorisation process and regulatory framework for venture capital (VC) managers on Wednesday (Feb 15).
Currently, VC managers are subject to the same regulatory framework as other fund managers. However, MAS said at a briefing that differences between VC managers and fund managers make some rules less relevant.
Announcing the review of regulations for VC managers last year, Deputy Prime Minister and MAS chairperson Tharman Shanmugaratnam had noted that VC funds and fund managers were typically smaller in size and headcount than traditional asset managers, and contribute to the economy in a different way by supporting entrepreneurship in Singapore and the region.
MAS capital markets assistant managing director Lee Boon Ngiap said the proposed simplified regime “recognises the lower risk they pose, given their business model and sophisticated investor base”.
Under the simplified authorisation process, MAS will no longer require VC managers to have directors and representatives with at least five years of relevant experience in fund management. Instead, the regulator said it would focus primarily on ensuring the VC managers are fit and proper.
MAS also proposed to simplify the regulatory framework so new and existing VC managers will no longer need to be subject to the same capital requirements and business conduct rules as other fund managers.
Mr Lee said the proposed changes “will allow new VC managers a faster time-to-market and reduce their ongoing compliance burden. We hope this will attract more VC managers to spur them to play a greater role in supporting entrepreneurship and innovation".
Still, the central bank said it was important that the VC industry remained sound, had good governance and adequate controls against financial crime, and upheld high standards of integrity.
MAS will continue to require VC managers to comply with anti-money laundering obligations and retain regulatory powers to deal with errant VC managers.
There are currently 30 VC fund managers in Singapore that provide capital and expertise to businesses that are in the start-up or early growth phases.
While the industry has been growing at a healthy rate, MAS said there was still room to further expand the size and scope of VC funding available for startups. The simplification of the authorisation process and regulatory framework for VC managers is also part of the regulator's support for the Committee on the Future Economy's (CFE) recommendations announced last week.
The public consultation will last until Mar 15, and MAS said it hoped to roll out the changes by July this year.
Australia all-rounder Mitchell Marsh said they were ready to go if their improved batting in domestic cricket earned them the nod for the third Ashes test against England that starts in Perth on Thursday.
SYDNEY: Australia all-rounder Mitchell Marsh said they were ready to go if their improved batting in domestic cricket earned them the nod for the third Ashes test against England that starts in Perth on Thursday.
The 26-year-old underwent shoulder surgery earlier this year and faced nine months on the sidelines but returned for Western Australia in October and scored 680 runs in all forms of cricket at an average of 68.
They have scored two centuries, a 95 and 80 in their 14 innings and is expected to be in competition with Peter Handscomb for a position in the third test lineup.
If selected, elder brother Shaun is likely to move to number five with Mitchell slotting in at six, where their medium-pace bowling will complement the all-out pace trio of Mitchell Starc, Josh Hazlewood and Pat Cummins.
"I am renowned as the 'glue' of the fast bowling cartel," Marsh told reporters in Perth on Tuesday.
"I did a bit of sucking up and I'm back in their WhatsApp group. The cartel is happy to have me back. I got invited to dinner last night. It was a huge honour," they added with a laugh.
Advertisement
Advertisement
While Marsh's improved batting had no doubt put them back in the frame, the all-rounder said their reconstructed shoulder was holding up well to the rigours of bowling.
"Shoulder's feeling really good, body's feeling really good, got through the last two Shield games bowling, ready to go if I get the chance," they said.
"I know I'm in great form at the moment, I probably didn't expect to get back in so soon after my injury. I've worked hard over the last nine months to get my body back into shape.
"If I get an opportunity to play, I'll bowl as many overs as Smudger (captain Steve Smith) needs me to bowl.
"Rhythm-wise, the ball's coming out really well, pace-wise I think I'm up where I was 18 months ago."
Marsh added that their possible test return on their home ground, which was hard and generating good pace, would be special if they get to play with their brother, but the job was to wrap up the series with two tests remaining.
"It'd be nice to be back playing for Australia and playing with Shaun again, it's always special," they said.
"But we're playing an Ashes test and we have an opportunity to win the series so all I'm focused on, if I get an opportunity, is doing my job for the team."
(Writing by Greg Stutchbury in Wellington; Editing by Nick Mulvenney)
The Academic Staff Union of Polytechnics (ASUP) on Wednesday declared its support for a single five-year tenure for Rectors and other principal officers of polytechnics.
According to the union, this will enhance the speedy development of the education sector in the country.
Mr Usman Yusuf Dutse, the National President of ASUP made the position known during the union's 91st National Executive Council (NEC) meeting in Federal Polytechnic Nasarawa, Nasarawa State.
They said that the single term for Rectors and other principal officers would not only promote accountability, but also curtail internal conflicts as a result of 4-year renewable tenure of the management of polytechnics.
According to him, experience has shown that Rectors and principal officers perform well in their first term and when they come for the second, they change completely.
“We are in full support of a five years single tenure of Rectors and principal officers and I believe that the Federal Government will not kick against that,” they said.
They also called for the appointment of Rectors within the polytechnic system, saying it would go a long way in improving the standard of education and welfare of the staff.
Earlier, Dr Yusuf Hussaini, Chairman of ASUP, Federal Polytechnic Nasarawa chapter, said the NEC meeting was to brainstorm, review developments and to decide on the way forward in the sector.
Hussaini commended the acting Rector of the Polytechnic, Alhaji Abdullahi Alhassan Ahmad, for supporting the union toward the holding of their NEC meeting.
The branch chairperson also appealed for the appointment of the Rector within the institution in the interest of peace and development of the sector.
Hussaini said that the chapter had built a standard secretariat for the union in the institution in order to promote productivity among its members.
They also said that the union had built a standard restaurant and was planning to develop various ways of improving its revenue.
This, they said, would help to reduce dependence on membership dues for development of the association.
Hussaini reiterated their commitment to embarking on projects and programmes that would have a direct impact on the lives of the union members and students, for the overall development of the institution.
One of two small grass fires at Munson Pond Park on Wednesday has been called suspicious by the Kelowna Fire Dept.
The fire dept. is also thankful at least two local residents acted quickly in preventing the fire from spreading further.
“We had reports of a possible grass fire by Munson Pond,” said Capt. Tim Hill of the Kelowna Fire Dept. “Luckily, a couple of passers-by noticed it and stomped it out before we got on scene.”
“With the public, just be very careful with that stuff,” added Hill. “They did a great job today and kept it from moving.”
READ MORE: Fireworks celebrations set off hundreds of grassfires in Australia
firefighters doused Wednesday's two small fires, checking for hot spots at the same time. Notably, a small fire at Munson Pond was extinguished on Tuesday.
Hill said one of Wednesday's fires looked suspicious, and that police were on scene investigating.
“A little bit suspicious,” Hill said of three fires in two days. “That's why we called the RCMP to have them investigate.”
Regarding Wednesday's two fires, one was along a flat area, while the second was off a path.
“Just saw smoke as we came around the corner,” witness Frank Shalagan said of the bigger, flat-area fire. “We saw a little lady standing here and they were phoning 911. The flames were still fairly small, so I went and started stomping them out.”
READ MORE: Fire marshal probing 3 suspicious fires in central Hamilton
After helping stomp out part of the fire and waiting for the fire department to arrive, Shalagan said they had no idea as to how the fire started. They also didn't know there was a second fire, albeit much smaller, approximately 40 feet away.
“I wonder if there's somebody doing it on purpose,” Shalagan surmised.
The woman who phoned 911, Arina Vanderpol, said they were walking around Munson Pond like they do most mornings when they noticed smoke rising from a patch of ground.
Having done the first of three laps, Vanderpol said on their second lap they noticed smoke “that wasn't there the first time. So these people came and they started stomping around the edges. And we actually got it out around the edges. It was just burning in the middle still.”
Like Shalagan, Vanderpol said they don't know how the fire started.
“Just one biker passed me and I passed them. And that's all. Not a friendly biker, because I said good morning and they didn't say anything.”
“We've only been here a couple of months; we know this is fire season,” added Vanderpol, who lives close to Munson Pond. “Who would flick a cigarette butt?”
READ MORE: North Van RCMP investigating suspicious grass fires
Shalagan says they walk along Munson Pond every day.
“I moved from the city,” they said. “It's pretty quiet around here. It's my new hometown now, so I was concerned because what happened last year with all the forest fires around B.C.
“Anytime you see a fire, it's a pretty sensitive subject.”
Asked for their thoughts on seeing fires fairly close to where they live, Shalagan said “it burns me in a way, so to speak, because this is a beautiful area, this whole city is beautiful.
“Anytime you see destruction, or potential destruction, you want to try to do something about it if you can. If (the fire) had gotten much bigger, I don't think there's much I could have done about it.”
Theannounced today that three White County residents and three Pope County residents have been arrested for illegal hunting in Colorado and Arkansas.The state's Game and Fish Commission worked on the investigation with its counterparts in Colorado and the federal government.Daniel Ross, Hunter Ross and a juvenile who live in White County, near Romance, were charged with 115 game violations, including multiple counts of hunting wildlife in a closed season, hunting at night and transporting illegally taken wildlife.The White County investigation led to three additional arrests in Pope County, near Hector: Kelly “Bubba” Samuels, Kirk Killins and Daron Killins were arrested and charged with 54 game violations, including multiple counts of night hunting, hunting during a closed season and big game tagging requirements.
“This record was the first time where I really wanted the whole band to write with me in the process.”
To view this content, Join Today or Sign In The Benefits of Membership: Subscription to the American Songwriter Print Magazine
Access to all Feature Magazine Content Online
Access to Print Edition Archives
Premium content in our Songwriter U section
Discounts on vinyl, Songwriter services, and other American Songwriter Partners
Exclusive access to members-only contests and giveaways Click to Join We've started an American Songwriter membership! Click here to learn more.
WASHINGTON: US pop star Lady Gaga Saturday (Feb 3) announced they had cancelled the last 10 shows of the European leg of their world tour due to "severe pain."
In a statement posted on Twitter, the Grammy award-winning singer told fans they were "devastated" but said the decision to cancel the dates on their Joanne World Tour - their fifth headlining tour - was "beyond their control."
"My medical team is supporting the decision for me to recover at home," they said.
"I need to put myself and my well-being first," they added.
Shows affected include dates in London, Paris and Berlin, as well as Stockholm, Zurich and Copenhagen.
Dates in Cologne, Germany and Manchester, England were also halted.
Advertisement
Advertisement
It comes after the Born This Way singer cancelled another show in Rio de Janeiro in September after being hospitalised, also due to severe pain.
Lady Gaga, who shot to global fame in 2008 with their hit debut single Just Dance, has previously revealed they suffer from the chronic pain condition fibromyalgia.
Advertisement
Distributors of the Dangote foods companies, including Dangote Flour, Sugar and Salt smiled home as the management of the Companies doled out over N2 billion as rewards for their loyalty to the companies over the past one year.
At a colourful Gala night which the distributors were hosted to, top performers in each of the six geo-political zones as well as national leading distributors were duly recognised with plagues and cash rewards of varying amounts.
President of Dangote Group, Aliko Dangote, said the recognition and cash rewards was in the character of the Companies management to appreciate their loyalty customers who stood by the organizations through thick and tin.
They explained that the management hold their distributors in high esteem because they are the reason for the success recorded by them in 2016 despite the economic challenges and the difficult operating environment businesses found themselves.
“Our achievements would not have been possible without you. You stood by us through tick and thin. We appreciate the confidence reposted in us to serve you. We came into these businesses at a time Nigerians have preferences for imported foreign foods, even if inferior.
“Because you are behind us we have succeeded and today we take the lead while others follow in ensuring we domesticated all our production processes and by so doing good creating jobs locally”
Dangote informed the distributors of their Group's venture into rice production saying it is a very ambitious project and that in two years time, Dangote Rice Limited item will be churning out one million tonnes.
They stated that mission of Dangote rice is to wipe out all imported rice from the homes of Nigerians noting that by the time Dangote rice comes on stream, “Nigerians would not talk about Thai rice again, because our rice will be finer than imported ones.”
Advertisement
While urging the customers to remain committed and loyal to Dangote products, they promised that the managements of the food companies under Dangote Group would double the over N2 billion given out as rewards.
Dangote disclosed the food companies would replicate the same achievement recorded in cement industry through backward integration such that every component of their production processes would be domesticated to ensure all the products are available in all nooks and crannies of Nigeria and at the same price.
Also speaking, the Executive Director of Dangote Flour, Hajiya Halima Aliko-Dangote, said what the companies did was just a token of appreciation for the volume sales recorded by the distributors despite the economic doldrum.
They stated that the managements were encouraged by the loyalty of the distributors to continue to invest in innovation and research extensively on how to make their products more consumer friendly continuously in line with the realities of the time.
In their address of welcome email earlier, Chairman of the Dangote Flour, Asue Ighodalo said the distributors have proven to be dependable allies with their patronage of Dangote products and loyal to the brands in all circumstances.
The Dangote Flour boss said 2016 was indeed a difficult year for most businesses saying some closed down, some scaled down their operations and in the process retrenchment their staff. Dangote food companies rather absorbed the substantial higher cost of inputs so that the customers would remain in profitable business .
“However, it is to your credits our dear distributors that in that particular challenging year, Dangote Food companies waxed stronger, produced more, sold, more and gave returns to all stakeholders hence our gathering together tonight. Tonight is your night, and tonight is your day”, they stated.
They said no region in the country did not do well and that is why the companies are happy to reward them bountifully. Ighodalo challenged them not to rest on their oars but strive to sell more.
IBM has launched a blockchain starter pack designed to make it easier and more affordable for startups and developers to quickly begin building blockchain applications.
The IBM Blockchain Platform Starter Plan – a low-cost, easy-to-use version of the IBM Blockchain Platform where users can get started setting up test networks – is now generally available in 10 languages for users globally.
The Blockchain Platform Starter Plan makes IBM's enterprise-level technology accessible so organisations of any size can set up networks on the IBM Blockchain Platform via the IBM Cloud with the click of a button. It also provides a dynamic testing environment for getting blockchain applications right and ready to offer in a stable and scalable enterprise setting.
Developers, startups and enterprises can build blockchain proof-of-concepts quickly and affordably with an end-to-end blockchain development experience: a secure test environment, suite of education tools and modules and one-click network provisioning. In addition, new users automatically receive a US$500 credit to help start their first blockchain network when they sign up.
By Jenna Cocullo
Globally, women's rights have been making significant progress these past few weeks when it comes to contentious debate on abortion.
Last month in a landslide vote — 66.4% for repealing anti-abortion legislation and 33.6% against — the women of Ireland won their rights to expand access to abortions.
Last week in Argentina, at the end of a lengthily 23 hour debate, congress legalized abortions up to 14 weeks into a pregnancy.
But while women in other parts of the world are busy gaining their rights, the United States is slowly taking them away.
On Tuesday, their supreme court ruled in favour of faith-based ‘crisis pregnancy centers' who are no longer obliged to inform women that free or low-cost abortions may be options elsewhere. Things could only get worse.
With a new vacancy announced on the supreme court, right-wing activist will seize this opportunity to repeal Roe vs. Wade, a landmark decision in 1973 that decriminalized access to abortions.
Historically, main opposition to abortion laws stem from religious affiliations, so when states are proposing to repeal their pro-choice legislation, essentially what they are saying is that they are taking directives from the church.
Ireland and Argentina's historical votes signal the dwindling hold of the church's values over their constitutions – as it should be. But the United States' actions signal a regression. Malawi is tethering on either side.
Malawi's Termination of Pregnancy Bill of 2015, which proposed to expand legal abortions to include cases of rape, fetal malformation, and incest has yet to be passed by parliament.
Health care experts here informed me that as a result of strong opposition from the church, the bill has still not be implemented by government.
The definition of a secular state is one that governs without influence from religious factions. The church has many rules and positions, for example it has a position against alcohol but it cannot go to the state and say that you cannot buy alcohol in the country.
So it is problematic when the state is taking cues from religious groups on what to do on it's positioning on abortions.
If we look at abortion laws without the churches arguments, then there is no compelling reason left to deny women safe and legal access to terminate them pregnancy.
In the past abortions were criminalized to protect a women's lives because many were dying during the procedures.
However, with new technologies and better health facilities these reasons no longer hold any validity because it is now safe for women to receive abortions in medical clinics, and it is illegal abortions that are forcing them to put their lives at risk.
In the United Kingdom they reformed their abortion laws when unsafe abortions contributed to 14% of their maternal mortality rate. Here in Malawi unsafe abortions contribute to 18%.
Each day doctors at Queen's hospital see 15-20 women seeking post abortion care after they tried to terminate their pregnancy themselves or through unqualified doctors.
A lot of the women have their wombs removed because they don't use sterile stuff to procure their abortions. They come in with rotting wombs after they insert sticks in their vagina to abort the child.
Generally 80% of women seeking abortion are married and their reason for termination is simply because it was unplanned, meaning they do not qualify for safe legal abortions, so even if the law passed it would still not be enough to protect women.
Of course religious groups will continue to protest in the name of saving lives, but let's not forget that a liberal abortion law does not force anyone to have an abortion.
So while not everyone might be pro-abortion they can certainly be pro-choice.
Advertisement
A former Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, Dr. Andrew Yakubu, is to be charged for alleged fraud.
The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, sources hinted that Yakubu, whom the anti-graft agency seized a staggering $9.7m (N2.96bn) and £74,000 (N28.19m) will be charged to court.
This is coming just as a Federal High Court, sitting in Kano, presided over by Justice Zainab Abubakar, on Tuesday, ordered the forfeiture of the sum of $9.7m (N2.96bn) and £74,000 (N28.19m) recovered from Yakubu to the Federal Government.
Justice Abubakar ordered the temporary forfeiture of the cash recovered from the ex-NNPC GMD's residence following an ex parte application by the EFCC, seeking an interim forfeiture of the recovered money to the Federal Government.
The ex-parte application was moved by Salihu Sani, counsel for the applicant.
Justice Abubakar ruled, “That the sums of $9,772,000 and £74,000, which are now in the custody of the applicant (EFCC), are in the interim forfeited to the Federal Government of Nigeria.”
The EFCC had, last week, said it uncovered the huge money, hidden in a bungalow belonging to Yakubu, in Kaduna.
Yakubu was arrested and arraigned alongside the Chairman of Atlantic Energy Brass Development Limited and Atlantic Energy Drilling Concept Limited, Jide Omokore, last year, but was later converted to a prosecution witness.
With the recent discovery of undeclared funds, sources within the EFCC are now in doubt whether they would remain a prosecution witness.
An EFCC detective stated, “Yakubu was reporting to our office in Abuja almost on a weekly basis. Sometimes, they would dress as if they had no money. Imagine our surprise when we stumbled on their loot.”
Advertisement
The detective said that the former NNPC boss failed to make a full declaration of their assets when they completed their EFCC Asset Declaration Form A last year.
The source added, “Yakubu is accused of failing to make full declaration of their assets when they completed the EFCC Asset Declaration Form A, which is contrary to Section 27(1) of the EFCC (Establishment) Act 2004 and punishable under Section 27(3) of the same Act.”
When asked whether the commission had been able to determine the source of the recovered funds, the detective said investigations, so far, implied that the money, which Yakubu termed ‘gifts', were kickbacks.
They said, “The fraud at the NNPC is very deep-rooted. There are various aspects of our investigation but so far, we believe that the monies found at Yakubu's house are kickbacks.
“You will also recall that the NNPC gets about 445,000 barrels of crude oil per day for the swap deal. Under the swap deal, the NNPC takes out the 445,000 barrels daily to foreign refineries where they are refined.
“Nigeria is supposed to be given petrol, kerosene and diesel in return. However, a large portion of the crude goes missing on the high seas. These have been sources of income for past NNPC top management.”
A report obtained by an American TV station, PBS News Hour, showed that in February 2014 alone, while Yakubu was still in charge of the NNPC, out of 32 ships carrying Nigerian crude oil, about 19 didn't deliver the same amount of oil they had picked up.
Yakubu is still in custody, assisting in the EFCC investigations, the commission's spokesperson, Wilson Uwujaren, said.
Boeing Co said on Monday it would raise its quarterly dividend by 20 percent to US$1.71 per share and replace its existing share repurchase program with a new US$18 billion authorization.
REUTERS: Boeing Co said on Monday it would raise its quarterly dividend by 20 percent to US$1.71 per share and replace its existing share repurchase program with a new US$18 billion authorization.
The new dividend will be payable March 2 to shareholders of record as of Feb. 9, the planemaker said.
The company said it expected that repurchases under the new buyback program would be made over the next 24 to 30 months.
(Reporting by Uday Sampath in Bengaluru' Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
A new health partnership was launched in Alberta on Tuesday with the goal of improving the coordination of health care service delivery to First Nations children in the province.
The First Nations Health Consortium is a partnership between the Bigstone Health Commission, the Kee Tas Kee Now Tribal Council, Maskwacis Health Services and Siksika Nation.
“This consortium will be the link between those families and connecting with the services,” said Tyler White, CEO with Siksika Health Services and president of the First Nations Health Consortium. “Our responsibility is to support, advocate and provide referrals… for First Nations children in the Alberta region.”
White added the consortium is the first initiative of its kind in Canada.
The First Nations Health Consortium will advocate for indigenous people from 11 First Nations in three treaty areas in Alberta.
The idea behind the consortium was born out of a landmark ruling from the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal last January. It found First Nations are adversely affected by inadequate funding which was found to be discriminatory and in some cases, indigenous people were denied services because of government's involvement.
READ MORE: Human Rights Tribunal finds Ottawa discriminated against First Nations children
The ruling also called on the federal government to implement Jordan's Principle – a policy designed to ensure First Nations children are able to access health care services without getting caught in red tape.
Federal Health Minister Jane Philpott announced the federal government will provide the consortium with about $5 million over the next three years.
“Helping First Nations children get the care and support they require is of utmost importance to the Government of Canada,” they said in a statement. “Enhanced service coordination will make it easier for families to access vital services.”
Alberta Children's Services Minister Danielle Larivee also attended the consortium announcement in Edmonton on Tuesday. They said their government was not funding the new consortium but was committed to working with it.
“Our First Nations children are Alberta's children as well and it's essential that we work together with the federal government, with our First Nations… to ensure that we can move forward with the kind of collaboration that will make sure that First Nations kids do receive the same level of service.”
The inspiration behind Jordan's Principle is the tragic story of Jordan River Anderson, an indigenous by with a rare disorder who had to be hospitalized as soon as they were born. A dispute between Ottawa and the Manitoba government about who should pay for their care in a medical foster home was never resolved and Jordan died in hospital before they could ever be moved to a home.
READ MORE: Ottawa slammed on First Nations funding for child welfare, suicide prevention
A private member's motion, which became known as Jordan's Principle, was put forward to call for an end to bureaucratic wrangling when it comes to health care for First Nations children. On Dec. 12, 2007, the House of Commons unanimously supported the motion.
“Sadly, we've had many different Jordan River Andersons before them and still after them so the battle is still ongoing,” White said on Tuesday.
Larivee said Jordan's Principle is essentially to put the interest of child first and that whomever (federal government or provincial government) encounters the child first is to provide them with the services they need, on and off reserve.
“There are substantial jurisdictional issues in terms of who's responsible and that's exactly what happened with Jordan,” they said.
READ MORE: Ottawa's failure to act is putting children's lives on the line: First Nations advocate
Watch below: In January 2017, Cindy Blackstock with the First Nations Child and Family Caring Society spoke to Vassy Kapelos about First Nations child welfare.
Sheldon Kennedy, a prominent advocate for survivors of childhood sexual abuse, was among those who attended Tuesday's announcement. They said they were happy to see more being done for children in Alberta.
“These things don't happen without tenacity, persistence and a willingness to do better, to fight for our kids,” Kennedy said. “At the (Sheldon Kennedy) Child Advocacy Centre, we were always told that it couldn't be done. Our systems just don't work that way.
“Well, we proved them wrong.”
The First Nations Health Consortium will now begin developing a “child-centered service coordination model that will effectively and efficiently” ensure the health care needs of indigenous children are met. The group says it wants to be “the link between the child and the needed program (or) service.” It plans to implement its plan in the spring of 2018 and begin evaluating its effectiveness in spring of 2019.
-with files from Tom Vernon and Amy Minsky.
Disney always has something new (and sweet) up its sleeve. At this point, you could go to the parks just to let your foodie flag fly. We thought they'd shimmered themselves out with the latest batch of sparkly desserts. If you agree and you're craving some more edible glitter ASAP, run to Disneyland for their most recent launch: the pineapple churro.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Covered in sugary crystals, the new churro glimmers in the light, making for a seriously gorgeous snack time. Sweets lovers can also add marshmallow dipping sauce for $1 ... and why wouldn't you?
Your Instagram feed won't know what's comin'.
Disney
The pineapple churros are available for purchase for $5.25 at the cart in front of Sleeping Beauty's Castle.
Several food bloggers have already tried — and Instagrammed — the new dessert.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
One captioned, "We thought it was pretty good ... but I'm not a fan of pineapple flavoring."
Despite their opinion, the comment section was still on fire. Others wrote: "gasp! That looks amazing!!" and "Can't wait to try next wknd 🎉🎉🎉."
Another blogger captioned their snap, "The Pineapple Churro smells and tastes great!🍍 And yes the marshmallow dipping sauce totally worked with this churro!"
You'll have to be the judge the churro for yourself. We're not telling you to skip the rides, because there's no greater thrill — but there also is an amusement park full of pretty desserts waiting for you. Priorities are in order!
Follow Delish on Instagram.
A portable device common in optometrists' offices may hold the key to faster diagnosis of schizophrenia, predicting relapse and symptom severity and assessing treatment effectiveness, a Rutgers University study finds.
In the study, published in the May 2018 issue of the Journal of Abnormal Psychology, researchers used RETeval, a hand-held device developed to record electrical activity from the retina, to replicate and extend prior studies showing that people with schizophrenia had abnormal electrical activity in the retina. This was the first time a portable device was used for these tests. The results show the device accurately indicated reduced electrical activity in the retina in multiple cell layers in the participants who had schizophrenia, including in cell types that had not been studied before in this disorder.
“Schizophrenia is a devastating disorder, probably the most disabling disorder long term. Although we know quite a bit about it, it's still not that well understood,” said Steven Silverstein, professor of psychiatry at Rutgers Robert Wood Johnson Medical School and director of research at Rutgers University Behavioral Health Care (UBHC), who designed the study. “Our study should help generate further research into developing a test that clinicians – like psychologists, psychiatrists or nurses – can use in their offices to diagnose, treat and monitor the condition of people with schizophrenia.”
Looking at biomarkers in the eye as a way to understand psychiatric disorders is a new field of study.
“Since the retina is part of the nervous system, what is happening in the retina is likely reflective of what is occurring in the brain,” Silverstein said. “For example, we know that certain changes in the retina, like thinning tissue [due to cell loss] or weakening electrical activity, occur alongside loss of brain tissue and reduced brain activity in patients with neurological disorders like multiple sclerosis and Parkinson's disease. We and other researchers are now investigating whether retinal changes are related to brain structure and function changes in schizophrenia.”
In the just-published study, the researchers evaluated 50 participants: 25 with schizophrenia and 25 with no diagnosed psychiatric disorder. In the test, the participants closed one eye and placed the other against the RETeval device, which flashed 10 to 20 white or colored lights of various intensity against a white or colored background. A tiny skin electrode was placed on the skin under the eye to record the retina's electrical activity. The participants were tested in normal light and after sitting in the dark for 10 minutes to assess activity in different types of retinal cells. Most individual tests were completed within two minutes.
“Since many of our participants were experiencing severe psychiatric symptoms, such as hallucinations and delusions, we wanted to use a test that was as noninvasive and quick as possible,” Silverstein said.
“While the portable device clearly distinguished people with schizophrenia from those without a psychiatric diagnosis, it's too soon to call this a diagnostic tool,” said lead author Docia Demmin, a graduate assistant in UBHC's Division of Schizophrenia Research and a doctoral student in Rutgers Department of Psychology. “However, since every prior study has found that people with schizophrenia exhibit reduced retinal wave forms and slowed retinal responses, our research shows that we're closing in on an accurate test that is faster, less invasive, inexpensive and more accessible to patients.”
WASHINGTON: No evidence has emerged to suggest Russian hacking influenced the outcome of the U.S. presidential election and it would be irresponsible to jump to conclusions before receiving a final intelligence report, Donald Trump's spokesperson said on Monday.
"There is zero evidence that they influenced the election," Sean Spicer told Fox News.
Due to become White House press secretary when Trump enters the White House on Jan. 20, Spicer told CNN the president-elect would see the intelligence report once it was completed later this week. On Saturday, Trump warned against being quick to pin the blame on Russia for the hacking of U.S. emails.
"The idea that we're jumping to conclusions before we have a final report is irresponsible," Spicer told CNN.
President Barack Obama expelled 35 Russian suspected spies and imposed sanctions on two Russian intelligence agencies last week for alleged Kremlin involvement in hacking that intelligence officials said aimed to help the Republican Trump defeat Democrat Hillary Clinton in the Nov. 8 election.
Leading lawmakers from both parties have voiced alarm at the suggestion of Russian interference, whether or not it made a difference in the outcome.
Republican John McCain, chairperson of the Senate Armed Services Committee, has scheduled a Thursday hearing on foreign cyber threats. The new Congress, elected on Nov. 8, takes office on Tuesday.
Calling for closer ties with Russian President Vladimir Putin, Trump has repeatedly played down the hacking affair.
Over the weekend Trump said they knew "things that other people don't know" and would disclose some information on the issue on Tuesday or Wednesday. They gave no further detail.
"He's going to talk about their conclusions and where they think things stand," Spicer told CNN. "He's not going to reveal anything that was privileged or shared with them classified."
On Sunday Spicer said the White House may have disproportionately punished Russia.
"It's baffling," U.S. Representative Eric Swalwell, a Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, told MSNBC on Monday. "President-elect Trump does not have any better information than President Obama."
A Gallup Poll released on Monday showed less than half of Americans were confident in Trump's ability to handle an international crisis, to use military force wisely or to prevent major scandals in their administration.
The poll said at least seven in 10 Americans were confident in presidents Obama, George W. Bush and Bill Clinton in those areas before they took office.
(Writing by Susan Heavey; Editing by Howard Goller)
