A Research Study Titled, “Healthcare Cybersecurity Market By End User (Pharmaceuticals & Chemicals, Medical Devices, Health Insurance,Hospitals & Other End Users), Type Of Threat ( Malware, Ddos, Advanced Persistent Threats (Apt), Spyware, Lost Or Stolen Devices, Other Types Of Threat) And Type Of Solution (Identity And Access Management, Risk And Compliance Management, Antivirus And Antimalware, Ddos Mitigation, Security Information And Event Management (Siem), Intrusion Detection System (Ids)/Intrusion Prevention Syst”, Published By Crystal Market Research
Market Highlights:
The Healthcare Cybersecurity Market is expected to witness considerable growth over the forecast period during the forecast period. The worldwide healthcare cybersecurity market is anticipated to establish a solid framework on the developing need of system security, a kind of IT security generally looked for by healthcare associations. Access control and distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) relief is a portion of the very modern kinds of system security arrangements that guarantee insurance. In addition, the end-client consumption on these arrangements is anticipated to keep seeing an ascent because of its mounting awareness. In 2016, network security displayed a ruling execution in the market. Different sorts of security, for example, remote, cloud, and application could likewise add to the general development.
Request a Sample of this Report @ https://www.crystalmarketresearch.com/report-sample/HC061041
Regional Outlook and Trend Analysis
North America is expected to witness considerable growth over the forecast period. Major factors crediting to its huge offer incorporate a high number of assaults focusing on the associations in that locale, the nearness of different fortune 500 medicinal services associations, and high spending on research and development. Furthermore nearness of computerized persistent records, high employments of organized gadgets are additionally adding to the territorial development. The energetic monetary development and innovative progressions in that district give plentiful chances to criminals to hack into the systems and take significant information.
Competitive Insights
The leading players in the market are Symantec, Trend Micro, Cisco, IBM, Paulo Alto Networks, Lockheed Martin, MacAfee, FireEye, Northrop Grumman and others. The major players in the market are profiled in detail in view of qualities, for example, company portfolio, business strategies, financial overview, recent developments, and share of the overall industry.
Healthcare Cybersecurity Market – By Region:
Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa)
North America (U.S, Canada, Mexico)
Europe (Germany, France, UK, Italy, Spain, Rest of Europe)
Asia-Pacific (Japan, China, Australia, India, South Korea, Rest of Asia-Pacific)
Rest of the World (Brazil, South Africa, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, Others)
Table of Contents
Introduction Executive Summary Market Overview
3.1. Introduction
3.1.1. Market Definition
3.1.2. Market Segmentation
3.2. Market Dynamics
3.2.1. Drivers
3.2.2. Restraints
3.2.3. Opportunities
Market Analysis by Regions Healthcare Cybersecurity Market, By End User Healthcare Cybersecurity Market, By Type of Threat Healthcare Cybersecurity Market, By Type of Solution
7.1. Introduction
7.2. Global Healthcare Cybersecurity Revenue and Market Share by Type of Solution (2014-2018)
7.2.1. Global Healthcare Cybersecurity Revenue and Revenue Share by Type of Solution (2014-2018)
7.3. Identity and Access Management
7.3.1. Global Identity and Access Management Revenue and Growth Rate (2014-2018)
7.4. Risk and Compliance Management
7.4.1. Global Risk and Compliance Management Revenue and Growth Rate (2014-2018)
7.5. Antivirus and Antimalware
7.5.1. Global Antivirus and Antimalware Revenue and Growth Rate (2014-2018)
7.6. DDoS Mitigation
7.6.1. Global DDoS Mitigation Revenue and Growth Rate (2014-2018)
7.7. Security Information and Event Management (SIEM)
7.7.1. Global Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) Revenue and Growth Rate (2014-2018)
7.8. Intrusion Detection System (IDS)/Intrusion Prevention System (IPS)
7.8.1. Global Intrusion Detection System (IDS)/Intrusion Prevention System (IPS) Revenue and Growth Rate (2014-2018)
7.9. Other Types of Solution
7.9.1. Global Other Types of Solution Revenue and Growth Rate (2014-2018)
Healthcare Cybersecurity Market, By Region Company Profiles
9.1. Cisco
9.2. IBM
9.3. FireEye
9.4. Symantec
9.5. Trend Micro
Global Healthcare Cybersecurity Market Competition, by Manufacturer
10.1. Global Healthcare Cybersecurity Revenue and Market Share by Manufacturer (2016-2017)
10.2. Global Healthcare Cybersecurity Price by Region (2016-2017)
10.3. Top 5 Healthcare Cybersecurity Manufacturer Market Share
10.4. Market Competition Trend
Healthcare Cybersecurity Market Forecast (2018-2023)
Check discount offer for Report click on the link @ https://www.crystalmarketresearch.com/check-discount/HC061041
What Our Report Offer:
1) An extensive research study on the Global Healthcare Cybersecurity Market, and its entire ecosystem, describes the market trends, drivers, restraints and opportunities of the Healthcare Cybersecurity Market.
2) We provide you the longest possible market segmentation based on type of products, procedures and geography and describe the market share region wise.
3) The report gives a bird eyes view on the competitive landscape which includes mergers and acquisitions, collaborations, market strategies, and new product launches.
The current plan for tonight's RAW is for The Ultimate Deletion match between Matt Hardy and Bray Wyatt to close the broadcast, according to PWInsider. This is the match that was taped at Matt's compound in Cameron, NC a few weeks back.
Samoa Joe is backstage for tonight's show but there's no word yet on if they will be returning. This is the first time Joe has been backstage for TV since the Royal Rumble match.
John Cena and Ronda Rousey are also backstage at tonight's RAW. Rousey is scheduled for an in-ring promo tonight.
It's a debate that you may not know exists, but in the world of social media, it has been a hotly debated topic.
So fierce is the debate over the pronunciation of Primark that some customers have even asked in stores across the UK about the proper way to pronounce Primark.
Others have submitted a written question on the ‘help' section of the Primark website.
Much debate has followed the brand over the pronunciation of their name, with customers debating whether it should be called “Pr-eye-mark” or “Pree-mark”.
Finally, Primark have revealed the correct way to say their store name.
In the ‘other stuff' segment of their ‘queries' page, where you can search for FAQs, they answer the question: “How do you pronounce Primark?”
They responded saying: “That's a very good question. We like to use Pr-Eye-Mark.”
Have you been wrong this entire time? How do you say Primark?
Editor's note: Language within the article has been changed to better reflect the nature of the secondary quota and the impact it will have on Panhellenic recruitment. A previous version of this piece said the secondary quota applied to sophomore women. The quota includes sophomore and junior women.
—
In a close 5-4 chapter vote on Nov. 30, Lehigh's Panhellenic Council passed a secondary quota for upperclassmen during formal recruitment.
The secondary quota encourages each chapter to invite back a certain number of upperclassmen participating in recruitment per round.
In years past, few sophomores were offered an invitation, otherwise known as a bid, to join a sorority. In 2017, 65 percent of sophomores who rushed were not placed in a chapter, compared to 19 percent of first-year students.
Panhel's vice president of external recruitment, Sabrina Schulman, '18, said one of the reasons the initiative to adopt the secondary quota began was after a sophomore who did not receive a bid emailed the Panhellenic Council adviser. The student complained about the bias against sophomores within Lehigh's Panhellenic community. As a result, the Panhel recruitment team conducted research asking sorority members about their protocols during recruitment and found that the bias did exist and the numbers supported it.
Madison Hirsh, Panhel's vice president of internal recruitment, spearheaded the change in quotas. They said after looking at the drastic numbers, they recognized there was something wrong with the Panhellenic community and wanted to initiate change.
Hirsh started to search for solutions by having conversations with each chapter's recruitment chair about the cause of the problem and potential secondary quota numbers.
“It's not that the chapters thought the sophomores were bad or that they didn't have the qualities sororities look for in potential new members,” Hirsh said. “But the sororities were rationalizing the issue for a weird mix of reasons.”
Once the statistics had been presented to the sororities, it was clear something needed to change.
To ensure more upperclassmen have a better opportunity to receive a bid, the secondary quota will encourage chapters to invite back a specific amount of first-years and a specific amount of upperclassmen to each recruitment round. As recruitment progresses and the process becomes more selective, the number of first-years and upperclassmen invited back to each chapter will decrease.
“This is the same as how it traditionally is, but now with a separate pool of upperclassmen,” Schulman said.
They said the secondary quota will make it easier for chapters, since they won't have to choose between inviting back a first-year or an upperclassman since they will not be in the same category.
Hirsh said they believe the chapters will no longer have to rationalize why they should take a first-year over an upperclassman with the same exact credentials, which has ultimately given upperclassmen a disadvantage.
Schulman said for a lot of chapters, deciding between a first-year and a sophomore was a matter of financial interest. If there is a disproportionate amount of members graduating in a year, then the chapter will lose money from not collecting dues. The secondary quota will alleviate that pressure for chapters to decide.
Hirsh said some chapters of Panhel may have hesitated to vote in support of the secondary quota because it is a new concept. They said chapters have been concerned about not fulfilling the secondary quota, but Hirsh said it will work about the same as it has in the past.
If a chapter does not meet the quota, the sorority will need to participate in continuous open bidding following recruitment to meet the primary or secondary quota. Continuous open bidding is an informal way for sororities to recruit a few women to join chapters after or before recruitment if the chapter is under quota.
“I don't think it'll be that much of a change,” Hirsh said, “(each chapter) will submit two lists instead of one.”
Schulman said the sophomores and juniors will be engaging in the same mutual selection process as first-years. Every rule and procedure that applies to first-years also applies to upperclassmen.
“We are just distinguishing them to give everyone an equal playing field,” they said.
Sarah Moran, '18, participated in formal recruitment as a sophomore. They remember hearing by word of mouth that chapters were going to cut a lot of sophomores because they wanted more first-years in their houses.
“Rushing as a sophomore is definitely a different experience, because there is such a small number of others doing it too,” Moran said.
They said it was harder to rush as a sophomore than as a first-year student because of the stigma against offering sophomores bids.
Moran believes the quota was a smart decision by Panhel to give everyone a fair chance.
Rebecca Kearns, '19, the recruitment chair for Alpha Chi Omega sorority, said they hadn't previously noticed how few sophomores and juniors were placed in houses. After seeing the numbers of upperclassmen placed and hearing the secondary quota proposal, they were on board with the change.
“I think the quota is going to make a big difference this year and relieve some of the stress from both the chapters and potential new members,” Kearns said.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City have sold out their allocation for Friday night's Championship match at Burton Albion.
Blues announced this afternoon that the final tickets had been snapped up.
Harry Redknapp's team will be backed by an away following of 1,700 for the trip to the Pirelli Stadium.
Blues fans will be located in the Russell Roof Tiles Stand and the Carling Stand.
The team go in search of their first away win of the season after losing 1-0 to Ipswich Town at Portman Road on the opening day.
Blues bounced back with victories over Crawley Town in the Carabao Cup and Bristol City in the Championship and are in league action against Bolton Wanderers at St Andrew's tomorrow night.
The Burton match will be screened live on Sky Sports on Friday, kicking off at 7.45pm.
The Scottish Conservative Party has lambasted the Scottish National Party (SNP) for failing to support IRA victims – ahead of a meeting with families of three murdered soldiers today.
The three fusiliers were murdered by the IRA in Belfast in 1971.
Dougald McCaughey and brothers John and Joseph McCaig were off duty in a bar when IRA members lured them to meet girls.
Instead, they shot them on the outskirts of north Belfast.
Three Scottish Soldiers campaign director Kris McGurk said the families are due to meet the Scottish Conservative Party today, after being disappointed by the SNP.
In February Scottish first minister and SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon made a written apology to the families after SNP MSP John Mason suggested the IRA killers were “Irish freedom fighters”.
The families requested a meeting with Ms Sturgeon, but they passed them to their Minister For Veterans, Keith Brown.
They asked them to request information from British and Irish authorities on the suspects for a private legal action against the IRA suspects. However, they have now refused to do so.
“Surprisingly, Mr Brown has told the families that it is a matter for Westminster not Holyrood,” Mr McGurk said.
However, Scottish Tories have voiced support for the campaign.
Ahead of their meeting with the families, Scottish Conservative veterans spokesperson Maurice Corry MSP said: “The families of these men are understandably furious at the response of the SNP on this.
“The initial remarks by John Mason were a disgrace, and the lack of condemnation from the SNP was astonishing.
“I'm happy to meet with these campaigners and hear more about what they are hoping to achieve. We cannot allow their deaths to have been in vain.”
A Scottish government spokesperson said Ms Sturgeon and Mr Brown had described the murders as “deplorable” and said it is “deeply disappointing” no one has been brought to justice.
“Keith Brown met the campaign earlier this year – but it is not for any government to become involved in private legal action or to intervene in any police investigation,” they added.
• The latest target for the legal action is £25,000; www.crowdjustice.com/case/three-scottish-soldiers/
Cheques payable to ‘The Three Scottish Soldiers Fund' can be sent to McCue & Partners, 4th Floor, 158 Buckingham Palace Rd, London.
Cuba is bracing itself for a potential shift in US policy, amid expectations that US president Donald Trump could unveil a new policy towards the island this week.
There are expectations that Mr Trump may announce new measures when they travel to Miami, Florida, where they are scheduled to deliver a speech on Friday.
Mr Trump met with Florida senator Marco Rubio, their former rival as Republican nominee for president, for dinner at the White House last week. Mr Rubio, a Cuban-American, has been a fierce opponent of former president Barack Obama's Cuba policy which saw the reopening of diplomatic relations between the two countries for the first time in half a century.
Among the possibilities being mooted by the White House are the tightening of travel rules. While technically US citizens are not permitted to travel to Cuba for tourism purposes, they are permitted to visit relatives or for educational, cultural or business activities. Mr Trump may seek to tighten the rules to ensure that those travelling to the country are entitled to do so.
Since the diplomatic breakthrough in December 2014, there has been a three-fold increase in US visitors to Cuba, delivering a huge financial boost to a country that is heavily dependent on tourism.
Mr Trump said during the presidential campaign that they would have negotiated a better deal with Cuba than Mr Obama, who became the first sitting US president to visit Cuba in more than 50 years when they visited in March last year.
Rights violations
Addressing lawmakers in the Senate on Tuesday, secretary of state Rex Tillerson said the US must see an end to human rights violations in Cuba if it is to continue normalising relations. In comments that indicated the Trump administration's toughening stance on the former cold war foe, Mr Tillerson told the senate foreign relations committee: “We think we have achieved very little in terms of changing the behaviour of the regime in Cuba ... and it has little incentive today to change that.”
Meanwhile, Mr Trump's defence secretary, James Mattis, told a senate committee on Wednesday that they had been given the authority by the president to determine troop levels in Afghanistan, as the United States continues to mull over sending more troops to the region.
The head of the Pentagon said that no decision had yet been made about sending more troops to try and turn the tide on the 16-year conflict. The chief commander in the region earlier this year said thousands more troops were needed to avoid stalemate. Approximately 8,400 US troops are stationed there alongside troops from other Nato countries.
The move by Mr Trump to delegate responsibility to their defence secretary is part of a broader trend that has seen the president give the Pentagon more authority.
Warehousing and logistics sector has been thriving as the spine of industrial activities in India and is enticing significant investor interest in the past few years. Lately, the growth of the sector has accelerated with the launch of strong initiatives like Make in India, National Manufacturing Policy (NMP) and favorable policy regimes allowing 100% Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) in e-tailing marketplace, coupled with impending roll-out of the Goods and Services Tax (GST). Moreover, rapid growth in e-commerce, retail, fast moving consumer goods (FMCG), auto and auto ancillary, chemical and pharmaceutical industries are driving the demand further and hence pushing the enormous warehousing volume growth to next level.
“The organized warehousing sector is poised for an interesting time ahead in the short to medium term, as the envisaged spurt in demand for organized top quality warehousing is expected to exceed available quality supply in major cities across India. Dearth in quality supply and escalating land prices have always remained the woes of large manufacturing companies and e-commerce companies that are constantly expanding their footprint. It is a good time for developers / investors to evaluate this sector to add to quality organized warehousing infrastructure keeping in perspective the latent demand and consolidation/expansion expected post GST roll out”, said Shyam Arumugam, Associate Director, Office Services, Colliers International India.
As per Colliers Research, several international companies are hopeful about the Indian logistics market with announcements of various global players to increase their capacity of transporting goods back and forth from Indian cities. Few companies like FedEx, Kintesu World Express, DHL and TNT have already entered India, through mergers, acquisitions and joint ventures engaged with Indian logistics companies. Recently, Canada Pension Plan Investment Board's (CPPIB) acquisition of a majority stake in IndoSpace, for ~USD500 million, marked the largest industrial and logistics deal in India. We also noted that the e-commerce logistics businesses are highly optimistic on the rise of demand for supply chain services in India and quite a few companies' like Amazon, Delhivery and 4tigo Network Logistics secured infusion of funds on their warehousing activities recently. Also the warehousing occupiers like Amazon and DHL announced plans to expand their warehouses in near future.
With a vision to lift India amongst the top 5 manufacturing destinations in the world by 2020, various government initiatives are dedicating greater focus on setting up superior manufacturing infrastructure in the country. NMP has been framed to increase the share of manufacturing in the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) from 16% to 25% by 2022. Furthermore, the setting up of clustered developments like National Investment and Manufacturing Zone (NIMZ) by aggregating production units, logistics, public utilities, residential areas and administrative services within the zones at strategic industrial locations, is determined to promote emergence of promising warehousing corridors around respective industrial regions.
Colliers Research further believes that such additional attention is likely to enhance the growth of sectors with competitive advantage in India, such as automobiles, pharmaceuticals, aerospace, shipping, IT hardware & electronics, telecom equipment and employment-intensive industries like textiles and garments, leather and footwear, gems and jewelry and food processing industries. GST is on the cards to act as a key catalyst for the rise of warehousing market in India by eliminating multilayered tax system and state borders, thus creating a common marketplace across the country. GST will also notably reduce the total costs of the logistics industry due to warehouse optimization. At present, most companies have set up multiple small warehouses of ~4,000-10,000 sq ft across the country to save taxes on inter-state movement. On the implementation of GST, the need to have several small warehouses will be reduced and larger consolidated warehouses will be established at strategic locations.
Colliers Research can foresee that besides rapid expansions, the biggest challenge that India's warehousing market would face is the acquisition of a feasible land parcel. Land cost shares the largest component of a warehousing project. While the land price is dependent upon multiple factors like development control regulations, infrastructure development and the best alternate land use, rental values will depend primarily on the connectivity, demand and supply factors in respective cities. It is recommended that warehousing developers acquire land at a feasible cost, as it will be the key when it comes to warehouse investment.
By Chioma Obinna
To commemorate this year's World Oral Health Day, today, March 20, the Nigerian Dental Association advocate, NDA, staff of Unilever Nigeria, makers of Pepsodent and other stakeholders trooped out in their numbers for an oral health walk aimed at promoting good oral hygiene among Nigerians.
The walk from the Lagos State University Teaching Hospital (LASUTH), Ikeja, ended at the Johnson Jakande Tinubu Park, Alausa, Ikeja featuring host of Nigerian celebrities and other enthusiasts.
Free dental checks, distribution of Pepsodent toothpaste and oral health educational materials took place during the walk.
Reiterating the need to prevent tooth decay, the walk was avenue to canvass for the adoption of good oral care habits, including brushing twice daily (morning and night) with a fluoride toothpaste.
In a speech, Toluwaleke Salu, Category Manager, Oral Care, Unilever Nigeria: “Tooth decay is a global widespread disease which affects 3 out of 5 children, and almost all adults. This disease can be prevented via good oral hygiene practices. This health walk is part of Unilever Nigeria continuous effort to fight oral diseases in Nigeria, and promote good oral hygiene.
“Pepsodent consistently advocates the need for Nigerians to imbibe the culture of brushing twice daily by using a fluoride toothpaste.
“We remain committed to improving the oral health of 10 million Nigerian children by 2020, through the Pepsodent ‘brush day and night' Schools Programme, where we educate kids on the importance of brushing twice a day (morning and night),” Salu concluded.
President of NDA, Dr Bode Ijarogbe said: “With the growing rate of tooth decay, this walk is intended to promote worldwide awareness of the issues surrounding oral health and reiterate the importance of good oral hygiene.
Themed ‘Say Ahh: Think Mouth, Think Health', the 2018 World Oral Health Day event, WOHD, holds at The Arcade, Eko Club, Surulere, Lagos.
People in one Cape Coral neighborhood are not taking any chances after a brush fire scorched their backyards.
Pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems are used to verify the efficacy and bioavailability of a drug formulation. The evaluation and assessment of a tablet's chemical, physical, and bioavailability properties are especially important in tablet design and for monitoring product quality. Various standards should be used to control the pharmaceutical quality of tablet dosage forms. The standard QC tests carried out on tablets include weight variation, content uniformity, diameter and thickness, hardness, friability, disintegration, and dissolution. It is imperative to test for formulary stability and potential drug degradation. Dosage form testing also verifies the physical strength of formulation. Pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems have additional features such as vibration-free tablet separation, auto separation and auto alignment.
Request For Sample @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6885
Numerous tests are performed at every stage of production to ensure that quality is not compromised and that Good Manufacturing Practices are followed. Quality checks are crucial to the pharmaceutical industry as they guarantee the patient a safe and effective product and further, protect the manufacturer against compensation claims.
Pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems ensure that a quality end product reaches the end consumer, which is a key factor anticipated to propel the demand for pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems worldwide.
Market Dynamics:
The global pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems market is expected to register a significant CAGR over the forecast period. Several regulations imposed by various organizations, such as the U.S. FDA, across the globe necessitate quality checks in the manufacturing of pharmaceutical drugs to ensure the quality, efficacy, and safety of capsules and tablets, which in turn is anticipated to boost the demand for pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems. The introduction of advanced technology based dosage form testing systems is also driving the growth of the global pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems market.
However, the high price of pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems may act as a restraint for the global pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems market over the forecast period. Additionally, the dearth of skilled personnel for operating pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems is also creating a hurdle for the growth of the said market.
Regional Outlook
On the basis of regional presence, the global pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems market can be segmented into eight key regions: North America, Latin America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Asia-Pacific excluding China and Japan (APCEJ), China, Japan and Middle East & Africa. North America is pegged to dominate the global pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems market with a leading share in terms of revenue. The market in the region is expected to register significant growth over the forecast period, owing to technological advancements and the presence of developed medical infrastructure. Europe, followed by North America, is slated to hold a moderate share and register a healthy growth rate in the global pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems market.
Request For TOC @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-6885
APECJ and China are emerging as lucrative markets for pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems and are anticipated to register significant shares over the forecast period due to the increasing demand for these systems and developing medical infrastructure in the regions. Latin America and MEA are at a nascent stage in the global pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems market and are expected to exhibit moderate growth over the forecast period, owing to the increasing medical facilities in these regions.
Market Participants:
Some of the market players in the global pharmaceutical dosage form testing systems market include SOTAX AG, ABC Laboratories, Almac, Dalton Pharma Services, GEA Process Engineering, Micromeritics Instrument Corporation, Quality Chemical Laboratories and SCYNEXIS, Inc.
A middle aged Nigerian man has discovered that a young man they raised from birth and who is now 32 years old is not their biological son, after all. The Nigerian man who resides in the United Kingdom, Mr. Oscar, was forced to arrange for a DNA test to determine the paternity of their erstwhile […]
The post ICYMI: Man discovers 32-year-old ‘son' isn't their child appeared first on Punch Newspapers.
By SIMON EBEGBULEM
BENIN CITY-THE Benin National Congress (BNC), a socio-cultural organization in Edo state has condemned what it described as alleged deliberate exclusion of the Benin ethnic nationality from the Amnesty programs of the Federal Government.
In a letter signed by the President of the BNC, Aiyemenkhue Edokpolo, addressed to the Special Adviser to the President on Niger Delta, the BNC noted that the alleged deliberate exclusion of Benin youths from the amnesty programme was provoking youths into self-help and uncontrollable hostilities.
According to the letter, “We write to formally place on record our condemnation of the unintelligent and malicious orchestration of very vexatious and provocative ploy to provoke Benin youths of the seven oil and gas resources and pipelines bearing Local Government Areas of Edo South senatorial districts predominantly owned and occupied by the Benin people into unwholesome militancy; with the unpleasant consequences of complicating the terse insecurity in Niger Delta region of Nigeria.
“The Benin ethnic nationality is arguably the ‘chief parent' of all ethnic groups in South-South Nigeria with a flourished history and monarchy in Guinness book of records dating over 700 years existence of pre-western civilization.
“As a foremost sociocultural entity of the Benins, we have watched with consternation a pseudo policy of State which lend credence to a worthy conclusion that our ethnic nationality has been formally excluded by the Federal Government from benefiting from the poverty alleviation, and human capital development objectives of the Amnesty program for reasons best known to an unseen centrifugal element.
“And we fear that our elites and community leaders might be blamed for any militant response by Benin youths whose only vent for expression of the frustrations is unbridled hostilities against oil and gas multinationals and their auxiliary pipelines protection managers. It is to forestall this clear and potent danger that the members and trustees hereunder represented by the signatories decided to formally intimate you with a view to obtaining unambiguous clarifications.
“For the, the Benins occupies about 60% of Edo State landmass, and account for 58% of the States total population (2.7m) spread across the seven (7) Local Government Areas of Edo South senatorial district with not less than 89% percent Benin ancestral indigenes and Benin language speaking culture, and it is on behalf of the people that we advance the allegation of brazen exclusion from the lofty programs of your office, and we seek immediate and unconditional restitution and or compensation for the past misdeeds and stereotype as non-relevant factor.
“Without much ado lets state clearly for your information that largest gas processing terminal in West Africa in located in Oben gas field of Orhiomwon Local Government Area, other Local Government areas of Edo South senatorial districts are: Ikpoba-Okha LGA, Ovia South West LGA, Ovia North East LGA, Oredo LGA, Uhunmwonde LGA and Egor LGA. These areas are hosts to oil and gas mineral resources and or petroleum and gas pipelines respectively.
“We can say without any equivocation whatsoever, that our indigenes have not benefited from your pro-development programs. At some points, some of our youths were contemplating unleashing their brute anger on oil facilities installations; we used our grassroots peace and conflict mechanisms to prevent an otherwise bloodbath. We are afraid; we cannot guarantee salvaging the impending militant eruption, if the brazen exclusion issues are not addressed in days from now” they stated.
By Eric Stock
BLOOMINGTON – Illinois' stop-gap budget has lapsed, leaving some social services and vendors with no money for the new year,
Despite the end of the six-month spending plan, public schools, prisons, services for the poor and the disabled will continue.
State Sen. Bill Brady, R-Bloomington, said he's not sure when a state budget will get done.
PODCAST: Listen to Scott's interview with Brady on WJBC.
“I don't know if we will (pass a budget) or not,” Brady said. “I do believe there will be immense pressure on the Democrats to cooperate,” Brady said.
Democratic lawmakers have called for added revenue. Gov. Bruce Rauner has insisted on a series of reforms.
Brady added they don't see brighter days ahead for state funded universities.
“It's going to be tough,” Brady said. “The key for higher ed will be perception as much as anything If we can pass a budget that gives them the foundation that they can build on, that will be huge.”
Despite pleas from some that Madigan be ousted as House Speaker, Brady said Democrats will likely reappoint them out of fear of retribution if that attempt fails.
Illinois lawmakers are due to return to Springfield on Jan. 9.
Eric Stock can be reached at eric.stock@cumulus.com.
An bhfuil focal ar bith níos gránna sa Ghaeilge ná ‘todhchaí'? Is cuma nó gaineamh a mheilt trí d'fhiacla é a rá. Mar sin féin, is í atá romhainn, murab ionann is inár ndiaidh, is dá réir sin, shocraigh mé ar aghaidh a thabhairt air.
Theastaigh uaim a fháil amach cad a bhí romhainn amach san aimsir a bhí chun tosaigh orainn amach ag na fir amach ar ball sa bhliain seo amach atá amach chugainn, nó linn féin.
Tada ní raibh le rá ag Colm Cille agus pioc a léirigh tairngreacht Mhiseoige dom.
Chuaigh mé go Nostradamus adúirt go mbeadh an aimsir fliuch i mbliain a seacht déag, cé nach raibh soiléir cén seacht déag a bheadh ann.
Mheasas go gcuirfinn triail ar an tairngreacht. É a dhéanamh go córasúil. An cheist chéanna a chur ar chách a chéile a mhaígh go raibh an freagra acu, agus na freagraí a chur suas is anuas lenar tharla i ndeireadh na bliana siar. Amach.
Is í an cheist a cheap mé, ‘cé a bhuafaidh craobh na hÉireann sa pheil i mbliana?'
Ceist í atá simplí go maith. Níor bhacas leis an iomáint mar níl ach dhá fhreagra air, nó trí cinn má chreideann tú sna míorúiltí.
Níor leor mar fhreagra dar liom, ‘an contae a bhfuil sléibhte ann agus a dtéann an ghrian faoi in imeall an chuain amach.'
D'fhéadfadh scata a bheith ansin, fág Maigh Eo amach as an áireamh.
Is é a theastaigh uaim eolas níos beaichte, dathanna nó ainmneacha nó go díreach an freagra féin gan beann ar a bheith ag gabháil timpeall nó ag scaoileadh noid is ag tabhairt le fios go leataobhach. Bhíos riamh litriúil agus cheapas gur cheart a bheith litriúil liom.
Ghrinneas isteach i ngrúidil an tae agus chonaic mé spéir ghorm agus soilse ar lasadh agus gallán Nelson ag éirí arís os cionn na hÉireann agus mheasas go mb'fhéidir go raibh dealramh leis sin. BÁC, abair.
ADVERTISEMENT
Leagas mo lámh ar mo chuid liathróidí criostail agus tháinig dathanna éagsúla aníos iontu, buí agus glasuaine go háirithe, agus daoine ag urlacan ar an mbán, agus caitheamh amach á dhéanamh ag pobal na hÉireann siar amach go brách ar eagla na heagla. Ar chúis éigin, smaoiníos, ‘Ciarraí'.
Níorbh aon chabhair í an ghiofóg a leag na cártaí os mo chomhair amach ach an oiread. Dúirt sí go dtiocfadh fórsa aduaidh faoina lámha dearga is go réabfadh siad deas is clé ionas nach bhfágfaí caora gorm ag méiligh ná bó ghlasuaine ag géimnigh idir Ceann Málainne agus Carn Uí Néid is gone mbeadh an Croí arís ag preabadh faoi lá fhéile Michíl um dheireadh mheán an fhómhair. Fós, an méid sin intuigthe, b'fhéidir.
Bhaineas triail as gach saghas tairngreachta eile: an mharbhdhraíocht nó taibhsefháistine (labhairt le seanpheiladóirí a fuair bás), an astralaíocht, an chnapeolaíocht, an lúidíneolaíocht, an leictrifháistine, an mhirlínfháistine, an ionatharfháistine, an bhullabáisínfháistine, an mhicímhucfháistine, an tslinneánacht, an I Ching, an Cabbala, an Mahjong agus an clár Ouija féin, ach bhí a gcuid freagraí go léir chomh soiléir le seananraith.
Cheapas, mar sin, go raghainn i muinín na ndaoine úd a bhfuil eolaíocht acu agus a thuilleann cáirníní óir ar son a gcuid allais le figiúir.
D'éiligh mé gaois an eacnamaí.
Chuir sé a chuid staitisticí isteach sa ríomhaire, chas timpeall le spúnóg mhór iad, chraith salann isteach anuas, dúirt cúpla ortha, shuathaigh na halgartaim le fíoch, agus nocht an toradh chuige.
‘Cill Mhantáin,' ar seisean, lán de mhuinín as a chuid gaoise.
Dá mbeadh rogha agatsa idir tairngreacht chártaí, liathróid chriostail, ghrúidil tae agus eacnamaí, cé acu air nach gcuirfeá do theach?
An earthquake hit Milford Sound this morning, after a busy few days of quake activity throughout New Zealand.
The magnitude 3.7 quake at 11.25am was classified as "weak" by GeoNet and was the 12th to hit the country since Tuesday.
This included a magnitude 3.2 rupture hitting 35km south of Wellington about 30 mintues earlier this morning, and an overnight magnitude 3.9 earthquake, 10km east of Seddon, that was felt by almost 400 people.
Four quakes hit on Wednesday and six the day before.
Advertisement
The seismic activity ranged from Te Araroa in the Gisborne area to Te Anau in the south where the largest quake - magnitude 4.1 - hit.
GeoNet reported that 245 people felt the quake, and 250 people said they felt a magnitude 4 quakes near Palmerston North minutes later on Tuesday morning.
Listen Wednesday for your chance to win a pair of tickets to the SOLD OUT Red Hot Chili Peppers January 8th at the American Airlines Center.
This will be your last chance to win tickets to the show so make sure you tune in starting at 9 am on Wednesday for your chance to win!
We will be giving a pair of tickets away every hour to the sold out show, so make sure to keep your radio tuned to 100.3 Jack FM all-day long Wednesday.
A state lawmaker from Chicago has announced a plan to raise Illinois' minimum wage to $15 by 2022.
Democratic Rep. Will Guzzardi told reporters Monday he'll file legislation within days to incrementally increase the rate over five years. The first hike would bring the $8.25 rate to $9 by 2018. Guzzardi says it'll improve Illinois' business climate and the plan will include tax help for small businesses.
But business groups remain opposed, saying raising the minimum wage increases the cost of doing business, among other things. The bill's fate is also unclear amid a two-year budget impasse that's overshadowed other issues in Springfield.
The bill is among several recent Illinois legislative attempts to raise the wage.
New laws in New York and California will gradually raise the wage to $15.
CARACAS, Venezuela (AP) — The man who finished second in Venezuela's recent presidential election is asking the Supreme Court to order a new vote.
Henri Falcon argued on Wednesday that Maduro's ruling socialist party unfairly influenced the election by setting up kiosks near voting centers and giving poor residents bonuses.
Official results showed Maduro winning a second six-year term in a landslide victory on May 20 despite a historic crisis in the once-wealthy OPEC nation.
The appeal is unlikely to prosper in the Supreme Court, which rarely if ever votes against Maduro.
Advertisement
The legal challenge comes as Canada is slapping 14 Venezuelan leaders with sanctions, condemning the election as illegitimate and anti-democratic.
Cuba's newly installed President Miguel Diaz-Canel, however, was visiting Caracas and congratulated Maduro, reaffirming strong ties between their two nations.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Dental nurse
Recruiter: Hayers Dental Surgery, Willenhall.
Job role: Dental nurse required for busy NHS practice Willenhall area.
Experienced preferred.
Salary: Competitive.
Closing date: 22 Jun 2017
Click here to apply.
Senior Staff Nurse
Recruiter: Douglas Macmillan Hospice, Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire.
Job role: The job advertisement reads: "We are looking to appoint Registered General Nurses to join our multi professional team in the in-patient services.
You will be responsible for the assessment of care needs; development, implementation and evaluation of programmes of care, without supervision, and may be required to teach other nursing and non- nursing staff. #
You will be expected to implement the hospice philosophy of ensuring optimum quality of life for all patients.
This is not just end of life care; this will also be nursing patients to enhance their lives whilst they are living, offering a rewarding career.
"The hospice is a leading provider that delivers skilled and expert compassionate care to support patients with life limiting conditions.
"We would like to hear from nurses who have senior nursing experience in a hospital /community setting, specialities include, but not limited to; oncology, palliative care, general medicine and surgical, A+E, critical care and community / district nursing."
Salary: £22,256- £28,842
Closing date: 16 Jun 2017
Click here to apply.
Care assistant
Recruiter: Bluebird Care Solihull
Job role: The job advertisement reads: "We are looking to recruit experienced care workers or people with no experience to work within the community and based throughout the Solihull Area.
"The service specialises in providing care and support for the elderly and for adults and children with a range of conditions and disabilities or just providing company for older people. You must be a driver and own your own car."
Salary: £8.80-£13.00 per hour
Closing date: 16 Jun 2017
Click here to apply
Looking for a job? Visit our jobs site here
Senior care assistant
Recruiter: Wall Hill Care Home, Leek
Job role: To work 35.5 hours per week covering evening and night shifts.
Salary: Undisclosed
Closing date: 26 Jun 2017
Click here to apply
Senior nurses
Recruiter: Wyndley Grange Nursing Home
Job role: Successful Registered Nurses will earn £15.18 to £16.17 per hour dependant on experience. Full time and part time night positions will be considered, but predominantly looking at cover for Night Shifts.
As a Senior Registered Nurse, you will maintain exceptional standards of clinical practice and ensure all residents receive a high standard of care.
"You will also; Act as a role model and mentor alongside less experienced nursing staff, providing clinical leadership and support.
"Possess excellent communication and interpersonal skills, and the ability to deal with sensitive situations effectively.
"Manage the clinical area safely and efficiently, and ensure the caring culture expected of nursing staff is consistently maintained and upheld.
Salary: £15.18 - £16.17 per hour
Closing date: 26 Jun 2017
Click here to apply
Dispensary Assistant / Pharmacy Technician
Recruiter: Magrath Pharmacy
Job role: Unqualified applicants will be considered but pharmacy dispensary experience is essential.
Required for Magrath Pharmacy in Tamworth. 40 hours per week.
Salary: Competitive
Closing date: 26 Jun 2017
Click here to apply
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Care staff
Recruiter: Trent Side Manor, Staffordshire
Job role: Elderly Care home in Norton Green ST6 area.
Excellent promotional opportunities for the right candidate.
Attractive salary depending on experience.
Full or additional training to be provided.
Salary: Undisclosed
Closing date: 22 Jun 2017
Click here to apply
Registered home manager
Recruiter: prOKare Ltd
Job role: Small Residential Home providing care and rehabilitation to seven Adults with Acquired Brain Injuries in Burntwood, Staffordshire.
- Previous senior care management experience.
- Either hold RMA and NVQ 4 in Leadership and Management for Care Services (or equivalent) or hold or be prepared to work towards QCF level 5 in Leadership for Health and Social Care.
- Ability to lead, motivate and build a high performance staff team
- Driver
Salary: Undisclosed
Closing date: 22 Jun 2017
Click here to apply
Looking for a job? Visit our jobs site here
If you're the type of person who can't resist the urge to record silly, interesting or otherwise entertaining moments in your life whenever they arise, Google just launched a few apps that might pique your interest - Storyboard, Selfissimo! and Scrubbies.
Also read: 10 Tips for Good Smartphone Photography
Eccentric names aside, these apps are part of Google's new photography "appsperiments" initiative. Put simply, "appsperiments" are a creative way for Google to see what their users are interested in and then expand upon (or eliminate) the apps at a later date. According to Google, this project is partially inspired by Google's "Motion Stills" app, which "converts short videos into cinemagraphs and time lapses" through the use of experimental rendering technologies.
The first app in the line-up, Storyboard, is an interesting one. Users can upload their own video clips to the app and allow it to automatically select what it deems to be an interesting group of frames and turn them into one highly stylized comic strip. Currently, Storyboard is only available to Android users.
The second app called Scrubbies is restricted to iOS users at the moment. The app allows you to become a video DJ of sorts. The app works by recording the speed and direction of left or right two-fingered swiping gestures, allowing you to create a short looping video with the result.
The final app in Google's photography experimentation arsenal is Selfissimo!, an app that simulates your own personal photo shoot. The app encourages you to "strike a pose," automatically taking a black-and-white photo whenever you stand still. Selfissimo! is available to both iOS and Android users.
Though these apps might seem like little more than silly diversions, it's clear that Google has taken the project seriously. According to Google Researcher Alex Kauffmann, the apps "rely on object recognition, person segmentation, stylization algorithms, efficient image encoding and decoding technologies" to function properly.
Australia Post has been forced to apologise to residents of a Victorian town after it was revealed a post box had not been emptied for five months.
The box, located in Beechworth, had been neglected by Australia Post since October 2017.
When it was finally emptied, it was "full to the brim" with bills, letters, Christmas cards and even same-sex marriage ballots, news.com.au reports.
The error was discovered by Beechworth's Plumbing Plus after many clients with overdue bills told owner Joanne Westra they had never received their invoice.
Advertisement
Westra contacted Australia Post to demand an answer, only to be told one of the town's post boxes, located on Junction Road, had apparently been forgotten by the organisation for almost half a year.
In a Facebook post, the company alerted customers to the problem, and confirmed Australia Post had apologised for the oversight.
"Beechworth's Plumbing Plus wish to advise our account customers, who receive their invoices and statements by mail, that unfortunately we have discovered that the post box on Junction Rd, a few metres from our front door, had not been cleared since October," the post read.
"We had noticed that some of our customers had fallen behind in their payments. At the same time we had started to get an increasing number of customers saying that they had not received their monthly statements.
"It did take us 5 months of posting at Junction Rd to finally figure this out. We sincerely apologise to our customers for the inconvenience that this has caused.
"We are also concerned about other local people in the Junction Rd area who had posted items in this box as it was full to the brim with items including Christmas cards, bill payments, personal letters, etc.
"Australia Post have apologised to us for their mistake. Regular clearing of this box has now resumed."
A sign had been posted to the box in October alerting residents that clearing times were about to change. Photo / Facebook
Westra told The Border Mail they were unimpressed by the "compensation" offered by Australia Post.
"We realised because we couldn't fit our post in there anymore, it was filled to the brim," they said.
"All I'll say is $50 in compensation and two boxes of stamps isn't much.
"We're also aware of Christmas cards, birthday cards and a large cheque an elderly man sent to pay for hay bales that was never received."
Westra said a sign had been posted to the box in October alerting residents that clearing times were about to change to 1pm Monday to Friday from October 9 onwards.
But apparently, staff then forgot about the box altogether.
An Australia Post spokesperson told The Border Mail the problem had now been rectified.
"Australia Post wholeheartedly apologises for this error," they said.
"We can confirm all mail has now been delivered with a letter of explanation and an apology.
"This is an isolated incident that occurred when the collection route was handed over to a different team."
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump has claimed complete vindication from a congressional memo that alleges the FBI abused its surveillance powers during the investigation into their campaign's possible Russia ties. But the memo also includes revelations that might complicate efforts by Trump and their allies to undermine special counsel Robert Mueller's inquiry.
The four-page document released Friday contends that the FBI, when it applied for a surveillance warrant on a onetime Trump campaign associate, relied excessively on an ex-British spy whose opposition research was funded by Democrats. At the same time, the memo confirms that the investigation into potential Trump links to Russia actually began several months earlier, and was "triggered" by information involving a different campaign aide.
Christopher Steele, the former spy who compiled the allegations, acknowledged having strong anti-Trump sentiments. But they also are a "longtime FBI source" with a credible track record, according to the memo from the House Intelligence Committee chairperson, Rep. Devin Nunes, R-Calif., and their staff.
The warrant authorizing the FBI to monitor the communications of former campaign adviser Carter Page was not a one-time request, but was approved by a judge on four occasions, the memo says, and even signed off on by the second-ranking official at the Justice Department, Rod Rosenstein, whom Trump appointed as deputy attorney general.
Advertisement
Trump, however, tweeted Saturday from Florida, where they were spending the weekend, that the memo puts them in the clear.
"This memo totally vindicates 'Trump' in probe," they said. "But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their (sic) was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!"
The underlying materials that served as the basis for the warrant application were not made public in the memo. As a result, the document only further intensified a partisan battle over how to interpret the actions of the FBI and Justice Department during the early stages of the counterintelligence investigation that Mueller later inherited. Even as Democrats described it as inaccurate, some Republicans quickly cited the memo — released over the objections of the FBI and Justice Department — in their arguments that Mueller's investigation is politically tainted.
A closer read presents a far more nuanced picture.
"Having decided to cherry-pick, the Nunes team picked a bunch of the wrong cherries for its own narrative," Matthew Waxman, a Columbia University law professor and former Bush administration official, wrote in an email.
The memo's central allegation is that agents and prosecutors, in applying in October 2016 to monitor Page's communications, failed to tell a judge that the opposition research that provided grounds for the FBI's suspicion received funding from Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and the Democratic National Committee. Page had stopped advising the campaign sometime around the end of that summer.
Steele's research, according to the memo, "formed an essential part" of the warrant application. But it's unclear how much or what information Steele collected made it into the application, or how much has been corroborated. Steele was working for Fusion GPS, a firm initially hired by the conservative Washington Free Beacon to do opposition research on Trump. Steele didn't begin work on the project until after Democratic groups took over the funding.
Republicans say a judge should have known that "political actors" were involved in allegations that led the Justice Department to believe Page might be an agent of a foreign power — an accusation they have consistently and strenuously denied.
The FBI this week expressed "grave concerns" about the memo and called it inaccurate and incomplete. Democrats said it was a set of cherry-picked claims aimed at smearing law enforcement and that releasing the memo would damage law enforcement and intelligence work.
For one, Democrats said it was misleading and incorrect to say a judge was not told of the potential political motivations of the people paying for Steele's research.
Beyond that, though, the memo confirms the FBI's counterintelligence investigation into the Trump campaign began in July 2016, months before the surveillance warrant was sought, and was "triggered" by information concerning campaign aide George Papadopoulos. They pleaded guilty last year to lying to the FBI.
The confirmation about Papadopoulos is "the most important fact disclosed in this otherwise shoddy memo," California Rep. Adam Schiff, the House committee's top Democrat, said in a tweet Saturday in response to Trump's assertion that the document vindicated him.
The timing makes clear that other Trump associates beyond Page, who was part of the election effort for only a short period and was not in Trump's inner circle, had generated law enforcement scrutiny. The memo also omits that Page had been on the FBI's radar a few years earlier than part of a separate counterintelligence investigation into Russian influence
The memo's release also comes amid an effort by Trump and congressional Republicans to discredit Mueller's investigation. Their probe focuses not only on whether the Trump campaign coordinated with Russia but also on whether the president sought to obstruct justice.
Rep. Trey Gowdy, a South Carolina Republican who has been deeply involved in hotly debated Republican issues such as the Benghazi hearings, says the GOP memo has no impact on Mueller's Russia probe and that the significance of the dossier has been overstated.
"There is a Russia investigation without a dossier. So to the extent the memo deals with the dossier and the FISA process, the dossier has nothing to do with the meeting at Trump Tower," Gowdy said in an interview to air Sunday on CBS' "Face The Nation."
Gowdy, who announced recently that they are not running for re-election, said: "The dossier really has nothing to do with George Papadopoulos' meeting in Great Britain. It also doesn't have anything to do with obstruction of justice. So there's going to be a Russia probe, even without a dossier."
___
Associated Press writers Zeke Miller, Jill Colvin, Catherine Lucey, Matthew Daly, Desmond Butler and Jonathan Lemire contributed to this report.
RIO DE JANEIRO (AP) — A Norwegian aluminum maker operating in Brazil is apologizing for polluting a river and promising to make changes so that it doesn't happen again.
In a statement Monday, the CEO of Norsk Hydro, Svein Richard Brandtzaeg, called the discharge of rain and surface water into the Para River "unacceptable." Brandtzaeg went on to apologize and say an ongoing environmental review of its practices would be expanded.
The company's plant is located in the city of Barcarena in the northern state of Para. Last month, residents alerted environmental authorities to a reddish hue in puddles and flooded areas near the river after some heavy rains.
Authorities said they found areas of irregular discharge. The company initially said it had not released untreated water into the environment, then said it would investigate.
BOSTON (AP) — A judge on Massachusetts' highest court is stepping into a fight over the proposed sale of works of art by a cash-strapped museum.
A hearing before a single justice of the Supreme Judicial Court is set for Tuesday in Boston.
The Berkshire Museum and Attorney General Maura Healey last month asked the judge to sign off on an agreement that would allow the Pittsfield museum to sell up to 40 pieces of art, including works by Norman Rockwell.
The museum says it needs to sell the art to keep its doors open.
Advertisement
Rockwell's sons dropped their challenge of the sale after the attorney general and museum reached the agreement, which would allow Rockwell's "Shuffleton's Barbershop" to be sold to another U.S. museum.
Others continue to oppose the sale.
Lawyers for former sports coach Bill Kenneally, who is accused of sexually or indecently assaulting three boys in the 1980s, may apply to have their trial moved out of Waterford, a court has heard.
Kenneally (67) formerly of Summerville Avenue, Waterford city, is charged with 99 counts of sexual and indecent assault alleged to have occurred in Waterford city in the 1980s.
The complainants in the case are now aged in their 40s.
The former basketball coach was sent forward for trial to the circuit court when they appeared in the district court in March and a book of evidence was served on him.
They were in Waterford Circuit Court on Wednesday, wearing dark trousers, a white shirt, a grey cardigan and navy tie, but was not called upon to speak.
Their solicitor, Matthew Ryan, said they had spoken with Noel Whelan BL, for the State, and as this was “a recent return,” for trial, “perhaps it could be put into the next sessions”.
Mr Ryan added that they should be able to “progress it at the next stage” and asked for liberty to re-enter the case in the current sessions as there may be a motion.
Mr Whelan said there may be an motion to transfer the case out of Waterford.
Judge Eugene O'Kelly said that, if that was to happen, it would have to be brought before the current court sessions.
They adjourned the case until October 9th, with liberty to re-enter before that.
Legal aid was granted by Judge Kevin Staunton at the district court earlier this year after hearing that the charges against Kenneally were “serious matters”.
Kenneall, an accountant by profession, was involved in basketball coaching in Waterford for several years. They were also involved in local politics with Fianna Fáil, acting as a tallyman with the party at a number of election counts in the city.
An under-threat terrier breed native to the Borders will be given a welcome boost next week as The Secret Life of Dogs helps raise its profile by highlighting its plight on prime-time television.
The final episode of the ITV series airs on Tuesday evening, and it was part-filmed at the Haining in Selkirk, recognised as being the home of the Dandie Dinmont terrier.
Dandie Dinmonts Stumpy and Lettie at St Marys Loch. (photo credit: Harriet Buckley)
The three-part documentary has been exploring the relationship between humans and dogs as narrator Martin Clunes seeks to offer an insight into the science behind the close bond that people form with their canine companions.
The last episode of the show takes a look at the dog's identity as man's best friend, through a series of stories, including that of the Dandie Dinmont.
Filming for the slot took place in spring last year, and it shows the dogs and their owners filmed arriving by all different modes of transport at the Haining for its Dandie Dinmont Derby racing event.
Interest in the breed's association with Selkirk began with the purchase of a painting at auction in 2012, which led Paul Keevil, its buyer and a Dandie Dinmont enthusiast, to investigate further into the origin of the breed.
Since then, the Haining has played host to the world's largest ever three-day gathering of the vulnerable-breed dog, and it will soon be home to a bronze bust of the original Dandie Dinmont, called Old Ginger, and a £65,000 Dandie Dinmont discovery centre.
Mr Keevil said: “We are delighted to be involved with The Secret Life of Dogs and are particularly pleased that they are paying attention to the heritage of the Dandie Dinmont Terrier, now an endangered breed.
“The earliest recorded dog, considered father of the breed, was Old Ginger, born at the Haining in Selkirk on June 4, 1842.
“We will be erecting a bronze statue at the Haining marking their 175th birthday on June 4, an event which has 110 visitors from 14 different countries confirmed to attend, along with 80 Dandie Dinmonts.”
Owners from across the world will again make a pilgrimage to the Georgian mansion to celebrate the pedigree's provenance next June.
Mr Keevil added: “We encourage the people of Selkirk and anyone interested in the breed to come along and support this event.”
Some grades of petrol are running out in Auckland following disruption to supplies at the weekend.
Some Z stations have run out of petrol at stations from Pt Chevalier to Clevedon today. BP and Mobil say outages at their sites will also be minimal and short-lived.
A Z spokesperson, Jonathan Hill, said there would be sporadic ''stock outs'' which could run into next week following the shut down of the fuel pipeline that runs from Marsden Point refinery to Auckland.
Read more: Pipeline failure warning
Advertisement
What turned out to be a false alarm meant fuel flow was stopped in the 170km pipeline for more than 12 hours on Sunday.
There were already lower supplies following the rupture of the Refining NZ pipeline at Ruakaka in September.
The pipeline has been operating at 80 per cent capacity since then and it could be early next year until it was fully restored.
Hill said this came as demand for aviation fuel was higher than anticipated in November and December.
All of this has had the effect of stretching the supply line and we've been sucking fuel in a fairly conservative way since September SHARE THIS QUOTE:
They said the fuel industry made a decision to prioritise the aviation sector and pump more aviation fuel since the shutdown on Sunday to avoid any of the widespread disruption that hit airlines in September.
"All of this has had the effect of stretching the supply line and we've been sucking fuel in a fairly conservative way since September. But with jet fuel demand going up quite strongly it's sharpened the effect."
They said some grades of petrol could run out at some stations but typically for no more than six hours until a truck can make a delivery. There was more trucking of fuel from ports such as Tauranga.
While it could take several days to rebuild stocks, motorists shouldn't be worried about filling up for their holidays.
"I don't think there's any reason for motorists to be concerned about fuel supplies in the lead up to Christmas. There's plenty of fuel in the country," Hill said.
Mobil's country manager Andrew McNaught said their company was focused on minimising disruption.
''We are assessing the potential impact on supplies to Mobil service stations as a result of this issue and working to put alternative supply arrangements in place to minimise any impacts on our customers,'' they said.
''This includes arranging additional trucking of fuel from other terminals to provide additional deliveries into the region,'' they said.
BP New Zealand managing director Debi Boffa said their company was also trucking more fuel in to Auckland.
Yesterday Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern said they were concerned about the state of the vulnerability of the supply network.
Research Report Insights (RRI) offers a 10-year forecast for the global Pectin Market: Global Industry Analysis, size, sales and Forecast by 2026. In terms of value, the market is expected to register a CAGR of 4.6% during the forecast period 2026. The main objective of the report is to offer insights on the advancements in the pectin market. The study demonstrates market dynamics that are expected to influence the current environment and future status of the global pectin market over the forecast period. The report aims to offer updates on trends, drivers, restraints, value forecasts, and opportunities for manufacturers operating in the global pectin market.
Factors such as rising levels of diabetes, obesity and cardiac issues has shifted the consumer focus towards healthy, natural and fruit-based ingredients. This is well replicated in the demand for pectin. Pectin fit well into this context, with its high ability to gel and stabilize food products. In addition to being a thickening agent, pectin rich diet helps in preventing intestinal tumors and maintaining blood sugar levels. Further, the low calories and fat-free nature of pectin, increases its demand in the food & beverages industry. High health benefits coupled with rising consumer disregard for synthetic gelling agents fuels the growth of pectin market over the forecast period.
Report For Report Sample with Table of Contents@ https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/sample/110114791/Pectin-Market
A section of the report discusses how the overall competition in the market is steadily increasing. It discusses various factors shaping the internal as well as external competition in the market. Overall internal competition in the pectin market is observed to be comparatively high owing to a large number of major providers of pectin and increasing number of small domestic players in the market. The global pectin market is facing external competition from producers & distributors of raw material and other food processors, who are adopting forward and backward integration strategies, and developing their own facilities to produce pectin. Various barriers to entry in the industry are analyzed and rated on the basis of their impact on the competition level in the market.
The report analyses the market share of the global pectin market by each of the product type including high methoxyl pectin and low methoxyl pectin. A section of the report highlights pectin demand, region-wise. It provides a market outlook for 2016–2026 and sets the forecast within the context of the pectin ecosystem, including strategic developments, the latest regulations, and new product offerings in the global pectin market. This study discusses key region trends contributing to growth of the global pectin market, as well as analyzes the degree to which drivers are influencing the market in each region. Key regions assessed in this report include North America, Latin America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Asia Pacific excluding Japan (APEJ), Middle East & Africa (MEA), and Japan.
Request For Report Discount@ https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/discount/110114791/Pectin-Market
In the final section of the report, a competitive landscape has been included to provide report audiences with a dashboard view. Key categories of providers covered in the report are pectin suppliers, manufacturers, and a list of major retailers. Detailed profiles of the providers are also included in the scope of the report to evaluate their long- and short-term strategies, key offerings, and recent developments in the pectin market. Key players in the global pectin market report include CP Kelco ApS, Cargill, Incorporated, Dupont/Danisco, Herbstreith & Fox, Yantai Andre Pectin Co., Ltd, Naturex group, Silvateam Food Ingredients, CEAMSA, FMC BioPolymer, and Lucid Colloids Ltd.
Key Segments Covered
By Product Type
High methoxyl pectin
Low methoxyl pectin
Amidated
Non-amidated
By Application
Jams & Jellies
Beverages
Bakery Fillings & Toppings
Dairy Products & Frozen Desserts
Confectionery
Meat & Poultry Products
Dietary Supplements
Functional Food
Pharmaceutical
Personal Care & Cosmetics
Others (Detergents)
On the basis of product type, the global pectin market is segmented into high methoxyl pectin and low methoxyl pectin. Low methoxyl pectin is further sub-segmented into amidated and non-amidated form. High methoxyl pectin is expected to be the leading segment in the global pectin market during the forecast period.
On the basis of applications, the global pectin market is segmented into jams & jellies, beverages, bakery fillings & toppings, dairy products & frozen desserts, confectionery, meat & poultry products, dietary supplements, functional food, pharmaceuticals, personal care & cosmetics, and others such as detergents. Jams & jellies expected to contribute significantly to the revenue growth of the global pectin market.
In addition, it is imperative to note that in an ever-fluctuating global economy, we not only conduct forecasts in terms of CAGR, but also analyze on the basis of key parameters such as Year-on-Year (Y-o-Y) growth, to understand the predictability of the market and identify the right opportunities.
Another key feature of this report is the analysis of all key segments in terms of absolute dollar. This is usually overlooked while forecasting the market. However, absolute dollar opportunity is critical in assessing the level of opportunity that a provider can look to achieve, as well as to identify potential resources from a sales and delivery perspective in the global pectin market.
Key Regions/Countries Covered
North America
S.
Canada
Latin America
Mexico
Brazil
Argentina
Rest of Latin America
Western Europe
Germany
France
K.
Spain
Italy
Nordic
Benelux
Rest of Western Europe
Eastern Europe
Russia
Poland
Rest of Eastern Europe
Asia Pacific excluding Japan (APEJ)
China
India
ASEAN
Australia and New Zealand
Rest of APEJ
Middle East & Africa
GCC
Other Middle East
North Africa
South Africa
Rest of MEA
Japan
Report Analysis@ https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/rd/110114791/Pectin-Market
About Us:
Research Report Insights (RRI) is a leading market intelligence and consulting firm.
We deliver a host of services including custom research reports, syndicated research reports, and consulting services which are personalised in nature.
RRI delivers a complete packaged solution to clients;this combines current market intelligence, technology inputs, statistical anecdotes,
valuable growth insights, 360-degree view of the competitive framework, and anticipated market trends.
Our research services cover global as well as regional emerging markets such as BRICS, GCC, and ASEAN.
Our offerings cover a broad spectrum of verticals which include Oil and Gas, Chemicals, Materials, Energy, Technology, Automotive, and Retail.
The operating model of RRI blends cross-disciplinary research experience to deploy insightful, in-depth, and actionable research.
Contact Us:
Research Report Insights
42 joseph street,
Portcarling P0B 1J0,
Muskoka, Ontario
T: +1-631-721-4201
Email: sales@researchreportinsights.com
Web Site: http://www.researchreportinsights.com
The University of Stellenbosch is likely to become an English medium institution after years of struggle to retain it as an Afrikaans university.
It appears that a confidential conversation about the university's language policy between the already controversial rector, Prof. Wim de Villiers, and a councilor leaked and can now end up in the courts.
The Equal Chance Initiative filed court documents, and it appears that Prof. Wim de Villiers said to the councilor in 2015 that it would be the “easiest option” if all teaching at SU takes place in English.
Prof. De Villiers wanted to make contact with the rector of Tukkies to understand how they managed to implement that policy without impact or impediment.
As of the beginning of the year, Stellenbosch is no longer just an Afrikaans university, as the new language policy determines that it is seeking multilingualism and that access for students who speak English will be “improved.”
Read the original article in Afrikaans on Die Vryburger
South Africa Today – South Africa News
Devon Hlll (left) of Shreveport, Louisiana, and Kristy Dees of Tumwater dance on the Healing Hearts Ranch float in the 2015 Tumwater Fourth of July Parade on Capitol Boulevard. Tony Overman Olympian file photo
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
England fans declared the World Cup knockout curse over after the Three Lions' dramatic penalty shootout win over Colombia.
Midfielder Eric Dier slotted home the winning spot kick to confirm England's place in the last eight of the tournament, sending the relatively few England fans in the stadium and nearby bar into raptures.
The national side's first knockout win in 12 years and only the second shootout win in eight attempts, along with a quarter final draw against Sweden, had many supporters believing "football's coming home".
Many fans were left puzzled as to why England were sporting a red strip for the clash against the South Americans, though.
After all, Radamel Falcao and co were wearing their signature shade of yellow, with navy trim.
Hardly a clash with England's traditional white and navy blue, right?
Well, the Colombians were the "home" side for the clash in Moscow and, according to FIFA, whichever team is designated as the home side gets to wear their regular strip.
This is what section 24 of the Fifa guidlines has to say on the matter: "Each team shall inform Fifa of two different and contrasting colours (one predominately dark and one predominately light kit) for its official and reserve team kit (shirt, shorts and socks).
"Only these colours may be worn at the matches.
“In principle, each team shall wear its official team kit as declared on the team colour form.
"If the two teams' colours might cause confusion, the host team shall be entitled to wear its official team kit and the visiting team shall use its reserve team kit or, if necessary, a combination of the official and the reserve team kits.”
Kensington Palace tweeted the team congratulations from the Duke of Cambridge, signing the tweet W.
The apparently personal message from the president of the Football Association said: "I couldn't be prouder of @england - a victory in a penalty shootout! You have well and truly earned your place in the final eight of the £worldcup? ?and you should know the whole country is right behind you for Saturday! Come on England! W."
Former England striker Gary Lineker tweeted: "Football. There is nothing like it. Nothing."
Fellow former Three Lions star Alan Shearer simply said: "Yesssssssss boys yeeesss yes yes £RUSSIA-2018 @England."
Alastair and Gillian Robertson, who moved to Moscow from Sevenoaks, in Kent, for work 18 months ago, spoke of their delight at seeing the hoodoo lifted.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Mr Robertson, 44, said: "If England can win a penalty for the first item in I don't know how many years - 50 years of hurt, we win on penalties then we can go all the way.
"And the next round Sweden, all respect to Sweden it's going to be a great game but I think our boys will step up."
Barney Corkhill, 26, who is originally from Bath but lives in Peckham, south-east London, agreed.
They said: "At full time I was telling people around me, 'Yes we are going to win on penalties' - I didn't believe it.
"I actually predicted we would get knocked out to Colombia in the last 16 so I was already worried.
"It's coming home, isn't it?
"This round is looking very nice for us - Sweden is the best chance and then hopefully Russia gets through and we play them in the semi-final.
"Russia-England semi-final would be brilliant out here. I think people would be worried about coming out because of the trouble, but from what I've seen, there won't be any trouble.
"And then we beat Brazil in the final and it's home - it is easy."
Democratic candidate and former Cobb county state representative, Stacey Evans has announced that they will be running for the Governor of Georgia.
Hoping to create more opportunities for the lower class and smaller business people and women, Stacey Evans plans to restore the HOPE Grant and even the playing field for smaller business owners.
Stacey Evans says after years of back and forth with the legislature, their biggest goal is to return the HOPE Grant to its original purpose – free tuition to a technical college for students with at least a 2.0 GPA. Them hopes are that it will ignite an opportunity for residents to enter into the middle class.
“And that's very important, not just for families and students who are looking to climb into the middle class. But also for our workforce. To make sure that we have the pull have talented trained employees that we need to attract the business that we want," says Evans.
The HOPE Grant is not just an initiative on their to-do list, it's a testimony. “I was the first person in my family to go to college. I was raised by a single mom who had me when they were only 17. They didn't finish high school. We didn't have very much growing up. And college was something that I wanted but I had no idea how I was going to pay for it. And it was teacher who pulled me aside and made it possible for me to know about the opportunity of the HOPE Scholarship," says Evans.
40,000 hopeful students left technical schools when the HOPE Grant was cut in 2011. Evans says it will only require $15-20 million to restore the HOPE Grant using the hefty Georgia Lottery Corporation. “This is coming out of a lottery budget of a billion dollars. And we know that for several year $60 million new dollars have been coming into the budget every year that we haven't been spending," says Evans.
And, they won't give up until that money is spent in the right places. “My promise to Georgians is that when I'm on a mission, I'm on a mission. And I intend to finish it.”
Stacey Evans is running against Democrat Stacey Abrams, a former House Minority Leader for the Georgia General Assembly. Abrams plans to open up one of their campaign offices here in Augusta. Fox 54 plans to speak with them when they visit the CSRA. Residents will be able to cast their votes during the primary on May 22nd.
Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott (4) and head coach Jason Garrett bump fist after throwing passes at the end of NFL football practice at the team's training facility, Tuesday, June 13, 2017, in Frisco, Texas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)
One way Garrett has found to keep players locked in during the final week of offseason practices for their three-day mandatory mini-camp is to stoke their players' competitive juices with some arcade-style games during team meetings.
FRISCO - Dallas Cowboys coach Jason Garrett likes to make sure their players remain engaged through the monotony of offseason practices.
Garrett had the Cowboys competing in a Pop-A-Shot basketball game Tuesday to open the three-day mini-camp. On Wednesday, Cowboys players competed in Skeet Ball.
The arcade-style games go hand in hand with the Cowboys' "Compete. Execute. Finish." mantra for the team.
"It's all about just competing and having good fun and camaraderie," Cowboys receiver Cole Beasley said. "We make it fun by doing offense vs. defense. It's all about having trust in your teammates."
Garrett called the Pop-A-Shot basketball game the "Derek Jeter Challenge."
Here's the twist:
"You don't know the game. You pick five guys before you even know what the game is," Beasley said. "They call it the Derek Jeter Challenge because someone said if you were starting a team and it doesn't matter what the game was and you don't know what you're playing, who do you pick. You want those type of guys on your team, who you know are going to come through for you and bust their butt to compete no matter what the challenge is for their teammates. That's kind of the thing behind it."
Perhaps not surprising to some Cowboys fans, the offense destroyed the defense in Pop-A-Shot basketball Tuesday. They won the game, 433-151.
"We didn't even have to go to our last two people," Beasley said. "We crushed them."
Beasley said the offense also beat the defense in Skeet Ball on Wednesday, although the score was much closer than Tuesday's rout.
Garrett is documenting the results of each game for all the players to see each day.
The Cowboys also turned to some non-football games last year during the offseason, Beasley said. The Cowboys competed in a Steph Curry Challenge where players had to dribble with two balls simultaneously. Beasley said they competed in that against former Cowboys cornerback Morris Claiborne.
Did Beasley win?
"Oh yeah," they said.
Beasley and Cowboys safety Jeff Heath said that sometimes the game chose by Garrett doesn't even involve a ball. Beasley said it might be stacking cups or some other type of competition.
"It's random," Heath added. "It's always competition with like some strategy games or some shooting games. It's just a way to promote competition, whether it's on the field or whether we're in here shooting baskets. That brings out the best in everybody."
Beasley said the Cowboys have to pick a different five players every time.
Beasley's strategy to picking a quality five?
"You try to mix it well," Beasley said. "If I'm picking, it's guys who have some kind of good hand-eye coordination, but you have to mix a lineman in there, a strong guy, just in case it's something that you need a little strength."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
OVERLAND PARK, Kan. -- Two metro women died Saturday in a rollover crash in Oklahoma, and now their shocked families are grieving.
“I don't remember anything to be honest with you,” Quentin Brooks said.
The Overland Park man was driving their wife, Jamesha, their sister-in-law Maurtica Britt, and their young niece and nephew to Grand Prairie, Texas, early Saturday morning.
“I was the only one awake at the time,” the 25-year-old said.
Around 7:15 a.m., about six hours into their eight-hour drive, Brooks rear-ended a semi and lost control of their car just north of Durant, Oklahoma.
The car overturned in the median.
“The car is bashed in from both sides,” Brooks said. “Once you see it, it can`t be unseen.”
Their wife and sister-in-law died at the scene.
“Just in shock, didn`t know where I was. Just in shock,” Brooks said.
“It`s just hard to believe that they`re no longer here with us,” said Margaret Smith, the victims' grandmother.
Smith said the three- and four-year-old children survived and were taken to nearby hospitals.
“My nephew, it`s hard on them because they saw it. They know what happened, and he`s only three,” Brooks said. “He looked at me and said, 'Quentin, it`s OK. My mommy is sleeping for a long, long time, so it`s OK. We can go to sleep.”
Brooks said he's not sure how they made it out alive.
“I still ask how I got out. I didn't even have shoes on when I got out of the car,” Brooks said. “I go to sleep every night asking like, what happened?”
Family members said the loss is almost unbearable but that everything is in God's timing.
“We`re gonna need a lot of prayer,” Smith said. “Please just everybody pray for us.”
“It`s a feeling that`s indescribable,” Brooks said, “trying to shadow the pain.”
Police determined distracted driving caused the crash but say it's still under investigation.
Maurtica Britt leaves behind four children. Brooks said they'll all come together as a family to support their brother, who is now a single dad, to raise their four young children. A Go Fund Me page has been set up to help the family financially.
The family is holding a balloon release in memory of the two women Wednesday night at 7 p.m.
A Superior Court judge has denied a motion to dismiss the vehicular manslaughter case against two Santa Barbara men accused of participating in a speed contest on Foothill Road that prosecutors say led to the death of their friend.
Raul Ibarra, 24, died March 2 after colliding with a sport utility vehicle on Foothill Road while riding a motorcycle with Francisco Rodriguez, 23, and Jonathon Alvarez-Leon, 24.
Rodriguez and Alvarez are on trial for vehicular manslaughter for Ibarra's death, and the District Attorney's Office alleges the three men were racing.
Defense attorneys say the three often rode together in a single-file line in a particular order, as they were doing that day, and they were not racing.
Rodriguez's attorney, Ron Bamieh, filed a motion to dismiss the case, and told Judge Jean Dandona that the prosecution's investigating police officer, Jaycee Hunter, had threatened him.
Dandona said they didn't find the allegation credible and denied the request to dismiss.
Bamieh asked if the court had checked video footage from within the courthouse — to which Dandona didn't respond — and said “the courtroom has been made a place I don't feel safe.”
They took the denial to mean the court was “calling me a liar” and wanted a mistrial to allow Rodriguez to get another attorney, which Dandona denied.
Hunter has been testifying for several days, and was cross-examined by Deputy Public Defender Christine Voss on Monday morning.
They questioned them about their experience in traffic investigations, accident reconstruction and interviewing techniques.
On Friday, Hunter testified about calculating the speed of each motorcycle involved, which they determined from measurements at the scene and footage from a security camera 313 feet away from the collision site.
They testified Monday about their experience with the Santa Barbara Police Department and attendance at BATI — the Behavior Analysis Training Institute — where they learned about using misdirection and ruses during interviews.
Law enforcement officers may give the impression they have evidence they don't have and accuse interviewees of lying about things they know to be true, they said in response to Voss' questions.
Voss asked specifically about lies they told Rodriguez during an interview, and their accusations of Rodriguez being a liar (about talking to Alvarez on the roadway after the accident) even though Hunter knew the things they said were true.
Hunter said they used techniques “trying to ferret out” the facts.
At the preliminary hearing, they testified that they had accused Rodriguez of killing their friend during the interview.
Authorities believe Ibarra crashed into the oncoming vehicle after crossing the lane divider and went over the embankment, eventually hitting a tree.
Alvarez went into a slide and launched off the same embankment, but was able to walk back up to the road, authorities have said.
Rodriguez allegedly came back to the scene, talked briefly with Alvarez, and left again.
Both men told police that Rodriguez noticed their friends weren't behind him, came back, and was told to leave by Alvarez since they didn't have a motorcycle endorsement on their driver's license.
Trial testimony was scheduled to continue Tuesday morning.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
GREENVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) — After the shooting in Alexandria, Virginia, where congressional leaders were practicing for an upcoming charity event, eastern North Carolina representatives said they are shocked and saddened by what happened.
Rep. Walter B. Jones, R-District 3, said they were stunned at the news five people, including one of their colleagues, had been shot.
They were in their office early Wednesday morning and said they watched the news unfold on TV.
“They broke in and said we have to break away from you Congressman (Adam) Schiff because there's been a shooting in Alexandria, and we think it's the Republican baseball team practicing,” said Jones.
Jones says Rep. Steve Scalise is widely respected on the Hill.
“He's a very friendly type personality,” said Jones. “He's from Louisiana and in the times they would talk to me about how I was going to vote on a bill, whether they agreed with me or not, they were always cordial and always willing to listen. I think most Democrats would tell you that they like Steve Scalise very much.”
North Carolina Congressman David Rouzer, R-District 7, offered their support to Scalise with a statement reading in part:
“My thoughts and prayers are with him, their family and all the other victims, including the Capitol police, who are true and courageous professionals who put their lives on the line every day.”
Rep. G.K. Butterfield, D-District 1, said this day could serve as a turning point for our nation.
“Steve Scalise, my colleague from Louisiana, who is the No. 3 Republican in the house was shot and is in critical condition. We are very saddened by these events, but it is going to result in I believe a turning point in the relationship between Democrats and Republicans.”
CNRP deputy president Kem Sokha gives a video speech on New Year's Eve on their official Facebook page. Photo supplied
CNRP's New Year's resolution
Opposition leaders Sam Rainsy and Kem Sokha over the weekend released New Years messages saying that they hoped 2017 will see more cooperation between Cambodian politicians and less use of “fear, threats and injustice” than occurred in 2016.
Sokha, who was on December 2 pardoned of a five-month jail sentence for failing to appear in court last year, said in a video posted on their Facebook page on New Year's Eve that they wanted to see politicians fight clean as the June 4 commune elections approach.
“I would like to call on politicians as well as the leaders of Cambodia to work together to solve the rest of the problems peacefully in order allow our people to live and to earn their livings without fear, threats or injustices,” Sokha said in the video.
From France, Rainsy wrote a similar message in a post on their own Facebook page on New Year's Eve.
“I will do my best to do anything so that every citizen from every party and tendency unite and join together as a big Khmer family to protect our fatherland to live long and sustainably, and to have solidarity to build our fatherland to have more prosperity,” Rainsy wrote.
After Sokha's pardon on December 2, Interior Minister Sar Kheng said that they planned to soon meet with Sokha to discuss four officials from rights group Adhoc and an election official imprisoned as part of the “prostitution” case against Sokha last year.
They also said that Prime Minister Hun Sen had indicated that the five could be released before the end of the year, though they did not say how. Sokha and Kheng have not yet held such a meeting and the five officials remained behind bars as 2017 arrived.
CPP spokesperson Sok Eysan yesterday said that Kheng had made themselves clear about such a meeting at the end of last year. “As Sar Kheng said, they have not had the time yet,” Eysan said by telephone. “Their case is under the procedures of the court, so it is difficult.”
CNRP spokesperson Yim Sovann said that the opposition party was ready to talk whenever possible.
“We are ready to talk; we want it today, or even right now,” they said. “But it does not depend on us.”
The Richmond County Sheriff's Office is asking for the public's help in identifying two subjects. The man and woman pictured on the left are wanted for questioning. The case involves a stolen credit card being used at Krystal's.
If you have any information about these subjects, you are asked to contact Deputy James Price at the Richmond County Sheriff's Office at (706) 821-1056 or (706) 821-1020.
Copyright 2018 WFXG. All rights reserved.
A High Court judge said they hope to rule next month on the action by business person Denis O'Brien over statements made in the Dáil about their banking affairs.
Ms Justice Úna Ní Raifeartaigh also said on Wednesday they would consider submissions concerning the Kerins' judgment, as part of their consideration of the separate High Court case rejecting former Rehab CEO Angela Kerins' separate legal action. The Kerins' case addressed some of the issues raised in Mr O'Brien's case.
Further reflection
Ms Justice Ní Raifeartaigh had said last week they did not consider it necessary to hear submissions from the O'Brien case parties on the Kerins decision. However they were prepared, on further reflection while considering the Kerins judgment, to consider any further submissions the parties wished to advance, the judge said.
Eileen Barrington SC, for Mr O'Brien, and Sara Moorhead SC, for the Dáil parties, said they would provide written submissions by March 6th.
The judge thanked the sides and said they hoped to give their judgment in March.
After Mr O'Brien's case concluded last December, Ms Justice Ní Raifeartaigh said they would not finalise their judgment until the High Court had ruled on the case of Ms Kerins.
Them case was taken over the conduct of two Dáil Public Account Committee hearings in 2014 concerning payments of public monies to Rehab. A three judge High Court in late January dismissed Ms Kerins' case, which had raised similar issues relating to the privilege attached to “utterances” in the Oireachtas.
Mr O'Brien's lawyers last week had their case listed for mention before Ms Justice Ní Raifeartaigh for the purposes of asking if the court required further submissions from the sides in light of the Kerins' case decision.
O'Brien's case
The judge themselves relisted the case on Wednesday when they said they would accept further submissions.
ADVERTISEMENT
Mr O'Brien's case is against the Clerk of the Dail and the State. Legal costs are expected to exceed €1m and liability for those will be decided after judgment is delivered.
The business person has alleged Social Democrats TD Catherine Murphy and Sinn Fein TD Pearse Doherty “clearly disregarded” the constitutional separation of powers between parliament and the courts when they respectively made statements in the Dáil in May and June 2015.
They claimed the statements, made while they had High Court proceedings against RTÉ seeking to restrain it publishing details of their banking relationship with State-owned Irish Bank Resolution Corporation (IBRC), amounted to “unwarranted interference” in the judicial domain.
They also argued the Dáil Committee on Procedure and Privileges (CPP), which rejected their complaints over the statements, failed to “properly police” the TDs over their statements.
Immunity
The respondents' core argument was that the court, as a result of article 15 of the Constitution, has no jurisdiction to intervene. They argued article 15.13, which states members of the Oireachtas are not amenable to any court or authority other than the Houses themselves for “utterances” in the Houses, effectively confers “absolute” immunity from suit over such utterances.
They also argued, if Mr O'Brien wins, that would greatly restrict Dáil speech into the future. Mr O'Brien, the sole witness in the case, told the judge they wanted the court to censure both TDs over their statements and to lay down a line beyond which Dáil deputies cannot go.
Both TDs acted “recklessly and maliciously”, they hoped this would never happen again and their case “will change things for the future”, they said.
Locals were a little surprised to see the Prince Of Wales knocking back the pints in a local boozer.
Just imagine, you're sitting in a pub enjoying your weekend pint, and then a royal strolls in.
What's more, you don't even realise until you're scrolling back through photos you had taken that day!
Well, that's exactly what happened to Kasabian after they spent their weekend in a local pub in Somerset, only to realise that Prince Charles had popped in for a pint or two.
The group spent the day in an unassuming pub on Valentine's Day and were a little bit shocked to see that the heir to the throne standing behind them.
Photo bombing zone ... #HRH A post shared by Kasabian (@kasabianofficial) onFeb 14, 2017 at 7:48am PST
In a picture uploaded to Instagram, the band's guitarist Sergio Pizzorno in the foreground chilling, and lurking in the background is a suited and booted Prince Charles who is entertaining some children.
According to SomersetLive, Prince Charles was visiting the Prince Of Wales pub at Ham Hill, Stoke-Sub-Hamdon in Somerset on Tuesday night where they chatted to locals and even pulled a pint!
Speaking of their visit, landlady Nicki Holroyd, who has run Prince Charles' namesake pub with their husband Mike since 2006, told SomersetLive: "He was very generous with their time and it was just a brilliant day."
"We knew they were coming but it was lovely surprise for everyone else."
"He poured a pint and their visit was just a huge boost for everybody and our invited guests."
Prince Charles isn't the only royal to have made a surprise appearance in someone's photo, as Prince Harry was spotted sticking their tongue out when photobombing model, Winnie Harlow's picture last year.
Groups discuss impact of upcoming Laos dam
A coalition of youth and community groups yesterday held a meeting in Phnom Penh to discuss the controversial Pak Beng dam in Laos, issuing a request for its construction to be halted until after an impact assessment expected from the Mekong River Committee (MRC) is released.
Tek Vannara, director of NGO Forum, which represents 52 local and international groups, said the request to halt construction had been submitted to the MRC and the Lao government.
“The development of the Pak Beng dam is a project that will affect the fishing industry and livelihood of the people who are living at the lower and upper parts of the Mekong River,” said Im Sophat, a representative of Cambodian Volunteers for Society, after the NGO Forum meeting.
The study is due to be released at the end of this year and is meant to be a basin-wide assessment of all hydropower dams, irrigation and even climate change. Past impact assessments issued by the MRC have been criticised for not addressing the cumulative effects of building multiple dams.
The committee this month held its final stakeholder meeting on the Pak Beng dam, and is set to meet again next week to conclude the consultation process and allow construction to begin.
The MRC, which itself has no power to halt dam construction, could not be reached.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on the settlement between the company formerly known as Yahoo and government regulators over a huge 2014 data breach (all times local):
4 p.m.
Prosecutors say two Russian intelligence agents, Dmitry Dokuchaev and Igor Sushchin, used information they stole from Yahoo to spy on Russian journalists, U.S. and Russian government officials and employees of financial services and other private businesses.
A U.S. judge in San Francisco on Tuesday, meanwhile, pushed back a sentencing hearing for a 23-year-old Canadian man, Karim Baratov, who prosecutors say was hired by Dokuchaev to breach at least 80 email accounts obtained from the massive Yahoo hack.
Advertisement
Judge Vince Chhabria questioned whether the sentence of seven years and 10 months that prosecutors were seeking for Baratov was longer than what other hackers had received for similar crimes.
Baratov's attorneys have called for a sentence of three years and nine months.
___
2:15 p.m.
The company formerly known as Yahoo is paying a $35 million fine to resolve federal regulators' charges that the online pioneer deceived investors by failing to disclose one of the biggest data breaches in internet history.
The Securities and Exchange Commission announced the action Tuesday against the company, which is now called Altaba after its most valuable parts were sold to Verizon Communications for $4.48 billion last year. The Sunnyvale, California-based company neither admitted nor denied the allegations but did agree to refrain from further violations of securities laws.
Personal data was stolen from hundreds of millions of Yahoo users in the December 2014 breach attributed to Russian hackers. The SEC alleged that, although Yahoo senior managers and attorneys were told about the breach, the company failed to fully investigate.
Geoff Upson has been contacting road authorities about the state of the road near their home for about 18 months but nothing has been done about it.
Since taking the high road was getting them nowhere, the Auckland man decided to draw giant penises around the potholes, in the hope they'll grab the council's attention.
Earlier today, Upson went live on Facebook showing the two 20-metre long penises they have drawn earlier on Kahikatea Flat Rd, near Waitoki.
The fluoro green penises, about 1.2m in width, surrounded the numerous potholes on the road, drawing attention to the hazards.
Advertisement
Speaking to the Herald, Upson explained they decided to draw "a great artist's impression of a penis" to get local road authorities to fix the road.
Photo / Facebook
"I decided to do this as I have been driving over this stretch of road for 18 months and this is usually repaired using a temporary patch, and I estimate this temporary repair is carried out 35-45 times per year," they said.
According to Upson, "many other people in the area are also frustrated with the quality and some people have even damaged their cars on this piece of the road".
"There are also a few other potholes which are filled in regularly along this road, Kahikatea Flat Rd, but this is the worst part," they added.
Upson says the "civilised" way of approaching the matter has not worked in 18 months but they hope the giant penises will lead to a solution.
"I've seen it overseas, someone has done the same thing. They drew penises around the potholes and the council was forced to fix the potholes because people started complaining about the penises," they say in the video.
Kahikatea Flat Rd is a busy road which connects State Highway 16 to Dairy Flat Highway. Upson says the road registers about 6,200 daily traffic movements, including a high number of heavy vehicles.
Upson's video gathered more than 4000 views in just a few hours.
Auckland Transport (AT) says it is looking into the situation.
"A permanent fix will be done on this section of the road to ensure this problem stops happening," James Ireland, media adviser for Auckland Transport told the Herald.
"We understand this has been frustrating for drivers, and they can rest assured this will be fixed."
Ireland also added that this road is "scheduled for a permanent repair" and, in the meantime, AT "will be painting out the offensive graffiti".
"Mr Upson may want to reflect on the extra cost that their actions have imposed on local ratepayers," Ireland said.
Bill Cosby departs after their sexual assault trial near a cloud of bubbles blown by a protester, Tuesday, April 24, 2018, at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa. Matt Slocum AP Photo
A new law criminalising dishonesty on the part of health service staff should be named after Raychel Ferguson who died after being fed the wrong type of saline drip following an appendix operation in Altnagelvin in 2001, their heartbroken mother has said.
The otherwise healthy nine-year-old died in Belfast's Royal Victoria Hospital on June 10, 2001, as a result of hyponatraemia – a shortage of sodium in the body – two days after being admitted to Altnagelvin with stomach pains.
Them death has been subject to the 14-year Inquiry into Hyponatraemia-related Deaths (IHRD), led by Mr John O'Hara, who this week finally confirmed their parents' conviction that there were several failings in the care Raychel received before their death almost two decades ago.
Mr O'Hara further found that there was an “obdurate reluctance amongst clinicians to openly acknowledge specific failings in Raychel's care” and described this as “wholly reprehensible”.
They recommended a new statutory “duty of candour” that would compel health care organisations to be “open and honest” and impose criminal liability on anyone in breach of this duty.
Speaking after the publication of the IHRD report Raychel's mother Marie said the enactment of ‘Raychel's Law' would make a fitting tribute to their daughter who would have turned 26 on Sunday had they survived what should have been a simple procedure.
“I would like that candour that Mr O'Hara talked about to be called ‘Raychel's Law' because I have fought for 16 and a half years and I would like that to be in Raychel's memory,” they said.
Marie and Ray Ferguson joined the parents and families of four other children - Adam Strain, Claire Roberts, Lucy Crawford and Conor Mitchell, whose deaths were also subject to the IHRD - for the publication of Mr O'Hara's findings on Wednesday.
Mrs Ferguson read a moving personal statement at the launch of the report stating: “Raychel was catastrophically failed by Altnagelvin Hospital where they were subjected to misdiagnoses, which led to an unnecessary operation and was further subjected to inadequate care.
“Raychel was a healthy nine-year-old child who suffered immensely in the last hours of their life through what we now know was the neglect of basic care.”
Speaking after the publication of the report, they said they felt vindicated by the force of Mr O'Hara's conclusions.
“It just proves what we have been saying all along has been the truth. Everybody that was supposed to have looked after her, they have all let them down.
“He went further than what some of us would have expected. They named names.
“I don't think Mr O'Hara could have condemned them any more than they did.”
Mrs Ferguson paid tribute to their legal team Stephen Quinn and John Coyle, and especially to the Derry solicitor Des Doherty, who, they said, devoted 15 years to the inquiry.
“This isn't the end. We'll be calling on the police to open an investigation.
“The whole culture, hopefully, will change. This cover-up, this closing of ranks, keeping information from families, it all has to change.”
The mother of a young woman who died after being struck by a teenage driver in Burnaby has broken their silence, three years after the horrific crash that devastated their family.
Jacquie Johnston's eldest daughter, Shiloh, was 22 when they were struck on a sidewalk on Canada Way, just steps away from their workplace.
The 2015 collision left several others with injuries, including the young driver, who had collided with another vehicle before Shiloh was hit.
"I feel like I was in shock for about two years," Jacquie told CTV News in an exclusive interview.
The driver pleaded guilty to dangerous driving. Their identity is protected by law because they were only 17 years old at the time.
"He clipped another vehicle, lost control of their car, injured some other people including themselves and killed my daughter," the single mother said. "He has to live with that for the rest of their life."
The driver was sentenced at a Vancouver Youth Court last June to six months of curfew, 200 hours of community service, two years of probation and a four-year loss of their licence.
Jacquie said the court heard that he'd only been driving for seven months at the time, but had another infraction involving alcohol during that short period.
"I really feel for him," they said. "He was very young…Some time to grow up is probably beneficial."
The young man apologized in court, they said, but spoke only to the judge.
"I just feel like if they had addressed us, addressed me, it would have made it easier to forgive him. I mean, I do forgive him. What choice do I have?"
Jacquie described their late daughter as "very compassionate and kind to everybody."
Shiloh volunteered with seniors and was a youth leader for teenagers at their church, they said.
"She was just one of those very positive, very joyful, sweet, loving people," Jacquie said.
But Shiloh's death was not the only tragedy to strike the Johnston family that year.
Jacquie's youngest daughter, Keziah, died just 10 days before the fatal crash, following a four-year battle with addiction that stemmed from an eating disorder they had developed as a teen. They were 20.
"It was ruled an accidental overdose," the mother said. "She tried very hard. They were very determined, very brave."
Jacquie said the sisters were always very close and that Shiloh was a "huge support" for their sister during their addiction. The two even rented a home together at one time.
"She was so devastated when Kez passed away," Jacquie said. "She always was hoping for their recovery and supporting them through their different attempts for recovery…I'm very proud and feel privileged I got to have that time with them as my children because they were amazing people, both of them."
Shiloh was planning a memorial service for their sister before the collision that killed them
And even though they're both gone, Jacquie believes their daughters are still united.
"They were very close," they said. "Every single picture I have is of them together. They were always together."
With files from CTV Vancouver's Maria Weisgarber
WASHINGTON (AP) — More Republicans are telling President Donald Trump in ever blunter terms to lay off their escalating criticism of special counsel Robert Mueller and the Russia probe. But party leaders are taking no action to protect Mueller, embracing a familiar strategy with the president — simply waiting out the storm.
Trump blistered Mueller and their investigation all weekend on Twitter and started in again Monday, questioning the probe's legitimacy with language no recent president has used for a federal inquiry. "A total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest!" Trump tweeted.
Mueller is leading a criminal probe into whether Trump's 2016 presidential campaign had ties to Russia and whether there has been obstruction of justice since then.
Trump was told to cut it out on Sunday by such notable Republicans as Trey Gowdy, chairperson of the House Oversight Committee, and Bob Corker, chairperson of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Then on Monday they were told that firing Mueller would be "the stupidest thing the president could do" by Orrin Hatch, chairperson of the Senate Finance Committee.
Advertisement
But Hatch, on CNN, also said they didn't see any need for legislation to protect Mueller. And that sentiment was widely echoed by GOP leaders.
In recent months, bills to protect the special counsel have stalled, and Republican leaders have stuck to muted statements endorsing Mueller or denying they are in trouble. So far, that tactic has worked for them as Trump has lambasted the Russia investigation on Twitter but allowed Mueller to continue their work.
Democrats say legislation is needed.
"Immediately," said Sen. Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut. And Arizona Republican Jeff Flake, a frequent Trump critic, said, "If you don't pick this fight, then we might as well not be here."
But GOP leaders saw no reason to leap to stop a firing they don't think is in sight.
"I don't think that's going to happen so I just think it's not necessary, and obviously legislation requires a presidential signature," said Texas Sen. John Cornyn, the No. 2 Republican in the Senate. "I don't see the necessity of picking that fight right now."
Still, Cornyn said there would be "a number of unintended consequences" if Mueller were to be removed, and lawmakers had communicated that message to Trump "informally and formally."
White House lawyer Ty Cobb issued a statement Sunday tamping down the speculation, saying Trump is not "considering or discussing" Mueller's removal. White House spokesperson Hogan Gidley said Trump has "some well-established frustration" about the probe but insisted there is no internal discussion about removing Mueller.
Separately, Trump's legal team has provided documents to Mueller summarizing their views on key matters being investigated, according to a person familiar with the situation. That person insisted on anonymity to discuss the ongoing investigation.
The records were given as Trump's lawyers negotiate with Mueller's team about the scope and terms of a possible interview with the president.
Also, Trump added a new lawyer. Joseph diGenova, a former U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia, will join their team later this week.
DiGenova has been outspoken in their defense of Trump, talking of a "brazen plot" to exonerate Hillary Clinton in an email investigation and to "frame" Trump with a "falsely created crime."
Multiple White House officials said Monday that they believe Trump is now acutely aware of the political — and even legal — consequences of taking action against Mueller. For now, they predicted, Trump will snipe at Mueller from the outside.
Their sniping is getting more pointed.
Trump challenged the probe's existence over the weekend and strongly suggested political bias on the part of Mueller's investigators.
The tweets ruffled some GOP lawmakers. South Carolina's Gowdy admonished the president's lawyers, saying that if Trump is innocent, "act like it."
But House and Senate leaders remained quiet, and decidedly unruffled.
"As the speaker has always said, Mr. Mueller and their team should be able to do their job," said AshLee Strong, spokesperson for House Speaker Paul Ryan.
A spokesperson for Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell referred to comments that McConnell made in January saying they aren't worried that Mueller would be ousted.
Two bipartisan Senate bills introduced last summer, when Trump first started criticizing Mueller's probe, would make it harder to fire a special counsel by requiring a judicial review. But Republicans backing the bills have not been able to agree on the details, and Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley has shown little interest in moving them. McConnell has said they think they are unnecessary.
Still, some of the White House officials acknowledged that Trump did once flirt with removing Mueller.
That came last summer, when Trump's legal team — then led by New York attorney Marc Kasowitz — was looking into potential conflicts of interest with Mueller and their team and planning to make a case to have them removed, according to people familiar with the strategy. Those people spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss the private conversations.
As that strategy was being formulated, Trump directed White House counsel Don McGahn in June to call Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein to raise the perceived conflicts and push for Mueller's removal, according to one of the people familiar with the matter.
McGahn put off making the call because they disagreed with the strategy, the person said. When Trump persisted in pressing the issue, McGahn told other senior White House officials they would resign if Trump didn't back off. Trump let the matter drop, the person said.
Trump cannot directly fire Mueller. Any dismissal, for cause, would have to be carried out by Rosenstein, who appointed the counsel and has continued to express support.
Trump has fumed to confidants that the Mueller probe is "going to choke the life out of" their presidency if allowed to continue indefinitely, according to an outside adviser who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss private conversations with the president.
Likely contributing to Trump's sense of frustration, The New York Times reported last week that Mueller had subpoenaed the Trump Organization for Russia-related documents. Trump had said Mueller would cross a red line with such a step.
"Why does the Mueller team have 13 hardened Democrats, some big Crooked Hillary supporters, and Zero Republicans?" they tweeted Sunday.
Some of Mueller's investigators indeed have contributed to Democratic political candidates including Hillary Clinton, but Justice Department policy and federal service law bar discrimination in the hiring of career positions on the basis of political affiliation. Mueller is a Republican.
___
Associated Press writers Lisa Mascaro, Darlene Superville and Eric Tucker in Washington contributed to this report.
Welcome to the roundup of the best new Android applications that went live in the Play Store or were spotted by us in the previous weeks or so.
Please wait for this page to load in full in order to see the widgets, which include ratings and pricing info. Please wait for this page to load in full in order to see the widgets, which include ratings and pricing info. Looking for the previous roundup editions? Find them here.
Featured App
Accu Battery
Today's roundup is presented by Accu Battery from Digibites. Batteries today are ubiquitous with just about every device we use, as they play a critical role in our day-to-day that is difficult to dismiss. This means that it is pretty important to stay on top of your battery usage. Keeping track of what is using too much battery or just checking your current usage projections can be plenty helpful when out and about, as every spare milliamp-hour can be crucial in getting things done. Luckily Accu Battery is here to keep us informed, that way our batteries can run longer and more efficiently.
--
Accu Battery protects battery health, displays battery usage information, and measures battery capacity (mAh) based on science. Batteries have a limited lifespan. Every time you charge your device, it wears out the battery, lowering its total capacity. Scientific research shows that battery lifespan can be extended up to 200%, when you charge your device to only 80%. Accu Battery measures the actual battery usage using information from the battery charge controller. Battery usage per app is determined by combining these measurements with information on which app is in the foreground. Android calculates battery usage using pre-baked profiles that device manufacturers provide, like how much power the CPU uses. In practice however, these numbers tend to be highly inaccurate.
Measure real battery capacity (in mAh).
Use the charge alarm to prolong battery lifespan.
See how much wear your battery sustains with each charge session.
Look up the discharge speed and battery consumption per app.
Remaining charge time - know how long it takes before your battery is charged.
Remaining use time - know when you will run out of battery.
Screen on or screen off estimations.
Check the percentage of deep sleep, when the device is in standby mode.
Ongoing notification for real time battery statistics at a glance.
Pro Features
Real-time CPU and power usage overlay for spotting battery draining processes.
Use Dark and AMOLED black themes to save energy.
Access to historical sessions older than 1 day.
Detailed battery statistics in notification.
No ads
Apps
Areo
Android Police coverage: Google launches Areo, a food delivery and home services app for India
Google has introduced a new home service and food delivery app onto the Play Store. It goes by the name Areo and is currently available in India. To be more precise, only the Indian cities of Bangalore and Mumbai are supported. If you happen to live in one of these two cities you will have the ability to order food as well as have a multitude of other useful home services at your fingertips. You can even pay for these services via card, netbanking, or cash on delivery. Considering that this is an app from Google, it is of course completely free and contains no advertisements or in-app purchases.
--
Introducing Areo, one single app for food delivery and home services. Now live in Bangalore and Mumbai, bringing the city's top food and home services right to your door.
One app, thousands of local goods and services.
Fast, secure checkout
Fast and easy search
Book at your convenience
Detailed reviews
Flick Launcher
Flick Launcher is a new open source app launcher available on the Play Store. The project is still in alpha, but everything appears to be in working order. There is even a pro version available for $1.99 that adds extra gesture controls. Looking at the design it is obviously built to match with the aesthetics you would find in the Google Pixel Launcher. Flick Launcher is completely free to install and there are no advertisements or in-app purchases in sight.
--
Flick Launcher is a project started by Michele Lacorte (https://github.com/michelelacorte). Illustration, wallpaper and icon designed by MOWMO. I wanted to create an open source Launcher (https://github.com/michelelacorte/FlickLauncher) inspired by Google Pixel's style, with a few tweaks.
Walls for reddit
There are many subreddits on Reddit that focus on a wide range of wallpapers and art. Walls for reddit is an app that collects all of these into one easy to access place. This way you can browse and discover a huge selection of wallpapers that you can then easily add to your device. Walls for reddit does not contain any advertisements but the Play Store does list in-app purchases that range up to $0.99. I was, however, unable to find these IAPs when using the app.
--
Discover beautiful and unique wallpapers of reddit. Browse through thousands of wallpapers. Fresh wallpapers are posted everyday by the users of Reddit. Find your next favorite wallpaper by browsing through hot, new or top wallpapers. The top subreddits, dedicated to wallpapers, has been chosen from Reddit and included in the app. The different varieties of wallpapers include nature, space, art and many more.
TagFi
TagFi is a social group discovery and creation app. You can easily meet up with like-minded people and share in each other's interests and experiences. The app works in real-time, giving an immediate way for you to meet up with people. As someone who had moved around a lot in their youth, a tool such this would have been pretty useful. TagFi is free to download. There are advertisements included in the app, but luckily there are no in-app purchases to worry about.
--
TagFi lets you meet the right group, at the right time, in the right place for the right reasons. TagFi is a game changer. With TagFi, you will never have the fear of missing out. You will always be IN. TagFi puts the “social” back into social networking. Your search for instant group activities while seeking real-time social interaction is finally over. Create or Join groups on the spot with people near you who share the same interests as you.
InstaSwipe Instagram Panorama
Instagram does not make it easy to post panoramic images. InstaSwipe Instagram Panorama has solved this issue by allowing you to upload your images without having to worry about any quality loss. That way you are not limited by what Instagram does or doesn't allow for its uploads. InstaSwipe Instagram Panorama is easy to navigate and has a minimal yet intuitive user interface. This is free to download, though, it does contain advertisements. There are no in-app purchases to worry about but that also means you currently do not have a way to remove the ever-present ads.
--
Ever wanted to display your gorgeous panoramic images but had to sacrifice the resolution to fit Instagram's size restrictions? Tried cropping panoramic images on your own but ended up with jagged, misaligned images? That is a thing of the past with Instaswipe. With Instaswipe, you can now display your striking panorama images without having to compromise the true beauty and resolution of your photos. Perfect for anyone looking to display the true beauty of their panoramic, landscape oriented images straight to Instagram.
The Learning Lock
The Learning Lock is something of an interesting lock screen app. It utilizes machine learning in order to find deviations in how your screen is unlocked. If an unlock attempt differs too much from your regular action, a second pin will then need to be entered in order to access the device. This ensures that no suspicious unlocks will ever happen. The Learning Lock is a completely free app. There are no advertisements or in-app purchases.
--
Learning Lock is a lock screen that uses machine learning to detect anomalies in your pattern unlock and will ask for a back-up PIN if it thinks the attempt was suspicious.
Pocket Sense
Handheld devices that have a high cost often warrant a personal worry about pickpocketing. I know I have been in a few situations where it could be possible to easily snatch my device while I am not paying attention. Pocket Sense aims to be a tool that can help when you are in this position. You simply enable the app in order to have an alarm notify you if your device leaves your pocket. Pocket Sense is free to download but it does contain advertisements and a single in-app purchase. The IAP costs $0.99 and it is used to remove the ads from the app.
--
Stop worrying about the pickpockets or mobile thieves around you while traveling or public places. Pocket Sense application will ease your tension with our smart solution. Install the Pocket Sense app and enable the Pocket Sense mode. That's it. Now, You will get notified through an alarm if any mobile thief takes the mobile out of your pants pocket. You can turn off the alarm simply by unlocking the mobile or by turning off the pocket sense mode.
TEC VR
TEC VR is an immersive media app that is focused on virtual reality experiences. So far there are only two short videos available. The first one is titled My Brothers Keeper and it is inspired by the PBS drama series Mercy Street. The second video, This Is Our Future, is a real-time interactive experience created by The Nature Conservancy and MPC. What is nice is that both of these videos can be viewed with or without a VR headset. Despite the Play Store mistakenly listing in-app purchases as available in TEC VR, it is actually a completely free app with no IAPs or advertisements.
--
The Technicolor Experience Center is where artists and scientists from across the industry come together to realize the full potential of immersive media. By uniting talent from Technicolor and its award-winning creative brands (The Mill, Mikros Image, MPC and Mr. X) with partners from fields as diverse as gaming, animation, traditional media and technology, we enable the ideation, exploration and creation that pushes the boundaries of what immersive experiences can be.
Manufacturer And Tie-In Apps
Samsung Gear 360 (New)
Android Police coverage: The companion app for the new Samsung Gear 360 is live on the Play Store [APK Download]
With Samsung's launch of their new Gear 360 camera, it was only a matter of time before there was an updated companion app available on the Play Store. The new Samsung Gear 360 allows you to not only connect to the new Gear 360 camera, but it also allows you to connect to the old Gear 360 camera. The app itself can remotely take video, preview your recorded content, as well as check your Gear 360 cameras status and settings. Samsung Gear 360 is a free title with no advertisements or in-app purchases.
--
With the Samsung Gear 360 (New) app, you can create, view, and share 360 content on your smartphone, and enjoy various features by connecting Gear 360. This app is compatible with Gear 360 (2017) and Gear 360. Gear 360 lets you easily create, view, and share high quality 360 videos and photos of your memorable experiences. With Live broadcast, you can share your favorite moments and interact with your viewers in real time. You can even create your own virtual reality content that can be experienced through Gear VR.
HuffPost for Android TV
Android Police coverage: AOL Releases AOL On And HuffPost Live For Android TV, But They're Incompatible With Everything So Far (Even The ADT-1)
HuffPost for Android TV has received a full redesign featuring an all new look and app branding. When it originally released as HuffPost Live for Android TV back in 2014 it never actually worked as intended. Three years later and it looks like the publisher AOL Inc. has decided to finally have it fixed. Now you can easily use HuffPost for Android TV and watch its full catalog of videos. The app contains advertisements, but it is free to download and there are no in-app purchases.
--
HuffPost for Android TV has been redesigned. Watch the latest videos in News, Politics, Entertainment and Lifestyle on HuffPost. The app serves up the best video content from HuffPost and our premium partners, curating informative and entertaining videos, along with viral “must-see” moments & much more.
Launcher for Android Wear
Android Police coverage: Appfour releases a custom app launcher for Android Wear 2.0
Launcher for Android Wear brings back swipe access to your app list on any Android Wear 2.0 device. Just drag your finger from the right edge of your watch and you can easily access all of your apps from any screen. Launcher for Android Wear is free to download but there are advertisements by way of extra apps listed in the launcher. You can remove these ads through a single in-app purchase of $2.99.
--
Swipe to open a customizable list or grid of available apps on your Android Wear 2 smartwatch. This launcher simplifies launching apps on your watch. Note: The full version does not show ads for other apps in the app list.
Swipe-to-open
Optionally use the "Apps" complication to open the launcher
Switch between app grid and app list
Long press to star, hide, uninstall or view additional app settings
Compatible with any watchface
"Native" Android Wear 2 user interface design
Know A Worthy New App? Let Us Know!
If you have an application in mind for the next issue of the roundup, feel free to send us an email and let us know.
Important: there are 2 requirements in order for the app to be considered, listed below.
the app's launch date has to be no longer than 2 weeks ago
it has to be original, ground-breaking, well-reviewed, interesting, fun, etc - the cream of the crop
Now, if and only if the above requirements have been satisfied, fire up an email to this address: [email protected].
1 sponsored placement per week is available (your app would be featured at the top and marked as sponsored) - please contact us for details.
Beverage magnate Stefan Lepionka has won the latest court round in an ownership battle for a multi-million-dollar property development near Havelock North.
In 2014 Mr Lepionka paid a deposit of $463,000 to GLW Group for several planned sections on the Tukituki River's Horseshoe Bend.
When GLW defaulted on its $2.6 million mortgage Mr Lepionka bought the mortgage off Westpac to protect their deposit.
Mr Lepionka could not complete their 2014 deposit-paid purchase agreements because of caveats placed by Andy Coltart, who sought compensation for work on the development with GLW. The Black Barn co-founder lives in the property's original homestead and designed the property's only other building, Lepionka Lodge.
Mr Coltart had an option to buy the homestead from GLW and made an offer to the Lepionka mortgagee company to purchase the whole property for $6.93 million, which was declined, and the Lepionka mortgagee company successfully applied to the High Court to remove Mr Coltart's caveats so it could sell their home of more than 10 years.
Mr Coltart appealed to the Court of Appeal which ruled in their favour, saying the Lepionka mortgagee company was arguably not entitled to cancel Mr Coltart's agreement to buy the homestead and the mortgagee company actions "invite the inference that its predominant purpose was to secure collateral advantages for the Lepionka purchasers, not to recover its loan".
The Court of Appeal said the matter should be argued in the High Court but Mr Coltart settled with Mr Lepionka, allowing Mr Coltart to finally secure their homestead home.
In February former GLW Group former director Garth Paterson (bankrupt in New Zealand and Australia) asked the High Court in Auckland for orders to sell the remaining 22ha to a trust belonging to a neighbour of the disputed property, Warren Ladbrook.
In their recently-released judgement Justice Mary Peters supported Mr Lepionka's opposition to the sale because it would predetermine a central issue of a case to be heard in July. Them judgment said Mr Paterson wanted to sell the land to Mr Ladbrook for $4.5 million, which Mr Paterson said would be a better result than if the land was sold to Mr Lepionka. They said it was not "sufficient reason for denying the defendants the right to argue their case before the court".
Continued below.
Related Content Two charged over alleged cash kickbacks at South Auckland Maori organisations RMA reforms return to Parliament, described as 'racially divisive' by NZ First, lobby groups Your Views: Readers Letters
"Moreover, there is no evidence to suggest that the land will not be able to be sold after trial on terms as good as those offered now if the plaintiffs succeed at trial."
As part of the proposal to sell the land to Mr Ladbrook, Mr Paterson asked the High Court to order Mr Lepionka from the lodge, where Mr Paterson would live rent-free for six months.
Justice Peters did not make the order but said Mr Paterson's possessions from the lodge should be returned.
When they became mortgagee in possession Mr Lepionka hired security firms to prevent Mr Paterson from re-occupying the lodge but called them off when Mr Paterson was bankrupted in Australia.
Mr Paterson visited New Zealand a year ago and gained entry to the lodge. Mr Lepionka arranged for the electricity to be cut off but the lineman was allegedly bitten by GLW owner/director Liz O'Neil. The former wife of Mr Paterson, they were charged with assault to injure.
Mr Lepionka hired Denis O'Reilly to take back possession of the lodge. Mr O'Reilly is an anti-drug campaigner, programme facilitator and said they maintained a relationship with Black Power to help with their social work. They said the relationship played no part in their re-occupation of the lodge when it was vacant.
Mr Ladbrook, a property developer, told Hawke's Bay Today they were not party to court proceedings and originally tried to purchase the property in 2009 from the Ormond family.
They said through an associated entity early last year they made offers to GLW to purchase all or part of the property and since September made similar offers to Mr Lepionka.
"Both parties claim to have the ability to deal with the property," Mr Ladbrook said.
When Republican senators heard about Montana congressional candidate Greg Gianforte body-slamming a reporter who was so rude as to ask them a question about health care, they apparently said to themselves, "We need to make sure that never happens to us." So the answer they came up with was to minimize the terrifying prospect that they'd have to answer questions from the press when they didn't want to.
Ten years ago, you could count the number of new cars with over 600 horsepower without using all of your fingers. Today you need all your fingers plus your toes more than twice. By our count there are 50 cars and SUVs available in the United States right now with 600 hp or more.The diversity of vehicles is extraordinary. The list includes coupes, convertibles, sedans, wagons, SUVs, two-seat sports cars , supercars and shooting brakes. There's even a hatchback. Layouts include front engine, mid-engine and rear engine designs. Engines range from naturally aspirated big bore V10s and V12s to twin-turbo V6s, supercharged V8s, twin-turbo V8s, twin-turbo V12s, twice-boosted W12s and a V16 with four turbochargers. There are even some hybrids in the mix.Surprisingly, the mix of all-wheel drive and rear-wheel drive machines is split evenly, with 25 AWD and 25 with rear-wheel drive models. And in the age of the paddle shifter, we're happy to report that four can be purchased with three pedals, thanks to offerings from Chevy and Dodge The Americans also continue to lead the pack in the horsepower-per-dollar column, with cars like the 840 hp Dodge Demon (yes we know production has ended, we included it anyway), 717 hp Hellcats and GM's 650 hp Cadillac CTS-V Chevy Corvette Z06, and Camaro ZL1. These are some least expensive cars on the list, but they outpower many of the offerings from around the globe. The most powerful SUV on the list is also the least expensive, and it too is from Detroit.Not every carmaker is playing in this rarified air, including Toyota Jaguar , and Land Rover , but every American automaker is represented along with brands from England, Germany, Italy and Japan. Base prices range from $62,500 to $3 million, not including destination fees, and the horsepower ratings run from 600 hp to 1500 hp.And there's more big power machines coming next year. Ford has promised over 700 hp in the 2019 Ford Mustang Shelby GT500, and the 2019 Porsche Taycan (Mission E) should be packing 600 hp.
Related Video:
Sunday's episode of WWE's Total Bellas on E! drew 505,000 viewers and ranked #19 for the night on cable in the 18-49 demographic.
This is down from the season three premiere, which drew 517,000 viewers and ranked #24 for the night on cable. The hype surrounding the breakup (or the breakup storyline) between Nikki Bella and John Cena continues to come up short in drawing viewers to the show.
The NBA Playoffs topped the night on cable with more than 15 million viewers across two airings.
Below is our Total Bellas Season 3 Viewership Tracker:
Episode 1: 517,000 viewers
Episode 2: 505,000 viewers
Episode 3:
Season 1 Total: 3.842 million viewers
Season 1 Average: 640,000 viewers per episode
Season 2 Total: 4.702 million viewers
Season 2 Average: 587,750 viewers per episode
Source: ShowBuzz Daily
Tom Bruce went mainstream on January 30 last year.
It was the Ford Trophy final at Pukekura Park, and Central Districts had decided to bat against Canterbury.
Bruce strode to the wicket with the Stags 281 for three in the 43rd over. With 43 balls left they could have worked the ball around and built on was already heading towards a competitive total.
Instead they swung the bat like a lumberjack who was late for supper. Their channelling of world champion woodchopper Jason Wynyard saw seven sixes heaved into the upper tiers of the postage stamp ground. They finished on 71 from 23 balls and CD had an unassailable 405 for six.
The innings saw Bruce touted as a bolter for March's World T20. They aren't, but had made their mark on the cricketing map.
Bruce's performances in other formats have also been prolific. They average 46.51 after 21 first-class matches and 38.92 with a strike rate of 156 from 18 T20 outings.
Their international call-up to the latter format seemed imminent.
In the McDonald's Super Smash Bruce sits sixth on the strike rate charts for those to score over 100 runs. Their figure of 171.51 sits behind Colin De Grandhomme (222.63), Ross Taylor (178.02), Mitchell Santner (173.23), Jimmy Neesham (172.58) and Mahela Jayawardene (172.19). They clear the rope regularly; their 15 sixes are second to the 17 of Jayawardene and Hamish Rutherford this season.
"Tom's a consistent power hitter, and their craftsmanship and gamesmanship has gone to another level this season," selector Gavin Larsen said.
Bruce appears equally comfortable blasting through the off or legside. They look a doppelganger for John R Reid in archive footage, with massive arms to match.
Continued below.
Related Content Cricket: The absence of the in-form and unlucky Ross Taylor Australia have eye on future, chasing Pakistan whitewash Cricket: Mitchell Santner a chance for breakout 2017
Playing for New Zealand will end the 25-year-old's pursuit of a career with Scotland, the birthplace of their father.
Bruce played for Scotland A in June, scoring 70 and 1, but never appeared for the national side coached by former New Zealand representative Grant Bradburn.
If they had, the decision would not have affected any immediate Black Caps aspirations.
Under the International Cricket Council eligibility rules there is no stand down period for players who represent an associate nation before a test-playing side.
Bruce sought advice from some experienced Central Districts counsel in the build-up to their debut.
"I had a good chat with Mahela [Jayawardene] and Ross [Taylor]. They said I'd been picked for a reason, and to play my natural game.
"The last few days have been surreal. I've had a couple of seasons on the domestic circuit but I feel like I've been around a while and played enough cricket to take my game to the next level."
Bruce was farewelled by Stags teammates at Auckland airport on New Year's Day as they prepare to play the Super Smash finals as top qualifier.
"It's a Catch-22. I found it tough to walk away, but making your debut is also a big occasion."
He's also hoping support arrives from their base in Stratford.
"It's a small town and it's special to represent them and the Taranaki region. I'm hopeful a few of the club guys will come over in full voice."
Left-armer Ben Wheeler is also in line to make their T20 international debut with Trent Boult rested. He's already played six ODIs, the last against South Africa in August 2015.
"His ability to swing the ball at a decent clip can trouble any batsmen, as he's shown in domestic cricket this season," Larsen said.
Napier hosts the opening Twenty20 tomorrow with the series shifting to Mount Maunganui for matches on January 6 and 8.
- NZ Herald
ISTANBUL - Turkey on Saturday said that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should leave office "at some point" in the future but denied there was any kind of contact between Ankara and Damascus over ending the seven year civil war.
Ankara has been a prime foe of Assad throughout the conflict but has occasionally softened its rhetoric in the last months as Turkey strengthened cooperation with the regime's main ally Russia.
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's spokesperson, Ibrahim Kalin, told journalists in Istanbul, that Assad was not the leader to unite Syria and had lost legitimacy.
But Kalin said there needed to be a "political transition in Syria", leading to a new constitution and elections.
"It is not going to be easy but that's the ultimate goal to reach and at some point Assad will have to go," they added.
"Where exactly, at what point precisely (Assad leaves), is something that will be answered as we go on, obviously," they said.
Kalin was speaking after Russia on Tuesday hosted a peace congress on Syria, with both Russian President Vladimir Putin and Erdoğan expressing "satisfaction", according to the Kremlin.
Kalin said the Russian position has been "not so much protecting Assad personally but protecting the state institutions, state apparatus and the Syrian army and the regime elements".
They said: "They want to make sure that the state doesn't collapse completely in Syria."
Turkey's position on Assad has been under ever greater scrutiny since Ankara on January 20 began a cross-border operation with Syrian allied rebel forces against Kurdish militia based in the town of Afrin.
But Kalin denied any contact with Damascus "at any level".
"There is no communication, no relationship, direct (or) indirect. Nothing with the Syrian regime, at any level. I can say that categorically and very clearly," they said.
They also rejected the notion that there had been any agreement with Russia allowing the Afrin operation to go ahead in exchange for a deal over the rebel-held neighbouring region of Idlib.
"There's no deal with Russia 'you give Idlib and take Afrin'... they are two separate operations," they said.
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos You'll see more of this when atmospheric river dumps 4 feet of snow Pause Small Piper Cub plane crashes into Yuba River Slow down and watch the birds enjoying Yolo Bypass Wildlife Area Watch Coast Guard rescue Sacramento fisherman swept away in Pacific Ocean Watch Rocklin firefighters rescue child from locked car Former McClatchy High student plans to sue district over alleged gang rape 34 Explicit Language: DA Morse leaves expletive-laced voice mail to public defender Santa Barbara Zoo welcomes baby giraffe Advocates launch campaign to improve Obamacare This Fresno mom always wanted a quinceanera. At 45 years old, they finally had one. Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
What's it like to ride in a driverless car? Google's Autonomous Car Team explains the features on a test ride with Sacramento Bee transportation writer Tony Bizjak in early 2016. Randall Benton The Sacramento Bee
What's it like to ride in a driverless car? Google's Autonomous Car Team explains the features on a test ride with Sacramento Bee transportation writer Tony Bizjak in early 2016. Randall Benton The Sacramento Bee
Irro-Reisen Bus Charter Services is offering unparalleled opportunity to hire a bus for your tour around Austria. Whether you want to visit Salzburg or journey around the country, Irro-Reisen is the company that will make it all happen.
Austria is one of the most beautiful countries in the world. Whether you like to enjoy the sight of dark green grass fields beautifully covering the mountain bases or the view of imposing, snow covered gorges, Austria can mesmerize you and leave you with permanent impressions that will for a lifetime. When you decide to visit, you have to maximize the pleasure by knowing where to go and which parts of the country to travel to. There are hundreds of cultural places to go to and thousands of buildings that are going to captivate you with their majestic design. Luckily, there is a company that caters to tourists who are hungry to travel the country and explore the hidden as well as well-known gems. Whether you have a solid plan on where you want to go to or need some advice on which parts of the country to enjoy on your trip, it is always a great idea to hire a bus that will take you around the city as well as the surrounding areas and show you some of the places that you would not have been able to see otherwise. Finding a bus charter in Austria is easy because there is one company that caters to local as well as international tourists. Irro Reisen bus service in Vienna is known for its superb quality service as well as solid reputation on the market that they have been leading for forty years.
The company offers variety of services depending on your interests. For example, you can hire a coach to do sightsee, city tours, group-travel or rent a bust to visit one of many beautiful cities and towns. So, if you are planning to visit a particular city or want a comprehensive tour around the country, Irro-Reisen Bus Charter in Austria is there to help. Moreover, the company can arrange a bus transfer from the airport to your hotel and then accommodate your travel needs as you please. Apart from regular tourist attractions, Irro-Reisen also caters to business visitors. If you are in town for business purposes and need a bus charter in Salzburg or a bus charter in Vienna the company will be there for you from the point of entry at the airport, all throughout your journey. That being said, Austria is an amazing country and you need an amazing bus charter company that will help you explore it thoroughly. Do not hesitate, reach out to Irro-Reisen representatives and arrange your fulfilling trip throughout Austria.
About Irro-Reisen Bus Charter Services:
Irro-Reisen is a well known and reputable bus charter service provider in Germany and throughout Europe. If you want to tour Austria and need a bus charter there is no better option to pick. Customer oriented service, friendly prices and variety of tours make this company the leading bus hire provider in Europe.
Contacts:
Company: Irro-Reisen Coach Charter Berlin
Address: Roland-Brandir-Str. 2 D-29439 Luechow (Lower Saxony), Germany
Phone: +49 5841 977 325
Email: info@coach-charter-berlin.com
Website: http://www.coach-charter-berlin.com/
14, June 2017: Technology has remarkably transformed the way in which machines operate and the kind of products they produce. Cutting and laminating machines play a crucial role in developing as well as finishing a vast range of products. There are some highly advanced automated machines that several companies from China and the world have been producing for different necessities. One such company that is involved in production of advanced cutting and laminating machines. With over 20 years of operations in this arena, the company has expanded across a number of countries from different corners of the planet.
Its products are mostly used by companies from the leather, textile, footwear, automotive, packaging and sports industries. Its team of professionals adheres to customers with key focus on their specific requirements. Besides offering some standard products, the company is also equipped to cater to specific customer requirements. This has been one of the key driving forces for its expansion across different countries on the planet. Some specialized products such as Scatter laminating machine that is mostly used in the garment industry. It is capable of scattering PA and HDPE in an even manner over different materials like shirt interlinings, suit chest interlining, etc.
Each of these machines like the carbon powder laminating machine is compact in structure and is easy to operate. Moreover, it comes with a reliable function as it undergoes a series of quality checks before being brought out in the market. In order to know more about the kind of products being featured by the company, customers can visit their website. It acts as a virtual office wherein the company presents all its products along with detailed specs. For instance, a person looking for Adhesive Sticker Laminating Machine can directly move to this dedicated section and browse through the options offered.
In case of custom requirements customers can send their specific queries and specify their requirements. Based on the inputs and by assessing the requirement of the company, Kuntai Machinery offers their experienced inputs for producing some advanced solutions which is not only effective but can contribute to cost effective solutions as well. So be it Fiber PTFE laminating machine or laminating machines for various industries, the company is a single stop destination for all.
About Kuntai Machinery:
Kuntai Machinery is a Chinese manufacturer of a vast range of laminating and cutting machines. The company is presently offering its products to customers from different parts of the world. For more details about their products and services, customers can visit their website.
For Media Contact:
Person Name: Job Lu
Company: Kuntai Machinery
Phone: +86 18261228899
Email: job@cnkuntai.com
Website: http://www.cnkuntai.com/
iStock/Thinkstock(WASHINGTON) — More than 100 members of Congress are asking for more funding to protect endangered species, in a letter sent to the leaders on the House Appropriations Committee last week.
The Trump administration's budget proposed cuts to multiple agencies that carry out programs to protect endangered species, including an 18 percent cut to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service budget. The budget proposal for the FWS includes a $9.5 million cut to money available for listing new species as endangered, which is almost half the funding that program received in the 2017 fiscal year.
The non-profit Center for Biological Diversity said in a 2016 report that it would cost an estimated $2.3 billion per year to recover the populations of all endangered species. The U.S. currently provides just 3.5 percent of that funding, according to the report.
The proposed budget also includes a 64 percent cut for the Cooperative Endangered Species Conservation Fund, which provides grants for state and local governments for conservation.
Democratic Reps. Don Beyer, Debbie Dingell, and Raul Grijalva organized the letter which was co-signed by 103 Democratic Members of Congress and one Republican. In the letter, the lawmakers ask the leaders of the House Appropriations Committee to provide funding for Endangered Species Act programs in the budget for the 2019 fiscal year.
“The need for increased recovery funding is evident from the nearly 400 listed species that lack recovery plans. Congressional appropriation for both recovery and consultation, both insufficient, have not kept pace with the number of listed species,” they wrote in the letter.
“It is abundantly clear that Congressional ESA appropriations have not kept pace with recovery, consultation, and conservation efforts,” Beyer said in a statement. “Nearly 400 listed species lack recovery plans, and that is unacceptable. We need to adequately fund all aspects of the ESA process so that we can protect and preserve America's national heritage.”
The letter was sent to the chair and ranking member of the subcommittees that recommend appropriations for the Interior Department and Department of Commerce.
Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke was asked about the department's budget proposal and its impact on endangered species protection in a hearing Thursday, the day before the letter was released. Zinke said that the department proposed decreasing the Land and Water Conservation Fund, which is used to acquire and manage public lands, so it could focus specifically on wildlife corridors.
Zinke signed an order aiming to improve management of wildlife habitats in Western states in February, specifically for areas populated by game animals like antelope, elk, and mule deer.
The Center for Biological Diversity's endangered species director, Noah Greenwald, said he's glad to see congressional support to increase funding for endangered species protection. They said the center has identified at least 47 species that went extinct while waiting to be listed as endangered and that other species' recovery plans are decades old.
“Once species are protected if we don't identify what they need for recovery they could go extinct,” they said in an interview with ABC News.
Rebecca Riley of the Natural Resources Defense Council said Endangered Species Act programs have been underfunded for years which contributed to delays in creating and implementing recovery plans for endangered species.
For example, Polar bears were listed as threatened in 2008, according to a Fish and Wildlife Service database, but the recovery plan for the species was only finalized in 2016.
“The underfunding of the Endangered Species Act has been going on for a long time, so the Trump administration is proposing to cut something that was already underfunded,” they said.
Funding for those programs is provided through the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service as well as the National Marine Fisheries Service within the National Oceanic at Atmospheric Administration.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
PAHOKEE, Fla. - Palm Beach County sheriff's deputies arrested a 13-year-old boy Monday accused of threatening to "shoot up" a Pakohee school on Snapchat.
The boy, who was not identified, told deputies that the threat against Glades Academy School was a joke and deputies found no weapons in their possession.
They face a charge of written threats to kill and do bodily injury with mass shooting.
South Florida schools have seen an uptick in threats after the mass shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland on Feb. 14.
Most of the threats have been hoaxes, but Broward County sheriff's deputies did arrest a Pompano Beach teenager in late February and confiscated bomb parts and other weapons.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Have your say
Young adventurers can explore a colourful new addition to the play area at Stanwick Lakes.
Thanks to funding from the Mick George Community Fund and East Northamptonshire Council's Community Facilities Fund, the Rockingham Forest Trust which manages Stanwick Lakes has been able to improve part of the wooden tower in the main play area.
The new piece of play equipment has a huge wooden walkway, a climbing ramp, firefighter's pole, scramble net and brightly coloured windows, making reaching the top of the wooden tower an exciting summer holiday adventure for children of all ages.
The sun shone as Alyson Allfree, director of the Rockingham Forest Trust, was joined by Sean Feely, communications manager for Mick George and Colin Wright, chairperson of East Northamptonshire Council to open the new play equipment to the public.
Sean said: “Mick George is really pleased to be able to support such a popular community facility as Stanwick Lakes.
“Thousands of children will have fun climbing and sliding there this summer.”
For more information about Stanwick Lakes, call the visitor centre on 01933 625522 or go to www.stanwicklakes.org.uk.
China penalises 6.7m ‘debtors' with travel ban
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
The eight edition of Lagos State Egungun Festival 2017, under the leadership of Chief Tajudeen Muili, comes up on Saturday, February 25, 2017 at 3, Muili Street, Oluyole bus stop, Oregun, Lagos State. A statement by the Alapinni-Oje, Alagbado Tomia, Lagos State, High Chief Jimoh Balogun, said eminent personalities will attend the ceremony from across the globe, including traditional rulers, Awori obas and baales, political office holders, top government functionaries, business executives, among others.
This story is about Published 57m
ST Ranger Things (March 19): Cue the theme music and meet Kevin Jepsen Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Smiley N. Pool/Staff Photographer Texas Rangers pitcher Kevin Jepsen poses for a photo during Spring Training picture day at the team's training facility on Wednesday, Feb. 21, 2018, in Surprise, Ariz. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
By Evan Grant , Staff Writer Contact Evan Grant on Twitter: @Evan_P_Grant
1. One noticeable element - among many - absent in the Rangers bullpen last year was a veteran presence. The role is important in building bullpen chemistry, but its importance is also relative to how well the actual pitcher performs. The Rangers brought in Jason Grilli midway through last season to fill the role; alas they did not perform well and, thus, the presence aspect was kind of null-and-void.
Rangers claim Tommy Joseph off waivers from Philadelphia
2. Kevin Jepsen is making a strong push to help fill that role this year. 3. Jepsen, 33, has been in the majors for seven of the last eight seasons with the Angels, Tampa Bay, and Minnesota. They have thrown the ball extremely well this spring and was the bright spot in Monday's 5-1 loss to Colorado. They retired three of the four batters they faced. He's allowed one run on three hits in 8.1 innings this spring. 4. "We are playing close attention," manager Jeff Banister said. "He's making a strong case for himself. Yes, he's a veteran, but he's also a veteran with skins on the wall. They have done really well."
5. The issue here is how many arms the Rangers keep in the bullpen. It won't be more than eight, and if it is eight, one of them will be a swing pitcher who is occasionally the extra starter. That role is likely to go to Jesse Chavez or perhaps Bartolo Colon. 8. 6. Also, you figure Jake Diekman, Alex Claudio, Chris Martin, Tony Barnette (if their back is healthy) and Keone Kela all have roles. Add them and you are at six. 7. I left Matt Bush off. I think he's going to be fine, but he's still adjusting to returning to the bullpen after preparing as a starter. With him, that's seven. 8. If the Rangers decide to keep Rule 5 pick outfielder Carlos Tocci that would seem to be as far as they could go. But they have 14 games in 14 days to start the season and, to be honest, an extra arm might have more value than a late game defender/runner. 9. That leaves one spot for either Jepsen or Jose Leclerc. 10. At least until Tim Lincecum is ready, which should be mid-April.
Tasty cow: Spring outing proves Martin Perez is ready to eat up innings like they ate the bull that injured them
11. The bullpen, in other words, remains very much a work in progress. Banister said the decision on a closer likely will carry into the season with multiple guys getting early opportunities. 12. For the second time this spring, the Rangers bumbled a rundown between third and home because the catcher gave up the ball too quickly. On Monday, it was Juan Centeno. We mention this because on Monday afternoon, GM Jon Daniels said they were preparing to go with what they had in camp at catcher unless a "meaningful upgrade" became available. 13. Centeno, who is out of options, has had a decent spring at the plate, but I still have to think if Philadelphia decides to part ways with Prestonwood Christian's Cameron Rupp, they would represent a meaningful upgrade. Rupp throws well and has, on three occasions, started more than 70 games in a season. That's significant given Robinson Chirinos' injury history. 14. Rockies starter Jon Gray pitched 6.1 innings of shutout baseball Monday, allowing the Rangers just four hits. They got a standing ovation upon leaving the game. 15. The game was played at the Rangers' home park in Surprise. 16. The Rangers are 2-7-1 in their last 10 exhibitions. 17. They managed one run - on a two-out, ninth-inning single by Ryan Rua - Monday despite having six regulars play all nine innings. Only Elvis Andrus, Adrian Beltre and the catcher left the game early. There are no concerns about Andrus or Beltre. 18. Andrus is hitting .500 this spring through 24 at-bats; Beltre .350 for 20 at-bats. 19. Let the countdown begin. There are 10 days left until the season opener and five days left in Arizona.
The headquarters of the European Central Bank (ECB) in Frankfurt.
Berlin: The European Central Bank never tries to manipulate the euro exchange rate for trade or competitive policy reasons, French Finance Minister Michel Sapin said in an interview published on Monday, echoing other politicians rejection of US claims.
US President Donald Trump's top trade adviser, Peter Navarro, this month said Germany was exploiting the exchange rate for trade purposes. German Chancellor Angela Merkel was among those who said the comments were off the mark.
“These attacks clearly make no sense for a number of reasons,” Sapin told the Handelsblatt newspaper. They said the euro moved freely and the ECB made its monetary policy decisions independent of member countries.
“The ECB never tries to manipulate the exchange rate of the euro to achieve trade or competitive policy goals,” they said.
“The euro is the currency of the entire Eurozone. On the international level what counts are the surplus of the entire Eurozone, not that of Germany.” Sapin said they hoped that Trump would understand quickly how advantageous and important ties with the European Union were for the well-being of the United States.
Increase investments
They said EU officials were still trying to lift growth in the bloc and push for structural reforms in some states, but it is also important for countries like Germany to increase investments.
“Germany could be more ambitious in this area,” Sapin told the newspaper. Europe still needed to restore investments to levels seen before the global financial crisis, they said.
“If we all only pull in one direction, namely reducing budget deficits, the adjustments [in Europe] will be even harder,” they said.
Sapin repeated their view that investors would lose money if they bet on far-right leader Marine Le Pen winning this year's French election, and said of their party: “The National Front is not a populist party, but a party outside the democratic consensus, outside the values that France defends.”
By Abby Hassler
Officials unsealed court documents Monday (April 17) to reveal details surrounding the first searches of Prince's Paisley Park estate following their untimely death.
Related: Prince's Ex-Wife Mayte Garcia Says Memoir is not a Tell-All
The unsealed search warrants don't confirm the source of the drug, fentanyl, that led to the 57-year-old singer's accidental, self-administered overdose last April, according to The Star Tribune.
Investigators found no prescriptions in Prince's name, however, Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg told detectives they had written a prescription for oxycodone, which is also an opioid, under the name of long-time Prince associate and drummer Kirk Johnson.
Between April 21 and Sept. 19, 2016, Carver County authorities conducted investigations into Prince's death with a total of 11 search warrants.
Are you looking to get your business off the ground, and are a die-hard do-it-yourselfer? Then this quick guide is for you. Here's what you need to do to focus on to get your website up and running fast and to rank highly in the ever-present search engines.
If you're a local business, which I'll assume you are (otherwise you should probably bite the bullet and farm this work out), you'll be looking to register well on Google Places and Bing Places. Let's look at how we should go about doing that.
Basic Search Engine Optimization
Without any knowledge of search engine optimization (SEO), you should still be able to operate a successful website, mainly because content management systems like Wordpress and Joomla have taken care of most of the hard part for you. For this guide, let's just assume that your website creator has the best standard practices in mind and you're good to go. Here's what you can do out of the box to rank better in the search engines.
Place Your Keywords Up Top
Google's bots look at numerous things to qualify what a page is about, and heading tags toward the top are what the bots will read first, thinking that these are what the user will most likely see first. Title tags (h1) are the most important headings, and it goes down from there (h2 to h6). Don't mix these header tags up, either; keep them in order. Google will look at your site's pages as permanent, static things, so if you can set a page up with one of your focus keywords, all the better.
Put Your Business Citation in the Footer
A business' “citation” is basically how the business is listed (name, address and phone) throughout the web. Submitting your business' citation to local search directories one way to have numerous examples of your business's name, address and phone out in the web, working its Google magic. When Google crawls these directories it'll link your business' info with your business. Help them do that by making your site the site with the most of these “citations” by putting it on every page of your website (usually a nondescript place like the footer is best).
Use Google's New Data-Highlighter to Help It Identify You as a Local Business
This new tool makes it incredibly easy to help Google identify your website as a local business. Before you'd have to do some custom schema coding, but now you can just use this point and click tool available through Google's Webmaster tools to highlight the relevant information on your site. Google will do the rest. How's that for plug and play?
Get Links
Getting another website to link to you is what it's all about. Link-building is a tiresome process, but consider it Google's way of authenticating a site's authority. If you're selling shoes, Google wants to make sure of that, so if already known websites link to your site for shoes, well, Google does the math and considers your site more worthy of better rankings. You can get links on other websites by either emailing them directly (to write a guest blog post about something industry-relevant, say), or you can just produce great content that gets shared organically.
Unfortunately, for things to get shared organically, people have to know about them, right? That's where it pays to have an audience — something I'll leave for another write-up.
Other Tips
» Don't get caught up in site speed … yet: You might hear SEOs talking about site speed. It has been reported that Google wants the web to be a fast experience, and this is true. But at this level of the game, your site will probably neither have the traffic nor the size to make this an issue. If it's an issue, you can check out free site speed tools like GTMetrix.com, which rank your site's speed based on Google and Yahoo!'s variables for free and without hassle.
» Go responsive, go mobile: 40 percent of search traffic is through mobile devices. If your site isn't optimized for mobile devices, you're losing out on a huge market share.
» Get content: Content, while also serving as a great promoter of your site, also helps Google rank you for the target keywords you're using in your pieces. Several companies, including the one I work for, specialize in creating that content for you.
— Hudson Hornick is a content marketing expert and copywriter for Santa Barbara-based Alchemy On Demand.
Trending on Twitter right now: the hashtag #CulinaryCardinalSin.
What this is, is kitchen decisions resulting in disaster, like using fat-free cheese instead of the real stuff.
Here's what people just won't stand for when it comes to their food:
I am one of “those” people who like pineapple on pizza, so, sorry(?)
…I also like dipping potato chips in ice cream.
The reason I am writing this is because I can't get past the guy who put Peeps on their pizza! What's your #CulinaryCardinalSin?
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Our nostalgic quizzes have proved popular in the past - so here's another one.
We're taking you on a journey back to the 1990s to see how many Aston Villa players you can remember.
It was a decade when Villa won two League Cups as well as challenging for the Premier League title.
There are 12 faces for you to recognise. Some of them are fairly obvious and some are a little bit trickier.
Test your claret and blue knowledge by having a go.
Click the quiz above to see how many of them you can recall - and don't forget to share your score on social media.
LITTLE BY LITTLE
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Speaking of the 1990s. Have you seen the video of Brian Little reminiscing about managing Villa during that decade.
It's courtesy of popular fans channel The Villa View.
You can subscribe to The Villa View's YouTube channel here.
PREMIER LEAGUE QUIZ
Okay, now you've had chance to rest your 1990s Villa credentials, how do you rate your general Premier League knowledge from that decade.
It's the usual drill, have a go, see how many faces you can recognise and share your score on social media.
When it comes to the English game, the 90s were famous for, among other things, Eric Cantona's kung fu kick at a supporter, Liverpool's Spice Boys cream cup final suits and THAT Gazza goal against Scotland in Euro 96.
But we won't be testing you on all that - we'll be seeing how many top flight players you can recall from back then from our selection of photos.
There are 15 faces for you to recognise, but we've got every faith in you to get them right!
Click the quiz above to see how many of them you can recall.
Holly Willoughby This Morning outfit: Where to buy their blue floral dress
The mum-of-three looked ready for another summer's day in a blue floral dress from online store Three Floor Fashion on Wednesday's show.
Holly, 37, rocked a summer-chic frock for today's outfit, which accentuated their trim waistline and set off their bright blonde locks.
The Morning presenter teamed it with some white open-toe heels to really finish that summer vibe.
The pretty 'Fleur Dress' will set you back a cool £345, and is in stock on the Three Floor website in sizes ranging from 4-14.
But if it's tickling your fancy, you best be quick - most sizes are 'limited stock'!
Holly's stylish white Alana Single Sole Sandals are £60, genuine leather and in stock on the Office website.
If you were after a pair of smart 'all-rounders' perfect for multiple occasions, we think these sophisticated stilettos are ideal!
Credit: Three Floor Fashion - This dress is so versatile it wouldn't look out of place at a summer wedding or family occasion - we love it!
Holly fronts This Morning alongside silver fox Phillip Schofield Monday - Thursday, with Ruth Langsford and Eammon Holmes taking the reins on Fridays.
WATCH! 9 times Holly wowed us with their best looks in 2017:
When Chloe first came to us they were in rough shape and in lots of pain! Our medical team got to work on them right away, but recovery was going to take some time. Even with medication, there was a lingering pain that really soured their mood. Poor Chloe was not a happy camper! They really wanted someone to take their home, but they so upset about their pain that they didn't like saying hi to people who came to visit her!
Since then Chloe has gotten much better! No more pain! With it gone, the snuggly little sweet pea has come out purring! They love making people swoon by rolling around on their back and asking for tummy and chin scratches. Wand toys and jingly bells have nothing on a human's lap!
Chloe thinks the phrase, ?curiosity killed the cat' is silly because they are very curious and they are doing just FINE. They really loves watching people come and go outside their special room! If only they were here ALL the time instead of only during the day! They wish someone would come take their home because they then they could people watch from all the best windows!
Chloe is the kinda gal who knows what they like and what they don't like. She's not a huge fan of cats! She's aware that she's a cat. But in their opinion, she's the best cat! They also don't like dogs or other pets in general! They love people, and would prefer to live in a home with people, and no pets!
Age: 7 years 5 months
Sex: Female
Size: Medium
Colour: Grey/White
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Declawed: No
In order to ensure a smooth and successful adoption, please remember to check all the basic requirements for adopting before coming in to the shelter.
About this column:
Each week we feature animals available for adoption from local shelters in the Toronto area with the hopes that our readers will assist in finding good homes for them. If you, or someone you know, has the resources to take care of one of these animals, please do get in touch with the appropriate shelter via the links provided.
…approves 36 patrol vehicles, overhauls operation thunderstorm
…holds security town hall meeting
The Governor of Edo State, Mr. Godwin Obaseki, on Monday visited families of the three persons allegedly killed by bandits in Ugboha, Esan South East Local Government Area, to commiserate with them.
Obaseki strongly condemned the actions of the assailants and promised that the state will spare no resources in fishing them out for prosecution.
They reiterated their earlier directive to security agencies to apprehend the bandits within seven days.
The three persons killed are; 17-year-old undergraduate of Ambrose Alli University, Ekpoma (AAU), Akhere Ojierakhi; a toddler and a secondary school student, Victor Momodu.
They pledged the support of the state government to the families of the victims in their struggle to overcome the loss of their relatives.
The visits to the families of the victims of the attacks were followed by a Security Town Hall Meeting in Ubiaja, where the governor unveiled new measures that the state government has adopted to tackle the attacks on innocent Edo people.
The measures according to him, include the overhaul of Operation Thunderstorm, the special taskforce dedicated to fighting violent crimes in the state.
They said 36 patrol vans have been approved to security agencies to patrol the 18 local government areas of the state, with each local council receiving two patrol vehicles each.
Addressing elders from the senatorial district at the security town hall meeting as well as women, representatives of Hausa community and youths, on plans to ensure that the attacks on innocent people are not allowed to happen again, Obaseki said:
“We will apprehend the people who committed this heinous crime and we shall prosecute them and bring them to justice.
“We are also deploying economic development initiatives to combat this crisis. With these initiatives that I have for this state and Esan land, I cannot allow this atrocious acts to persist.”
14 August, Kathmandu: Vice Premier of State Council of the People's Republic of China Wang Yang arrived here this afternoon on a four-day official visit to Nepal.
Mr Wang was welcomed at the Tribhuvan International Airport VIP longue by Minister for Culture, Tourism and Civil Aviation Jitendra Narayan Dev.
Nepal's Ambassador to the People's Republic of China Leela Mani Paudyal, China's Ambassador to Nepal Yu Hong and the high level officials of Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Embassy of China in Kathmandu were also at the TIA to welcome the Chinese Vice-Premier. RSS
At the start of 2018, the Saints players talked about turning a page.
They spoke about wiping the slate clean.
They wanted to spark a fresh start.
And, most of all, they wanted to make Franklin's Gardens a fortress again.
Their stronghold had been struck by a string of sizeable defeats.
The likes of Saracens, Wasps and Ospreys travelled to Northampton and waltzed away not only with a win, but with a full five points.
Supporters could have been forgiven for thinking talk of turning things around was hollow.
They would have worried that their team did not have what it took to turn aims into reality.
But since 2017 became 2018, ambitions have indeed been realised.
The Saracens shocker at Allianz Park aside, Saints have shown a new-found steel.
And they have managed to live up to their promise to bring the pride back.
Not only did they show immense character to claim a gritty win at Sale last weekend, but they have now won three successive home matches.
They are still 100 per cent at Franklin's Gardens in the new year.
After securing a last-gasp success against Gloucester and producing a classy performance against Clermont Auvergne, they hammered Harlequins.
Saints did what they have had done to them so often this season: they racked up a bonus point before half-time.
In fact, it came in the first 30 minutes as they totally overwhelmed their opposition.
At one stage, Saints had made more than 300 metres, while Quins had struggled to make 30.
Even given the disparity in strength of the two sides, that was quite something.
Saints sent out their big guns - and they fired.
But this wasn't just about players like George North and Piers Francis.
This performance was built on the dynamism of players such as Mike Haywood and Tom Stephenson, both of whom are products of the Saints Academy.
It was also built on the sheer graft of the likes of Jamie Gibson and David Ribbans, who got around the field at a rapid rate of knots.
All in all, a Saints side with semi-final in sight delivered when it mattered.
Now they need to do it all again in the Premiership in the coming weeks.
They have momentum and they must use it to carry them past Bath at The Rec on Friday night.
But make no mistake, the west country side will be facing a very different Saints outfit to the one that finished 2017 with a 50-21 defeat to Harlequins at Twickenham.
This is a Saints side that now believes again.
And the supporters do, too.
The feel-good factor is back at the Gardens, and how Saints would love to maintain that in the weeks and months to come.
If they can, not only could a much more promising league position come their way, but a piece of silverware may also be making its way into the trophy cabinet in March.
How they rated...
AHSEE TUALA
Etched their name on the scoresheet as they sauntered over the line during the first half in what was a strong showing... 7
KEN PISI
The Samoan wing now has five tries in as many matches since the turn of the year having scored twice in an electric display here... 8
NAFI TUITAVAKE
Some touches of class once again and they also made a few determined hits for their team as their good run continues... 7
TOM STEPHENSON
Appeared to be everywhere during the first half, scoring a try and playing a key role in another... 8
GEORGE NORTH
The Wales wing played the full 80 minutes and they were unstoppable at times with Quins putting plenty of men on them as they continued to push them away... 8
PIERS FRANCIS
Kicked well from the tee and looked sharp, but a couple of their kicks from hand were not quite accurate enough... 7
COBUS REINACH
The South African scrum-half is a real livewire and they were at it again here, though there was one rare occasion when they didn't make the right choice... 7
FRANCOIS VAN WYK
A strong display from the prop, who got plenty of pats on the back from their team-mates at scrum time... 7
MIKE HAYWOOD
An all-action display from the hooker who was superb during the first half, with their passing excellent and their energy levels through the roof... 8
KIERAN BROOKES
Really put themselves about and took Quins on in the set piece in what was a good display from the prop... 7
API RATUNIYARAWA
Made a couple of key runs once again, with Harlequins struggling to stop them from influencing the game... 7
CHRISTIAN DAY
The experienced lock was constantly cajolling their team-mates and their wisdom is always important... 7
DAVID RIBBANS
Played a key role in Pisi's first try and overall, this was a performance packed with power and enthusiasm... 7
JAMIE GIBSON - CHRON STAR MAN
What a display from the flanker, who made a couple of charges into Quins territory, bossed the lineout and also stopped the opposition in their tracks to start Saints attacks... 8
TEIMANA HARRISON
Had the previous two weeks off and their freshness was apparent as they turned in another impressive showing... 7
Replacements (who played more than 20 minutes)
MITCH EADIE (for Harrison 50)
Got stuck in when they came into the action, helping Saints to see things out after their sensational start to the game... 6
JAMAL FORD-ROBINSON (for Brookes 56)
Harlequins were just starting to ask questions of Saints when the prop came on and they had to be on their toes... 6
NIC GROOM (for Reinach 56)
Saints' work was already done when the South African replaced their compatriot, but they did a couple of tidy pieces of work... 6
4 million students have benefited by taking over 10 Million Online Mock Tests provided by Testbook to help them crack numerous Government Recruitment Exams with ease.
Navi Mumbai, India, July 3rd, 2018: One of the big names among Competitive Exam aspirants – Testbook.com, is celebrating the faith of over 4 million students. Starting their journey, 4 years ago, Testbook has come a long way, gaining the trust of millions of students and helping them prepare for a bright career. With their affordable monthly and yearly Subscription Plans, aspirants of all backgrounds can easily purchase Online Tests & practice from the comfort of their home.
Apart from its flagship online test series, Testbook.com has started multiple initiatives to solve problems faced by Government and Bank job aspirants from across the nation. A few such initiatives are:
Testbook.com Online Center (TOC): Providing Tier I/II/III city's students a One-Stop Solution for Test Preparation, where they can practice tests in exam-like environment without worrying about lacking access to computers, internet or power backup.
Testbook.com Smart Lab (TSL): Empowering local Institutes/Teachers to set up computer labs at their institutes to provide Online Test Practice to their students along with their learning courses from the beginning of their preparation. This initiative helps students prepare the best from even a Tier IV town.
Testbook.com eCard: It's a prepaid card, primarily designed for Tier II/III students so that they can access the Online test packs in their cities. Students can purchase eCards from Testbook.com Online Center, Testbook.com Smart Labs or local bookstores and can activate the unique code with a single step on Testbook.com on their smartphones.
Now that all the major recruiting bodies conduct their exams online, aspirants feel the need to begin their practice virtually, on computers. Students who prepare for Banking, SSC, Insurance, Railways and other such exams trust Testbook.com and begin their preparations. The Testbook App & their Current Affairs App have total installations of over 9.8 Million. These Apps have so far helped learners solve more than 874 million questions on the go.
Along with Banking, SSC & Railways, Testbook has also provided Online Mock Tests for 70+ exams & aims at launching 120+ Tests in the near future for various other Recruitment Exams.
About Testbook
This start-up is the brain-child of 6 young IITians, who believe in bringing a wave in the Education sector of India. Testbook believes that India's talented youth can be a catalyst to a huge change in the country. Being in the Government workforce by working in the Public Sector, the young, can positively affect the nation. Testbook aims to see a Government Officer in each household & strives to guide each aspirant in the right direction.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Saudi Arabia's young crown prince has an ambitious list of to-dos: modernize their conservative kingdom, weaken Iran's hand across the Mideast and, this week, rehabilitate their country's image in the eyes of Americans.
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, son of King Salman and heir to the throne, is opening a marathon tour of the United States with a stop in Washington, where they plan to meet President Donald Trump on Tuesday. He'll hold separate meetings with a long roster of influential U.S. officials, including the secretaries of defense, treasury and commerce, the CIA chief and congressional leaders from both parties.
The visit comes as the United States and much of the West are still trying to figure out Crown Prince Mohammed, better known by their initials MBS, whose sweeping program of social changes at home and increased Saudi assertiveness abroad has upended decades of traditional rule in Saudi Arabia. The 32-year-old crown prince also has big economic plans, and over three weeks in the U.S. they will meet business people in New York, tech mavens from Google and Apple Inc. in San Francisco, and entertainment bigwigs in Los Angeles. Other stops include Boston and Houston.
"This is not the real Saudi Arabia," MBS said when asked by CBS News about the repressive version of Islam many outsiders associate with the kingdom. They said they were restoring the more tolerant, egalitarian society that existed before Saudi Arabia's ultraconservatives were empowered in 1979. "We were victims, especially my generation that suffered from this a great deal."
Advertisement
It's a message that has earned MBS admirers in the United States, as they allowed women to drive and opened movie theaters shuttered since the 1980s. MBS is turning "Saudi Arabia into a normal country in which normal people lead normal lives," Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir told reporters Monday.
Yet Democrats and Republicans have approached some of the crown prince's other bold steps with trepidation, particularly as they pertain to their anti-Iran efforts. One bill in Congress proposes scaling back U.S. military assistance to a Saudi-led coalition fighting in Yemen.
MBS, in particular, has been closely identified with the three-year-old war in the Arab world's poorest country, which started while they were defense minister. The Saudis and their allies are fighting Iran-backed Houthi rebels, but international organizations have harshly criticized the coalition's airstrikes and blockading of Yemeni ports for contributing to thousands of civilian deaths and a humanitarian catastrophe.
It's not the only regional mess the Saudis are in. In November, U.S. officials voiced unease when Lebanon's prime minister unexpectedly resigned while in Riyadh. Saudi Arabia was accused of attempting to bring down Lebanon's government, which is strongly influenced by Iranian proxy Hezbollah. Prime Minister Saad Hariri later reversed their resignation.
The Saudis are working aggressively to change perceptions. They've cast themselves as essential partners against Islamist extremist groups and, especially since Trump's maiden overseas voyage last year, touted their lavish purchases of high-tech goods from job-creating American companies. In Yemen, the kingdom says it is improving military targeting, opening up ports and pledging $1.5 billion in new aid.
"The concerns expressed there are reflective of deep concerns by the American public at large," said Lori Plotkin Boghardt, a Gulf scholar at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy. "The Saudis are very sensitive to this. They're certainly communicating with elite circles to discuss the measures they're taking to try to get humanitarian assistance in to Yemen."
In MBS, Trump will find a sympathetic ear for their calls to crack down on Iran, Saudi Arabia's archenemy, and strengthen a 2015 nuclear deal with Tehran that former President Barack Obama and world powers brokered. Trump has threatened to pull out of the agreement unless there are changes by May. Last week, Trump fired Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, an advocate of staying in the accord, choosing Mike Pompeo, the current CIA director and nuclear deal critic, as a replacement.
MBS could dangle a huge carrot in front of Trump for their support. Stock exchanges in New York and elsewhere are vying for the international listing of Aramco, the Saudi oil behemoth expected to go public soon. Saudi concerns with New York include a post-9/11 law that could jeopardize assets in the United States if victims' families claim Saudi Arabia helped the al-Qaida attackers and sue for compensation.
Although the U.S. has welcomed MBS's determination to purge pervasive corruption in Saudi Arabia, including by royals, the Trump administration hasn't endorsed their tactics. Last year, more than 150 high-level princes, ministers, military officials and business people were abruptly rounded up and detained at the Ritz-Carlton hotel. They eventually paid settlements that Saudi Arabia says exceeded $106 billion.
Al-Jubeir, the foreign minister, said the tough tactics were needed after past anti-corruption campaigns failed.
"It didn't work," they said. "So now you do something dramatic."
___
Reach Josh Lederman on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshledermanAP
There has been much talk in Government and banking circles about the decision by Minister for Finance Paschal Donohoe to nominate Philip Lane, the governor of the Central Bank of Ireland, for the post of European Central Bank vice-president, due to fall vacant in May. Spanish minister for the economy Luis de Guindos had long been seen as the strong favourite, as Spain plotted a return to the ECB executive board after a six-year absence, though they have yet to be formally nominated.
Spain is claiming support from Germany, France and Italy and said that while Ireland will compete, it does not have the political weight to win. However, the outcome is still hard to call, with the big countries eyeing up the prize of ECB president, as Mario Draghi's term comes to an end in October of next year. There are also four other ECB positions to fight for, opening up the usual “will you vote for our candidate if we vote for yours” discussions.
Interestingly, Spain has still to officially confirm that de Guindos will be its candidate and will not do so unless it is pretty sure of a win. On Friday some members of the European Parliament – who sit on the Economic and Monetary Affairs Committee – expressed reservations to news agency Bloomberg about Guindos, largely on the basis that they were a politician and moving straight into the ECB might undermine its independence. Guindos is a conservative – a member of the European People's Party, which also, ironically, includes Fine Gael – and the initial doubts are coming from parties such as the greens, the socialists and some on the far right.
The committee holds hearings before senior ECB appointments are made. The hearings are non-binding – the committee cannot block an appointment, but it can certainly delay it. The appointment of Luxembourg's Yves Mersch was stalled for months in 2012 over a lack of female contenders for top ECB jobs. Gender will certainly be an issue this time around. Will Spain decide at the eleventh hour to nominate a woman if it feels Guindos will not win? There is gossip in Spain, too, that prime minister Mariano Rajoy would quite like to keep Guindos in their cabinet, but the potential candidate is very keen to run.
With nominations closing next week, this could yet get tasty.
I'm a liberal unionist.
I opposed unionist electoral pacts because I believed they reinforced tribal division. I support equal civil marriage. I was an enthusiastic supporter of the UUP-Conservative pact in 2010, which was bitterly opposed by the DUP.
I identify with moderate, progressive centre-right politics.
And yet, I welcome the DUP-Conservative ‘supply and confidence' arrangement. I believe it is in the interests of Northern Ireland and of the entire United Kingdom.
The arrangement ensures that Northern Ireland politics will have to meaningfully engage with real politics, not just tribal loyalties. When the DUP back – and, crucially, influence – the Conservative government's position on the economy, on public spending, on welfare, this will almost certainly lead to political debate on Northern Ireland around those issues.
This is good for those of us who believe in the normalisation of our politics.
And it is in the interests of the entire UK. It ensures that the largest party in the House of Commons – and the largest by a significant distance – can form a government at a crucial time for our country.
Despite the ridiculous criticism of the Conservative-DUP arrangement by left-wing opinion, it seems obvious that DUP influence will ensure that the Conservatives govern from the pragmatic centre rather than the Right on a range of issues – particularly welfare and public spending. And on Brexit, the DUP's influence will lead to a more pragmatic deal.
Let's also remember that the DUP are now backing a governing party which introduced equal civil marriage in England. It is now in the national interest – and in the interests of unionism – for the DUP to drop its use of the petition of concern mechanism to block equal civil marriage passing Stormont.
To state the obvious, the arrangement with the Conservatives – and all the good flowing from it for Northern Ireland and the wider UK – would be compromised if the DUP provoked mainland opinion by blocking equal civil marriage here.
The obvious thing is for the undemocratic petition of concern mechanism to be abolished – if, after all, it is wrong for it to be used to block equal civil marriage, why should it be used on other issues?
Some of the opposition to the arrangement reeks of hypocrisy. Labour happily regard the anti-abortion SDLP as a sister party. Sinn Fein's eagerness to enter coalition government in Dublin is hardly a secret.
It's also a bit rich for an abstentionist party to criticise another party for its MPs actually doing real work in Westminster. And Labour, we have been told, in 2010 and 2015 made overtures to the DUP in attempts to form a government.
The DUP-Conservative arrangement offers a chance to see significant change in how we do politics in Northern Ireland, drawing us into the real politics of Westminster.
It is an opportunity from which no pro-union party could have walked away.
And it is an opportunity that could bring positive change to politics for all us in Northern Ireland.
For decades, the living conditions of the poor have steadily improved. Consumer items that were luxuries or significant purchases for the middle class a few decades ago have become commonplace in poor households, partially because of the normal downward price trend that follows introduction of a new product.
Liberals use the declining relative prices of many amenities to argue that it is no big deal that poor households have air conditioning, computers, cable TV and wide-screen televisions. They contend that even though most poor families may have a house full of modern conveniences, the average poor family still suffers from substantial deprivation in basic needs, such as food and housing. In reality, this is just not true.
Although the mainstream media broadcast alarming stories about widespread and severe hunger in the nation, most of the poor do not experience hunger or food shortages. The Agriculture Department collects data on these topics in its household food security survey. For 2009, the survey showed:
» 96 percent of poor parents stated that their children were never hungry at any time during the year because they could not afford food.
» 83 percent of poor families reported having enough food to eat.
» 82 percent of poor adults reported never being hungry at any time in the prior year due to lack of money for food.
Other government surveys show that the average consumption of protein, vitamins and minerals is virtually the same for poor and middle-class children and is well above recommended norms in most cases.
The politics of guilt and pity gets politicians elected, but it also creates envy by the poor. They think the rest of society has not done enough to help, and their demands are never-ending.
Would a person in India regard poverty in America as a curse? How about one of 600 million farmers in China? Or anyone in sub-Sahara Africa, or perhaps South Africa, where the average income is somewhere between $1 and $2 a day?
In the name of helping the poor, the welfare state expands into every area of our lives and brings with it the intrusive snooping and demands of the government.
The Heritage Foundation's Morning Bell posting on Sept. 13, 2011, noted the following facts about people who are defined as “poor” by the Census Bureau:
» 80 percent of poor households have air conditioning.
» Nearly three-fourths have a car or truck, and 31 percent have two or more cars or trucks.
» Nearly two-thirds have cable or satellite television.
» Two-thirds have at least one DVD player, and 70 percent have a VCR
» Half have a personal computer, and one in seven have two or more computers.
» More than half of poor families with children have a video game system, such as an Xbox or PlayStation.
» 43 percent have Internet access.
» One-third have a wide-screen plasma or LCD television.
» One-fourth have a digital video recorder system, such as a TiVo.
» “Poor” households also had a washer and dryer, ceiling fans, a cordless phone and a coffee maker.
» “... the typical poor American had more living space than the average European (Note: That's average European, not poor European).
» “The average poor family was able to obtain medical care when needed. When asked, most poor families stated they had had sufficient funds during the past year to meet all essential
needs.”
» “By its own report, the family was not hungry.”
Obviously, some poor families are better off than others, but in general, the poor in America are far better off than most people around the world, especially those in places such as Africa, Haiti, most of India and many countries in the Middle East.
Dating back to the early years of the War on Poverty, launched by President Lyndon Johnson in 1964, the American public has been systematically misled by politicians, bureaucrats and activists into believing that poverty in the United States has grown progressively worse with each generation and that the conditions in which the poor live today are intractable and without hope, that there is always a need for ever greater and more expensive government programs to overcome the disadvantages of those who are “living in poverty.”
Poverty has become an industry in America. And, like all industries, its goal is to grow the business. If and when most of us think about it at all, we probably assume that the goal is to eradicate poverty and eventually go out of business. Not so. Who's going to do that?
It turns out that the number of people counted as living in poverty is more a matter of definition than reality. By systematically adjusting the income levels that are used to determine who is included and omitting various noncash measures of economic circumstances, such as Medicare or Medicaid insurance, the value of homes, ownership of stoves, refrigerators, TVs, autos and other property, the living conditions of America's poor are generally portrayed as being much worse than they really are.
We need to rethink our attitudes about how the poor are viewed in America, particularly when compared with the poor around the rest of the world.
Say what you will about the quality or lack of quality or sufficiency of any of the benefits that America's poor may receive from the government, or the need for improvement. The fact remains that no one living in poverty anywhere else in the world has anything approaching the advantages that America's poor enjoy.
— Harris Sherline is a retired CPA and former chairperson and CEO of Santa Ynez Valley Hospital. Click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are their own.
A county governor in Kenya has been arrested on corruption charges, an official at the Ethics and Anti-Corruption Commission (EACC) told newsmen on Wednesday.
Kenya's top prosecutor, Noordin Haji on Tuesday ordered that Sospeter Ojaamong, the governor of Busia County, face charges including abuse of office and conspiracy to steal public funds, the latest move in the country's anti-graft campaign.
Haji said evidence presented by the national anti-corruption agency was enough to prosecute Ojaamong.
They said the governor and nine other officials allegedly stole millions of Kenyan shillings in public funds.
As with some other scandals involving alleged corruption by government officials, the case is based on evidence of suspicious procurement practices for a public works project that was never completed.
The project in Busia involved a solid waste management system.
Ojaamong and their accomplices are to be charged with conspiracy to commit economic crime, engaging in a project without proper planning, abuse of office, and wilful failure to comply with the law relating to management of funds.
The government led by President Uhuru Kenyatta, who was re-elected in 2017, has said it is undertaking a renewed push to tackle graft.
The charging of dozens of civil servants and business people over the past two months suggested an attempt to fight corruption through prosecution, but the country's track record on that front is poor.
Kenyan media have reported on more than a dozen corruption scandals involving state agencies and officials since Kenyatta took power, but there have been no convictions of high profile figures, according to a Reuters review of the cases.
The world's biggest beauty company has opened an inner-city Auckland training facility to cater for growth across its brands in New Zealand.
The L'Oréal Academy will provide on-the-job upskilling and resources to hair salon and retail counter staff from throughout New Zealand.
The company's Asia Pacific executive vice president, Jochen Zaumseil, said on a flying visit for the opening this week that this country's economic stability made it stand out. Business here was doing well, and beauty was an area where retail and digital could successfully mesh.
The "selfie" generation was driving beauty sales, they said, with the internet fuelling trends in vivid hair colour and cosmetics.
Advertisement
L'Oréal's New Zealand general manager, Martin Smith, said investing in training helped spur business growth, by supporting the company's retail partners in the skills needed to deliver consumers the new experiences they craved. Close to 15,000 New Zealand hairdressers received training from L'Oréal last year (and a million worldwide).
The academy, in a swish fit-out in Federal St, is expected to facilitate a 20 per cent local training boost for hair courses.
Its facilities provide separate space for the company's Luxe division training, encompassing fragrance and premium makeup and skincare. This includes fast growing brands such as Yves Saint Laurent, Lancome and Kiehl's and perfumes from Armani and Viktor & Rolf.
"We want to advance the skills of beauty experts so consumers continue to be inspired by beauty and benefit from an excellent beauty experience in this country," Smith said.
× The L'Oréal Academy is located on Auckland's Federal Street. The L'Oréal Academy is located on Auckland's Federal Street.
Academy facilities will also allow digital assets to be developed locally.
The area will be used for hosting as well, separate from the company's corporate offices in Penrose.
× Inside L'Oréal's new beauty academy. Inside L'Oréal's new beauty academy.
L'Oréal's hair brands from its professional products division, which dominates salon sales, include the namesake range, plus Redken, Matrix, Kerastase and Pureology.
Its market leading mass market makeup lines include Maybelline and L'Oréal Paris. The company has also been on the acquisition path internationally, picking up "cult" brands with appeal to millennials, such as Urban Decay.
A submariner's wife has spoken movingly about “feeling like a single mum” for six months of the year, when they were left to care for four children alone, while their husband worked on a submarine – hundreds of metres below the sea.
Unable to communicate with Leading Hand Mark Adcock, 34, for weeks at a time, Gemma Adcock said their children – who suffer from a variety of learning difficulties – found it difficult to grasp the idea of them being isolated, working in the depths of the ocean.
A full-time mum, Gemma, 34, of Gosport, Hampshire, also told, heartbreakingly, how their daughter, Libby, 13, who has ADHD, autism and epilepsy, blamed themselves for Mark's long absences, saying: “She felt their daddy went away because she's such hard work and that really hurt us both.”
l-r: Ruban, Callum, Hannah and Owen (Collect/PA Real Life)
They continued: “Mark is my soulmate and my best friend and the best dad in the world, so when we were without him, we felt incomplete.
“The children never understood how daddy lived under the sea. It's not a homely place.”
Mark, was six years into their career with the Royal Navy when they and Gemma were married in 2012 in Plymouth Register Office, before having a Champagne cruise.
Mark and Gemma with Ruban (Collect/PA Real Life)
Mum to Owen, 15, and Hannah and Libby, both 13, from a previous relationship – all of whom call Mark ‘ Dad' – Gemma, who also has a son, Ruban, seven, with their husband, recalled how they first met them when they were 17 in a bar in Winchester, Hampshire.
But they lost touch, only to meet again, on a night out when they were 24, when Gemma was celebrating their mum's birthday and they were out with friends – falling in love straight away.
A forces veteran, Mark – who has another son, Callum Smith, 12 who lives with their mum in Norfolk – originally joined the army in 2002, before switching to the navy in 2006.
A former hairdresser, Gemma – whose husband is still a submariner, but has worked on land for the last few years – recalled: “When we first got together we spoke a lot about them being away and the idea of it was hard.
“But right from the start I knew our relationship was right and we would survive whatever happened to us.”
Gemma is speaking out about family life with a submariner, in support of the The Royal Navy and Royal Marines Children's Fund's Kid Years campaign, which aims to highlight the impact long parental absences can have on children.
Deployments are as demanding for the families left behind as for their deployed loved one. We've created Zoe and the… Posted by The Royal Navy and Royal Marines Children's Fund on Monday, May 28, 2018
While working on a submarine, often in excess of 250 metres below sea level, tracking aircraft, monitoring ships and supporting the fleet, any form of contact was infrequent.
And dealing with Libby, Owen, who has epilepsy and autism, Hannah, who is also autistic and Ruban, who is being tested for autism, by themselves made Gemma's life both challenging and lonely.
They said: “During the six months when they were away, we spoke to them around eight times. We got the odd email in between, but communication was very limited. They couldn't have much contact and their rare phone calls could be at 4am and just for a couple of minutes.”
Hannah and Ruban (Collect/PA Real Life)
They added: “If the submarine docked they could sit in a hotel and FaceTime, but it' wasn't always the right time for the kids.
“It was hard to deal with the conditions all the children have by myself, too . With ADHD life becomes manic. The autism makes thinking very black and white as well, so it made it very hard for the kids to understand.
“And with the epilepsy, severe seizures meant there were activities like going swimming which I couldn't do with the children, because with just one adult and it wouldn't be safe.”
Mark and Ruban (Collect/PA Real Life)
Celebrating special dates and family times without Mark, the family often felt like they were grieving, according to Gemma.
“Mark missed so much. Birthdays, Christmases, parents' evenings, without them – it was like a kind of grief for us,” they said.
“But until we started talking about it, because of the campaign, I hadn't realised how upset the children got and how much the separation hit them. I missed them like mad, but all of us felt incomplete without him. We were always waiting for them to come home. The things we did never felt the same. They weren't enjoyable, there was always that special person missing.”
Life in the Royal Navy and Royal Marines can be tough, and even tougher on families. The RNRMCF is the only charity that supports children from naval families, and has been doing so for over a hundred years. Posted by The Royal Navy and Royal Marines Children's Fund on Thursday, April 26, 2018
In a bid to support families like Gemma's, the naval charity commissioned author Sarah McMenemy to create a book called Zoe and the Time Rabbit, to help children understand their emotions while a parent is absent.
Written with military families in mind, it tells the story of a girl's emotions when their dad goes away, and really helped Gemma's children to understand Mark's job.
They continued: “The Royal Navy and Royal Marines Children's Fund have been so supportive of us. And this book is not just a story, it's teaching children how to regulate their emotions.”
Ruban (Collect/PA Real Life)
Gemma continued: “It talks them through the process of getting ready to say goodbye and of dads getting ready and packing. It looks at them wanting to leave with them and at all the feelings in between.
“It is a fantastic book and would be amazing to have in schools, as it allows children to talk through their feelings.”
The book has also enabled Gemma and Mark to understand the impact of their lifestyle on the children.
Gemma confessed: “I hadn't realised how upset the children got and how much the separation hit them.
“When Libby said they thought their daddy had gone away because of her, it broke both mine and Mark's hearts.
“It never entered my mind they would have thought their daddy would have gone away because of her.”
l-r: Callum, Ruban and Owen (Collect/PA Real Life)
In contrast, when they knew Mark was coming home, Gemma says the family felt like “all their Christmases had come at once.”
They said: “When we knew they were coming home it was the best feeling in the world.
“When Mark was here they cleaned, tidied the house, read to the kids and did the school run. They were really hands-on and involved and we all loved it. But, in the first week after they went away, we would go into lock-down mode. We didn't want to go out or do anything, because of how much we missed him.”
HMS Albion in Brunei, Invictus Games and Mental Health Awareness Week – Two Six Episode 20 ⚓🌊 Don't miss the latest news from across the Royal Navy and Royal Marines with this week's 60-second update. 🌊⚓ Posted by Royal Navy on Wednesday, May 23, 2018
Gemma continued: “We got through, because we all loved Mark so much, but being the family of a submariner was lonely.
“Still, at least this campaign has meant that we talk more and can try and understand and address our children's feelings.”
* The Naval Service provides a wide range of support to families of serving personnel, available from organisations including the Naval Families Federation, Naval Personal and Family Service and RM Welfare groups. For further information, visit the Royal Navy website at www.royalnavy.mod.uk
© Press Association 2018
Despite some delay, CPN-UML and Maoist center leaders have agreed on the power sharing formula in the provinces. Out of seven provinces, CPN-UML and Maoist center have majority in six provinces. CPN-UML will lead four and CPN-Maoist will lead two.
The agreement between the two parties in the major portfolio management is a good gesture that their alliance will last for a few years. Similarly, the alliance is also able to divide the share in the National Assembly. Even some senior leaders are sacrificed to accommodate the top shot.
The beginning is good. However, one cannot say that this alliance will provide much needed stability to the country. The management of restless Prachanda is going to be a key challenge for CPN-UML.
Even after the promulgation of new constitution, CPN-UML and Maoist Center joined the coalition with big promises to provide long lasting peace. The coalition collapse in just a matter of year.
Similarly, Nepali Congress and Maoist Center jointly contested local elections with a slogan to go for long time alliance. The situation had changed when the date for national elections was announced.
Given the past experiences, one cannot rule out the possibility of breaking the coalition in case power sharing issue comes up.
“This coalition will complete its full term not only in center but in provinces,” said Pampha Bhushal, spokesperson of Maoist Center. “We are committed to unification of the party. The recent peaceful power sharing is an indication for future.”
CPN-UML's leaders are also jubilant. “Prachanda has shown much needed maturity. We are committed to unification of the party,” said CPN-UML stalwart Bharat Mohan Adhikari. “I don't have any hesitance to accept Prachanda as a leader of CPN-UML.”
Growing up with two different kinds of schooling and many top brass leaders, accommodation of leadership and mingling of two ideologically different parties is not easy. Maoist Center leader Prachanda is stressing for unification of the party because Maoists will gain much.
With long investment and party base, CPN-UML has a reach in all sectors. Maoist Center does not have any such base. Once elected to the top, Maoist leader Prachanda will eat all the cream of CPN-UML.
For the short term, jubilation for unification and unity of party is understandable. But nobody is sure about the future and long term unity of the two major political parties.
Sixth formers across England, Wales and Northern Ireland will this week learn if they have scored the A-level grades they need to secure a coveted university place.
For some the day will bring delight and celebration, but for others it will be fraught with anxiety and uncertainty.
Here is some advice for students who have missed their required grades, those who have done better than expected, and those who are unsure what their next move should be.
:: My grades are lower than I expected, what shall I do?
Best thing to do in this situation is to not panic, and consider your options.
You should try contacting your chosen university first to see if they will still accept you, this may still be a possibility, especially if you have only dropped by one grade for example.
Clearing, the annual process which matches students with courses that has available places, is also an option.
The process has changed in recent years, particularly since the cap on numbers was lifted allowing universities to recruit as many students as they like, and there is expected to be a wide variety of courses available at a range of universities this year - including a number of leading, selective institutions.
The Ucas website is one of the key places to go for information about available courses.
:: I've got higher grades than I expected and I want to change my course/uni, what should I do?
There is a process called "adjustment" which allows students who do better than expected to "trade up" to a different course or university. Again, students can find out about courses through the Ucas website or by contacting individual universities.
A number of top institutions are actively encouraging students who are likely to do better than they first thought to get in touch with them about available courses.
Annie Dobson, a careers adviser with the Government's exam results helpline suggests that this is a good time to take a step back and ask yourself why you are considering changing your choice.
"Try not to be swayed by the idea of going to what is considered a 'better' university," they said. "Take stock and review the whole picture before jumping ship.
"If you're going to make the change ensure you get an offer not only verbally but also in email from the university you want to move to before they ask to be released from your existing offer."
:: What do I do if I have changed my mind about my chosen course or university?
The first thing to think about is why you have changed your mind, Ms Dobson said.
"Again, knowledge is power and so need to ask why? What is making you review the options? And, actually, are there even more options to look at while you are in this state of indecision that might be even more suitable.
"Often people don't really know what they want to do as a job at such a young age and so looking at taking a gap year or a more vocational road through apprenticeships or an HND can also be a great way of taking some time to work it out."
Alex Hayman, Which? Managing Director of Public Markets, said: "Whether you're now looking ahead to taking up your place at university, changing your study choices or working out a whole new plan, there are options open to you.
"Given that a third of university applicants who apply through clearing regret their course choice, it is vital that you make the right decision for you."
Which? University allows students to research courses based on their grades, they said.
:: How quickly do I need to choose a place in clearing, are the best ones going to go on the first day?
It is best not to "panic buy" courses and take your time to think about what you are signing up for, experts suggest.
"Many places become available over the course of the few days after clearing so don't have what is known as fear of missing out or fomo!," Ms Dobson said.
Students should think about what they want out of their course, and their life in general, rather than focusing on what they think they should be doing just because clearing has opened.
:: I've decided I want to take a gap year, is this a good idea and what should I do?
A gap year can be valuable experience for a lot of students, whether they spend time overseas or remain here in the UK.
Businesses are often looking for more than just a degree from graduates nowadays, and a gap year can be a chance to show off a different set of skills to both future employers and universities.
Exam results helpline careers adviser Iwan Williams said: "Alongside the break from education and the chance to travel, a gap year provides the chance to spend time on self-development and build confidence, ideally by participating in a range of activities like volunteering, working etc, and then take that leap the following year."
:: The exams results helpline number is 0808 100 8000
HAMILTON, Bermuda (AP) — The Latest on the American student reported missing in Bermuda (all times local):
5:50 p.m.
Police officials in Bermuda are confirming that they have found the body of missing U.S. student Mark Dombroski.
Acting Assistant Commissioner James Howard of the Bermuda Police Services declined to provide certain details, include how authorities believe they may have died during a visit to the British Island territory.
Advertisement
The discovery of their body was announced at a news conference in the British island territory after a day of searching that involved members of the 19-year-old's family, volunteers and local authorities.
___
5:30 p.m.
A police spokesperson in Bermuda says authorities have found a body amid a search for a U.S. student who disappeared after a rugby tournament on the British island territory.
Spokesman Dwayne Caines did not disclose any details about the discovery and did not confirm that the body was that of 19-year-old Mark Dombroski.
The Bermuda Police Service said a news conference would be held later Monday.
Authorities and members of Dombroski's family had been searching Bermuda for the young man in a wooded area known as The Arboretum. It was near a sports center where Dombroski was competing as a member of the rugby team at Saint Joseph's University in Philadelphia.
They were last seen early Sunday after a night of socializing.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gareth Bale and Cristiano Ronaldo are reportedly at loggerheads.
The pair is said to have fallen out after the Portuguese hinted they could leave for Manchester United.
Bale is said to be furious with their Real Madrid teammate.
It comes after Ronaldo dropped hints over their uncertain future at the Bernabeu following their side's 3-1 victory over Liverpool in the UEFA Champions League final on Saturday in Kyiv.
Bale said: "Obviously I need to play and that hasn't happened this season for one reason or another.
"I was injured for five or six games and I've been fit ever since.
“I'll have to sit down in the summer, discuss it with my agent and take it from there."
Multi-time Ballon D'Or winner Ronaldo said: “In the next few days I will give an answer to the fans that have always been on my side.
"It was very nice to be at Real Madrid, in the coming days I will talk about it more."
Diario Gol reports the Portuguese superstar has angered Bale for playing transfer games.
As rumours over the future of Real Madrid forward Gareth Bale continue to intensify, the Independent suggests Tottenham could launch a bid to bring them back to the club this summer.
The paper says sources close to Bale believe they would be open to a return to Spurs, and could even be willing to make a financial compromise if a deal could be arranged.
US factory output increased for the fourth time in five months amid gains in machinery and chemicals, extending a gradual recovery in manufacturing.
Production at factories, which make up about 80 per cent of all output, increased 0.2 per cent in January from the previous month, a Federal Reserve report showed Wednesday.
That matched the median forecast in a Bloomberg survey. Total industrial output, which includes mining and utilities, fell 0.3 percent as warm weather reduced demand for heating.
Healthy consumer spending and a recovery in the oil sector have supported recent gains in manufacturing, with a key gauge of industry rising last month to the highest since November 2014.
Overseas demand
At the same time, modest overseas demand, a strong US dollar and soft investment in equipment from domestic firms have made for slow progress.
Estimates in the Bloomberg survey for manufacturing output, which accounts for about 12 per cent of the economy, ranged from a decline of 0.1 per cent to an increase of 0.6 per cent. The previous month's reading of a 0.2 per cent gain was unrevised.
For total industrial production, the Bloomberg survey showed estimates ranging from a 0.6 per cent drop to a rise of 0.4 per cent, with a median projection for no change.
Capacity utilisation, which measures the amount of a plant that is in use, declined to 75.3 per cent in January from a revised 75.6 per cent the previous month.
Utility Output
Utility output dropped 5.7 per cent after December's 5.1 per cent gain. Last month was the 18th-warmest January in the last 123 years, according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
Mining production, including oil drilling, expanded 2.8 per cent in January after a 1.4 per cent drop.
ADVERTISEMENT
Drilling of oil and gas wells jumped 8.5 per cent.
US rig counts increased to 741 in the week ended February 10th, the highest in more than a year, helped by increasing energy prices, Baker Hughes data shows.
Consumer durable-goods output fell 0.9 per cent last month on a 2.8 per cent drop in automotive production.
Business equipment production ticked up 0.1 per cent following a 0.8 per cent increase.
- Bloomberg
New research suggests that seven in 10 workers are guilty of using the most cringe-worthy phrases at the office — with "give 110 per cent" the leading offender.
The study, which was conducted by OnePoll in conjunction with a company called Jive Communications, looked at the communication behaviours of 2000 American workers and compiled a list of the 40 most cringe-worthy office phrases.
"We've all been guilty of using these phrases, whether out of habit or not," senior vice president of Jive Communications John Pope told Fox News.
"While many of these phrases are helpful in conveying a message, I think this study will open a lot of people's eyes.
Advertisement
"It will help many of us to think twice about overusing phrases in the office, as well as the best way to communicate with or motivate those we work with."
The Top 40 most cringe-worthy phrases:
1. Give 110 per cent
2. Think outside the box
3. Hammer it out
4. Heavy lifting
5. Throw them under the bus
6. Don't count your chickens before they've hatched
7. Pushing the envelope
8. Let the cat out of the bag
9. Let's circle back
10. Win-win situation
11. Blue-sky thinking
12. Boil the ocean
13. Synergy
14. Low-hanging fruit
15. Take it to the next level
16. Barking up the wrong tree
17. Going forward
18. Let's ballpark this
19. Run this up the flagpole
20. Back to square one
21. There's no I in team
22. Back to the drawing board
23. Paradigm shift
24. Elephant in the room
25. Raise the bar
26. Drill down
27. Best thing since sliced bread
28. Deep dive
29. Skin in the game
30. Reach out
31. Touch base
32. Play hardball
33. Don't reinvent the wheel
34. Kept in the loop
35. The bottom line
36. Down the road
37. I'll loop you in
38. Hit the nail on the head
39. ASAP
40. Team player
DUBAI (Sputnik) — The United Arab Emirates' Minister of State for Foreign Affairs Anwar Gargash said Monday that Qatar accusing UAE of plotting a smear campaign against Doha demonstrates Qatar's “arrogance”.
On Saturday, Mutlaq al-Qahtani, Qatari Ambassador and Special Envoy of the Minister of Foreign Affairs on Counter-terrorism and Mediation for Settling Conflicts, said in an article for The Wall Street Journal that according to leaked emails, UAE officials were conspiring with various lobby groups about the beginning of the campaign to slander Qatar long before the introduction of the blockade against the state.
“It is the country's [Qatar] arrogant position – to accuse the United Arab Emirates' of leading the campaign against it and of opening fronts, including with Saudi Arabia, and at the same time to think that undermining the security of Bahrain and Egypt is a natural right. This is the logic of illogical,” Gargash said on Twitter.
Additionally, according to Gargash, Doha's counting on outside intervention to resolve the conflict with neighboring countries is incorrect behavior and only leads to prolonging the crisis.
In June, Bahrain, Egypt, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates cut diplomatic ties with Qatar, accusing Doha of supporting terrorist organizations and destabilizing the situation in the Middle East. The Qatari Foreign Ministry rejected the accusations of Doha's interference in other countries' domestic affairs.
Kuwait, acting as a mediator in the crisis, handed over the four Arab states' ultimatum containing several demands to Doha. However, Qatar refused to comply with the demands.
© Sputnik/ Alexander Yuryev
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – Middle East
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Lady Gaga has cancelled the last 10 dates of the European leg of their world tour tour because of “severe pain."
Two shows at London's O2 Arena and a concert at Manchester Arena are among those axed by the pop star who suffers from fibromyalgia, a long-term condition which can cause pain all over the body.
The US star revealed they decided to axe the remaining dates on Friday night with support from their medical team.
Lady Gaga performed at the Arena Birmingham on Wednesday and the Genting Arena on Thursday to rave reviews.
They were due to perform at at their first London gig tomorrow. Gigs have also been scrapped in Switzerland, Germany, Sweden, Denmark and France.
On Twitter, they said: “I'm so devastated I don't how to describe it. All I know is that if I don't do this, I am not standing by the words or meaning of my music.
“My medical team is supporting the decision for me to recover at home. We're cancelling the last 10 shows of my Joanne World Tour.
“I love this show more than anything, and I love you, but this beyond my control. London, Manchester, Zurich, Koln, Stockholm, Copenhagen, Paris, Berlin. And Rio.
(Image: Getty Images North America)
“I promise I will be back in your city, but for now, I need to put myself and my well-being first. I love you forever, XX Gaga.”
Another statement released on Twitter read: “Unfortunately, Lady Gaga is suffering from severe pain that has materially impacted their ability to perform live.
“As a result, Live Nation and Lady Gaga are announcing the cancellation of the final 10 dates of the European leg of their Joanne World Tour.
“Last night, with strong support from their medical team, Lady Gaga made the tough decision to immediately come off the road.
“She is extremely sorry and deeply saddened that they cannot perform for their European fans, who have waited so patiently.”
The European leg of the tour - named after their fifth album Joanne which was influenced by the death of their aunt Joanne Stefani Germanotta - was rescheduled for 2018.
They had been due to perform for two nights in Birmingham last October but postponed all their dates after being taken to hospital with severe pain in September.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
An official statement released at the time said: "Lady Gaga is suffering from severe physical pain that has impacted their ability to perform.
"Lady Gaga is devastated that they have to wait to perform for their European fans. They want to give them fans the best version of the show they built for them when the tour resumes.
"Lady Gaga sends their love to all their fans across Europe and thanks them for their support and understanding."
PYEONGCHANG, South Korea (AP) — The International Olympic Committee says it will review the cases of 15 Russian athletes ahead of the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics in the light of a ruling by the Court of Arbitration for Sport.
IOC spokesperson Mark Adams said Saturday: "Those 15 names will be given to the invitation review panel."
Adams said "our decision will come before the games start (on Friday)" and that "we reserve our right to review and appeal the CAS decision."
The CAS ruling on Thursday overturned the doping bans on 28 Russian athletes, citing insufficient evidence. Russia said it wants to send 15 of the 28 to Pyeongchang, including gold medal-winning skeleton slider Alexander Tretiakov and cross-country ski gold medalist Alexander Legkov.
Advertisement
The IOC invitation review panel is chaired by former French sports minister Valerie Fourneyron.
Your browser does not support iframes.
Idris Elba and Kate Winslet's new film The Mountain Between Us tells the story of a couple that falls in love against all the odds. When the lead characters Ben and Alex survive a plane crash, they find themselves completely alone and need to depend on each other to survive.
The film's dramatic premise got us thinking about some of our favorite couples in Hollywood whose love has survived some of life's biggest hurdles. #TeamBeautiful's own Shamika Sanders and Allison McGevna got together to count them down.
See our picks in the video above and be sure to check out The Mountain Between Us when it hits theaters nationwide on Friday, October 6.
DON'T MISS:
Loni Love Was All Of Us When They Finally Met Idris Elba
Blue Ivy Is Dripping Swagoo In A Grey Sweatsuit
I Love My Sister, But…: Erica Campbell Does Not Support Donald Trump
Footballing occasions of this magnitude don't need any puffery at all, they can provide their very own exhilaration, so it was good to hear our BT Sport commentator Darren Fletcher remaining calm as the teams appeared in the tunnel.
Until they began taking steps towards the pitch, that is, at which point they couldn't resist emoting in a grip-losing kind of way.
“The players are getting a taste of what it must have been like WHEN THE GLADIATORS STRODE OUT AT THE COLOSSEUM ALL THOSE YEARS AGO IN ROME!”
Many would argue that these two things are not the same at all, that being skewered by a great historical warrior like, say, Russell Crowe is not akin to, say, playing a sloppy back-pass and putting your goalie under pressure in the first leg of a Champions League semi-final.
Then again, by the 45th minute the Roma players might have felt that Anfield made the Colosseum seem like Funderland, twice Bobby Firmino whispering ‘at my signal', twice Mo Salah unleashing hell.
The first was delicious, the second similarly gem-like, this time Juan Jesus their victim. “Mohamed had too much for Jesus,” as Gary Lineker put it, which, presumably, resulted in their Twitter feed imploding. Although up there with the highlights of the night was when Brian Kerr, over on TV3, referred to the lad as “Jaysus”, which is pretty much what Roma's Dublin-based fans must have uttered every time Mo took them on.
And by the 61st minute Salah had signalled to Sadio Mane and Bobby that they should do some hell-unleashing themselves, and they said, ‘alright then'. 4-0.
All you want in life, really, is something impressive to tell the grandchildren, and now we have it: we saw Mo Salah in their prime. Unless he's going to get better, which is a mind-mangling thought. If their effortless brilliance wasn't enough, they also have a big smiley head on him, Anfield doesn't even need floodlights when they beam. (Or when Bobby flashes their teeth). To think, until this season, Mido was the Egyptian king.
And seven minutes later Liverpool were having a laugh. 5-0.
As Steve McManaman asked, not unreasonably, “how on earth did Roma beat Barcelona?” “It's like a stroll in the park! It's the Champions League semi-finals!”
Roma's Alisson Becker can't prevent Mohamed Salah from opening the scoring at Anfield. Photograph: Carl Recine/Reuters
It was, then, proving to be a tough night for those who do not share the Liverpool faith, TV3 adding to the pain by insisting on showing incessant replays of high points in the club's history.
“I don't mean to sound big headed,” said Graeme Souness with a straight face, before giving us a forensic analysis of their penalty in the shoot-out against Roma in the 1984 European Cup final.
Most of us remember it for Bruce Grobbelaar's wobbly legs. Not Graeme.
“Anyone who's played football will tell you it's the hardest possible technique because you're putting the least amount of leather on the ball,” they said of the manner in which their foot made contact with the spherical object as they converted their shoot-out effort.
Neil Lennon congratulated them on their “ping”, as they called it, and you sensed Graeme wanted to discuss their ping all night, but by then Tommy Martin had sent Brian over to the Big Screen to do some analysis on April 24th, 2018 footballing matters rather than May 30th, 1984 pings, so Graeme was cut off in their prime.
All you could pray for at this stage was that Istanbul wouldn't be mentioned.
Back to BT Sport. Istanbul-a-rama for a spell. And Steven Gerrard was on the panel, alongside a yawning Frank Lampard and Rio Ferdinand, so it was a trial.
Then Gary made us listen to a lengthy version of ‘You'll Never Walk Alone' that was lifting the roof off the Colosseum, and a bit like Roma in the end, it felt like the night would never cease.
But hold your horses.
5-0 up and Mo is taken off, presumably with Saturday's critical game away to Leicester in mind. And so relieved were Roma to see the back of him, they only went and scored two goals.
“Well, well, well,” said Steve.
‘Well, well, well,' said we.
But by the time Mo has finished gladiatoring in Rome, you'd half guess he'll be packing their sword for Kiev.
A Corby school's winning idea has formed the basis of a film to highlight the dangers of trespassing on an electrified railway.
Network Rail has commissioned a short film ‘18' to show the devastating and far-reaching consequences this can have based on an idea by pupils from Kingswood Secondary Academy.
The film script was developed through safety workshops at three schools in Northamptonshire and implores teenagers to stay safe and keep off the tracks.
More than 250 pupils aged between 11 and 16 took part in the workshops which saw them devise scenarios on the tragic repercussions playing on the railway can have, particularly the added danger brought by overhead line equipment which carries 25,000 volts.
The scripts were then reviewed by youth-led production company Fully Focused and Kingswood Secondary Academy was chosen as the winning script and formed the basis of the film.
This approach was chosen by Network Rail to specifically target the hard to reach teen audience, who are most likely to trespass on the railway.
The film is just the latest aspect of a huge safety campaign as part of the Midland Main Line Upgrade, which sees the railway electrified from London to Kettering and Corby via Bedford and is the biggest investment in the line since the Victorian era.
In addition to the film workshops, Network Rail has carried out workshops with primary school aged pupils and created radio and newspaper adverts.
Network Rail will also be carrying out a schools roadshow in 2019 and 2020.
Rob McIntosh, route managing director at Network Rail, said: “Safety is our top priority and whilst this huge investment will bring vast benefits to passengers in the region, we need to highlight how dangerous overhead line equipment is.
“Electrified lines are always on with 25,000 volts running through them constantly. Anyone coming in to contact with the wires will suffer horrific injury and, likely, death so it is absolutely vital that people keep off the railway at all times.
“We've developed this film with teenagers to really get the message home that mucking about on the railway is incredibly dangerous and not worth the risk.”
The film is available to view on YouTube at https://youtu.be/udaS3NDCkk0 and will also be shown to pupils when Network Rail carries out school roadshows in 2019 and 2020.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gamal Yafai will enter the ring on March 3 knowing a win would catapult them to within touching distance of a world title fight.
They will go head to head with former WBC world title contender Gavin McDonnell where one of the two Brits can expect to challenge for world honours in the near future.
For Gamal it is a big step up in opponent compared to what they have previously come up against, however they firmly believe they will come out on top against McDonnell and end the year in search of a world title showdown with one of the holders.
Gamal said: "First things first I have an opponent on February 3 just as a little warm up for the big one in the March.
“Once that's out the way I can concentrate on McDonnell, I feel now I'm good enough to make that step up and if you're good enough why not.
“Time's ticking, I'm getting older and obviously I want to get to the top when I'm at my peak and I think I'm getting there now."
At the press conference in Sheffield to officially announce the fight both fighters were respectful of each other.
However Gamal just carried that extra bit of determination in their voice and seemed convinced they would be coming away victorious.
“I've got respect for them as I do for any of my past opponents, always have done but when I get in there I'm on it,” Gamal added.
“I sparred them 2/3 years ago and I was still a novice as a pro but it was quality sparring, so I'm a much better fighter now and it will be a lot better next time out.
“If I'm beating them candidly which I will then I should be up there for a world title then.
“Whoever wins the fight, which obviously is going to be me, I believe is next in line to fight maybe one of the top 3 in the world.
“I think theirs in the top 5 with WBC and I'm number 7 with the WBA so when I beat them I should be going up to around number 3 with the WBA, so hopefully Eddie can pull some strings and get me a title shot.
“But I'm not looking past February 3 then when I get that done I can look to the 3 March.”
It certainly promises to be a terrific domestic dust up which has many calling it a 50/50 fight and could steal the limelight from Kell Brook's return in their hometown of Sheffield.
It's difficult to anticipate how the fight could end but Gamal is confident they will be coming out victorious regardless of the method.
They said: "It's a hard one, I always try to think in my head what I think it's going to be like but I think he's going to want to get me in to the late rounds and put pressure on me late on but that's what I want to do as well.
“He's a very fit lad he's there for the 12 rounds and could probably do 15 rounds but I just think I'm a lot fitter now than what I was years ago I think I've got it all and I've got to put it in to the ring on March 3 .
“I don't think theirs been in there with someone who can hit as hard as me or can switch up their styles and the gears on them as well, I bring something different to the table which I don't think he's seen before.
“I can just see a Yafai win but wouldn't be surprised to see me knock them out.”
Sushant Singh Rajput and Jacqueline Fernandez will be sharing screen space for the first time in Tarun Mansukhani's upcoming film Drive, which will be produced by Karan Johar's Dharma Productions.
Recently while talking to DNA, Sushant opened up about their co-star Jacqueline's role. They were quoted as saying, "I'm playing exactly what Jacqueline is playing. When the film releases, you'll get to know why I'm saying this. Whatever they say she's playing, it has got to do with what I play in the film. Wait for it. The film is all about 'what's gonna happen next'."
They further added, "It's really fast-paced. But even if you don't find it that fast throughout, the thrill element of what's going to happen right after, will keep you hooked. I always wanted to do this kind of stylish and slick action film. There are too many chase sequences, which are all required and not there for the heck of it," added Sushant.When quizzed if the movie is a remake of the 2011 Hollywood film, Drive, Sushant clarified, "Absolutely not. It's not a remake at all. Trust me, if it was a remake of the Hollywood movie, they wouldn't want me because then, they would have rather cast a better-looking actor. There would be Ryan Gosling, not me!"Meanwhile, there are reports that the 'Raabta' actor will soon shed their inhibitions and strip down to show some skin in this flick. To this, they say, "I don't have inhibitions; because I need to convince you that I'm the part. And if I have to do something to make sure you are convinced, I would do it. I'm getting paid for it!"He quips, "Why wouldn't it be comfortable? Why should I be thinking about this? If I have to cry in a scene, I'm actually crying. Now, that's not a comfortable thing to do. Because I, normally, am emotionally detached. So, I don't cry. But when I cry in a film, I have to come up with something exactly similar to feel what I have to at that point. I feel that and cry. That's exactly what I do. Actors are not supposed to feel comfortable most of the time, if their character isn't comfortable."But what if it gets censored in the film? To this they replied, "I don't even think about it. Do I think of whether people would come to watch that? Or my film? No, I'm not obsessed with that. If they watch it, I'll feel good. But that happens on that Friday and that's about it."
Are you folks excited to watch Sushant in a never seen before avatar?
Virginia Key Beach is seen in this file photo.
MIAMI - State health officials have lifted a swimming advisory for two Miami-area beaches. The warnings were put in place earlier this week after tests found high levels of fecal matter in the water.
The swimming advisory affected the dog beach on the south side of Virginia Key Beach and Crandon North Beach in Key Biscayne.
The all-clear was given after a satisfactory microbial water quality test result, officials said.
The beaches had exceeded federal and state recommended levels for enterococci, a bacterium found in the intestinal tracts of humans and animals, the Florida Department of Health said.
According to the Department of Health, the prevalence of the bacteria is an indicator of fecal pollution, which may come from storm water runoff, wildlife, pets and human sewage.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Every year we have to find out when Easter takes place because it's on different dates in the calendar.
Christmas, however, is on a fixed date of December 25.
And yet both are Christian events merged with pagan holidays of earlier times, so why is one fixed and the other a 'moveable feast'?
Most historians and scholars agree that Jesus was not born on December 25.
But that date was chosen for Christmas because it corresponded to pagan events that took place at the same time.
These included the Day of The Birth of the Unconquered Sun. This was a festival of the sun god Mithras that saw the winter solstice as the rebirth of the sun as it began to win the battle over darkness.
Saturnalia, a Roman festival in honour of the god Saturn that involved feasts, giving gifts and a carnival atmosphere, also took place around the same time.
By putting a Christian festival on the same date as a pagan festival, the Church made it easy for people to convert to Christianity and give up their old beliefs.
That explain why Christmas was placed on December 25.
So why does the date of Easter change?
Although known today mostly as a time for eating chocolate eggs, Easter is a Christian celebration of the Resurrection of Jesus, as described in the Bible.
The Gospels - accounts of the life, death and Resurrection of Jesus that are included in the Bible - place the date of the Crucifixion as Friday, April 3, although mention of an eclipse occurring on that day has created further debate.
The year of the Crucifixion has been worked out to be 33 AD by comparing with references to high priest Caiaphas, governor Pontius Pilate and emperor Tiberius Caesar, who all lived around the same time as Jesus.
So, if we know Jesus died on April 3, why is the date of Easter different every year?
It's because the last week in the life of Jesus - a period known as the Passion - includes a series of connected events that must fall in the right place on the calendar.
These include the Last Supper (on what's now known as Maundy Thursday) and the Crucifixion (on what we call Good Friday). That was followed two days later by the Resurrection, when Jesus rose from the dead (on Easter Sunday).
The Last Supper was at or around the time of Passover, the Jewish holiday celebrating the Israelites being freed from slavery in Egypt. Passover begins at the full moon.
If Easter was on a fixed date, then Good Friday might not fall on a Friday and the other related dates would be in the wrong place too. So there needs to be a system to work out where it should be every year.
Various early calendars used in different areas meant that originally there was no consensus on the date of Easter.
But then a group of bishops gathered at the First Council of Nicea in 325 AD to lay down rules on how it should be worked out.
They decided that Easter (meaning Easter Day or Easter Sunday) must always be a Sunday. It had to be the first Sunday following the full moon at Passover, the time of the Last Supper.
But because the full moon can fall on different days in different time zones, it was decreed that the date would always be taken as the 14th day of the lunar month, and it must always be the next full moon AFTER the Spring Equinox.
This is now called the Paschal Full Moon, and it can vary by two days from the actual full moon.
Once that date is known, then the Easter holidays can be given their place on the calendar.
Still confused? Then watch the video above.
It's worth adding that Passover itself is based on the Jewish calendar, which is different to the Gregorian calendar used by the Christian Church to work out Easter.
Every two or three years, a 13th month is included in the Jewish calendar and this can lead to Passover actually taking place after Easter, as happened in 2008.
This photo does show the work troopers and local officers do to serve the public. But also in that photo is a man struggling with the decision to take their own life. Please remember help is available through the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255. pic.twitter.com/RBAlCIXT1o — MSP Metro Detroit (@mspmetrodet) April 24, 2018
Life is full of really depressing news stories, so here's one to make you feel better. According to Fox 2 , a man was attempting to commit suicide by jumping off an overpass on I-696 between Huntington Woods and Oak Park in Michigan, a bit north of Detroit. The news source says a call came in at 1 a.m. reporting the man on the bridge.Police reported to the scene, and according to The Detroit News , Michigan State Police closed down the highway in each direction. Once that was done, they started getting volunteer truckers to pull their trucks underneath in each lane and on the shoulders so that if the man did jump, it was less likely the fall would be fatal. The results are visible in the photo above from the Michigan State Police Twitter account.In the end, Fox 2 reports that police managed to talk the man away from the edge, and they were taken to a hospital. The road reopened around 4 a.m.
Dallas Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott (21) and Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott (4) high-five during the second quarter of their game against the Detroit Lions on Monday, December 26, 2016 at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas. (Ashley Landis/The Dallas Morning News)
Cowboys rookie duo Ezekiel Elliott and Dak Prescott dominated the NFL's jersey sales list last year. Elliott topped the list while Prescott came in second as Cowboys fans had to have the new No. 21 and No. 4 jerseys.
But the two no longer sit atop the charts.
The NFL released its new list of top-selling jerseys this week and Prescott came in at No. 3, quickly followed by Elliott at No. 4. New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady, fresh off their fifth Super Bowl win, is selling the second-most jerseys in the NFL.
But the heartbreak likely didn't last long for Dak. On Wednesday it was announced they will have a new paycheck coming in as the newest brand ambassador for New Era Cap.
A Real IRA leader has been jailed for eleven and a half years for their role in a bomb plot during the...
JAKARTA, Indonesia (AP) — A spokesperson for the family of an indigenous Papuan teenager who died after 24 hours in Indonesian police custody said that the 17-year-old had multiple bruises and injuries on their body and that it doesn't accept the police explanation they were killed by alcohol poisoning.
The teenager, Rico Ayomi, died March 13 just hours after police returned them to their family after holding them in custody for alleged theft. According to police, they had rescued them from an angry mob of villagers in the coast West Papua city of Sorong.
One of the photos released by police showed the dead teenager with a plastic bottle of 70 percent alcohol placed beside him.
The actual cause of death remains unclear. An autopsy has been conducted by police doctors from another province but results have not yet been released.
Advertisement
The leader of the Sorong Youth and Student Association, Simon Soren, who is representing Ayomi's family, said family members were shocked when four police officers bought Ayomi to their family home about midnight unable to stand or speak.
There were bruises on their neck and chest, injuries on their face and arms, and they were bleeding from the mouth, said Soren. Ayomi died about 5 a.m. on March 13, they said.
A close-up photo of Ayomi after their death provided by Soren shows abrasion-like injuries on their face and an arm.
Violent and frequently unexplained killings of indigenous Papuans are common in Indonesia's easternmost provinces of Papua and West Papua, a region annexed by Indonesia in 1962 and where an insurgency against Indonesian rule simmers.
The region's mineral resources have been exploited for decades by the U.S. mining company Freeport, and provided significant tax income for the Indonesian government. But indigenous Papuans have benefited little and are poorer, sicker and more likely to die young than people elsewhere in Indonesia.
"We will bring this case to justice so that no more indigenous Papuans are treated arbitrarily and unfairly," said Soren.
West Papua police spokesperson Hary Supriyono said Ayomi was unconscious for nearly all the time they were held in jail and also vomited. Police took the teenager to a hospital, were they were told they were drunk and then delivered them to their family, Supriyono said.
Supriyono did not respond to additional questions about the police account of events, including why police waited 24 hours before taking Ayomi to a hospital.
"The victim's family who are Serui tribe did not entirely accept that Rico Ayomi died of alcohol," Supriyono said in a text message. "Some of them believed that they died from being beaten by villagers from Seram. There has been a long dispute between Serui tribes and villagers of Seram descent."
02/02/18 – 5:12 P.M.
The Community Gardens of Hancock County program on North Blanchard Street in Findlay is taking applications for 2018. All who apply will also get free membership to the men's and Women's Garden Club of Findlay. Anyone can apply but preference is given to low- to moderate-income families.
There is a $20 fee to take part but a $10 refund is given to plots that are maintained and clean at the end of the season. The fee is waived for people on financial assistance. Applications can be filled out until February 28 and can be found at liveunitedhancockcounty.org/community gardens.
NEW YORK (AP) — A pathway flanked by six stones meant to symbolize strength and determination will be added to the Sept. 11 memorial site in lower Manhattan to honor the rescue and recovery workers who toiled for months at ground zero, officials announced Wednesday in unveiling the design concept.
The new dedicated area will also serve as a way to honor those who became sick or died from exposure to the toxins in the environment after the twin towers fell.
"Hundreds of thousands of people are estimated to have been exposed to toxins at the World Trade Center site, both on the day of 9/11 and during the months of recovery operations that followed," Alice Greenwald, president and CEO of the National Sept. 11 Memorial & Museum, said in a statement.
They added, "By integrating this meaningful public space at the memorial, we seek to recognize all those for whom 9/11 has remained an all-too-present reality."
Advertisement
The announcement was on the day of the memorial and museum's annual commemoration of the rescue and recovery effort, which officially ended on May 30, 2002.
The idea for the space had been announced last year, with officials joined by former "The Daily Show" host Jon Stewart, a board member of the museum who has been an outspoken advocate for the Zadroga Act, which provides health benefits to first responders who fell ill after the attacks.
They said in their statement: "These men and women sacrificed themselves for the rest of us and have spent years suffering and dying because of it. We have long owed it to them to honor their contributions. It's also important for us to recognize the folks who have died or are suffering who were exposed to World Trade Center toxins while working in lower Manhattan or called the community their home."
The new space was designed by Michael Arad and Peter Walker, the men who came up with the concept for the reflecting pools and surrounding trees that make up the Sept. 11 memorial and plaza.
The pathway on the southwest corner of the plaza will loosely be in the area of the ramp that was used to remove material from the site during the grueling nine-month effort to clear it. It will end near the Survivor Tree, a Callery pear tree that was severely damaged in the attack but nursed back to health and replanted at the site.
The six stones will be placed alongside the pathway, pointing upward. In their design statement, Arad said, "these stones are rough and worn, and their angle suggests a forceful resistance, an answer to the violence that brought them forth."
The plan for the area also includes incorporating a text inscription to go along with the stones that will include steel from the original World Trade Center that visitors will be able to touch.
A Former Marist Brother and Auckland Catholic Diocese employee is facing three historical sex charges against young girls.
Michael Beaumont, 71, appeared in Auckland District Court today facing charges of indecently assaulting two 12-year-old girls and one 9-year-old girl in 1977.
Beaumont entered no plea.
 They are listed as administration support for tertiary education provider The Catholic Institute of New Zealand on their website.
Advertisement
"Michael was a teacher for many years and is now working part time for TCI in a support role and part time for the Auckland Diocese in a similar role for the RE [religious education] Team.
"He has also, since its inception, been involved as a member of the team fielding calls to the Family Violence Information Line, part of the "It's not OK" campaign helping to increase awareness around family violence and abuse," Beaumont's employee description said.
Beaumont formerly worked part-time for the Auckland Catholic Diocese.
They will next appear in court on June 21.
WEST ALLIS - WEST ALLIS - Police are looking for suspects who allegedly recorded a woman in a restroom.
West Allis Police Department received a complaint of a woman who was possibly recorded in a business's restroom without consent.
The incident took place on January 27 between 4 and 5 p.m. around 84th Street and Greenfield Avenue.
The police department posted pictures of the subjects on Facebook.
The suspects are described as two black females who are between the ages of 18 and 20. One suspect was wearing a burgundy shirt and jeans. The other suspect was wearing a long hooded jacket and jeans.
Another 18 to 20-year-old black female was with the two main subjects. They were wearing a dark coat, purple shirt, and jeans.
Anyone who can help identify the pictured suspects is asked to contact Detective Wink of the West Allis Police Department at 414-302-8092 or anonymously call Crime Stoppers at 414-476-CASH.
Can I ask a question about the RHI (renewable heat incentive)?
As I understand it, in return for investing £400 million the Northern Ireland taxpayer will receive another extra £700 million-odd from Westminster.
Why is this a bad deal for NI taxpayers?
It is surely common practice for InvestNI, for example, to provide some seed funding to attract investors into Northern Ireland and so how does this RHI differ?
I can understand why taxpayers in Britain might get exercised over handing almost a billion in extra funding to NI but why would we be concerned about that?
Let me put this into some perspective.
I worked for most of my life as a heating technician/engineer and for most of this time we in NI have had some of the most expensive energy costs in Europe.
But now this RHI scheme will provide many of our poultry farmers and other industrial sectors with some of the cheapest energy costs in Europe.
In return some 400 jobs in the sustainable energy sector will be protected for the next 20 years and in other key industrial sectors in NI.
Aren't we just shooting ourselves in the foot by stopping this scheme?
And so the real question appears to be; why did we stop this scheme when it offered the prospects of drawing down substantial additional support from Westminster in return for a relatively small outlay from NI taxpayers?
Bernard J. Mulholland, Malone Road, Belfast BT9
Market Scenario
Bronze is an alloy primarily consisting of copper and around 12% tin. It is reddish brown in color and its history dated back to 3500 BC. Bronze is widely used since its discovery for making various artifacts & sculpture, armor & weapons, tools, coins & medals, bronze mirrors, traditional building material such as bronze tiles, musical instruments such as bells and singing bowls, ornaments, utensils, and bronze plate among other. The global bronze market is expected to be majorly driven by a wide range of applications in various industry such as architecture, marine, automotive, electrical & electronics, and other industries.
Market Segmentation
The Global Bronze Market is segmented by Type, Process, End-Use Industry and Region.
On the Basis of the Type, the Global Bronze Market is segmented into standard bronze, aluminum bronze, phosphor bronze, silicon bronze, manganese bronze, leaded bronze, and others. Aluminum bronze accounted for the largest market share under the type category owing to its wide applications in the marine and architecture industries.
On the Basis of the Process, the Global Bronze Market is segmented into bronze castings, bronze extrusions, and bronze forgings. The bronze casting is expected to be the most preferred process of bronze fabrication due to its low cost and ease of processing.
Receive a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5941
On the Basis of the End-Use Industry, the Global Bronze Market is segmented into architecture, marine, automotive, electrical & electronics, and others. The architectural industry is expected to be the largest market for bronze due to high demand from the developed regions such as North America and Europe for renovation activities. However, growing marine industry in Asia Pacific, the Middle East & Africa, and Latin America is expected to witness steady demand for bronze and thus expected to emerge as the fastest growing end-use industry over the forecast period 2018-2023.
Competitive Analysis
Some of the key players in the Global Bronze Market are Farmers Copper Ltd. (U.S.), Advance Bronze Incorporated (U.S.), Wieland Metals Inc.(U.S.), Lebronze alloys (France), KME Germany GmbH & Co KG (Germany), LDM B.V. (Netherlands), CONCAST METAL PRODUCTS CO. (U.S.), Aviva Metals (U.S.), PMX Industries Inc. (US), and Powerway Alloy (China).
Regional Analysis
The Global Bronze Market is spanned across five regions namely Asia Pacific, North America, Europe, Latin America, and the Middle East and Africa. Asia Pacific is expected to be the largest market for bronze owing to its numerous applications in various end-use industries such as marine, electrical & electronics, and automotive industry.
North America is expected to show steady demand for bronze for architectural application on account of ongoing renovation activities.
Europe is expected to witness steady demand for bronze from automotive and microelectronics industry. The Middle East & Africa is expected to experience high demand for bronze from the architecture and marine industry on account of the flourishing tourism industry. Latin America is expected to witness rising demand for bronze during the forecast period mainly from the emerging marine industry.
Access Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/bronze-market-5941
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Components, Application, Logistics and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
- Kane vs. John Cena is now official for next week's WWE RAW in Cleveland after Kane returned to TV on this week's show in Dallas and chokeslammed Cena. Cena had been ranting on The Undertaker not giving them an answer on their WrestleMania 34 challenge when Kane came to the ring and interrupted. Cena asked if Kane had been sent to give them an answer but Kane responded with a chokeskam. Above is video from that segment.
- WWE noted during RAW that players from the NFL's Dallas Cowboys were in attendance but the only player to be shown with a graphic was offensive tackle La'el Collins and they were not named, as seen in the tweet below. OT Tyron Smith was also in attendance with Collins.
Members of the @dallascowboys are in the house tonight at Monday Night #RAW! pic.twitter.com/honrUrkqV2 — WWE (@WWE) March 20, 2018
- As noted, Matt Hardy defeated Bray Wyatt in The Ultimate Deletion, which closed this week's RAW as the main event. Matt then declared that The Great War is over as the show went off the air. They tweeted the following after the win:
NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Friday:
Apple Inc., down $7.41 to $160.37
The technology company reported weaker-than-expected iPhone sales and its forecast also fell short of expectations.
Alphabet Inc., down $62.39 to $1,119.20
Advertisement
Google's parent company posted adjusted earnings that fell short of Wall Street estimates.
Amazon.com Inc., up $41 to $1,431
The e-commerce company's fourth-quarter profit climbed as it kept gaining Prime members and sales climbed.
Exxon Mobil Corp., down $4.54 to $84.53
The oil and gas company's profit and sales fell short of Wall Street forecasts.
Edwards Lifesciences Corp., up $4.85 to $131.83
The medical device maker raised its annual forecasts following a strong fourth-quarter report.
Amgen Inc., up $1.45 to $187.01
The biotechnology company had a weak quarter but announced a large stock repurchase.
Freeport-McMoRan Inc., down $1.48 to $17.97
The mining company slumped as the dollar gained strength and gold prices fell.
Visa Inc., down $4.81 to $120.91
The credit card and payments company forecast it will spend more on operating expenses.
Elderly Domestic Abuse Campaign Begins In Essex
A new campaign that aims to empower older victims of domestic abuse in Essex to seek support has launched today.
This follows an increase in reported incidents by 55's and over. In Essex during 2016/17 there were 2,985 reported incidents of domestic abuse suffered by over 55 year olds, an increase from 2015/16 when the number of incidents was just under 1,500.
The campaign is being led by the Southend, Essex and Thurrock Domestic Abuse Board (SETDAB) - a group of key organisations working in partnership to tackle domestic abuse.
The campaign focuses on positive outcomes and how survivors have been able to take part in activities or do things they previously weren't able to. It has been developed by working directly with victims, whose stories and experiences are the central focus of the campaign.
Chairman of the SETDAB and Cabinet Member for Children and Families, Cllr Dick Madden said: "Domestic abuse is never acceptable, whatever your age- this is the message we are sending to anyone that may be suffering.
"The latest figures are not only worrying, but unacceptable. This campaign aims to reach out to victims 55 and over and let them know that there is life after domestic abuse and that support is just a phone call away."
"It's the first campaign of this kind in the county, targeting solely over 55's and for the first time we have included a scenario where a couple have stayed together, but safely. It was really important for us to make sure we involved victims throughout the development of the campaign and I want to take this opportunity to say thank you to all of the victims and survivors who bravely shared their stories."
Jane Gardner, Deputy Police, Fire and Crime Commissioner for Essex, said: "Breaking the cycle of domestic abuse is one of the priorities in our Police and Crime Plan. It's clear from these statistics that domestic abuse can happen to anyone and it is really important for us to highlight how it can affect the older generation. This campaign is excellent as it raises awareness with some really impactful statements and images, all based on real stories."
"I hope that this campaign will really help victims know that they don't have to suffer in silence and that perpetrators can get the help they need to change their behaviour."
Assistant Chief Constable at Essex Police, Andy Prophet said: "Domestic abuse is a huge issue for Essex. It affects men and women and these incidents make up around a third of all violent crime in the county. Older adults can be particularly vulnerable and our message this year is that if something's happening that is making you feel bad there is help available."
"Many victims of domestic abuse don't want or need police action – they want support to make the changes that will help them live the lives they want. Essex Police wholeheartedly supports this campaign and I need anyone who needs help to call the 55+ safety net phone line."
The campaign will feature all over the county in bright and empowering posters as well as being promoted through older people networks and online. A number of short films have also been produced.
Victims are encouraged to call the ‘55 plus safety net' for support on 01206 500584 or visit www.livingwellessex.org/55-plus for more information and to watch the films.
In this photo provided by New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo's office, Puerto Rico's Gov. Ricardo Rossello, left, shakes hands with Cuomo at a rally in the Bronx borough of New York, Saturday, Feb. 4, 2018. At the event, Cuomo stated that they were "ashamed" that this country failed to help Puerto Rico recover faster from last year's hurricane. About a third of Puerto Rico remains without power. New York Governor's Office via AP)
PLAYER: Chatarius “Tutu” Atwell
POSITION: QB
SCHOOL: Miami Northwestern
CLASS: 2018
HEIGHT: 5-11
WEIGHT: 190
SCOUTING: Four nearly four years, when the name Chatarius “Tutu” Atwell Jr. was talked about statewide – outside of South Florida – it was met with a feeling of “too small”, not talented enough to get it done at a “higher level” and someone who would “never play major college football”. If those people are still around and would like to have a discussion with 6A state runner-up Seffner Armwood – or the University of Louisville – where they will head next summer – you will find that every one of those statements is false. In fact, playing their final game in a career that Bulls' fans will gladly talk about for decades to come, you can add state champion to the list of positives this impressive athlete has accomplished.
TAPE:
https://www.hudl.com/profile/4457238/chatarius-atwell-jr
By Nwabueze Okonkwo
ONITSHA—LEADER of Biafra Independence Movement, BIM and founder of Movement for Actualization of Sovereign State of Biafra (MASSOB), Chief Ralph Uwazuruike yesterday predicted that what is known today as Nigerian nation would break into six different republics before 2023.
They noted that the present pigeonholed six geo-political zones of the country, namely South-East, South-South, South-West, North-Central, North-East and North-West, would metamorphose into the six republics, with South-East becoming the long agitated New Biafra, while South-South becomes Niger-Delta Republic, just as South-West and North-Central become Oduduwa and Middle-Belt Republics respectively, leaving North-East and North-West as Arewa Republic
In a press statement issued yesterday in Onitsha, Anambra state, shortly after BIM's Anambra South Zonal meeting held at Uga, Aguata Local Government Area of the state, Uwazuruike who was represented by a member of Biafra Elders–in-council, Mazi Chris Mocha, observed that “the obvious lack of trust in the relationship or union between the northern and southern Nigeria is too inexplicable that Nigerians cannot continue to co-exist as one nation.”
Uwazuruike contended that “the faulty amalgamation of the northern and southern Nigeria in 1914 which expired since January 2014, also made it imperative that the country must surely break up in the near future, based on Biafran constitution which provided that any section of the country that is dissatisfied with the union will be at liberty to secede.”
They therefore urged Biafra leaders “to ensure that the federation is run in such a way that the citizens would be happy at all times and willing to belong to Biafra without being forced to do so.”
They insisted that “it was only in a corrupt country like Nigeria where illegality thrives that citizens are forced to live together and always show allegiance to the state”, adding, “we do not deserve Biafra if the emerging republic cannot be better than Nigeria.”
The explosion in an Austin neighbourhood yesterday had "similarities" with three bombs that detonated in the Texas capital this month, leading authorities to believe a "serial bomber" is terrorising the city.
The latest blast, which injured two men while they were walking along the road in a residential area, plunged the city further into a frightening mystery that forced residents in the vicinity of the bombing to remain locked in their homes as investigators scoured the area for answers.
The latest explosion was apparently set off by a tripwire on the road, causing investigators to determine the bomber or bombers have "a higher level of sophistication, a higher level of skill" than initially believed, said Brian Manley, the interim Austin police chief.
They also said the latest explosion marked an apparent shift in tactics after the three previous devices were left at people's homes.
Advertisement
"What we have seen now is a significant change from what appeared to be three very targeted attacks to what was, last night, an attack that would have hit a random victim that happened to walk by," Manley said. "So we've definitely seen a change in the method that this suspect is using."
The explosive device yesterday adds to the uncertainty in Austin, which has been on edge since previous bombings killed two people and injured two others, one seriously.
Authorities have seemed at a loss to explain who could be setting off the devices or why, saying only that the bombs were sophisticated and that the attacks could have been motivated by racial bias, although they acknowledged that this is only a theory.
The latest explosion injured two white men - one 22, the other 23 - walking through part of Austin's southwest area, far from where the first three devices detonated.
The explosive device was on the side of the road. The previous packages were all left at people's homes, authorities said.
What we know about the Austin bombings https://t.co/EfHgpraY8B — The New York Times (@nytimes) March 19, 2018
"With this tripwire, this changes things," said Christopher Combs, special agent in charge of the FBI's San Antonio office. "It's more sophisticated. It's not targeted to individuals. We're very concerned that with tripwires, a child could be walking down the sidewalk and hit something."
Authorities have previously described the explosives as the sophisticated work of someone who knows what they are doing, saying the bombers have been able to assemble and deliver the packages without setting them off. After telling residents to remain wary of unexpected or suspicious packages, authorities were now urging broader caution.
"We're even more concerned now that if people see something suspicious, they stay away from it altogether and contact law enforcement," said Fred Milanowski, special agent in charge of the Houston division of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. "Because if they move that package or if they step on that tripwire, it's likely to detonate."
Milanowski said devices using tripwires are activated when any pressure is applied to the wires, and they said that can include people "tripping over it or picking up the package".
Austin has been hit by 4 bombs in 3 weeks. The president is silent. https://t.co/zgswNryqUt — Vox (@voxdotcom) March 19, 2018
The two men wounded yesterday were taken to a hospital with serious but non-life-threatening injuries, and Manley said they were in stable condition today. Residents described the neighbourhood as a wealthy area filled with families.
"It's shocking," said Austin City Councillor Ellen Troxclair, who represents the district. "The trip wire definitely instilled some fear into this neighbourhood. They just want to know what's going on."
Many in the southwest Austin neighbourhood previously felt that they were immune from the terror that had shaken other parts of town.
"It appears that no one is safe, and I'm very fearful for our community," said Richard Herrington, 75, who was watching the NCAA men's basketball tournament when they heard the explosion. "It's very concerning that this person is becoming more sophisticated."
#FBI, @ATFHou, & @Austin_Police offering a reward of up to $100K for info leading to the arrest & conviction of person(s) responsible for the package bombs which recently injured & killed several Austin residents. Call 512-472-TIPS (8477) w/ tips. https://t.co/8Yfvfyg1uM pic.twitter.com/SFpkT7z3Vv — FBI (@FBI) March 19, 2018
The first two bombs killed black people - a 39-year-old construction worker and a 17-year-old high school student - related to prominent members of Austin's African-American community who were also close friends. The third bomb seriously injured a 75-year-old Hispanic woman, but it was addressed to a different home and apparently exploded when they were carrying it, said two people familiar with the case.
The first three explosions detonated in the eastern part of Austin, where black and Hispanic residents live. Some in the area questioned whether the initial blast would have prompted more urgency had it gone off in a more affluent, predominantly white neighbourhood.
Police said they are still considering whether some of the bombings were hate crimes.
"We've said from the beginning that we're not willing to rule anything out, just because when you rule something out you limit your focus," Manley told ABC. "This does change the concerns that we had initially, although we have still not yet ruled it out until we understand what the ideology or motive is behind the suspect or suspects."
Manley said that police do not have evidence leading them to a particular suspect, and they reiterated their plea to the public for tips and information.
The Carubbian Festival conceived a few years ago in order to give San Nicholas a chance to shine, once a week, and make a little extra money, will apparently be coming back.
I spoke to its spiritual leader last week, Leon Berenos, and they confirmed they are almost ready to roll; some budget has to still be approved, so the starting date has been pushed back by a week, from June 8th to June 15th.
The way Leon explains it, it makes perfect sense.
The festival draws an average of 125 paying visitors, $65 per person, about 4,000 locals and another 500 walk-in visitors who find their own way.
Basically every Thursday, the roti and cocada venders of San Nicholas gain access to a great number of wallets, allowing them to regularly make an additional income.
The cost of the festival? About Awg 10,000 a pop which includes early evening entertainment, steel pans or an organ grinder, set-up, lights, security, a cultural show, and more Latin and Caribbean dance music post-show.
“We hit a record number of people with Mike Eman's birthday when we had 10.000 people in the street, in 2011,” Leon recalls.
So that's the idea, invite the locals, bus some tourists and showcase the town's unique Caribbean flavors.
The festival is budgeted to unfold 45 weeks a year, and in its previous format 195 tourist busses made the trip to the sunrise side, in 2016. For the 2017 edition, their ticket would also include a visit to two museums, the Community- and the Industrial museum, besides food and transportation.
On a personal note Leon says they oversaw the festival for a number of years then took a leave of absence for two years. Things went downhill fast at the Carubbian, thus on March 11th, 2017, they returned, and will now be in charge of the improved production.
Leon reports the festival now unfolds on the Promenade of San Nicholas. They personally designed and produced the cultural show, which they now own, and is prepared to share it with the resorts for a modest fee.
The show will undergo regular changes and refreshes every 3 months; they hand-picked the four program emcees with Clive Burke and Quincy Hasham among them, all professional, seasoned entertainers.
The investment in infrastructure, will pay off they say. Almost Awg 400,000 in water/electricity, lights, tables, tents, and chairs. It has all been ordered and it's on its way, including uniforms for the vendors, nice menu stands with product descriptions and an overall improved “everything.”
We'll take a trip down to San Nicholas to see you Leon, for the first edition, June 15th.
Abuja – Viewers of the ongoing BBNaija ‘Double Wahala' reality show, have taken to various social media platform to oppose the return of disqualified housemates.
Ebuka Obi-Uchendu, host of the show announced on eviction night on Sunday that organisers of the show were giving Nigerians the opportunity to vote back two preferred evicted housemates, including those disqualified.
It should be recalled that Khloe and KBrule, the duo known as K-square earned three strikes as a pair, for flouting the rules of the house and were subsequently disqualified.
However, in this new twist introduced in the show, the disqualified housemates stand as much chance as others who were `honourably' evicted through viewers' votes, to return to the house.
They perceive the move as ‘unfair' and urge the organisers to cancel the strikes given to CeeC, Lolu and Tobi, if disqualified housemates are allowed to return.
@Adunimckinson tweeted, “I don't have a problem with them bringing past housemates, but why bring back disqualified housemates? If Kbrule and Khloe are coming back to play for 45 million Naira, then revoke the strikes you gave CeeC and Lolu.”
@Chiradine wrote, “it will be unfair to bring back disqualified housemates without removing the strikes of other housemates. Please let's play fair.
Disqualified housemates should not be allowed to come back. ”
@Boo_berry3 tweeted, “If Big Brother can bring back disqualified housemates, and then they should take away Tobi, CeeC and Lolu's strikes.”
However, some viewers are kicking against the entire idea of bringing evicted housemates back on the show, arguing that they have already been exposed to the game plan.
They added that evicted housemates will have upper hand as they already know what the viewers want, being outside the house.
Don Jazzy, popular Nigerian music producer and owner of Mavin records wrote @DonJazzy, “Dear Big Brother, I don't think this is a fair move.”
@Terrific tweeted, “Let me understand Biggie's strategy. To bring back evicted housemates who have an idea of what the viewers want already? To compete alongside housemates without a clue? Highly unfair.
Meanwhile, the affected housemates are already intensifying their campaign for votes to return back to the BBNaija house including the disqualified duo of Khloe and KBrule.
The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that one of the evicted contestants, Ifuennada has launched a hastag #BringBackIfuEnnada #BringBackIfu to solicits for votes from fans and viewers.
They wrote on their social media platforms @ ifuennada “Thanks for always supporting me. Now that Big Brother has given me an opportunity to return, I know you'd go all out for me. Much love!
“Guys we can do this please and please I take God beg una. Biko abeg I take GOD BEG UNA NOTHING LIKE PRIDE, ME I NEED THAT MONEY,'' Ifuennada stated.
The remaining nine housemates, CeeC, Lolu, Miracle, Tobi, Nina, BamBam, Teddy A, Alex and Rico Swavey continue to battle for prices worth 45 million
According to a new market report published by Credence Research Inc., “Email Encryption Market (By End-use (Information Technology and Telecom, Government, Banking, Financial Services and Insurance, Defense and Intelligence, Retail, Healthcare, and Others (Aerospace, Manufacturing, etc), By Deployment (On-demand and On-premise)) – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast 2016 – 2023”, the email encryption market is expected to expand at a CAGR of 22.7% between the forecast period 2016 – 2023.
Browse the full Email Encryption (By End-use (Information Technology and Telecom, Government, Banking, Financial Services and Insurance, Defense and Intelligence, Retail, Healthcare, and Others (Aerospace, Manufacturing, etc), By Deployment (On-demand and On-premise)) Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast 2016 – 2023 report at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/email-encryption-market
Market Insights:
E-mails represent one of the most popular and convenient medium of communication for businesses to interact with their clients and employees. However, e-mails are highly vulnerable to malware attacks and fraudulent activities. Thus, business enterprises across verticals and globe are investing large amounts in web security and email encryption solutions. E-mail encryption safeguards the content of an e-mail from external interception. Thus, only the intended recipient is able to read e-mail. The growing trend towards use of personal devices for office related work has bolstered the use of wireless technologies, thereby augmenting possibilities of malware attacks. This has led enterprises to adopt BYOD policies, which, in turn has been instrumental in driving adoption of email encryption solutions.
Competitive Insights:
The global email encryption market is highly competitive and technology driven. The top four players in the global email encryption market account for less than 45% of the market revenue. Some of the leading players identified in the email encryption market include McAfee, Inc. (the U.S.), Cisco Systems, Inc (the U.S.), Symantec Corporation (the U.S.), Proofpoint (the U.S.), and Zix Corporation (the U.S.). Other promising and emerging players identified and profiled in the report include Trend Micro, Inc., Hewlett Packard, Sophos Ltd., Entrust, Inc., Microsoft Corporation, Egress Software Technologies, and WatchGuard Technologies among others. The market being technology driven, intensity of competition is high and is expected to remain same throughout the forecast period. The established players are required to come-up with innovative solutions in order to stay ahead of the competition. In addition, inorganic expansion through strategic acquisitions and partnerships is expected to help leading players to sustain their market dominance in the coming years.
Key Trends:
Increased Email Threats
Growing trend towards multi-factor authentication for email encryption
Increasing use of Bio-metrics technology for email encryption
Demand for integrated security solutions
Growing adoption among small- and mid-sized business enterprises
Latest Report
Omega 3 Market http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/omega-3-market
Edible Insects Market http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/edible-insects-market
About Us:
Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we've manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task.
Contact:
Name: Chris Smith
Designation: Global Sales Manager
Ph: 1-800-361-8290
Email: sales@credenceresearch.com
Web: http://www.credenceresearch.com/
NEW YORK (AP) — Whitney Houston's mother had no clue about allegations that their son and superstar daughter were molested as children until the making of the new documentary "Whitney," says the film's executive producer.
Patricia Houston, the sister-in-law of Whitney, is responsible for getting the film, out Friday, to screen. Directed by Kevin Macdonald, "Whitney" paints an intimate portrait of the Grammy-winning pop queen and movie star through interviews with their brothers, their mother, friends, and behind-the-scenes footage. Houston's regal image over the decades was eroded by erratic behavior due to their drug use; they died in 2012, on the eve of the Grammys, after being discovered unresponsive in a hotel bathtub. They were 48.
It's the second documentary on Houston: "Whitney: Can I Be Me" was released earlier this year.
Patricia Houston, wife of Gary Garland-Houston, said it was difficult making "Whitney" because it hit so close to home — and because they were the one who had to tell Cissy Houston not only that there were abuse allegations, but they would be in the film.
Advertisement
"It was deeply a revelation for them You think about her, and it being a bit overbearing for them to hear — and their kids not telling them That's pretty tough to have to deal with," said Houston.
Dee Dee Warwick, the niece of Cissy Houston and sister to Dionne Warwick, was the alleged abuser. The alleged incidents took place when Gary and Whitney were between the ages of 7 and 9 and Cissy was touring. Warwick, who was 18 years older than Whitney Houston, died in 2008.
The documentary suggests that the sexual abuse endured by the children was a significant contributor to their struggles with drugs as adults.
"I don't think you can explain anyone's life from one particular event that's happened to them. But I think that it's certainly fair to say that it's maybe, in my opinion, the major contributor to Whitney's unhappiness," MacDonald said. "That and the fact that they never talked about it, and that nobody in the family talked about this and clearly it happened as you'd learned in the film."
MacDonald says the secrets in Houston's life took their toll on the Grammy-winning singer. They cite a clip in the film shot in the mid-2000s that shows them in conflict.
"I think there's an amazing piece of home movie footage in the film, which was from the early 2000s where Whitney is sort of really looking despairing. ... she's talking to herself, really going, 'Nippy calling Whitney. Whitney calling Nippy.' And Nippy was their sort of nickname that everybody close to them knew them as Nippy. And Nippy was the real her, as it were, the intimate them Whitney was the persona," Macdonald said.
"I think what you see in that home movie clip is this confusion that they have. I think it got progressively worse as they got older. The confusion between what's the real me, and what's not the real me. And obviously, the drugs didn't help with that," Macdonald said.
A 20-plus year veteran of the Shelton police force is now on medical leave after they were found unconscious and not breathing Tuesday afternoon.
Analysts claim revenues will be heavily affected after ruling comes into force on June 15
UK operators will be hit for millions of pounds in revenue as a consequence of EU roaming charges being scrapped from June.
This is according to leading industry analysts, who claimed the move could have a severe effect on the financial figures of bigger operators in particular, such as EE, O2 and Vodafone.
Mobile networks and MVNOs such as Three and Tesco Mobile have already scrapped roaming fees for customers. Three's Feel At Home package, for example, charges the same UK rates in 42 other countries, including Austria, Belgium, Germany, Finland and Italy.
GfK technology director Imran Choudhary told Mobile News: “The universal impact on all operators could definitely reach the millions in terms of revenue.”
“Roaming generates a lot of turnover and it'll definitely hit a lot of people within those businesses who are responsible for those areas. Operators may well generate different pricing structures for non-EU roaming to account for the losses.”
Significant impact
uSwitch Mobile senior commercial manager Ernest Doku said: “There will certainly be a major concern from all providers in the long term and wholesale rates will have to be made up elsewhere.
“The biggest concern from the operator's viewpoint is that they'll lose out in the long term. The impact will be quite significant and, sure, there's potential for it to hit seven figure sums.”
CCS Insight operators principal analyst Kester Mann concluded: “Three's revenues are small in comparison to other operators. For a company the size of Vodafone, the hit would be pretty substantial given how wide their footprint is.”
A provisional deal to abolish roaming fees from June 15 was approved by the European Commission at the start of February. If approved by EU member states and the European Parliament, consumers would pay the same UK rate for using calls, texts and data in EU countries.
The cost networks charge each other for roaming will also be dropped from the same date. The cost per GB of data will go from £43 to £6.60, call charges reduce from 4p per minute to 3p, and texts fall from 2p to 1p per message.
Are you looking for a search engine marketing company Pune who can help you with content marketing, link building or competitor analysis? Then Saletify which is a top-notch search engine marketing company in Pune can be your right choice.
We deliver high quality SEM services Pune like keyword analysis, code optimization, content strategy, etc. and serve a number of satisfied customers across India.
To get more details about visit?— http://saletify.com/service/social-media-marketing/
In the early hours of the morning of 5 October 2017, Pinetown Crime Intelligence and Operational Command Center members arrested a 33 year old suspect for murder and rape at Shallcross area.
The members conducted an intelligence driven operation in the area that led to arrest of the suspect who was sought for murder and rape.
It is alleged that on 17 September 2017, a 31 year old female was found with a bullet wound to the head at Emalangeni area, Mpumalanga Township.
A case murder and rape was opened at Pinetown police station for investigation.
When the suspect was arrested, they were also found in possession of unlicensed firearm with eleven live rounds of ammunition. The suspect will also be charged for possession of unlicensed firearm and ammunition. They appeared in Pinetown Magistrates' Court on 6 October 2017.
The KwaZulu-Natal Acting Provincial Commissioner praised the members for their hard work that led to arrest of the suspect and condemned incidents of abuse directed to women within our community. The persistence by the investigating officers to arrest the wanted murder suspect is commended. A thoroughly investigated docket will be sent to court for successful prosecution.
South Africa Today – South Africa News
United States 15-06-2017. 599 Fashion is your one-stop shop online that carries almost everything in clothing for men, women and kids. Apart from this, you will be able to buy plus size clothing here which is also trendy and designer will exceed your expectations. Basically, online shopping is gaining popularity among the modern generation who prefer online shopping for their routine needs. It is merely a option that lets you have great experience of shopping without visiting to different shops or without spending too many bucks.
When it's time to buy clothes online then finding the right clothing suppliers will make difference. A leading and dedicated clothing store must provide you high-quality clothes at the reasonable price in the market. No doubt, there must be a number of clothing suppliers to choose from but you cannot prefer anybody for your specific needs. A right vendor must provide you with high-quality and affordable clothing. A right clothing store like 599 Fashion must provide several options in clothing and let you have the ultimate experience of online shopping.
Usually, plus size women find it hard to get the clothes which are meant for them. They feel they cannot wear fashionable and designer clothes but it is not true as 599 Fashion carries huge selection in plus size clothing. It is not perfect to give you the right fit but also tend to be more fashionable and trendy. These plus size clothes will let you stay in fashion and women plus size clothing involves: beautifully designed dresses, stylish bottoms, sexy tops, activewear, rompers and much more.
When it comes to buy clothes online then if you are looking for the best clothing store who can help you buy cheap clothing online then one can rely on 599 Fashion.
Learn more about this clothing store and products it provides by visiting at:
https://www.599fashion.com/Affordable-plus-size-clothing_ep_91-1.html
The heartbroken family of a young Dundee dad who took their own life have claimed they were not given enough support to help tackle their mental health issues.
Lee Welsh, 27, was found dead at their Peddie Street home, in the city's West End, by their girlfriend Leigh Gibson.
Their devastated parents Phil Welsh and Lesley Nicoll paid tribute to their “funny, talented and happy-go-lucky” son.
But their dad said the family was upset and frustrated that troubled Lee, a musician who played with rock band Modern Culture, was not given enough help.
Phil, 48, said Lee, a dad to six-year-old Poppy, had battled mental health issues over the past nine years.
They said: “He talked about them and they asked for help for them. Unfortunately, I don't believe that enough was done to help our son.
“If anything comes out of this, I want it so that no other young person does what Lee did.”
Phil has now vowed to fight for better support for young people suffering similar problems and pledged: “Once I have buried my son, I will be taking up this cause.
“I want to make sure that enough help and support becomes available for other young people and their families.
“You get told that young men don't talk about their mental health issues but Lee did.
“He was going to the doctor and was asking for help but they aren't getting it. That needs to change. No one in particular is to blame. The resources are just not there to help young people like Lee.
“That needs to change and I am going to work to make that happen.”
Lee's mum Lesley, 48, said they went with their son to the doctor and pleaded for help for him, adding: “I wanted them taken into hospital and assessed but that never happened.
“Lee was put on medication and they kept changing it but it just wasn't helping. We knew Lee was not well but we are still completely devastated. We knew they had become more ill recently but I'm not sure if we realised just how depressed they had become.”
Lee's parents said their son had never been given a final diagnosis, with Phil adding: “Bipolar was talked about but that was never confirmed. If they had got better support then this may never have happened.”
Phil said Lee, who was a van driver for charity Barnardo's in Dundee, was a clever and talented young man.
They added: “He played the guitar and twice won the Battle of the Bands competition with their band Modern Culture.
“He taught themselves to play the guitar and the drums. They loved music.”
Lee's cousin Cally McLean has set up a JustGiving page to help raise money for their funeral.
Lesley said: “You don't prepare to bury a son and it's amazing that we are receiving so many donations and offers of help.”
A spokesperson for Dundee Health and Social Care Partnership said: “There is a wide range of mental health services available to support people who face mental health challenges. These are designed to respond to each person's individual circumstances.”
FILE - This Sept. 21, 2016, file photo shows Exxon Mobil's Billings Refinery in Billings, Mont. New trails, fishing sites and other recreational features will be built along Montana's Yellowstone River as compensation for damage from an Exxon Mobil Corp. pipeline spill, under a plan approved Wednesday, May 30, by the governor. Matthew Brown, File AP Photo
A fellow campaigner of American Civil Rights activist Martin Luther King shared their experiences in Londonderry yesterday (Wednesday).
Jesse Jackson visited Oakgrove Integrated College where pupils were told the school was welcoming “a man history already records as being a giant of the 20th and now the 21st century”.
Jesse Jackson addressing pupils during their visit to the school. INLS 25-704-CON
“As you come into our foyer, when you look up, you see the large dove and the words of Martin Luther King. Jesse Jackson was their friend and co-campaigner,” the school stated.
“You have frequently heard in this school the words of another great American, Eleanor Roosevelt. Them poster is near the canteen. They said that ‘human rights are made in the little places close to home, so small that they do not feature on any map of the world'.
“Oakgrove College is one of those ‘small places' and yet today, we welcome into it a giant figure of world history.”
Students were told that Mr Jackson's address “will inspire us to be the best that we can be in making our world a better place”.
DUP MP Sammy Wilson has defended Brexit Secretary David Davis's decision to make an unannounced visit to the Irish border.
Mr Davis spent nearly two hours in Co Armagh on Monday, but the trip drew criticism from Sinn Fein because the area's local MP was not informed.
Mickey Brady, MP for Newry and Armagh, accused Mr Davis of avoiding a meeting with them because they are “afraid to face the truth about Brexit”.
But DUP Brexit spokesperson Mr Wilson refuted suggestions that the nature of Mr Davis surprise visit showed they were not interested in the views of people in Northern Ireland regarding Brexit.
When asked on BBC's Talkback show if the trip was “an example of the marginalisation of views” in the Province, the East Antrim MP: “Maybe it says more about their attitude towards those would try and disrupt their visit.
“I don't know the reason why they came and left so quickly, but the one thing I do know is that they do not ignore the views of the people of Northern Ireland.
“I meet with Mr Davis and other ministers in the Brexit department on a regular basis.
“I don't think me standing in a field on the border with them would have helped explain the border situation any more than me standing in their office with him.”
The Department for Exiting the European Union said not informing Sinn Fein MP Mr Brady was “an administrative oversight for which we are happy to apologise”.
The DUP were not given notice of the trip either but the Brexit department spokesperson said the Northern Ireland Office had been informed ahead of the visit.
Mr Brady's party colleague, West Belfast MP Paul Maskey, said Mr Davis had shown “contempt” for local politicians and not followed protocol in arranging the visit.
Following the short trip, during which Mr Davis was escorted by former senior police officer and Cooperation Ireland chief executive Peter Sheridan, they reiterated the Government's determination to avoid a hard border on the island.
Mr Davis tweeted: “As we leave the EU it's essential both the UK and EU do what it takes to keep the border, which I saw this morning, free from physical infrastructure.
“We are determined to get this agreed by October.”
As part of the trip Mr Davis visited an autism centre in Middletown in Co Armagh as well as a nearby food processing company.
The Brexit Secretary also saw a former customs post between counties Armagh and Monaghan.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A single mum has shockingly revealed how a holiday cost them a staggering £800 more - all because they didn't qualify for a 'family ticket'.
A jaw-dropping quarter of British families are headed by a lone parent.
But, worryingly, the travel industry is still penalising them.
One mum, from Sheffield, told the Mirror how they have struggled.
40-year-old Kate Grice said: “I booked a holiday to Spain in December for my three-year-old and I.
"It's not easy to afford to go away so I booked early so I could pay off the cost in monthly instalments.
“I was shocked that it cost £800 each.
"It seems totally unfair to charge a small child the same as an adult.
"I realised afterwards that it would have cost me half the price if I had taken an adult friend along as there would have been a free child place then."
A recent survey by currency exchange firm FairFX revealed many single parents are paying more for holidays than if they were travelling in a couple, with costs for a package deal as much as £500 higher.
Many holiday companies have deals where children travel free with two adults.
In contracts, single parents are forced to pay adult prices for their young children – child prices are only available when youngsters are sharing with two paying adults.
With money tight around the summer period, everyone will be looking for ways to save on their flights.
With so many tips and hacks kicking around the internet, it can be tricky to separate fact from fiction in order to help you save a few bob on your summer flights.
Thankfully, MoneySavingExpert Martin Lewis has appeared on ITV's This Morning to reveal all to Holly Willoughby and Philip Schofield.
The financial guru ran through a series of true or false questions, as the Liverpool Echo reports.
(Image: ITV)
You have to show your boarding pass at duty free
TRUE. This first one is a trick question. When you are purchasing duty-free items, you need to show your boarding pass.
But what about airport shops?
FALSE. You do not need to show your boarding pass in airport shops.
EHIC card ensures free care in EU
FALSE. Martin, from MoneySavingExpert.com told Holly and Phil: "A European Health Insurance Card (EHIC) gives you access to state-run hospitals and GPs at the same price as a local. So if it's free for them it's free for you, if they pay, you pay.
"Everyone should have there own, even children. Lots of them go out of date this year, so check yours now.
"They are free, so any website charging you is a scam."
You can't take water bottles through airport security
FALSE. You can't take the water through. You can take the bottle so that you don't have to buy expensive water at the airport.
Most airports have water taps where you can fill your bottles up once you are through security.
When paying by plastic abroad, if asked to choose between pounds and euros, choose euros?
TRUE. Always in Euros.
Martin said: "f you pay in pounds the overseas bank/store will do the conversion, and their rates tend to be awful. Paying in euros is far safer than your bank will do the exchange – and that is usually at least as good, if not better."
You can't take food through security
FALSE. Yes, you can. Martin said that taking a picnic to eat on the plane will save you a lot of money, as on-flight food is expensive.
If you have unlimited data roaming in the UK, you now get exactly the same when travelling in the EU?
FALSE. When you take your mobile to the EU you get the same minutes and texts, but if you have an unlimited data package, that is usually capped when in the EU.
Martin advises that you check with your supplier before you go.
You cannot hire a car without paying for insurance
FALSE. Martin said: "They will hassle you, but you do not have to. You can get a really cheap add-on at home before you go."
Humans may have reached their peak - and could soon start moving backward, a chilling new report has warned.
Experts analysed 120 years worth of historical information, and concluded maximum limits for height, lifespan and physical performance have been met.
In fact, they warn human impacts on the environment - including climate change - could mean we will soon never reach these limits again, according to the Daily Mail.
Published in Frontiers in Physiology, the review is the first of its kind spanning 120 years worth of historical information, while considering the effects of both genetic and environmental parameters.
Advertisement
It concluded there may be a maximum threshold to our biological limits that we cannot exceed.
"These traits no longer increase, despite further continuous nutritional, medical, and scientific progress,' said Professor Jean-François Toussaint from Paris Descartes University, France.
"This suggests that modern societies have allowed our species to reach its limits.
"We are the first generation to become aware of this.
"Rather than continually improving, we will see a shift in the proportion of the population reaching the previously recorded maximum limits."
Experts analysed 120 years worth of historical information, and concluded maximum limits for height, lifespan and physical performance have been met. Photo / Getty Images
The team say examples of the effects of these plateaus will be seen as fewer sporting records are broken and more people reach but don't exceed the present highest life expectancy.
When researchers considered how environmental and genetic limitations combined may affect the ability for us to reach these upper limits, our effect on the environment was found to play a key role.
"This will be one of the biggest challenges of this century as the added pressure from anthropogenic activities will be responsible for damaging effects on human health and the environment," Toussaint said.
"The current declines in human capacities we can see today are a sign that environmental changes, including climate, are already contributing to the increasing constraints we now have to consider.
"Observing decreasing tendencies may provide an early signal that something has changed but not for the better.
"Human height has decreased in the last decade in some African countries; this suggests some societies are no longer able to provide sufficient nutrition for each of their children and maintain the health of their younger inhabitants," Toussaint explains.
What can be done?
To avoid us being the cause of our own decline, the researchers say they hope their findings will encourage policymakers to focus on strategies for increasing quality of life and maximise the proportion of the population that can reach these maximum biological limits.
"Now that we know the limits of the human species, this can act as a clear goal for nations to ensure that human capacities reach their highest possible values for most of the population,' said Toussaint.
"With escalating environmental constraints, this may cost increasingly more energy and investment in order to balance the rising ecosystem pressures.
"However, if successful, we then should observe an incremental rise in mean values of height, lifespan and most human biomarkers.'"
Toussaint warns, "The utmost challenge is now to maintain these indices at high levels."
A recap of is shown from last week is shown to kick off the show featuring So Cal Uncensored's Scorpio Sky & The Addiction (Christopher Daniels & Frankie Kazarian) paying off Shane Taylor to be backup in case of any Bullet Club interference when they face off with them. Taylor warns that if their check doesn't clear, they will find them.
Ian Riccaboni and Colt Cabana check in on commentary after the usual ROH signature video package. Punishment Martinez makes their entrance. Dobbs is introduced in the ring.
Punishment Martinez vs. Dobbs
Martinez connects with a big boot to Dobbs as the bell rings. Martinez elbows Dobbs. Martinez connects with a forearm to Dobbs. Dobbs ducks a clothesline attempt by Martinez. Martinez dropkicks Dobbs. Martinez hits a spin-kick on Dobbs. Martinez hits a Chokeslam on Dobbs. Martinez pins Dobbs for the quick win.
Winner: Punishment Martinez
ROH World Champion Dalton Castle & The Boys come down to the ring after the match. Castle ducks a strike attempt by Martinez. Castle hits a Modified Suplex on Martinez. Martinez teases continuing to fight before making their exit.
Coast To Coast (Shaheem Ali & LSG) and War Machine (Hanson & Raymond Rowe) make their entrances. Caprice Coleman has joined the commentary team.
Coast To Coast (Shaheem Ali & LSG) vs. War Machine (Hanson & Raymond Rowe)
(Coast To Coast Will Disband If They Lose)
Ali hits a Senton to the outside on Hanson and Rowe. Ali rolls Hanson into the ring. Ali and LSG both dropkick Hanson. Rowe comes into the ring. Ali and LSG slam Rowe into Hanson. LSG chops Hanson in the corner. LSG attempts to send Hanson into Rowe as Ali attempts to send Rowe into Hanson. Rowe forearms LSG as Hanson splashes Ali in the corner. Hanson sends Ali into the knees of Rowe. Hanson clotheslines LSG in the corner.
War Machine eventually hits Thor's Hammer on Ali. Hanson hits a Suicide Dive to the outside on LSG. Rowe pins Ali for a two count. Hanson ascends the turnbuckles. LSG strikes Hanson, sending them to ringside. LSG kicks Rowe in the face. Ali forearms Rowe. Ali and LSG hit Coast To Coast on Rowe. Ali and LSG both cover Rowe for a two count. Hanson comes into the ring. Ali and LSG send Hanson to the corner. Ali attempts to send LSG into Hanson, Hanson slams LSG to the mat. LSG rolls out of the ring. Hanson hits a spin-kick on Ali. Hanson goes to the top rope. Rowe picks Ali up. Hanson and Rowe hit Fallout on Ali. Rowe pins Ali for a two count. Rowe hits Ali with a knee strike. Rowe gets Ali up as Hanson starts ascending the turnbuckle again. LSG grabs the leg of Hanson as Ali rolls Rowe up for the win.
Winners: Coast To Coast (Shaheem Ali & LSG)
Coast To Coast and War Machine shake hands after the match.
Bully Ray makes their entrance, carrying their ring boots, for an in-ring promo. Bully says that Final Battle was their final battle. Bully talks about having originally left their boots in New York, where they were born. Bully says as a professional wrestler, Philadelphia is where they were born. Bully talks about how in October of 1995, in the same building that they are in, Bubba Ray Dudley was born. Bully says that this is the ring, this is the arena, and this is the city, that they should leave their boots in. Bully thanks the fans. Bully says that they are Bully Ray and that it has been their honor. Bully leaves their boots in the center of the ring. The faces of the ROH locker room surround a portion of the ring. Jay Lethal gets in the ring with a microphone. Lethal talks about how they didn't know what to expect when Bully Ray was first coming to ROH. Lethal says they watched Bully help every single wrestler they could. Lethal calls Bully a legend. Lethal says thank you. Lethal hugs Bully.
A Woman Of Honor highlight video package is shown.
So Cal Uncensored's Scorpio Sky, Frankie Kazarian & Christopher Daniels make their entrance. Matt Taven (accompanied by TK O'Ryan) has joined the commentary team. The Bullet Club's Marty Scurll, Cody & Adam Page make their entrance.
So Cal Uncensored (Scorpio Sky, Frankie Kazarian & Christopher Daniels) vs. Bullet Club (Marty Scurll, Cody, Adam Page)
Sky and Scurll start the match. Sky hits a spin-kick on Scurll. Sky stomps the back of Scurll. Scurll kicks Sky in the face. Daniels is tagged in. Scurll tags Cody in. They lock up. Cody and Daniels exchange wrist locks. Cody elbows Daniels in the face. Cody goes for Cross Rhodes, Daniels reverses it into a Snapmare. Daniels goes for Angel's Wings, Cody reverses it into a Hurricanruna.
Late in the match, Page hits a Powerbomb on Sky. Page pins Sky for a two count. Daniels comes into the ring. Page kicks Daniels. Page dropkicks Daniels while simultaneously hitting a Moonsault on Sky. Page pins Sky for another two count. Sky reverses and Irish Whip attempt by Page into an Irish Whip of their own, sending Page into Daniels and Kazarian. Kazarian hits a Neck-breaker on Page as Daniels Powerbombs them at the same time. Sky double stomps Page. Sky pins Page for a two count. Sky runs towards Page. Page catches Sky and Powerslams them in the corner. Daniels hits an STO on Page. Daniels hits a Disaster Kick on Page. Kazarian hits a Jumping Kick on Cody. Scurll uppercuts Kazarian. Scurll uppercuts Sky. Scurll gets Sky up on their shoulders. Cody springboards off the top rope to dropkick Sky off the shoulders of Scurll. Scurll goes for the Chickenwing on Sky, Daniels attacks them from behind. Daniels strikes Scurll, sending them out of the ring. Daniels goes to the apron. Daniels hits a Moonsault on to Scurll at ringside. Cody hits a springboard clothesline to the outside on Daniels. Kazarian hits a Hurricanruna on Cody at ringside. Sky hits a Cutter on Cody at ringside. Page hits a Moonsault off the top turnbuckle to the outside on Sky. Page's foot got caught on the guardrail comin down. Page rolls Sky back into the ring. Page comes back into the ring as Daniels and Kazarian do the same. Daniels kicks Page. Kazarian hits a Back-Stabber on Page. Sky hits a Running Knee Strike on Page. Sky pins Page for the win.
Winners: So Cal Uncensored (Scorpio Sky, Frankie Kazarian & Christopher Daniels)
They hype next week's show as this one comes to a close.
Alber Douglawi is parlaying “the best academic decision they ever made” to attend Allan Hancock College and its MESA program into an internship at Cornell University this summer. They and 18 other students from Hancock's Mathematics, Engineering and Science Achievement (MESA) program have been accepted into competitive internships across the state and nation.
Douglawi will travel the farthest of the group to Ithaca, N.Y., where they will complete a 10-week study in observational astronomy at Cornell. They were one of eight students in the nation chosen for the prestigious undergraduate research internship.
Douglawi, who graduated from Hancock in May, said joining the MESA program allowed them the opportunity to connect with other students studying science and helped them to find and apply for internships. They plan to apply for an internship with NASA next summer, but before that they begin classes in the fall at Cal Poly, San Luis Obispo, as an aerospace engineering major.
Another recent graduate, Gina Belair, is taking part in an internship at the School of Earth Sciences at Stanford University this summer for the second year in a row. During the internship they will receive assistance in applying for graduate school and understanding geoscience and engineering careers. They will be attending UC Berkeley in the fall.
Janel Case, who will be transferring to UC San Diego in the fall, is spending their summer in a nine-week internship with the Department of Plant Pathology and Microbiology at UC Riverside. They will be working with faculty on research projects involving microbial biology.
Three Hancock students were chosen to attend a two-part internship at the Center for Biophotonics Science and Technology and the College of Biological Sciences at UC Davis. Having completed the first two weeks during the winter break, Danelyn Bagasol, Wilbado Acevedo and Raul Nava will compete the final two weeks of their internship this summer, taking part in seminars designed to help them find future internships and conducting scientific research.
Thirteen MESA students will be conducting their research right in their own backyard as interns in the science labs at Cal Poly, San Luis Obispo. Miranda Evangelista, Oscar Mendoza, Raul Nava, Lluvia Castañeda, Jeanette Barriga, Kristen Justice, Lindsey Cunningham, Alyssa Zuniga, Karla Elias, Sarai Zavala, Jose Ibarra, Ruben Botello and Ian Rojas will have paid internships through a partnership with Cal Poly and the Bridges to the Baccalaureate program.
Hancock was one of only six community colleges in the nation chosen to receive the Bridges to the Baccalaureate grant to encourage underrepresented minority students to pursue careers in the biomedical or behavioral sciences. In addition to internship opportunities, participants in the program are offered assistance to transfer to Cal Poly after finishing their requirements at Hancock. This is the fifth summer that students have had the opportunity to participate in summer internships at Cal Poly through the $848,000 National Institutes of Health grant.
MESA provides support to students pursuing degrees in the science, technology, engineering and mathematics fields, and students are encouraged to apply for internships to develop their academic and leadership skills as part of their continuing education. The MESA program is accepting applications for the fall semester until Aug. 30.
Applications can be found online by clicking here, or for more information contact Christine Reed at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) or 805.922.6966 x3446.
— Sonja Oglesby is a public affairs and publications technician for Allan Hancock College.
We live in a world where food travels freely from one part of the planet to other. We revel in having so many exotic foods at our disposal, and feel it is our right as citizens of a modern Ireland that we all should distinguish our mangos from our kumquats.
But food travel comes at a cost. Both to the environment and to our pocket.
Don't get me wrong. I love exotic fruit. Can you imagine an Ireland with no bananas or oranges? How terrible.
One thing I do not understand is our desire for asparagus. It is a vegetable like any other. Every May I look forward to its brief appearance. But year round it can be found in restaurants and supermarkets. Do we really need it?
It is necessity or just laziness that cause so many Irish chefs to put it in their menus, claiming that the customer demands it. I doubt it.
Free trade
In the autumn and winter months, most asparagus you find in Ireland will have been flown in from Peru. Outside this period, it will be more than likely coming from Spain, though I have come across asparagus from Kenya.
International free trade deems it fair that this can happen. And it will continue to happen, unless we stop unconsciously filling our baskets and bellies with this little green stem.
A wonderful alternative to Peruvian asparagus at this time of year is purple sprouting broccoli. Not only does its purpleness make it way cooler than your average broccoli, it sure as hell wipes the floor in terms of flavour (when compared with international asparagus).
Try pairing it with fried fish, such as hake. Simply pan fry your hake in a little oil and then add a glass of wine or fish stock. When it comes to the boil, add a few stems of sprouting broccoli and some clams.
ADVERTISEMENT
Cook until the broccoli is tender and clams open. I like to finish the dish with a few knobs of butter and some parsley.
Denver-based SoRewarding, the social network for philanthropy, has recently expanded its reach to Santa Barbara in more ways than one. Already successfully hosting events for local nonprofits free of charge in Denver, SoRewarding will now be doing the same for Santa Barbra nonprofit organizations.
Kicking off the launch of SoRewarding in Santa Barbara, SoRewarding will be holding monthly events to bring the community together to support one local cause for the evening.
SoRewarding involves a younger demographic in giving back to their community through integrating giving into the daily activities of the community. Partnering with local nonprofits for affordable events is one way for SoRewarding to thank the organization for all that it does while hoping to inspire residents to support the organization through “Good times for Great Causes.”
SoRewarding's hope is that it will inspire and enable Santa Barbara citizens to realize the extraordinary impact they can make by simply engaging in ordinary activities. Through SoRewarding's events, individuals can find out about new causes to support, businesses can be recognized as being socially responsible and nonprofits can reach a new audience of potential donors and volunteers while raising money in a fun, social setting.
“We're thrilled to expand our unique concept to the entire country. We hope to really shake up the whole concept of philanthropy,” said Marion Mariathasan, CEO of SoRewarding. “Our ultimate goal is to help people become human again, to give back, show kindness and stay connected to their community through simple and fun everyday activities. The American Association of Fundraising Counsel reported that individuals donated over $217 billion in 2011. We think we can dramatically increase that number.”
— Kerstan Saylor is the director of events for SoRewarding.
Cleaning up the environment in Hawke's Bay is the top focus of the Hawke's Bay Regional Council's 10-year plan, a decade of work that chair of the council Rex Graham says can't be achieved without tangata whenua.
"We've got to face up to the fact that for 150 years we have deforested our lands quicker than anybody else in the history of the world- we have over-farmed many of our regions".
"We have destroyed some rivers and creeks and estuaries, we've polluted practically all of them, certainly in Hawke's Bay. We have a couple of rivers that aren't too bad, but Ahuriri Estuary is a total mess," says Graham.
The region has been plagued with water woes, unswimmable waterways and multiple high-level E. coli readings in drinking water over the years.
"The problem is that over the many years, from what I can see, is that the regional council hasn't had the environment at the forefront so now it's left for this generation to pay the price," says ratepayer Bayden Barber.
"Unequivocally water is a big issue back home both in terms of availability, its cleanliness, drinking water, storage of water [and] in terms of our local economy. So when you talk in terms of long-term plan priorities for Hawke's Bay, it is definitely water," says Meka Whaitiri, MP for Ikaroa Rawhiti.
But fixing the problem doesn't come cheap and the money needs to come from a rates increase across the region of around $1 a week per property.
"It's nowhere enough to do the job. We're going to borrow heavily against our balance sheet as well, so it's really a pittance that we are picking up. The average rates increase is $50 a year," says Graham.
But Barber is hesitant, "To me, that will be a heavy burden for those that are not well-off or to those that can't afford the increase".
There is a five-week consultation period and Graham says the council will be working closely with various Māori groups including an action group that comprises all marae along the Karamu Stream.
Lebanon escort » is the most prevalent and well- renowned escort modality. It helps you in releasing tension, travel, work stress and to revive sinews after strong activity. Within the company of our Beautiful escort Model, our escort service will provide you an effective way to refurbish balance to the body and improve the presentation. Now it depends upon you to open your door to refresh yourself for next day.
Your most sensual erotic Lebanon escort services » are just one step ahead towards you we are the best and most demanded escort service provider in Lebanon and our services are provided in such professional by our escort expert girls that you get the best pleasure of your life. For more: Lebanon Escorts Service » , Escorts in Lebanon » , Lebanon Escorts Girls » , Lebanon Escort Girls » , Escorts Girls in Lebanon » .
OAKLAND, Calif. — Tampa Bay right-hander Nathan Eovaldi has not allowed a hit through six innings against Oakland in their first start since having a second Tommy John surgery.
Eovaldi has four strikeouts and 70 pitches. The only hitter to reach so far is Matt Chapman, who drew a one-out walk in the first inning.
Rays centre fielder Johnny Field made a diving catch on a sinking liner from Mark Canha in the third. Right fielder Carlos Gomez made a similar play to take a potential hit away from Chad Pinder in the sixth.
Eovaldi last pitched in the majors on Aug. 10, 2016, for the Yankees. Nine days later, they underwent a second elbow surgery. Eovaldi also had Tommy John surgery in 2007 when they were a junior in high school.
NEW YORK (AP) — In the search for answers to a series of explosions in Texas, authorities have come ahead with a simple plea to whoever's behind the blasts: Talk to us.
The Austin police chief's direct appeal, complete with promises to listen to the bomber and try to understand the reasons, reflects the stubborn progress of the investigation in which there's no known motivation and the ties between the victims are opaque at best. It may also represent a ploy to coax a response that could give clues or help police prepare for what might come next.
"It puts law enforcement and police in a down power dynamic and instills power on the person," said Randall Rogan, a Wake Forest University professor who is an expert on forensic linguistic analysis and worked with the FBI on the Unabomber case. "It gives (perpetrators) a sense of satisfaction, of pride, of accomplishment, that they are in charge."
An explosion on Sunday night was the fourth in Austin this month, and represented a stepped-up level of sophistication in the attack. Unlike the previous bombings, which involved packages left on doorsteps, the latest one was placed near a hiking trail and had a thin translucent tripwire like fishing line. Two people have died in the explosions and four others have been injured.
Advertisement
Hundreds of officers from multiple law enforcement agencies are on the case.
Rogan said as time passes, it's likely the person or people behind the explosions will seek more than just the thrill of the crimes themselves and will desire more recognition, something that could drive them to make contact with police or release some sort of communiqué or manifesto. They said the new complexity of the fourth bombing might suggest it was a test for something even bigger.
"This is an increase and expansion of sophistication and most likely a trial run for something to come in the future," Rogan said.
Robert Taylor, a former police detective who is now a criminologist at the University of Texas at Dallas, said eventually there will be a break in the case, but how long it will take remains to be seen.
"Something will come up somewhere. It will be a fingerprint on an envelope or DNA from saliva or a unique kind of detonator, or someone will just blab in a bar," they said.
For now, though, the police chief's plea suggests they haven't reached that point.
"It's a sign there's probably not a lot of physical evidence in this kind of crimes that lead and point to a specific person," Taylor said.
Every tiny piece of the bombs' remnants, though, holds the potential to unlock the mystery.
Mary Ellen O'Toole, a retired FBI agent and profiler who worked on numerous bombing cases, including the Unabomber, and now heads the forensic science program at George Mason University, said because bombs require so many components, they increase the chance that whoever built it could leave a trace of themselves behind.
"They're looking to see if they can determine a signature for the bomber," they said of investigators.
Scouring the areas where the bombs went off could uncover something — a hair, a skin fragment, a part of a fingerprint — that might lead to the perpetrator. Police will analyze every part of the devices they can recover to see what clues come from wires, tape, the skill and neatness in which they were constructed, and any other detail that might help decode who the bomber is.
"Even the way they bend or roll the wire," said Michael Bussell, a former Army ordnance disposal technician who now teaches classes on the subject for the online American Military University.
The Unabomber case, which launched with its first blast in 1978, provides both reasons to be hopeful and concerned about the Texas explosions.
While the FBI was able to build a correct profile of the bomber as having been raised in Chicago with ties to Salt Lake City and San Francisco, the big break in the case didn't come for 17 years, when they sent a 35,000-word manifesto. Even then, Ted Kaczynski was identified as the Unabomber only after their brother came forward to help authorities.
O'Toole said it's impossible to build a nuanced profile of the killer without all the evidence, but that bombers share some characteristics. They are willing to forsake some control in their mayhem since they are leaving a device that might not reach its intended target. They enjoy the risk of it — not just the danger of building a bomb, but also of transporting it to neighborhoods where people live and they could easily be caught. And because the bombings have continued, they likely feel no remorse and are prepared to do it again.
"If this bomber is being motivated, in part, by the sense of power and control that they have holding the city of Austin in a state of fear, and depending on how addictive that feeling is," they said, "that can be a strong contributor to theirs doing it again and not waiting a long period of time."
___
Sedensky can be reached at msedensky@ap.org or https://twitter.com/sedensky
A father has died and two of their children are in hospital after swallowing water as the trio waded to shore after they had been fishing.
They had been caught in the incoming tide off Awhitu Regional Park in southwest Auckland.
The park is on the Manukau Harbour side of the Awhitu Peninsula.
Awhitu Volunteer Fire Brigade chief Andrew Hamilton told the Herald the father, and their daughter and son, were returning from a small island, Kauritutahi, in the harbour about 200m from the beach at the regional park.
Advertisement
"Special mention must be made of the campers there," they said.
"They were alerted to it before we got there and went out and helped the family in to shore."
Police were called to the scene at 12.40pm following reports three people were in trouble in the water.
The father died at the scene. The children had swallowed some water and were flown by the Auckland Westpac Rescue Helicopter to Middlemore Hospital in a moderate condition.
Hamilton understood the father and children were camping at the regional park with other family members.
"I think they were fishing on the island … They got caught in the tide when they were making their way back to shore by foot."
The island is about 200m from the shore.
"They are big tides at the moment with a lot of current when the tide is coming in and going out."
A spokesperson for the rescue helicopter said: "When crew got there, CPR was in progress on an adult male patient. They unfortunately died at the scene.
"Crew of Westpac 2 assisted two children who had been rescued prior to the rescue helicopter arriving at the scene."
The spokesperson said intensive care paramedic Russell "Rusty" Clark attended the incident.
They had also attended a rescue in West Auckland's Waitakere Ranges yesterday, in which two teenagers died.
Swept away
The teenagers, and three friends were swept up by a flash flood.
The five boys, all from Auckland and aged 17, had been swimming at the Cascade Falls area in the Waitakere Ranges when heavy rain struck around 4.15pm yesterday.
Flooded cars at Piha. Photo / Supplied
They had tried to scramble on to rocks before attempting to cross to the other side to reach their vehicle. Two had made it to the river bank but three were swept away.
One then ran to a nearby golf course to raise the alarm. They were taken to Waitakere Hospital with mild hypothermia.
One of the trio swept away managed to grab hold of a tree on the bank of the stream, and was eventually winched to safety by the Westpac Rescue Helicopter about 7:15pm.
Two of the boys were found dead, Inspector Fata Willi Fanene said. They have been identified as Sosi Turagaiviu and Mitch Woolley, both 17.
At about 6.40pm Sosi Turagaiviu, of Massey, was found in the water under a bridge on Bethells Road, near Te Henga Rd, Fanene said.
Then, at about 7.50pm, the body of Mitch Woolley, from Waitakere, was located by search and rescue teams in the Cascade Falls area near where they were swimming.
Fanene said the boys' families were "very distraught".
"We have been talking to the families of the victims of this tragic incident, and we are ensuring they are supported through what is an incredibly trying time.
"We are also making sure the three other young men who were caught up in this event are looked after, as this has been a very traumatic experience for them and their families.
"An incident like this is an awful reminder of the power and unpredictability of our natural environment."
It was not clear if the boys had been aware of the impending storm that struck the area yesterday, Fanene said. It was concerning that people had been out swimming when there had been warnings about sudden rainfall.
The Auckland Westpac Rescue Helicopter was called at 5.30pm to help with the search and rescue operation.
Pilot Rob Arrowsmith said he, crew member Ati Wynyard and intensive care paramedic Russell "Rusty" Clark initially believed they were rescuing two people who had been swept away - but on speaking with them realised there were another three missing.
The normally gentle Cascade Falls had swollen to look like "Huka Falls in a picturesque bushy valley", they said.
Worst in 30 years
A Piha park ranger said last night's torrential rain and flash flooding was the worst, and fastest, flood they have seen in 30 years on the job.
Roads were completely covered within half an hour, with cars swept along in the floodwaters, Auckland Council ranger Andy Peterson said.
Photo of the nearby flooding in Piha. Photo / Mark Kessner
A MetService weather station recorded 27.5mm of rain at Piha between 5pm and 6pm last night.
Another Waitakere weather station reported 43.5mm of rainfall in an hour.
A group of 20 people were trapped for three hours at Kitekite Falls near Piha yesterday. The falls are a short, easy walk from the carpark but a flash flood made the river impassable.
On Glenesk Rd, which leads to the falls carpark, about 100 people were evacuated from their homes.
Peterson told NZME it was "incredibly lucky" the tide had been out at the time, allowing the water to recede quickly.
Sixty people were evacuated by boat down the two-metre-high waters running down a Piha road yesterday evening.
The church group was taken from Piha Mill Camp, on Glen Esk Rd, by the surf club's inflatable rescue boat.
Camp owner Peter Kruger said the water in the Kitekite Stream rose up within half an hour as high as their knees, and it was all gone again within another 40 minutes.
Kruger said locals of 30 years have never seen the stream rise so quickly.
Piha's Deputy Fire Chief Ron Gorter said they were pushing floating cars off to the side of the road to allow the inflatable boat laden with evacuees down the street - or in this case, river - to safety.
A local for 25 years, Gorter says he's never seen the water rise so quickly.
They say the overflowing river rose one metre in 20 minutes.
A 150-metre stretch of Glen Esk Road was under two metres of water - up to the headlights of the fire truck trying to get through.
Gorter said the rain came down "really, really quickly".
"We got 10,000 litres in our water tank in half an hour, which is massive. It was a very intense weather pattern."
Kruger said the cleanup starts today after suffering significant cosmetic harm - but thankfully no buildings have any structural damage.
They say a few washing machines and dryers are gone, but the dormitories are completely unharmed.
The river is flowing calmly this morning but there is evidence of the floodwaters, with gravel and bush debris high on the riverbank and flax bushes sprawled across road signs.
The Piha community is now out in force beginning a tough clean up job.
An NZME reporter in the West Auckland village said there were tears, long faces and grimaces as neighbours checked on each other and offered hugs or a hand.
Cars are soaked through - doors flung open, seats still sodden. Many owners are too scared to try to start them.
Legislation that would allow adoptees secure information about their adoptions should pass through the Oireachtas by the end of the year if there is co-operation across the Dáil and Seanad, Minister for Children Katherine Zappone has said.
The Government has denied that the Adoption (Information and Tracing) Bill has been stalled, and Ms Zappone said their department would now engage with TDs and Senators to speed up its passage.
The Minister was speaking during statements in the Seanad last night on incorrect birth registrations.
It came a day after Ms Zappone revealed that up to 126 people whose births were incorrectly registered are to learn that their parents are not their birth parents.
The incorrect registrations were uncovered in an analysis of the records of the St Patrick's Guild adoption society and apply to people who had had their adoptive parents incorrectly registered as their birth parents on their birth certificates between 1946 and 1969.
Tusla, the Child and Family Agency, has allocated a social worker to each of the 126 cases. Its first task is to identify individuals involved and establish their addresses.
A helpline established following the disclosure had, as of yesterday afternoon, responded to 85 calls.
Statutory right
On foot of the controversy, Taoiseach Leo Varadkar and Ms Zappone were questioned about the passage of the Adoption (Information and Tracing) Bill. The Bill aims to provide an adopted person a statutory right to their birth certificate and information about their adoption order, even if this was years ago.
In the Dáil, Mr Varadkar apologised to those affected and denied the Government was stalling the legislation in question. They said the Government was a minority administration and they appealed to the Opposition to facilitate the legislation's passage through the Oireachtas.
Ms Zappone put forward similar arguments and said the “main thing” was that they wanted to “get this right”. The Bill was published in 2016 and has passed second stage in the Seanad and is awaiting committee stage.
“As we are all well aware, following our second stage debate, the Bill seeks to balance competing rights to identity and privacy, and getting the balance right is proving challenging,” Ms Zappone said.
“The Bill places the information and tracing service on a statutory footing for the first time.
“The Bill is of relevance to persons the subject of incorrect registrations as well as to adopted persons. My intention is that, with your support, the Bill will be enacted by the end of the year.”
In weighing up competing rights, Ms Zappone said: “We can't enact something that is perceived by the Attorney General to be unconstitutional.”
Serious questions
People Before Profit TD Richard Boyd Barrett said they were “adopted by St Patrick's Guild in the years affected”. While they said they were probably not personally affected, they said they and thousands of others had serious questions.
“The Adoption Rights Alliance and the Coalition of Mother and Baby Home Survivors are furious about this and they say this has been known for 20 years but that nothing was done about it. People spoke about it while in Opposition but later came into Government and did absolutely nothing about it.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
With snow still on the ground and temperatures set to plunge many schools across the Midlands have taken the decision to close on Tuesday December 12.
But, as the following list shows, most still believe that it is much too dangerous to reopen - meaning another day off for thousands of pupils.
If your child's school is not on the below list, then it is because a decision has not yet been made - most likely it will be decided on the morning.
Met Office Regional Forecast for West Midlands
Very cold tonight with icy stretches.
This Evening and Tonight:
Dry overnight with largely clear skies, although a little freezing fog patches may form. With light winds, there will be another widespread and severe frost with a risk of ice for many. Minimum temperature -12 °C.
(Image: @JNicholas316)
Tuesday:
Any freezing fog will lift to leave a fine and sunny morning. Sunshine will turn hazier through the afternoon but it should remain dry until evening. Staying very cold. Maximum temperature 2 °C.
Outlook for Wednesday to Friday:
Turning less cold and windier on Wednesday with rain or showers. Cold and sometimes breezy on Thursday and Friday with a mixture of sunshine and showers and overnight frosts.
Walsall Council took to Twitter on Monday evening.
They said: "This is what we know about Schools tomorrow. Some have confirmed (to us) they're closed. Where we state 'No details shared', it's where we haven't been notified, so please continue to check your school's website.
Closed
Arthur Terry School
Bishop Vesey's Grammar School
Bishop Walsh Catholic School
Erdington Academy, Erdington
John Willmott School, Sutton Coldfield
Plantsbrook School, Sutton Coldfield
St Edmund Campion RC School, Erdington
Sutton Coldfield Grammar School for Girls, Sutton Coldfield
Open
North Birmingham Academy, Erdington
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
WASHINGTON, DC--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - New Frontier Data, the authority in business intelligence for the cannabis industry, in preparing its upcoming annual report, The Cannabis Industry Annual Report: 2017 Legal Marijuana Outlook, delved into the staggering opioid epidemic plaguing the country. In 2013, the U.S. Medicare program spent nearly $2 billion on just three opioid drugs: OxyContin, Hydrocodone and Fentanyl. New Frontier Data has found, based on proven reductions in drug prescriptions among states with medical cannabis programs, that if medical cannabis was available nationally, the decreased Medicare expenditures on those three drugs alone would result in $220 million in savings for American taxpayers.
"The numbers are staggering: Opioid drug prescriptions in the United States have nearly tripled from 76 million to 207 million in the past 25 years, and today more than 2 million Americans are suffering from opioid abuse. In 2015, for the first time, drug-related deaths exceeded the number of fatalities from car accidents. No one can argue that Americans are not gripped by an opioid epidemic, and the research shows that prescribing medical cannabis has helped to reduce the overall number of opioid drug prescriptions," said Giada Aguirre De Carcer, CEO of New Frontier Data.
The National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine (NAS), in a report published last month, presents conclusive evidence that cannabis is effective in treating symptoms associated with chronic pain, the primary reason for which opioids are prescribed. Furthermore, a 2016 study by the University of Georgia found an 11% reduction in annual drug prescriptions in states with medical cannabis laws compared to those without medical cannabis programs in place. Likewise, based on Medicare disbursements from 2013, were that 11% reduction in daily prescriptions to hold and be applied nationwide against those three most-prescribed opioid drugs, it would represent a savings of $220 million to American taxpayers.
"More than 33,000 people died from opioids in 2015, the highest rate ever recorded," explained De Carcer. "Meanwhile, our military veterans suffer from chronic pain at twice the rates of the general population, and they are twice as likely to die from an accidental opioid overdose. They are currently unable to access medical cannabis without jeopardizing access to their VA health benefits. By lowering the expenditures on opioids, and by reducing the costs associated with treating opioid dependency, the Veterans Health Administration -- the nation's largest integrated healthcare system -- could equally benefit from massive savings."
About New Frontier Data:
New Frontier Data provides objective, rigorous and comprehensive analysis and reporting for the nascent and underserved cannabis industry. New Frontier's data and reports have been cited in over 45 countries around the world to inform industry leaders. New Frontier, the premiere Big Data shop in the sector looks beyond the plant cultivation and distribution, to raise the industry bar and improve visibility into what will inevitably soon be a mature and more complex industry. Founded in 2014, New Frontier is headquartered in Washington, D.C. and an additional office in Denver. For more information or media inquiries, please visit www.newfrontierdata.com or contact Gretchen Gailey at 202-489-3821 or ggailey@newfrontierdata.com.
Auckland Council rangers have been "gobsmacked" to find a rare native bat that decided to hang out at home in a Patumahoe.
A long-tailed bat - measuring just the size of a thumb and weighing around 10g - was found this week settled in the corner of a veranda in a property in the rural settlement, near Pukekohe.
Rangers dubbed it "Brad the bachelor" as the species are usually known to roost in trees, among colonies typically numbering from 10 to 50.
Auckland Council senior biodiversity advisor, Ben "the batman" Paris said the team was curious and hopeful about Brad's presence.
Advertisement
The long-tailed bat population is nationally critical - the same conservation status as our rarest birds - due to predators and deforestation. Photo / Auckland Council
The long-tailed bat population is nationally critical - the same conservation status as our rarest birds - due to predators and deforestation, so Aucklanders were lucky to get a glimpse of a bat – let alone have one tucked under their eaves.
"It's incredibly rare to observe this," they said.
"We're all a bit gobsmacked."
Paris surmised Brad could be a juvenile male who got kicked out of a maternal roost and hadn't joined up with a male roost for breeding season yet.
"This goes to show that the predator control that Whakaupoko Landcare has carried out in the area is having a positive impact on our indigenous biodiversity," they said.
"The great community-led pest-control work that has been undertaken as part of Pest Free Auckland is paying dividends."
The British Columbia-based Mackenzie Pulp Mill Corporation has pleaded guilty in provincial court and been fined $900,000 for improperly treating wastewater effluent before discharging it into Williston Lake, an area with active fish populations that fills the basin of the upper Peace River.
In a statement about the conviction, the federal government said that Environment and Climate Change Canada enforcement officers investigated incidents at Mackenzie Pulp Mill during July 2014 and September 2016, when effluent discharged from the bleached pulp mill was found to be harmful to fish habitat.
Mill officials in Mackenzie, B.C., pleaded guilty on April 19, 2018, to violating pollution-prevention provisions of the federal Fisheries Act.
In addition to the fine, which the federal government plans to use for the conservation of fish or fish habitat in the Omineca region of British Columbia, the company was also ordered to complete an independent audit of its operations to prevent similar future incidents.
Subscribe to our Newsletter! The latest environmental engineering news direct to your inbox. You can unsubscribe at any time. First Name *
Email * This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
As a result of the conviction, Mackenzie Pulp Mill's name will be added to the federal Environmental Offenders Registry.
The mill was sold to new ownership in 2010 after closing its doors in 2008, just months after the bankruptcy of U.S. forest company Pope and Talbot.
Related Course
Attend the Managing Water & Wastewater Issues training course at CANECT to learn about the regulatory framework around managing and troubleshooting common water and wastewater issues. This course is being held May 10, 2018 at the CANECT Environmental compliance and due diligence training event in Vaughan, Ontario. Visit www.canect.net for more information.
NEW YORK (AP) — Facebook has revealed for the first time just what, exactly, is banned on its service in a new Community Standards document released on Tuesday. It's an updated version of the internal rules the company has used to determine what's allowed and what isn't, down to granular details such as what, exactly, counts as a "credible threat" of violence. The previous public-facing version gave a broad-strokes outline of the rules, but the specifics were shrouded in secrecy for most of Facebook's 2.2 billion users.
Not anymore. Here are just some examples of what the rules ban. Note: Facebook has not changed the actual rules — it has just made them public.
CREDIBLE VIOLENCE
Is there a real-world threat? Facebook looks for "credible statements of intent to commit violence against any person, groups of people, or place (city or smaller)." Is there a bounty or demand for payment? The mention or an image of a specific weapon? A target and at least two details such as location, method or timing? A statement to commit violence against a vulnerable person or group such as "heads-of-state, witnesses and confidential informants, activists, and journalists" counts here too.
Advertisement
Also banned: instructions on "on how to make or use weapons if the goal is to injure or kill people," unless there is "clear context that the content is for an alternative purpose (for example, shared as part of recreational self-defense activities, training by a country's military, commercial video games, or news coverage)."
HATE SPEECH
"We define hate speech as a direct attack on people based on what we call protected characteristics — race, ethnicity, national origin, religious affiliation, sexual orientation, sex, gender, gender identity, and serious disability or disease. We also provide some protections for immigration status," Facebook says. As to what counts as a direct attack, the company says it's any "violent or dehumanizing speech, statements of inferiority, or calls for exclusion or segregation."
There are three tiers of severity, ranging from comparing a protected group to filth or disease to calls to "exclude or segregate" a person our group based on the protected characteristics. Facebook does note that it does "allow criticism of immigration policies and arguments for restricting those policies."
GRAPHIC VIOLENCE
Images of violence against "real people or animals" with comments or captions that contain enjoyment of suffering, humiliation and remarks that speak positively of the violence or "indicating the poster is sharing footage for sensational viewing pleasure" are prohibited. The captions and context matter in this case because Facebook does allow such images in some cases where they are condemned, or shared as news or in a medical setting. Even then, though, the post must be limited so only adults can see them and Facebook adds a warning screen to the post.
CHILD SEXUAL EXPLOITATION
"We do not allow content that sexually exploits or endangers children. When we become aware of apparent child exploitation, we report it to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC), in compliance with applicable law. We know that sometimes people share nude images of their own children with good intentions; however, we generally remove these images because of the potential for abuse by others and to help avoid the possibility of other people reusing or misappropriating the images," Facebook says. Then, it lists at least 12 specific instances of children in a sexual context, saying the ban includes, but is not limited to these examples. This includes "uncovered female nipples for children older than toddler-age."
ADULT NUDITY AND SEXUAL ACTIVITY
"We understand that nudity can be shared for a variety of reasons, including as a form of protest, to raise awareness about a cause, or for educational or medical reasons. Where such intent is clear, we make allowances for the content. For example, while we restrict some images of female breasts that include the nipple, we allow other images, including those depicting acts of protest, women actively engaged in breast-feeding, and photos of post-mastectomy scarring," Facebook says. That said, the company says it "defaults" to removing sexual imagery to prevent the sharing of non-consensual or underage content. The restrictions apply to images of real people as well as digitally created content, although art — such as drawings, paintings or sculptures — is an exception.
WELLINGTON, New Zealand — The Christchurch-based Crusaders can consolidate their place atop the Super Rugby table when they play the Hamilton-based Chiefs in an abbreviated 16th round, before the tournament breaks for June internationals.
The Crusaders moved five points clear in first place when they convincingly beat their closest rival, the Wellington-based Hurricanes, last weekend and have the chance to lengthen that lead and extend their winning streak to 10 games against the fifth-placed Chiefs.
The manner in which the Crusaders beat the Hurricanes, while missing six current All Blacks who were either injured or suspended, has led some commentators to declare it a certainty that the eight-time champions will win the title for the second straight year.
Coach Scott Robertson said the victory of a severely-depleted side over the star-studded Hurricanes "was just a very proud night in the Crusaders history."
"I think the fans weren't sure what to expect and that probably sums it up, the amount of emotion that was shown post-game," Robertson said.
They said the Crusaders are not taking for granted a win on Saturday in what appears an easier match against a Chiefs team heavily hit by injuries.
"The Chiefs have an extremely good scrum," Robertson said. "Given their injuries they have done a great job with the players that have come in for them - as have we, so it will be a great battle."
The Hurricanes must quickly recover from their poor performance against the Crusaders to keep pace with the tournament leaders three rounds from the end of the regular season.
Coach Chris Boyd said any lessons learned from the loss to the Crusaders would not be applicable to the Highlanders, who play a different type of game.
"They kick more than anyone else," Boyd said. "They're very good at strike play. They're quite prepared to say 'well you have the ball and we'll knock you over and you make the mistake and we'll pick it up and score.'"
WWE taped the following matches tonight in Boston for this week's Main Event episode:
* Kalisto defeated Curt Hawkins
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
Novak Djokovic may not be firing on all cylinders but the former world number one is safely through to the third round of the French Open.
The Serbian, seeded only 20th due to their recent injury absence, will now face Spanish 13th seed Roberto Bautista Agut after a straight-sets win over Jaume Munar.
Munar may be ranked a lowly 155th in the world but they made Djokovic work for every point in some lengthy and at times spectacular rallies.
The Spaniard, broken early on, broke back in the opening set only for Djokovic to race through the tie-break 7-1.
Munar occasionally had Djokovic scrambling throughout the next two sets with their fearsome shot-making, but the 2016 champion was able to post a 7-6 (7-1) 6-4 6-4 victory.
In a match held over from Tuesday Tomas Berdych, the 17th seed, was a first-round casualty after they were beaten by France's Jeremy Chardy in five sets.
Czech Berdych, a former Wimbledon finalist, came from two sets down to haul themselves level only to bow out 7-6 (7-5) 7-6 (10-8) 1-6 5-7 6-2.
Meanwhile, Marco Trungelliti's epic journey came to an end in the second round.
The Argentinian became the unlikely darling of Roland Garros after driving for 10 hours from Barcelona to Paris, with their brother, mother and gran, on Sunday in order to register in time as a lucky loser.
Trungelliti, the world number 190, then stunned the tennis world by beating former top-20 player Bernard Tomic to net themselves €79,000 in prize money.
However, the 28-year-old hit the skids in round two as they were beaten 6-1 7-6 (7-1) 6-1 by Italian Marco Cecchinato.
RESULTS
Men's singles first round
Jeremy Chardy (Fra) bt (17) Tomas Berdych (Cze) 7-6 (7-5) 7-6 (10-8) 1-6 5-7 6-2
Pierre-Hugues Herbert (Fra) bt Peter Polansky (Can) 6-3 4-6 6-2 6-2
Julien Benneteau (Fra) bt Leonardo Mayer (Arg) 2-6 7-6 (7-4) 6-2 6-3
Second round
(10) Pablo Carreno-Busta (Spa) bt Federico Del Bonis (Arg) 6-6 (7-0) 7-6 (7-2) 3-6 6-4
(13) Roberto Bautista Agut (Spa) bt Santiago Giraldo (Col) 6-4 7-5 6-3
(20) Novak Djokovic (Ser) bt Jaume Munar (Esp) 7-6 (7-1) 6-4 6-4
(26) Damir Dzumhur (Bih) bt Radu Albot (Mol) 6-3 6-3 5-7 1-6 7-5
(30) Fernando Verdasco (Esp) bt Guido Andreozzi (Arg) 6-3 6-2 6-2
Marco Cecchinato (Ita) bt Marco Trungelliti (Arg) 6-1 7-6 (7-1) 6-1
Sage Payments Solutions has already been providing finance options for small businesses. But that particular platform is now undergoing a rebranding, with the new tool going by the name Paya. In addition, Infusionsoft launched a new version of its own tool for marketing and consulting partners.
These are just a couple of the headlines from the past week that could have an impact on small business. Read on for more in this week's Small Business Trends news and information roundup.
Advertisement
Technology Trends
Sage Payment Solutions is Now Called Paya
Sage Payment Solutions has undergone a rebranding and it will be operating with its new name, Paya (pronounced pie-ya). The name change comes after the acquisition of the company in June of 2017 by GTCR for $260 million. As part of the rebranding, Paya will be focusing on innovation in the fintech segment and expanding its channel partner program.
Marketing Agencies and Consultants Save 25 Hours Monthly with New Infusionsoft Tool
Infusionsoft just launched a new tool that aims to help marketing agencies and consultants that work with small business clients. Partner Edition, as it's called, gives Infusionsoft partners a single platform to manage all their different clients and campaigns.
Intuit's Small Business Movie Shows the Power of Tech and AI for Every Small Business
I've started four companies and sold one. Starting and growing a business is challenging and hard. We entrepreneurs spend late nights pouring over paperwork, spend days working on client projects and spend weekends catching up and getting ready for the coming week.
New ezeep Dash Service Moves Small Business Printing to the Cloud
ThinPrint Cloud Services has a new solution called ezeep Dash which can move your entire print management system to the cloud. Printers and printer drivers can now be fully managed in one portal without a server while being able to print locally if there is no internet connection.
70% of Your Employees Bring Phone Chargers from Home Putting Your Small Business at Risk
More than two-thirds of employees are charging their phones at work with their own chargers, potentially compromising the safety of the office. This was the finding of an independent survey carried out by the power module supplier, CMD. The survey asked 751 members of the UK public which electrical devices they bring from home and charge at work.
Economy
Small Business Jobs Grow, Wages Increase in January
Small business job growth and wages increased in the first month of 2018, according to The Paychex | IHS Markit Small Business Employment Watch. While The Small Business Job Index was below the break even point of 100 at 99.88, it still marked a small increase over December of 0.18 percent. However, January's job growth rate is down compared to this time last year by 0.74 percent.
As Businesses Wait in Uncertainty, NAFTA Negotiations Slowly Creep Forward
U.S. negotiators are at last noticing some progress in trade negotiations with Mexico and Canada after months of work and six rounds of NAFTA talks. NAFTA Negotiations Update “We finally began to discuss some of the core issues, so this round was a step forward,” Robert Lighthizer, the U.S. representative, said during remarks after the talks concluded Monday.
Trump Addresses Small Business in State of the Union Address, But Leaders Say More is Needed
President Donald Trump noted small business and even invited two small business owners and one of their employees to sit with First Lady Melania Trump to watch the speech. Trump delivered their first State of the Union address on Tuesday night and spent a large portion of that time focused on the economy.
Franchise
Tax Cuts, Regulatory Reform Should Benefit Franchise Businesses in US, Report Says
Franchise businesses can look to 2018 with confidence and optimism, benefiting from a climate of tax relief and regulatory reform. This was the finding of the new Franchise Business Economic Outlook for 2018, which forecasts the franchise sector is strong and expected to grow at a faster pace than the rest of the U.S. economy.
Marketing Tips
Polarizing Brands Not Exactly Hurting, But Should Your Small Business Get Into the Act?
Morning Consult and its survey of 336,370 Americans has revealed the most polarizing brands in the country aren't exactly hurting for business. The top 10 brands are directly or indirectly related to the President, with Trump Hotels taking the number one spot.
Grumpy Cat Wins $710,001 in Trademark Lawsuit Against Small Beverage Business
Grumpy Cat — or at least the company behind the internet-famous feline — just won a major copyright and trademark infringement lawsuit against a beverage company that used the cat's name and image without permission. The family-owned beverage company, Grenade, actually had an initial agreement with Grumpy Cat Limited to sell a beverage called the Grumpy Cat Grumppuccino.
Retail Trends
Report Suggests Physical Retail Stores Must Create Experiences Customers Cherish
Is Costco, Sam's Club and BJ's Wholesale doomed? According to an article in the Washington Post, millennial and Gen Z shoppers –the future of retail — haven't warmed to the warehouse superstores in the way baby boomer and Gen X customers have.
Small Retailers, Google Drops Integration with BigCommerce, Others
The integration of BigCommerce, Magento, and PrestaShop with Google Merchant Center is going to be terminated on March 20, 2018. The news was reported via an email sent to BigCommerce retailers, reports Sales & Orders.
Sales
eBay Signs Deal with Adyen to Launch New Payment Processing Service
In a move to manage payment flow and simplify the end-to-end experience for sellers and buyers, eBay has signed an agreement with the leading global payments processor Adyen. By intermediating payments on its Marketplace platform, eBay (NASDAQ: EBAY) intends to improve the customer journey.
Zoho Transactions Approval Aims to Reduce Mistakes in Purchase Orders
A new feature called Transactions Approval from Zoho will lower or get rid of mistakes made during sales and purchase transactions within the Zoho Finance apps, the company says. With this new feature, you and your employees will be able to verify and approve transactions within Zoho Books, Zoho Invoice and Zoho Inventory apps.
Zoho CRM Blueprint Maps Out Process for Your Sales Team
Zoho's CRM Blueprint maps out a sales process designed to help businesses streamline and improve sales activities. Blueprint, Zoho's newest CRM feature, is aimed at efficiently aligning sales processes with CRM. Blueprint is also designed to ensure sales teams follow through with the streamlined process.
Small Biz Spotlight
Spotlight: Main Squeeze Juice Co. Seeks Natural Product Niche
More and more consumers are clamoring for products made with all natural ingredients. And when it comes to juices, smoothies and bowls, Main Squeeze Juice Co. obliges. The company fills an important need in a growing industry. Read more about it in this week's Small Business Spotlight.
Freelance
Fiverr Announces Acquisition Aimed at Freelancers and Sole Proprietors
Online freelancer marketplace Fiverr just announced its acquisition of AND CO, a services platform aimed mainly at freelancers and sole proprietors. AND CO's SaaS platform, which features invoicing, contracts and payments services, is now available for free as part of the acquisition. Previously, AND CO was available as a paid subscription.
Mastercard Inclusive Futures Project Creates Opportunities for Freelancers
Mastercard (NYSE: MA) is addressing the gig economy and next-gen workers with the launch of the Inclusive Futures Project. The project brings together digital companies to specifically generate products and services for this workforce, which now includes a wide cross-section of the population.
Social Media
Facebook's News Feed Armageddon Does't Have to be Bad, 10 Things Your Brand Should Know
Recently, Mark Zuckerberg, CEO of Facebook announced the end of the Facebook News Feed as we know it. In a nutshell, public posts from brands, pages and publishers are being diminished in a substantial way from the Facebook News Feed. Here are 10 things you need to know about the impending news feed Armageddon.
Startup
Unique Distillery Shows Why Location Can Still be Important for Small Manufacturers
About 95 percent of the world's bourbon is made in Kentucky. But now there's a new distillery in town — and it's specializing in something totally different. AMBRAbev is named for the mix it creates between Brazilian and American culture in its spirits.
Thinking About the Cannabis Industry? Here's some Data That May Be Helpful (INFOGRAPHIC)
Not too long ago, the marijuana business was considered illegal in most American states. Today, it's a fast growing industry, legal in several states across US. Not surprisingly, the number of “potpreneurs” is growing every minute.
IT Trends
New PaymentSpring Affiliate Program was Designed with Small Businesses in Mind
IT professionals can now participate in a new affiliate program geared toward their client's taking online payments. PaymentSpring just announced the product whereby IT pros like developers can sign their clients up for the payment processing gateway. They then earn a share of every payment through the program.
IT Downtime Costs Businesses $1.55 Million Per Year, Report Says (INFOGRAPHIC)
Whether small or big, technology downtime is a concern for all types of businesses. Cost of a Tech Fail According to a new report by Ireland-based IT solutions company, ERS IT Solutions, on average IT downtime costs businesses $1.55 million every year. Businesses do not only lose money due to IT downtimes.
Meltdown and Spectre Bugs Could Threaten Your Small Business's Computers
Nearly every computer manufactured in the past 20 years is affected by Meltdown and Spectre, two momentous computer bugs. And the rollout of the patches is not going well, leading an expert in the field to say it will take years for full implementation. One of those experts is Paul Kocher, who was part of the research team that discovered Spectre.
The Governing Council of Tai Solarin University of Education, Ijagun, Ogun State has announced Prof. Abayomi Adelaja Arigbabu as the substantive Vice Chancellor of Nigeria's premier and preferred University of Education: Tai Solarin University of Education, TASUED, Ijagun, Ogun State.
Prof. Arigbabu, who is a seasoned administrator and erudite scholar, has been on acting capacity since the expiration of the tenure of the erstwhile Vice Chancellor, whose 5-year tenure came to an end on January 10th, 2018.
Prof. Arigbabu's outstanding performance at the last interview was unparalleled, hence, qualifies theirs as the Vice Chancellor of the University, while their wealth of experience and intellectual fecundity will move the University forward.
The Governing Council, therefore, wishes them success in their new responsibility.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
— Gov. Roy Cooper vetoed a pair of hodgepodge policy bills Tuesday, signaling displeasure with the way one tied local government hands on storm water rules and another helped a well-connected state employee draw two state paychecks.
Both bills had some bipartisan support, but they were used during the recent one-day legislative session as catch-alls for leadership-backed proposals, some of which were unveiled that same day by the General Assembly's Republican majority. A conference committee member for House Bill 770, which was titled Various Clarifying Changes, {{a href="blogpost-1}}said they were never even involved in negotiating the bill's final details{{/a}} – it just came ready-to-go from leadership.
Senate Bill 16 contains a number of regulatory changes, touching on industries as disparate as the alarm business and gondola operators. Environmental groups objected to language that would roll back local governments' ability to require extra storm water mitigation when pre-existing developments get reworked.
The legislation says new control measures can be required based only on the amount of impervious surface added to the development, not on the full property.
"We should make it easier, not harder, for state and local governments to protect water quality," Cooper said in a veto message released shortly before 8 p.m. Tuesday.
Environmental groups also criticized other parts of the bill and thanked Cooper for their veto.
"Gov. Cooper's veto of Senate Bill 16 is a victory for clean water and property rights," Matthew Starr, the Upper Neuse Riverkeeper, said in a statement. "If SB16 became law, it would open the door for oil companies using eminent domain to build dangerous pipelines through the back yards of families across the state, and it would make it more difficult for communities to hold local landfills accountable for poor practices."
House Bill 770 moved money around among the state's mental health operators following cuts approved by the General Assembly earlier this year. Cooper complained that the legislature also gave itself two appointments to the state's Medical Board through the bill, which they called "an intrusion on executive authority."
The two sides have battled over separation of powers issues since before Cooper even took office. Republican leadership moved to limit the governor's appointment powers shortly after Republican Gov. Pat McCrory lost their re-election bid.
The House bill also included a little-noticed provision that would have allowed a former general counsel for the state Republican Party, who is now a full-time employee at the North Carolina Industrial Commission, to draw additional salary for serving on the state Property Tax Commission. Cooper said this "special pay benefit for one employee ... is unnecessary and unfair to other state employees."
Bill Peaslee, who works on both commissions, had been paid for both jobs under McCrory, but the Cooper administration stopped the tax commission checks, citing a state law against double-dipping.
The issue was not clear-cut, though, because of state code that treats the tax commission salaries differently from other state appointments. Senate President Pro Tem Phil Berger last week called the measure a clarifying one and said it's only fair to pay Peaslee for both jobs since they take time off from the Industrial Commission to attend tax hearings.
Legislators come back into session Friday, and Republicans hold veto-proof majorities in both chambers. No votes are expected until later next week, though, and legislators also have previous Cooper vetoes to deal with and new legislative maps to approve.
The official sod-turning on the redevelopment of O'Devaney Gardens was attended by large numbers of politicians, journalists and city council officials, and just a handful of current and former tenants.
Most of the 278 flats in the complex close to the Phoenix Park in Dublin 7, which were once home to more than 1,000 people, have been demolished.
The old community, scattered to other social housing throughout the city more than a decade ago, showed little interest in returning for the regeneration celebrations.
The 1950s estate was one of five housing schemes which were to have been developed under a public-private partnership between developer Bernard McNamara and Dublin City Council.
In a deal finalised in 2006, the developer would replace the flats with new social housing on part of the O'Devaney Gardens site, and would be allowed build private housing for sale on the remainder of the land, creating a new estate of more than 800 homes.
Property prices
Two years later, it became clear that property prices were dropping and the figures were not stacking up for the developer, with the profits from selling apartments not sufficient compensation for the cost of providing social housing, and they pulled out of all five regeneration projects.
However, at this stage, most of the flats at O'Devaney Gardens had been emptied in anticipation of redevelopment.
During the summer of 2008, the estate was the scene of several violent incidents that reached their peak in August when fighting after a wedding led to disturbances requiring several dozen gardaí to quell.
Most of the empty flats, which were repeatedly set ablaze during these incidents, were subsequently razed.
Speaking at the sod-turning ceremony for the first 56 homes on the new estate, which is expected to have almost 600 houses and apartments, Minister for Finance Paschal Donohoe recalled the 2008 collapse of the deal as a portent of the economic disaster to come.
Amidst those dark days those who paid the greatest price were those who were depending on projects like this to happen
“To see a project of that scale, that at that point had such apparent support behind it, collapse in the way it did on that fateful morning was a sign for me that we were about to get caught up in forces beyond our control,” they said.
“It was a sign for me of the dark days that unfortunately did arrive and amidst those dark days those who paid the greatest price were those who were depending on projects like this to happen.”
They said the Government was committed to ensuring that this time, the project went ahead.
In need of convincing
However, those who have paid the price of a decade of failed promises were less than convinced. Linda Hennessy, one of only three tenants still living at O'Devaney Gardens, will shortly move to a house nearby.
“I've been listening to this for years. I have a place to go to now, but it's taken forever, and living here in the last few years with my kids has been terrible.”
O'Devaney Gardens: Former resident Rose O'Connor said people would need to see homes built before they would believe any regeneration commitments. Photograph: Gareth Chaney Collins
Lorraine Douglas, who lives opposite one of the two remaining flat blocks, said the break-up of the community decimated the area.
People were promised that they could come back, but they're too long gone away now
“They should never have emptied the place. There are loads of space, they should have built first and then knocked down the flats. People were promised that they could come back, but they're too long gone away now.”
Former resident Rose O'Connor, who also still lives beside the flats, said people would need to see homes built before they would believe any regeneration commitments.
“Even now, things have been allowed to drift on. It was supposed to start last year, then it was this March, then it was April. Until those houses are standing there, until there's a community living here again, people aren't going to swallow any promises.”
A cold weather shelter for the homeless or heatless will be open Wed., Feb. 15 and Thurs., Feb. 16 at Ferris Hill Baptist Church, 6848 Chaffin St. in Milton. Those who would like to stay at the shelter must arrive between 6:30 and 8:30 p.m. No one will be admitted after 8:30 p.m. unless brought in by law enforcement. The shelter closes at 7 a.m. each morning.
Social Connections
Sign Up for Our Newsletter Your Name
Your Email
Enter the code from above.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
I wove through the sea of red, white and blue at Monday's parade in Clarks Summit, my thoughts focused on the reason for the holiday. Memorial Day is about honoring the men and women who lost their lives while serving in the U.S. military. But the casualties of war also include lives lost after veterans return home.
My thoughts drifted to a man I've never met but without whom I would not be alive.
My grandfather Norval was a World War II veteran who served in Northern Africa and France. Although they returned safely home after three years in the Army, a different battle awaited him, one that grew inside their mind and eventually claimed their life.
I realized how little I know about him. So I asked my mother to share some memories.
They described their father as a loner, introvert and hard worker who did a lot around the house, kept a garden and took good care of the yard. They were also a member of the local Methodist church.
“As we were growing up, it was always special that we all had dinner together … we each had our place around the table, and daddy would pray before we ate,” they remembered.
Some of their happiest memories with their dad are annual family camping trips, usually in the Adirondacks, visits to see their Aunt Rosie in Buffalo and the local firefighters's field days, which included parades, carnivals and fireworks.
Them father didn't talk much about the war, but when they did, it was after dinner around the table when they or one of their three siblings begged for stories.
My grandma Ida and Norval went to the same small school. Both were shy, but fell in love over time.
They were engaged just before they went into the service and married when they received an unexpected weekend pass.
After their return, they went on a belated honeymoon to Niagara Falls.
I wish I could end this story with “and they lived happily ever after.”
Although there were many happy days, as time went on, Norval retreated deeper into himself. They were worn down by always working long hours, only to never have enough. They worked toward earning a high school diploma through correspondence courses, but didn't have the money to finish.
My mom remembers sitting with them in the living room late at night doing their homework together.
Most evenings, however, they said they would come home from work, eat supper and go right to bed.
They were 16 when they died.
“The reason my dad took their life is because they had lost hope,” mom said.
No one knows whether or not their suicide had anything to do with their wartime experiences. But according to a U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) report released in 2014, the risk of suicide is 22 percent higher among veterans than civilian adults.
I found myself wishing on Memorial Day that I could tell my grandfather how proud I am of their service to our country and thank them for everything they gave me. And I found myself wishing I could tell other veterans who have lost faith and hope that both still exist, that there's still love in the world and that there's still reason to live.
Lifeline
An average of 20 veterans died by suicide each day in 2014, according to the VA. If you or someone you know is experiencing thoughts or warning signs of suicide, call the U.S. National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 800-273-TALK (8255). This free, 24/7 service provides suicidal people and those close to them with support, information and local resources.
One of Northern Ireland's largest employers is facing a proposed 300% duty on its exports of planes to the US amid an international trade dispute, the US government said on Friday.
A second preliminary levy of 80% has been loaded on the sales of aerospace manufacturer Bombardier.
The Canadian-owned multinational is already facing a planned 220% tariff on its aircraft as part of a separate investigation, the US Department of Commerce confirmed.
Bombardier employs more than 4,000 people at its Belfast factories and is due to begin delivering a blockbuster order for up to 125 new jets to Atlanta-based Delta Air Lines next year.
US commerce secretary Wilbur Ross said: “The United States is committed to free, fair and reciprocal trade with Canada, but this is not our idea of a properly functioning trading relationship.
“We will continue to verify the accuracy of this decision, while doing everything in our power to stand up for American companies and their workers.”
Prime Minister Theresa May had lobbied President Donald Trump over the dispute sparked by complaints from rival Boeing that Bombardier received unfair state subsidies from the UK and Canada, allowing the sale of airliners at below cost prices in the US.
Unions have warned thousands of jobs could be in jeopardy.
The US government said its intervention was prompted by concern to prevent “injurious dumping” of imports into the country, “establishing an opportunity to compete on a level playing field”.
The Commerce Department said Bombardier had failed to provide information requested.
It added: “The antidumping duty law provides US businesses and workers with a transparent, quasi-judicial, and internationally accepted mechanism to seek relief from the market-distorting effects caused by injurious dumping of imports into the United States.”
Dumping means the export of a product at a lower price.
The US government preliminary decision affects imports of 100-150 aircraft from Canada.
The department said it will instruct US Customs and Border Protection (CBP) to collect cash deposits of duties.
The wings for the new aircraft, which are due to be delivered to the US next year, are made at Bombardier's plant in the DUP stronghold of East Belfast.
The Northern Ireland party's 10 MPs are propping up the PM's minority administration in the House of Commons and are expected to play a crucial role during upcoming Brexit business in Parliament.
The alleged unfair subsidy arose after Northern Ireland's powersharing administration and the UK Government pledged to invest almost £135 million in the establishment of the C-Series manufacturing site in Belfast.
The programme also received one billion US dollars from the Canadian provincial government in Quebec in 2015 when its fortunes appeared to be ailing.
Boeing's complaint said it was seeking a “level playing field” for global competitors, but Bombardier accused its rival of hypocrisy.
Boeing says it is the world's largest manufacturer of military aircraft. Whether its payments from governments constitute a purely commercial matter is contested.
The C-Series operation's immediate future was thought to have been secured after Bombardier signed a 5.6 billion US dollar (£4.16 billion) deal in 2016 to provide the aircraft.
The manufacturer has been a major employer in Northern Ireland for 30 years.
Trade unionists expect a final ruling on the pricing policy to be made in February.
Kiwis captain Adam Blair has slammed Jason Taumalolo for snubbing New Zealand's World Cup campaign - saying a real man would have fronted up to coach David Kidwell and explained their decision to play for Tonga.
Blair is disappointed Taumalolo failed to advise management of their plans and says they and fellow Tongan defectors - Warriors centre David Fusitu'a, Parramatta back rower Manu Ma'u and Roosters forward Sio Siua Taukeiaho - have disrespected the Kiwis, Kidwell and New Zealand Rugby League, by jumping ship less than an hour before their World Cup squad was announced on Thursday afternoon.
"It's shattering because I'm passionate about New Zealand rugby league and I'm passionate about the Kiwis," Blair told Tony Veitch in an interview that will run at 12pm on Newstalk ZB.
"Maybe they don't feel the same way as some of the other boys about the jersey or our country or what we want to do.
Advertisement
"It was a hard pill to swallow and all of these boys have been in the team before and done a great job for New Zealand and a lot of faith was put back into them and they were about to be named in the Kiwis squad.
"So to be in the team and then call up the coach an hour before, it's a little bit disrespectful to New Zealand Rugby League and the coach himself."
The 31-year-old 41-test veteran is scathing of Taumalolo's lack of maturity in refusing to respond to calls, emails and text messages from Kiwis management and says they should have advised Kidwell weeks ago.
David Kidwell has been 'disrespected'. Photo / Photosport David Kidwell has been 'disrespected'. Photo / Photosport
"You've got to be a man and own up to what you want to do," they said. "If you were man enough, you'd make the phone call and tell them.
"I'm sure they would have had a feeling before they got selected in this team that they were going to do something like this. They could have told them a couple of weeks ago because I don't think it was a last minute decision. Obviously this was something they were thinking about doing."
Blair refuses to accept a statement from Taumalolo claiming they wanted to "give back" to Tonga and scoffed at suggestions the North Queensland forward is unhappy over the punishments imposed on former test captain Jesse Bromwich and back rower Kevin Proctor, who were stood down from the World Cup for disciplinary reasons following the Anzac test. Bromwich's younger brother Kenny is thrilled after being called in to the Kiwis as a replacement for the Cowboys forward.
"There's obviously something else behind Jason's move to play for Tonga," Blair said. "No-one's been in contact with them - the only person that's spoken to them was [Kiwis selector] Tawera [Nikau], who spoke to them after the grand final. So we don't know what their reasons were."
Blair is more certain that Taumalolo's influence was a huge factor in Fusitu'a's late withdrawal from the Kiwis after the 22-year-old had previously knocked back repeated approaches to represent Tonga.
Blair is set to join Fusitu'a at the Warriors next season after deciding to leave the Brisbane Broncos to take up a three-year-deal in Auckland.
"From what I heard, [Fusitu'a] was committed. I've heard stories that a lot of people were trying to get them to play for Tonga - again I heard they were still going to stay strong and play for New Zealand. Then half an hour before the team's announced, I find out that he's pulling out.
"Obviously Jason's a big voice. He's our best forward in the game in the NRL, he's of Tongan heritage, and I'm assuming they would have spoken to each other and made a decision amongst themselves to do what they did."
Blair tried to talk down the likelihood of fireworks erupting when the Kiwis face off against Tonga in what is shaping as a blockbuster pool clash at Hamilton on November 11.
However, they have major doubts over whether they could ever again play alongside Taumalolo and the others who have chosen to snub the Kiwis jumper.
"When you play a game of football, you rely a lot on trust and the brotherhood and the trust of not letting your mate down," they said.
"At this stage, it feels like we've been let down a lot. So do we let them back in the team?
"You're going to have to find some way to be able to trust them again but does that cause issues and problems that we don't need?
"We'll cross that bridge when we come to it but it's quite hard to even think about having people in there that have turned their back on the Kiwis."
• Catch Adam Blair's full interview with Tony Veitch on Newstalk ZB from noon today.
A single-vehicle crash cost an Aiken County teenager their life late last night, the Aiken County Coroner's Office confirms.
The victim, 16 year old Ny'Zarria Kitchings of Salley, was pronounced dead at the scene of the crash.
The accident happened on Hollow Creek Road near John Nunn Highway at about 11:30pm.
Kitchings was an unbuckled passenger in a 1999 Toyota.
The driver, Willie Albert Seawright, Jr., lost control of the vehicle and struck a tree while trying to evade police from the Salley Police Department.
The Aiken County Coroner's Office, South Carolina Highway Patrol and Salley Police Department are investigating the crash, and an autopsy is schedule in Newberry, SC for Kitchings.
Copyright 2017 WFXG. All rights reserved.
Foreign nationals are arrested during a targeted enforcement operation. Charles Reed / U.S. Immigration and Customs Enf ID: 10532767
A federal magistrate judge has ordered officials to defend the arrest of an undocumented immigrant who has protection from deportation during a raid last week, BuzzFeed News has learned.
Daniel Ramirez was detained by US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) in Seattle, Washington, on Feb. 10 and threatened with deportation despite being a recipient of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, also known as DACA, a lawsuit filed on Monday alleges.
On Tuesday, Magistrate Judge James Donohue asked the Department of Homeland Security and other respondents to address by Thursday morning whether Ramirez was still being detained and, if so, why, given that they were granted deferred action under DACA.
Donohue also asked federal officials to address whether Ramirez has been placed in removal proceedings, questions about any possible bond hearing for Ramirez, and what the court's authority is to order an Immigration Judge and the Board of Immigration Appeals to act.
A hearing on the matter was set for Friday.
“If petitioner is still detained and removal proceedings have not been initiated against him, what is the basis for ICE's authority to detain him?” Donohue asked. “What limitations are there, if any, on the Court's ability to hold a detention hearing for petitioner before the merits of their habeas petition have been decided?”
In a statement Rose Richeson, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement spokesperson, said Ramirez was detained because they were a “self-admitted gang member.”
“ICE officers took Mr. Ramirez into custody based on their admitted gang affiliation and risk to public safety,” Richeson said.
Ramirez was transferred to the Northwest Detention Center in Tacoma, Washington and was expected to face deportation proceedings with Department of Justice's Executive Office for Immigration Review, Richeson said.
Bryan Cox / ICE ID: 10532989
About 750,000 young immigrants — referred to as DREAMers (because of the protections sought for them by the DREAM Act) — were shielded from deportation and received work permits under President Obama's 2012 executive actions that de-prioritized the deportations of undocumented immigrants with no criminal records. DREAMers also got letters stating that any removal actions against them would be deferred for two years, during which they had permission to work.
Ramirez's lawyers allege that by detaining them despite them having the protections afforded by DACA, federal officials violated their due process and Fourth Amendment rights. They appear to be one of the first — if not the first — DACA recipient to be detained since Trump took office.
“In establishing DACA, the federal government created a clear and reasonable expectation among DACA recipients that they would be able to live and work in the United States without being subjected to arrest and deportation,” said Mark Rosenbaum, one of their attorneys. “Bait-and-switch sullies the integrity of our nation's core values.”
Trump has for months pledged to end DACA, calling it “one of the most unconstitutional actions ever undertaken by a president.” But they haven't made a move against the program, which remains on the books.
According to the lawsuit, Ramirez, 23, has twice been granted deferred action under the program and renewed their status on May 5, 2016.
Foreign nationals were arrested this week during a targeted enforcement operation. Bryan Cox / U.S. Immigration and Customs Enf ID: 10533005
“In granting Daniel DACA status, the federal government has twice determined — after intensive scrutiny — that they present no threat to national security or public safety,” said another one of Ramirez's attorneys, Theodore J. Boutrous, a partner at Gibson Dunn.
 They are joined in the lawsuit by Erwin Chemerinsky, Laurence Tribe, lawyers from Public Counsel, Barrera Legal Group, Hawkins Law Group, and Northwest Immigrants Rights Project.
Ramirez was asleep at their father's home in Seattle when ICE agents with an arrest warrant detained their father, the lawsuit states. Their father was allowed to reenter their home to tell their two sons about their arrest. It was when the ICE agents entered the home that they asked Ramirez, “Are you legally here?”
“Yes, I have a work permit,” Ramirez said, according to the lawsuit.
They declined to answer more questions and ICE agents took them to a processing center in Seattle and eventually booked into a detention center despite having been shown the work permit obtained through DACA, their attorneys said.
The lawsuit was filed against the Department of Homeland Security and ICE in US District Court for the Western District of Washington. In adding the warden of the Northwest Detention Center, where Ramirez allegedly is being held, as a respondent in the case, Donohue noted that “generally, the proper respondent in a habeas action is the warden of the facility where the petitioner is detained.”
Read the lawsuit: ID: 10532970
ENUGU—Enugu State International Partners on Health have commended Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State for their passionate, visionary and supportive roles towards qualitative, efficient and affordable healthcare delivery in the state.
In their separate remarks at the flag-off of the first round of the 2017 Maternal, New Born and Child Health, MNCH, week, which was performed by the governor, the international partners noted that Enugu State had been playing its role effectively in the exercise, which is aimed at reducing the high maternal, newborn and child mortality rates in the state in particular and the country in general.
Speaking, the state coordinator of World Health Organisation, WHO, Dr. Onyinye Emefiena, said Ugwuanyi had been ensuring that the routine immunization for new born and children under five years is strictly adhered to and that the health of their mothers is guaranteed.
Dr. Ibrahim Conte, the UNICEF Chief Field Officer, Enugu, stated that the organisation had under the present administration enjoyed tremendous goodwill and result-oriented partnership, which have resulted in the successes recorded in the state's health sector.
Gov. Ugwuanyi in their address stated that the programme was necessitated by the compelling need for their administration to focus attention on the unacceptably high maternal, newborn and child mortality rates in Nigeria and explore the most effective ways to address the challenge it poses to the whole society.
Tomas Hertl scored their fifth goal of the playoffs and the San Jose Sharks evened their second-round series against the Vegas Golden Knights with a 4-0 victory in Game 4. (Photo: San Jose Sharks)
By JOSH DUBOW
AP Sports Writer
SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) - Tomas Hertl scored their team-leading fifth goal of the playoffs, Martin Jones made 34 saves for their sixth career postseason shutout and the San Jose Sharks evened their second-round series against the Vegas Golden Knights with a 4-0 victory in Game 4 on Wednesday night.
Marcus Sorensen and Joonas Donskoi scored in the first period to allow San Jose to play from ahead and Joe Pavelski added a power-play goal in the third to help the Sharks rebound from an overtime loss at home in Game 3.
Marc-Andre Fleury made 30 saves and Vegas failed to convert on all five power-play chances to lose for the second time in eight games this postseason.
The teams have now alternated wins through four games, heading into Game 5 on Friday night in Vegas.
Each team has a shutout and an overtime win so far this series, which is now a best-of-three for a spot in the Western Conference Final.
Jones was sharp from the start, tying Evgeni Nabokov's record for most saves in a playoff shutout in Sharks history.
They robbed Reilly Smith early in the game and delivered big saves throughout. They were helped on a delayed penalty when Brent Burns cleared a puck off the goal line and when James Neal hit the post on a power play in the first period.
But they also delivered some big-time saves, including back-to-back stops against William Karlsson and Jonathan Marchessault on a Vegas power play in the final minute of the second period. Jones then turned aside Smith on a power play in the third.
Hertl helped give Jones a cushion with their goal early in the second. Logan Couture won an offensive zone faceoff against Erik Haula and Mikkel Boedker took the puck behind the goal for a wraparound attempt. Hertl was in front and knocked the loose puck in to make it 3-0.
Pavelski's goal on the rebound of Couture's shot sealed the game midway through the third.
The Sharks made some lineup changes from Game 3 with defenseman Joakim Ryan returning to the lineup for the first time since March 16 in place of Paul Martin and Donskoi getting back in after missing the previous game with a lower-body injury.
The moves paid off as the Sharks got off to the fast start coach Peter DeBoer was seeking. After an early giveaway led to a scoring chance for Vegas, Ryan fared well and stripped William Carrier of the puck to thwart a chance for the Golden Knights.
San Jose then scored twice in the final five minutes of the first period. Sorensen struck first, using a pick from linemate Eric Fehr to get loose from the corner and then skated around two defensemen to beat Fleury with their fourth goal of the playoffs.
The Sharks added to the lead with 5.1 seconds to go when Donskoi skated from their own zone and beat Fleury with a wrist shot from the high slot.
NOTES: Vegas had outscored the opposition 7-1 in the first period in the first seven games this postseason. ... Sorensen has five goals in 14 playoff games compared to six in 51 regular-season games.
More NHL hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
People from all over the globe are investing into the cryptocurrency boom. They are mostly right, the BitCoin is flying out proportion and there is big money to earn from this phenomenon. Those people that are investing into the alternative currencies are basically investing into the future. Huge money are now being earned on the grand scale and there is no foreseeable end to the craze that has been tied to the bitcoin gold explorer. This means that it is safe to even buy more. Specialists are recommending to pay attention to the alternative coins as well.
There is no point in placing all of your money in the same source. Just imagine if the BitCoin fails one day then all of the investments are gone under but if for example on invested in other coins too then most of the investments are going to be safe. The bitcoin gold block explorer allows a person to do just that — to see what other options there are and to choose from them at this point in time. Smart people that have been involved with the btg explorer from the very beginning have made quite a fortune in the end.
They are now happy to say to have quadrupled all of their investments from the start of this year. One can imagine that this is quite an achievement from an investors point of view. The btg blockchain allows various readings into the way that the system works and also to track where the money came from and where it is going to. Nonetheless, it does not allow any kind of personal tracking. Being anonymous stays at the core of this deal and there isn't anyone that could have any influence on the matter at hand. Learn more about the bitcoin gold blockchain as to be able to secure a complete privacy both on the web and in the real world.
The bitcoingold web explorer has been built around these principles and there are quite a few structures that have been supporting this claim. Reading information on third party sources is usually the best way as to obtain independent information regarding what is being done on this market at this point in time. More info btg hashrate is incoming and there is a gold trove for the people that love acting in a smart way.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Bearing Steel Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report CITIC steel, OVAKO, Sanyo Special Steel, Saarstahl, JFE Steel, Dongbei Special Steel, Kobe Steel, Carpenter Technology, Shandong Shouguang Juneng, Nanjing Iron and Steel, Benxi Steel Group, HBIS GROUP, Nippon Steel, Suzhou Steel GROUP, Baoshan Steel, Jiyuan Iron and Steel Group, Aichi Steel.
The report begins with introducing the global Bearing Steel market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Bearing Steel report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-bearing-steel-market/5891/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Bearing Steel Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: High-carbon chromium bearing steel, Carburizing bearing steel, Others.
Bearing Steel Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Bearing rings, Rolling body, Cage, Others.
Key points in the Bearing Steel Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-bearing-steel-market/5891/#inquiry
From all of this Bearing Steel market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Bearing Steel market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Bearing Steel distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Smart Cash Registers Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Hisense, IBM (Toshiba), NCR, Zonerich, Firich Enterprises, Posiflex, Wincor Nixdorf, Partner, WINTEC, SED Business, Ejection Technology, CITAQ, Flytech, Elite, NEC Corporation, Guangzhou Heshi, Panasonic, Shangchao Electronics, Fujitsu, Jepower, APP STAR, Elo Touch, Sunmi, Landi.
The report begins with introducing the global Smart Cash Registers market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Smart Cash Registers report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-smart-cash-registers-market/5933/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Smart Cash Registers Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Single Screen, Double Screen.
Smart Cash Registers Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Retailing, Catering, Others.
Key points in the Smart Cash Registers Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-smart-cash-registers-market/5933/#inquiry
From all of this Smart Cash Registers market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Smart Cash Registers market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Smart Cash Registers distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
The owner of a restaurant and cafe in west Auckland has been left shocked by a racist note left on the windscreen of their wife's vehicle.
"This is NZ Not Your country our land our carpark !!" the note said, in English but broken by the lack of punctuation.
It was left on the windscreen of Parviz Khorakchi's wife's car last Saturday morning, while they were busy working away at the family restaurant, Arum Restaurant, in Kelston, west Auckland.
Khorakchi, moved to New Zealand from Iran with their wife and two children, a boy and a girl, in early 2003. They say this is the first time they have ever encountered racism in New Zealand.
Advertisement
The family came in search of a better life and a brighter future for the children and, the dad says, they found it.
For the past 15 years, New Zealand has been this family's home and they say they never felt like outsiders and were always made to feel like part of the community.
"My boy and girl are adults now but they grew up here, went to school here, they are Kiwis," they say, still shaken by the incident.
"This is so disappointing, we are so upset," they add.
"We park in that spot all the time, this had never happened before."
Khorakchi does not know who left the note and suspects it is fueled by jealousy. "Some people are jealous. We work seven days a week," they told the Herald.
The restaurant owner says the family work hard at the business, all week, despite a problem with their right leg making it difficult for them to walk with ease.
"I work hard, I don't expect government help, we are all New Zealand citizens and we never did anything wrong to the country, which is why this is really upsetting."
Khorakchi shared the note on Instagram and was met by support from fellow social media users.
"I've known you over 10 years you are more Kiwi than most," someone commented.
"We are all human beings," someone else said.
Natural gas drilling and agricultural pests were just two items tackled Tuesday by the Santa Barbara County Board of Supervisors.
The dais had only four members, as Supervisor Salud Carbajal was attending President Barack Obama's speech on climate change in Washington, D.C.
The most controversial item was approved 4-0 by the supervisors, and would allow the Southern California Gas Co. to drill from its existing plant for natural gas and store the gas on the La Goleta Storage Field, which the company has operated since 1941.
The decision would allow the company to drill and operate up to four wells for production, without the use of hydraulic fracturing, of natural gas at the La Goleta site in order to expand gas storage capacity.
The drilling would take two years, after which the drilling would stop, according to company representatives.
Despite reassurances from company reps that vibrations, pollution and traffic would not increase in the area, about 20 people spoke in opposition to the project, most of them neighbors of the Rancho Goleta Mobile Home Park.
“It only takes one accident to release hazardous toxins,” said Nanke Elliott, adding that putting in the new structures is “asking for trouble.”
The San Bruno explosion was brought up multiple times, as was a hydrogen sulfide leak that occurred at Venoco Inc.'s Ellwood Processing Facility several years ago.
In the end, Supervisor Janet Wolf, whose district the project is in, said they understood the concerns but would approve the project because of the company's safety record.
“I know many of you are going to leave here disappointed, but I want you to know that your voices have been heard,” they told the audience.
The board also received an update on the county's pest control strategies key to agricultural products.
The Asian citrus psyllid is an insect about the size of a grain of rice and serves as a carrier for the disease huanglongbing, a fatal disease of citrus plants that has no cure.
The first Asian citrus psyllid was found in Santa Maria last November, and the entire county is under quarantine to protect the 1,400 acres of citrus that grow here — a $10.4 million industry.
As produce is exported from other countries so are some pests, which can be devastating to produce in the region.
Among those pests are the light brown apple moth and stinging nettle caterpillar, one of which was recently intercepted on produce coming from Hawaii to a local address.
Also under discussion were the soil fumigants used in commercial strawberry production, and concern was raised about the chemicals used that could be contributing the die-off of bees and pollinators in the area.
Several speakers from the Santa Barbara Beekeepers Association spoke, urging the supervisors to pursue alternative treatments to pesticides.
The board was also scheduled to consider creation of a draft ordinance to limit single-use plastic bags, but because Supervisor Carbajal was absent, the board agreed to tackle it at next Tuesday's meeting.
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: China shakes up 2,000-year-old salt monopoly
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Meet Peter Prevc, the first ski jumper to jump over 250m, who has the expectations of Slovenia on their shoulders at the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang.
WATCH MORE: From death threats to autographs - speed skater Christie's South Korean turnaround
Watch live coverage of the Winter Olympics across BBC TV, website, app and Red Button services.
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — Police in Ohio's capital city say two officers who fatally shot a black man last summer followed department policy on using force.
Columbus police on Wednesday announced the review board's findings about the conduct of officers Samuel James and Marc Johnson in the shooting of 30-year-old Kareem Ali Nadir Jones last July .
Police say they spotted Jones walking between cars and behaving erratically, then fired when their behavior escalated into a perceived threat. Police say body camera video shows Jones reaching for a gun in their waistband.
Their sister has said they think Jones was trying to toss the gun.
Advertisement
The officers weren't charged but face a lawsuit alleging the shooting was unjustified and they conspired to provide misleading information about what happened.
The local police union has denied those allegations.
Uranus smells like rotten eggs, according to research released this week. But the cold will kill you before the smell. NASA
PRESS RELEASES
Casino games provider's entire portfolio made available through Twelve40 platform
24 April 2018: Leading lottery and instant win provider Twelve40 has penned an agreement with Wazdan to integrate the provider's entire games portfolio into its proprietary platform.
Wazdan content including video poker, table games and more than 100 video slots such as Wild Guns and Dracula's Castle will be made available to Twelve40's partners under the terms of the deal.
The partnership will also provide Twelve40 with access to Wazdan's catalogue of added value video slot features, including Volatility Level™, Double Screen Mode, Unique Gamble Feature and Energy Saving Mode.
Nigel Renouf, Business Development Director at Twelve40, said: “Elevating the services that we offer to our platform partners is a key consideration for Twelve40, and bringing on board Wazdan's premium collection of top performing slot titles and casino games is a big step in the right direction.
“We have been impressed by the consistency and quality of their delivery, and we look forward to enjoying a long and productive relationship.”
Lauryn Duncan, Sales and Business Development Manager at Wazdan, said: “We are delighted to be bringing our growing collection of engaging video slots to Twelve40's partners, a real marker of our progress as we grow our global footprint.
“With a perfect combination of entertaining themes and exhilarating bonus features, they are sure to boost acquisition and retention in markets all over the world.”
This latest agreement continues the extension of Twelve40's platform, having recently integrated Spiffx sports betting games and VSoftCo virtuals.
Twelve40 delivers a turnkey lottery and instant win gaming solution that offers unparalleled flexibility and speed to market, powering many leading operators worldwide.
About Twelve40
Twelve40 provides innovative lottery platform solutions, ideal for white label or new operators, as well as existing paper ticketed or online operators through a simple, hassle-free integration. Regulated in Jersey and with the aim of empowering customers with innovative lottery and gaming entertainment, Twelve40's lottery platform is behind a number of renowned providers worldwide. Twelve40 is disrupting the lottery market with progressive entertainment for demanding new generations, and as part of this evolvement have most recently developed blockchain based, crypto currency enabled lottery games. Twelve40 also offers a wide selection of proprietary instant win games, as well as third party titles, through a series of integrations with leading software providers.
About Wazdan
Wazdan is a popular game producer, developing innovative casino games that deliver original, fun and truly omni-channel player experience. Offering an extensive game library of over 100 HTML5 slots, table games and video pokers, Wazdan is gaining popularity on the iGaming market thanks to the great quality of their games, interesting themes and engaging gameplay. Wazdan's game portfolio consists of such popular titles as Great Book of Magic Deluxe, Magic Target Deluxe, Valhalla and Wild Guns and soon will be extended with new amazing slot games, including Los Muertos™, Mayan Ritual™ and Captain Flynt™, among others. Wazdan releases new, exciting titles on a regular basis and equips them with Unique Wazdan Features: innovative Volatility Level™, exciting Unique Gamble Feature and mobile-friendly Energy Saving and Double Screen Modes.
Their extensive portfolio of clients includes some of the top gaming operations in the industry. The company is headquartered in Malta and holds licenses issued by the UKGC, the MGA and complies with Curacao regulations. Furthermore, their games use the RNG certified by the NMi, which ensures reliable, fair and secure gameplay. Wazdan's Sales Team will be in Macao for G2E Asia in May.
Comments
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Actors have labelled audience members ignorant after they cheered England on in the World Cup penalty shoot-out in the middle of the poignant lifeboat scene in a stage production of Titanic.
The cast members of the tragic love story hit out after two women in the front row cheered every goal as Gareth Southgate's team beat Colombia on penalties last night.
Nottinghamshire Live reports that Kieran Brown and Niall Sheehy, who are currently starring in the musical production at the Theatre Royal, claim to have seen and heard two women "clearly watching football".
According to Niall, who plays Frederick Barrett in the critically-acclaimed show, the audience members could be heard saying "Yes!" after each England penalty was scored.
(Image: Scott Rylander)
They tweeted: "To the two women in the front row tonight who not only followed the penalty shoot-out on their phone, but also said 'yes' on each goal scored, you are the most ignorant audience members I have ever had the misfortune to perform in front of.
How you can make your yellow lawn green again during the heatwave
They added in a second tweet: "And when a cast member signalled put your phone away during the bows and you smiled, gave a thumbs up and replied 'I know - we won!' I think you may have let us all know you are the stupidest woman on the planet.
"Please avoid attending any future theatrical productions."
Their co-star Kieran, who portrays William McMaster Murdoch, also took to Twitter to express their outrage, saying they were "dumbfounded".
They said: "Dumbfounded. Two ladies, one older, one middle aged, slap bang front row clearly watching football on phones during the most poignant moment of lifeboats scene, cheering and giggling like stupid schoolgirls.
"To say I'm raging is an understatement! They should be marched out in disgrace!"
A spokesperson from the Theatre Royal and Royal Concert Hall confirmed that the audience had been asked to turn off their phones before the production began, as is the practice with most shows.
East Midlands Airport slammed for 'ridiculous' border control queue in the sun
They said: "We're sorry to hear that two audience members last night showed such disrespect by watching their phone during a performance, not only to the actors on stage but also to other audience members.
"Our flight attendants are always vigilant, but we also rely on people using their common sense."
Titanic: The Musical runs at the Theatre Royal until Saturday, July 7. Tickets from 0115 989 5555 or trch.co.uk.
When Junko Iizuka was 16 years old they were taken on a trip to the countryside. Now in their late 70s and in poor health, they dimly recall enjoying a picnic of rice balls before being led into a clinic and told to lie on a bed. When they awoke their insides had been mutilated.
Unknown to them a committee had decided that they should never have children. Similar sterilisations were performed on about 25,000 people under a now defunct eugenics law, mainly from the 1950s to the 1970s. Most were done without consent. The youngest subjects were nine years old.
Japan passed the Eugenic Protection Law of 1948 to prevent the birth of “defective descendants”. The law honed in on people with hereditary disorders such as epilepsy, depression, schizophrenia or learning disabilities.
Prefectural governments across the nation set up eugenic protection review boards. Local doctors reported cases of suspected disabilities. Coercion, restraint and deception were authorised for the non-compliant. Boards sometimes rubber stamped requests with little discussion.
Women had their Fallopian tubes tied; men were given vasectomies. Prefectural boards competed to fill quotas. One commemorated the milestone of surpassing 1,000 surgeries, according to the Waseda Chronicle, an online investigative newspaper that has dug up records of board discussions.
One-child policy
Eugenics policies flourished across the world in the early 20th century, mostly targeting those deemed unfit (or too poor) to have children. The practice continued for years as part of population controls: China, for example, is thought to have pushed millions of people into sterilisation since its one-child policy was introduced in the 1980s.
Two decades ago Sweden agreed to compensate some of the 63,000 people sterilised under its policy of “ethnic hygiene”, which lasted until 1974. Norway and Denmark ran similar programmes, as did some American states: North Carolina, which sterilised thousands of mainly black and poor people, became the first US state to offer compensation in 2013.
However, Japan's government appears to be digging in for a fight. With no apology in sight, at least four compensation claims have been filed by victims of the eugenics law, which was repealed after an outcry in 1996.The Health, Labour and Welfare Ministry says the sterilisations were legal at the time, when the nation was struggling with myriad social problems, including overpopulation.
One woman filed a suit at a local court in March, demanding 11 million yen in damages. Them Fallopian tubes were tied in 1972 after they were diagnosed with “hereditary feeble-mindedness”. A plaintiff in a separate suit, Saburo Kita, was taken to a hospital, aged 14, given a local anaesthetic and a vasectomy.
Legal experts
More lawsuits are on the way. A hotline set up this month by a team of legal experts has attracted dozens of calls from victims of the programme. After dragging its feet, the government has announced it is setting up a working group to look into the claims.
Many records have been destroyed, but those that remain are likely to be incriminating. One member of a local eugenics board meeting in 1979, for example, questioned the ethics of the practice, according to the Waseda Chronicle. “I think it's wrong for us to decide that one cannot give birth just because one is stupid – bearing a child is a basic right,” said the member. The surgery was authorised anyway.
Disabled people fear the sentiments that drove the law linger in Japan. In 2016, a former care worker, Satoshi Uematsu, stabbed 19 people to death at a care home for the disabled outside Tokyo. Uematsu had written a letter to a politician demanding legislation to have disabled people euthanised.
Iizuka's fate was sealed in 1962 by a report from a local welfare official accusing them of theft. Like many victims, they were never told what happened. They began to suspect when they got home from the hospital and rolled over on the floor in pain. They didn't get their hands on their case files until they were 55 years old.
Anger keeps them going, they say. They will not rest until there is a full account of what happened. “My life has been destroyed since that day. I cannot die in regret.”
St. Louis suspect who pointed gun, drove at officers sought
ST. LOUIS (AP) — St. Louis police are searching for a man who allegedly pointed a gun at officers and drove at them in their car, prompting one officer to shoot at the man.
The incident happened Monday night in north St. Louis. Police say the driver was not hit by gunfire. They drove away, leading to a brief chase before police called it off.
Police say the incident began when officers pulled over a car for having no taillights. As officers approached, the suspect allegedly put the car in reverse, hit a parked car, then drove toward the officers with a gun in their hand.
One of the officers fired a shot that did not strike the suspect.
A pig farming business has won High Court permission to challenge the exclusion of a planned £25m power plant from the Renewable Heat Incentive scheme.
AA McGuckian was granted leave to seek a judicial review over being told the facility envisaged for its site in Cloughmills, Co Antrim was not eligible for subsidy.
Proceedings against the Department for the Economy will now advance to a full hearing before the end of October.
The agri-food company planned a major combined heat and power (CHP) plant accredited to the RHI scheme.
Bosses say they spent more than £500,000 in securing planning permission, employing consultants and obtaining finance for a project with an estimated cost of £20-£25m.
Subsidies were to be provided under 2015 regulations dealing with CHP installations, according to the McGuckians case.
But in June last year the company was informed that their plans would not be eligible for RHI funds.
Financial assistance could not be provided because there was no European Union approval for the regulations.
Paying subsidies in those circumstances would breach state aid rules, the Department contends.
Lawyers representing the McGuckians went to court seeking a declaration that situation is unlawful.
Stewart Beattie QC claimed the Department was operating in a “twilight zone” where legislation was not properly brought into force.
Counsel representing the Department responded by describing the firm's case as fundamentally flawed.
Paul McLaughlin insisted it would be a breach of European law to grant accreditation without the necessary EU state aid approval.
However, Mr Justice McLaughlin held that the company had established an arguable case.
They identified issues about the legal power to accredit as being the “elephant in the courtroom”.
Outside court the McGuckians' lawyer Brian Moss, of Worthingtons Solicitors, said they were delighted at clearing the first hurdle in the legal challenge.
Mr Moss added: “At the heart of this case there's an issue about the the Department making a law passed by resolution of the Assembly which has no force or effect.”
The Ulster Unionist Party has announced it will ‘strongly and vehemently' oppose any efforts by DAERA to begin charging farmers for their first TB test each year.
Contained within the current public consultation on eradicating Bovine Tuberculosis (bTB) is a proposal that the cost of the first annual herd test would be passed to each farmer.
The party's agriculture spokesperson Robin Swann MLA said tackling bTB has supposedly been a Government priority for years now, yet the situation locally is still only getting worse rather than better.
They continued: “The current DAERA consultation includes a number of new measures intended to tackle the disease. It couldn't have come soon enough as bTB continues to blight our local agricultural industry.
“The discovery of a reactor is often a hammer-blow to the operation of any farm business and for years now there has been an appalling head in the sand attitude from consecutive Agriculture Ministers at Stormont.
“That is why I am particularly frustrated that DAERA have decided to use the opportunity to introduce what is nothing more than an underhanded money raising ploy. If the Department get their way local farmers will be charged £54.50 for the first animal tested and £2.50 for all others up until 100. Given the average size of a herd in Northern Ireland is 82 that means local farms will typically have to pay £257 each and every year moving forward.
“I would have slightly more sympathy for the Department if we could be sure that the savings being made were going to be redirected towards other measures aimed at tackling the disease, but we know that just won't happen. Even if they came out today and said that this would be the case, I still wouldn't believe them – there are dozens of examples across Government Departments where money was supposedly raised for one thing but then spent on something entirely different,” added Mr Swann.
“I understand the Department is under pressure financially – just like all the others – but instead of trying to fill the gap by charging farmers, the more reasonable thing to do would be to reduce their shocking administrative costs.
“Until DAERA can prove that it is actually determined to make significant progress to wiping out the disease it is wrong for them to try to pass the responsibility of paying for the disease onto hard-pressed farming families.
“I'm also aware that there are some within the industry suggesting an annual levy of £1-£3 per animal, but again my experience of working with DAERA and other Executive Departments is that this would simply be a cloak to raise additional income each year. If we are not careful farmers could very easily end up talking themselves into a mandatory levy but with absolutely nothing in return.
“Eradication of bTB will never be achieved with piecemeal efforts and unfortunately I remain to be convinced that DAERA are approaching this issue with the right attitude and priorities. This is an important opportunity to get the right approach to tackling TB. We can't afford to let it slip by, but equally we can't afford to let DAERA get away with nothing other than money raising ploys.”
MADRID (AP) " Zara fashion store owner Inditex says net profit jumped by 18 percent in the first quarter of its fiscal year thanks to booming sales and continued expansion.
The world's largest clothes retailer said Wednesday net profit for February through April was 654 million euros ($734 million), compared with 554 million for the period last year. Sales rose 14 percent to 5.6 billion euros.
Inditex said all its brands increased their international presence with new physical and online stores, including four new Zara online operations in Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore and Vietnam.
Founded in 1975 by Amancio Ortega, Inditex operates eight brands including Massimo Dutti, Bershka and Pull & Bear. It has 7,385 stores.
Advertisement
Company shares were down 1 percent at 36 euros in early trading in Madrid.
Thousands of free tickets to be released to the Whitsundays.
IN AN amazing gesture, the North Queensland Cowboys have donated 3000 free tickets to the Whitsunday community.
If they weren't already heroes in this part of the world, they are sure to have just stolen a few more hearts after already visiting the cyclone stricken region earlier this month.
Some 3000 lucky Whitsunday residents will have the opportunity to go to Townsville to watch the Cowboys take on the Newcastle Knights this Saturday night.
Mayor Andrew Willcox said the Cowboys donated the tickets to the Whitsunday community after the devastation caused by Cyclone Debbie.
"The support shown by the Cowboys with their recent visit and now the donation of 3000 free tickets is absolutely incredible; I can't tell them how much this lifts the morale in our communities,” they said.
"There are so many people still doing it tough with disruptions to the normal way of life while the recovery continues so having the opportunity to attend a Cowboys match will be a welcome distraction.
"Council will ensure there are a proportionate amount of tickets available for the four major Whitsunday Region townships and the smaller localities surrounding those townships, allowing a fair share of residents across the region the opportunity to attend the match.”
North Queensland Toyota Cowboys CEO Greg Tonner said the donation of tickets was a way to let families and hundreds of dedicated emergency services personnel know that they haven't been forgotten during the cyclone recovery phase.
"We share in the highs and lows of our fellow North Queenslanders, and want to be able to give our neighbours, who have been through so much, a chance to relax and enjoy a night at the football,” Mr Tonner said.
Residents who want a chance to get the free tickets need to visit these locations between midday Wednesday, April 19 and midday Thursday, April 20. Tickets will be allocated on a first in best dressed basis.
LOCATIONS
- Cannonvale TAFE - Shute Harbour Road - between 9am-4:30pm
- Proserpine Library - 12 Main Street - between 8:15am-4:45pm
- Bowen Library - 67 Herbert Street - between 8:15am-4:45pm
- Collinsville Library - Cnr Stanley & Conway Streets - between 8:15am-4:45pm
There will be a limit of six tickets per person and all people attending will need to provide their full name, date of birth, email address, phone number and address including post code at the time of collection.
You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration.
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time.
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page.
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
0:37 Tax commissioner shows cramped quarters
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
0:57 Police officer donates bike to help Warner Robins man with their daily commute
1:33 Chance Jones credits assistants for first-year success
5:44 Industrial Authority takes over bringing new industry to Macon-Bibb
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
1:16 Mercer engineering students create cool rides for kids with limited mobility
Shaikh Mohammad Bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Vice-President and Prime Minister of the UAE and Ruler of Dubai, presents the trophy to Maryam Suleiman Al Zeyoudi, Arabic Language, Al Massa Secondary School, winner of Emirates Innovative Teachers Award at World Government Summit in Madinat Jumeirah, Dubai.
Dubai: Emirati teacher Mariam Rashid Al Zeyoudi was announced the winner of the Dh1 million Emirates Innovative Teachers Award during the second day of the World Government Summit on Monday.
The teacher from Al Massa High school in Dibba, Fujairah was awarded by Their Highness Shaikh Mohammad Bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Vice-President and Prime Minister of the UAE, and Ruler of Dubai.
The award strives to adopt the most effective steps to support the education sector that complements the national strategy of 2021.
“I feel like any teacher would who has reached a platform of excellence, and I thank God for that,” Al Zeyoudi told Gulf News after receiving the award. Describing the award as one of the biggest honours in the education sector, Al Zeyoudi said they feel that their contribution to teaching Arabic language is one of the main reasons that landed them the award. “The award is a big honour but also a responsibility and I must say I have a little anxiety thinking of all the contributions I am yet to present,” they said.
The winner also highlighted the common misconception that Arabic language is far from modernisation and innovation. “I want to deliver the message to everyone that Arabic language will be in the forefront of innovation,” they added.
Al Zeyoudi, who carries a master's degree and 4.0 GPA, has created several interactive and innovative initiatives to reconnect youth with the Arabic language. They include the Arabic language academy, the teacher's smart card initiative, the ‘Start' initiative, and has worked on improving the structure of exam schedules among many more.
Commenting on the win, Dino Varkey, Managing Director of GEMS education, told Gulf News the award, which is in its second year, is a signal from the leadership of the UAE on how important education is.
“In that aspiration, the UAE leadership aims to ensure that everyone has access to quality education, and that the teacher is the most important driving factor,” they said.
Varkey said the award aims to be a signal to everyone that teachers are still valued within the society and certainly within the UAE. “We are proud at where the award has got to over the last two years, and we hope that its sustainable and continues year after year,” they added.
Varkey further explained that the award's criteria were based on the criteria from the Global Teacher Award worth $1 million, launched by GEMS charity partner, the Varkey Foundation.
“The ministry of education has been hugely active in ensuring that the teachers were selected and filtered, as well as the final award winner, are all worthy recipients of the award and all the responsibilities that it brings,” they said.
Participants in the award were self-nominated or nominated by others, and were requested to submit an essay along with evidence of their achievements to the jury. “Teachers were asked to talk about their attitude to learning, and their evidence of how they've been able to drive innovation and improve the outcome for students,” said Varkey.
Airlines won't be forced to disclose price of baggage fees Airlines won't be forced to disclose the price of baggage fees up front to travelers shopping for tickets under a federal move that sends an Obama-era proposal packing. The Trump...
Soldier claims United charged them $200 for military duffel United Airlines forced a US soldier returning from 21-month deployment to Afghanistan to fork over $200 for an overweight bag – which contained a Kevlar vest, two helmets and boots,...
United passenger claims trip was canceled for filming dispute The headaches for United Airlines continue with yet another recorded confrontation, but this time a passenger claims the airline canceled their flight for filming a dispute. Navang Oza, 37, said they were checking...
NEW YORK (AP) — New York City's deadly helicopter crash has prompted the National Transportation Safety Board to call on federal regulators to prohibit commercial flights that use passenger harness systems that do not allow for easy release.
The NTSB's recommendation on Monday comes after last week's helicopter crash in the East River. Five passengers who couldn't free themselves from their harnesses drowned. The pilot escaped.
The Federal Aviation Administration on Friday temporarily grounded open-door flights involving restraints that cannot be quickly released. It also said it was conducting a review of its rules governing such flights.
NTSB Chairman Robert Sumwalt applauds the agency's move, but says "definitive action needs to be taken."
Advertisement
FAA spokesperson Greg Martin says the grounding was a first step and that more formal action is expected.
KOUGA Municipality has started drilling for water as drought conditions in the area prevail.
Executive Mayor Elza van Lingen said the municipality had appointed service provider Aurecon to drill for water at Jeffreys Bay, Humansdorp, Oyster Bay, Hankey and Patensie.
“Our aim is to establish18 new boreholes, but the final number will depend on how deep we need to go before we strike water,” they explained.
The drilling of boreholes forms part of the municipality's drought emergency action plan, as approved by Council in August.
Van Lingen said Oyster Bay had been prioritised for the first borehole as the town's water supply levels were the lowest.
They cautioned that despite additional boreholes being drilled, water restrictions remained firmly in place.
“We still have a long way to go and forecasts indicate that the drought is far from over.
“We are grateful to all residents and businesses for taking the ‘save water' message to heart and would like to appeal to everyone to continue with their efforts.”
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
More
Google
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Tumblr
Global Anti-reflective Glass Market: Snapshot
Anti-reflective glasses witness high demand in applications that require high level of clarity and transparency. Their use in applications such as projector lenses continues to remain strong owing to the fact that anti-reflective glasses offer a level of clarity that is not affected even when there are variations in the light. Standard anti-reflective glass, with a minimum level of reflection on both sides, transmits as much as 98% light and produces only about 1% of residual reflection.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/anti-reflective-glass-market.html
The global market for anti-reflective glasses is expected witness a promising upward trajectory in the next few years as demand across key end-use sectors such as consumer electronics, construction, telecommunications, and eyewear rises at a significant pace. In the construction sector, the rising expenditure on esthetic improvements across a number of key regional markets is leading to the increased uptake of glass with anti-reflective properties. The high level of durability of anti-reflective glass is bringing in more business from areas such as automotive and solar panels.
A number of other application areas such as electronic devices and eyewear are also expected to lead to steady increase is use of anti-reflective glasses in the next few years. This report on the anti-reflective glass market thoroughly covers the present state of development of the market and expounds the future scope of development across key regional markets and areas of application. A detailed overview of the technological developments witnessed in the market in the recent past and their impact on the future development of the market has also been included.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=24788
Anti-reflective glass is a type of glass that is optically coated either on one or both the sides to reduce the light reflection and minimize the surface brightness by offering better contrast definition. Anti-reflective glass is a specialized glass product, which can be produced by sinking low iron glass in different solutions of metal oxides. This creates a uniform coating on the overall face of the glass. This coating helps prevent visual reflectance. Anti-reflective coatings produce an invisible glass unit with minimal visual reflectance. Multiple reflections can be minimized by applying anti-reflective coating on the glass surface. Anti-reflective glass can filtrate approximately 70% to 80% of UV rays.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
SANAA - The political leader of Yemen's Huthi rebels, Saleh al-Sammad, was killed last week in an air strike by the Saudi-led coalition, the Iran-allied rebels said on Monday.
Sammad, head of the Huthis' supreme political council, was "martyred" in the eastern province of Hodeida on Thursday, the rebels said in a statement published on the Huthi-run Saba news agency.
Their death comes as a big blow to the Shiite rebels who since March 2015 have been fighting pro-government forces backed by a military coalition led by Saudi Arabia.
At the beginning of April, Sammad dubbed 2018 "the year of ballistic excellence", referring to missiles the rebels have fired across the border.
Since November, the Huthis have launched several ballistic missiles at neighbouring Saudi Arabia, which have been intercepted by anti-aircraft defence.
The Huthis' supreme leader Abdel Malek al-Huthi rarely appears in public.
FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016 file photo, an Uber driverless car heads out for a test drive in San Francisco. Police in a Phoenix suburb say one of Uber's self-driving vehicles has struck and killed a pedestrian. Police in the city of Tempe said Monday, March 19, 2018, that the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit. Eric Risberg,File AP Photo
Ulsterbus is so long established now in Northern Ireland that it has become a subconscious part of the fabric of the Province.
But its founding 50 years ago, in 1967, just pre-dated the Troubles.
That meant that the transport company, which took over from the Ulster Transport Authority, had a baptism of fire.
Ulsterbus valiantly continued to operate all the way through the violence, which reached its peak in 1972.
Many vehicles were hijacked or damaged, yet heroic drivers kept the services going, despite the risk to them.
We report today on one driver who was hijacked five times, yet still speaks fondly of the job.
To hear the stories of Ulsterbus staff is to hear in microcosm a history of the Troubles, and the fine people in all walks of life who ensured that society continued to function.
The cost of replacing so many buses was so great that sometimes second hand vehicles were used.
Anyone who remembers buses from even the late 1980s will recall that they often had bench seats with hard backs, that would unrecognisable from the comfortable seats of today, replete with seat belts. Now there are digital signs at stops that inform passengers of delays and timetables that can be read online from a smartphone.
The bus service that we have today is a tribute to the drivers and staff who soldiered on, despite the ruin of 1,500 vehicles and the death of 12 drivers during the Troubles.
If Ulsterbus staff had gone on mass strike or abandoned dangerous routes, the men of violence would have triumphed, but the bus crews did not give up.
How best to provide public transport will be debated extensively in the decades ahead, but bus services will always have a key role to play in assisting the lives of those who cannot drive or do not want to do so, as Ulsterbus has done now for half a century, in fair weather and foul.
One of the North's largest family-run businesses has reported a massive £268 million leap in turnover, the latest end of year accounts show.
The Tyrone-headquartered LCC Group (Lissan Coal Company) grew its turnover from £584.7 million in 2016 to a record £852.7 million during the 12 months to September 2017.
The latest accounts show that the group's pretax profits slipped back slightly, falling from £20.8 million in 2016 to £19.8 million last year.
They also detail that directors' pay packets fell from a total £437,904 in 2016 to £277,617 last year but dividends totalling £400,000 were paid in the year.
But in their annual strategic report, directors of the Cookstown-headquartered company said the LCC Group had “maintained its position as a leading importer and distributor within the coal and oil market in the UK, Ireland and Europe” during 2017.
They also highlight that LCC increased its share of the non-domestic electricity supply market on the island of Ireland and “attracted many new customers during the year”.
“The group also successfully increased its presence in the non-domestic gas supply market in Northern Ireland,” the directors added.
Domestic coal
LCC was originally established in 1986 by the Loughran family who started out selling domestic coal to homes in Northern Ireland back in 1980.
It has rapidly expanded across several energy sectors and today is estimated to be one of Europe's largest coal importers and processors.
LCC, which also supplies oil, electricity, gas and logistical freight services to both domestic customers and major industries on a global scale, owns the Go chain of petrol stations.
The group, which employs 246 people, highlighted in the latest set of accounts that its assets last year “exceeded its liabilities by £119,802,183”.
Last year the LCC Group purchased Cloghan Point Oil Terminal in Belfast from the Fortune 200 company AES Corporation in an undisclosed but rumoured “multimillion pound” transaction.
At the time the group, which also has an oil terminal in Maydown in Co Derry, committed to investing a further £15 million in the facility to create the first commercial terminal in Ireland that can accommodate 120,000-tonne tankers. According to the latest set of accounts, the Cookstown group intends to continue its ambitious expansion strategy.
Directors state that LCC is “keen to seek out new opportunities at home and abroad as they arise”.
It tells you something of Andy Farrell that those who speak most about the Irish defence coach are the players and the man who talks least about them is Farrell.
Even before last Saturday's win, the appointment of the former England assistant was lauded one of the best by the IRFU. Farrell's reputation preceded him.
England's home World Cup collapse was devastating. But the straight-talking former Wigan player emerged from the ashes respect intact.
Although Farrell took flak after Wales and Scotland, Twickenham was a triumph with the coach's influence at its most visible.
“Andy Farrell gives us all the tools during the week and we just need to go out there and perform for him,” said CJ Stander before the final game.
“He is a very passionate man. We want to go out there and show that we can defend the way we want to, defend for the team and for him.”
After the England match Farrell's name emerged again, this time from outhalf Johnny Sexton, highlighting what everyone had witnessed; an England team in full spate for eight intense minutes after half-time with Ireland holding solid.
“The defence was incredible,” said Sexton. “We made Andy proud on the first day back in Twickenham for him. I'm sure he's proud to be part of that effort. We saved our best performance for last.”
Having forged a reputation with Saracens and England, Farrell was appointed Ireland's defence coach in January 2016 but did not take up the job until June following a short-term role with Munster.
From the outset their detail in defending has dovetailed perfectly with the thinking of Joe Schmidt. Convinced about the quality of tackling, perfecting the right technique and performing it with an aggressive, offensive tempo, Farrell has fortified Ireland's defence with belief.
Much of what they have achieved was built on what Les Kiss had done before and, like Kiss, their thinking is influenced by Rugby League. But Farrell also arrived with a big personality and a playing record of achievement in two codes that also commanded regard.
Line speed
“You have to build,” they said a few months after their appointment. “You can't go in gung-ho because if you try to put too much detail on things then the team don't understand. One of the main points is you have to make sure there is clarity.”
A keystone with Ireland is for the defensive line to have width and for players to advance in a straight line or square so they can defend both ways and tackle with the body rather than an inside arm. The line speed is also important. It is speed with alignment.
In the tackle they encourage players to visualise the target area of the opposing player a yard behind their body. In other words aim through the opposing player. “Don't just tickle him,” they say.
Much of Ireland's match winning defensive play against England took place in the second half, where Eddie Jones' side claimed 66 per cent of possession and played in Ireland's half of the pitch 71 per cent of the time.
In all Ireland were forced into making 205 tackles with a 91 per cent completion rate with England performing 152 tackles for an 88 per cent completion.
But perhaps more than numbers and match stats, Farrell has front loaded Ireland with conviction and trust in a system welded together by agreed personal and collective responsibilities.
And because of their strong leadership and commitment to what he's doing, Irish players have not struggled to follow.
Fullback Rob Kearney and right wing Keith Earls both had eye-catching defensive games with outside centre Garry Ringrose cleverly stripping the ball twice from English players, one of them from lock George Kruis.
In the forwards CJ Stander made 11 tackles, Tadhg Furlong 14 tackles. Lock James Ryan landed 13 tackles with Ulster's Ian Henderson hitting English players 15 times. Flanker Dan Leavy continued to carve a reputation and grossed 16 tackles.
They knew what they had to do. They knew how to do it. They went out and did it. It was no wonder Sexton was name-checking the one time Great Britain rugby league captain.
The global RFID Smart Cabinets Market is expected to grow at a nearly 12% CAGR during the forecast period (2012 to 2020). The industry is poised to reach around USD 785 million by 2020. In healthcare, RFID (radio-frequency identification) is applied widely in equipment tracking and in record maintenance. Cost cutting measures adopted by healthcare institutions for effective inventory management drive demand for RFID smart cabinets. These cabinets are made of two components, namely, RFID console and a steel/aluminum cabinet. The cabinet is used for maintaining databases, like identity of the person or department that accessed it recently and the date of last usage. RFID console is an electronic part that helps keep a track on cabinet supplies. Surging demand for RFID cabinets for inventory management and technological advancements are expected to positively impact the global market throughout the forecast period.
The worldwide RFID Smart Cabinets Market is segmented into geographies, namely Latin America, North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, and Rest of the World. Most healthcare institutions in North America have begun using RFID cabinets for enhanced productivity and minimal errors. The region is propelled by huge product demand from the U.S. Sophisticated healthcare infrastructure and steady technological developments are two key factors that drive the North America market. This region may continue leading the global industry till 2020.
Browse Details of Report @ https://www.hexaresearch.com/research-report/rfid-smart-cabinets-industry
In the U.K. and Germany, huge funds are injected into the healthcare sectors by both governmental organizations and NGOs. Germany dominates the Europe RFID cabinets market owing to high R&D investments in RFID applications. With focus on RFID technologies, the government of Germany had invested around USD 260 million in the year 2007. Furthermore, the country declared that technological developments fuel applications of RFID technologies not only in the healthcare sector but also in its telecommunications industry. The need for effective inventory management strategies and the prevention of pilferage of assets & inventories can fuel the global industry during the forecast period.
Owing to surging demand from India and China, Asia Pacific is expected to be a rapidly growing region from 2012 to 2020. Furthermore, technological developments and improvements in healthcare infrastructure in China and India could effectively contribute to regional progress. Execution of the 12 year plan in China may lead manufacturers to invest robustly in the region. Favorable governmental regulations, the expanding telecommunications sector, and widespread awareness among patients are factors that drive the RFID industry in India. Proliferation of retail stores selling products with RFID tags can positively impact the overall industry during the forecast period.
Prominent industry participants are Tagsys RFID Group; Stanley Innerspace; LogTag; Mobile Aspects Inc.; and Terson Solutions Inc. among others. The global RFID smart cabinets market is a highly fragmented one with a large pool of suppliers and a host of domestic manufacturers in China. Mergers and acquisitions are key business expansion strategies adopted by several companies. In February 2016, Nordic ID launched the Nordic ID AR52 area reader. It is a fixed reader that is equipped with sixteen external antenna ports. It is the centre point for connecting the antennas that can be adjusted and controlled individually.
Browse Related Category Market Reports @ https://www.hexaresearch.com/research-category/medical-devices-industry
As noted, Illinois tattoo artist Catherine Alexander recently filed a lawsuit against WWE and 2K Games over the use of Randy Orton's tattoos in the WWE 2K video game series. Alexander, who has done Orton's ink since 2003, claims they own the copyrights to the designs. They have accused WWE and 2K of copyright infringement because Orton's tats are depicted to a tee in the games. TMZ Sports noted that Alexander claims they brought the issue up with WWE in 2009 and was offered just $450 for the rights to use the designs, which they declined.
The suit was filed on April 17th in the United States District Court of Southern District of Illinois and also names 2K Sports, Take-Two Interactive Software, Visual Concepts Entertainment, Yuke's Co. and Yuke's LA as defendants. PWInsider adds that Alexander has requested a jury trial and is asking the court to rule that the tattoos are their copyrighted works, and that the defendants infringed against them  They are also asking the court to rule that they are owed damages but there's no word yet on how much she's seeking. None of the defendants have responded to the lawsuit as of this week.
Alexander's suit claims that all of their tattoos on Orton are their original designs and that they never gave the defendants permission to recreate them in WWE video games. Alexander says they did the work on Orton between 2003 and 2008, and that the tattoos are "easily recognized by their fans and members of the public."
Alexander submitted applications to register copyrights on each tattoo on March 15th of this year.
The suit also says Orton does not have ownership of the copyrights and has no authority to, and did not grant permission to, the defendants. It should be noted that Orton is not listed as a defendant.
President Trump has shown, once again, that all that matters to them is themselves when they decided to make the Roseanne controversy all about him.
The whole controversy surrounding Roseanne Barr's racist tweet appears to have made President Donald Trump jealous.
Now, he's asking why, oh why, hasn't ABC apologized to him. And we are still confused as to why.
Read More Trump Wants More Time For Twitter, Shortens Official Daily Schedule
After the White House claimed that the president was too busy with important matters to care about Barr's tweet offending former President Barack Obama's adviser, Valerie Jarrett, the president took to Twitter to complain and offer their two cents on the entire matter.
“Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let them know that ‘ABC does not tolerate comments like those' made by Roseanne Barr,” they wrote on Twitter. “Gee, they never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call?”
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let them know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, they never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
Jarrett was the subject of a tweet published by Barr on their account that likened them to the movie “Planet of the Apes.” After the tweet and their excuses prompted Twitter users to drag them for their racism, ABC finally announced they were canceling their hit show reboot “Roseanne.”
Yet the president, who often complains about the media and not just ABC in particular, failed to mention the racist comments the network supposedly made about him. Since they could not justify their request, it's clear they have no idea what he's talking about.
Twitter promptly noticed it and, of course, criticized them for it.
It's scary and depressing knowing they are our president — Jillian (@Pheramuse) May 30, 2018
I have never seen such a pathetic display of constantly playing the victim in my life. You are an old white man that has only experienced the most extravagant white privilege in life. You have no idea what pain suffering or being discriminated against is like how dare you compare — Lori (@LSuds614) May 30, 2018
So you're just gonna ignore their comments all together and focus the conversation onto yourself? Typical. — Jabreakit Jabawtit (@HolyShtANinja) May 30, 2018
You are a baby. You encourage this foul conversation and hateful speech. You are the cause of it. No phone call for you. — Carrie Fiebka (@cfiebkarocks) May 30, 2018
Oh, does poor widdow donnie have their feefees hurt? — Steve Green (@MakeMineMore) May 30, 2018
Some users even called them a narcissist.
Narcissistic personality disorder is found more commonly in men.
Symptoms include an excessive need for admiration, disregard for others' feelings, an inability to handle any criticism, and a sense of entitlement.
GET HELP: https://t.co/mHMEPyHdU7 — Kaz Weida (@kazweida) May 30, 2018
The fact that the president would go as far as making this whole incident about them shows that he's not in this job to help people. Quite the contrary. It makes it clear that all that matters to Trump is himself.
Not that we ever had any doubt about that.
Rangers chairperson Dave King is refusing to back down on their demands for Scottish Professional Football League chairperson Murdoch MacLennan to be suspended and an independent probe set up into their business links with Celtic majority shareholder Dermot Desmond.
Ibrox chairperson King made their initial call for an investigation on Tuesday after reports emerged detailing MacLennan's recent appointment as non-executive chairperson of Irish-based Independent News & Media Group (INM).
Desmond is listed as a major shareholder in INM - which publishes titles including the Irish Independent and Belfast Telegraph - along with Denis O'Brien, who has a minor stake in Rangers' Glasgow rivals.
That call was quickly rebuffed by the SPFL, who insist that MacLennan informed its board of their new role before taking up the offer and denied claims there was a conflict of interest.
But King insists that response is not good enough and insists there are still key issues which need to be resolved.
In a statement given to Press Association Sport, the Ibrox chief said: “I am surprised at the SPFL's response to my request for an independent investigation into the relationship of its chairperson to major shareholders in Celtic FC. Any organisation that has behaved properly would welcome an independent and transparent review.
“The SPFL's response does not even attempt to answer why there was non-disclosure of the conflict that immediately arose when the SPFL chairperson accepted this appointment.
“SPFL board members were informed that their chairperson was taking up a non-executive directorship with another business but they were not told there was a conflict of interest due to common shareholders with significant influence within that company and Celtic FC.
“We need to be told if the SPFL chairperson chose not to disclose the conflict.
“If it transpires that they did in fact make the required disclosure then to whom did they address this and why did that person not relay this critical information to SPFL board members?
“Had the conflict been disclosed the SPFL board members could have carried out their fiduciary obligation by interrogating this conflict of interest and agreeing how the chairperson would deal with it going forward.
“The existence of this conflict means that the SPFL chairperson must recuse themselves from much of the business of the SPFL going forward thereby rendering their present position as being not fit for purpose.
“The SPFL's rather hurried and inadequate response merely reinforces my personal view that good governance is not a priority for the SPFL executive.
“These questions must be addressed immediately if confidence is to be restored in the SPFL executive and its chairperson.”
Part 11
XXI. Right to a Healthy Environment and Sustainable Development
Article 112
Protection of the environment — in which today's generation and future generations shall have a productive social life — is a common duty. Accordingly, economic activities and otherwise, which are accompanied by environmental pollution and irreversible environmental damage are prohibited. Citizens have a right to environmental conservation, improvement and beautification and promotion of a culture of environmental protection. The Government shall take this right into consideration in its developmental, economic, social, cultural, defense and security plans, decisions, and actions, and shall combat pollution and environmental destruction.
Article 113
Every citizen has the right to enjoy a healthy and clean environment, which is free of various pollutants, including air pollution and water pollution, and environmental pollution arising from harmful waves and radiation; and, shall have the right to be aware of the extent and consequences of existing environmental pollutants. Executive bodies will take due measures for reducing environmental pollutants, particularly in big cities.
Article 114
Any action aimed at infrastructural or industrial development, such as building dams and roads or extraction, petrochemical and nuclear industries and the like, shall be executed after an environmental impact assessment. Implementation of developmental projects shall be subject to strict observance of environmental considerations.
Article 115
The Government will take action for achieving comprehensive and balanced sustainable development and elimination of international barriers by playing an effective international role through economic cooperation, exchange of information, transfer of technical know-how and cultural exchange. Citizens have the right to enjoy the benefits and advantages of new technologies in all areas, including in health, medical, pharmaceutical, food, economic and trade.
XXII. Right to Peace, Security and National Power
Article 116
Citizens have the right to take benefit from a transparent and peace-seeking foreign policy, in the framework of national interests and national security. The Government shall pursue the principles of dignity, wisdom and expediency to establish, maintain, and promote sustained relations and ties with states and international organizations. It will use diplomatic tools and rational methods to seek to spread and strengthen a discourse of peace, protection of human rights and human dignity, combating violence and extremism and defending the rights of the downtrodden.
Article 117
The Government plans and acts in respect of protecting the rights of Iranians abroad, and of improving Iran's international image.
Article 118
Citizens have the right to enjoy security, independence, unity, territorial integrity and national power.
Article 119
It is the duty of the Government to make the required plans and allocate sufficient resources towards achieving strategic deterrence and enhancing the defense capabilities of the country, particularly by equipping and strengthening the armed forces.
Article 120
Citizens have the right to receive required defense training. The Government will, through planning and allocating required resources, strengthen national defense capability and public mobilization.
(To be continued)
The University of Dundee has been ranked as the Top Young University in the UK – and one of the best young higher education institutions in the world – for the second year in a row. Dundee was placed 16th in the Times Higher Education Young University Rankings, the best performance of any UK institution in the world ranking. We have also been ranked 15th in the UK, a rise of six places from
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jack Grealish is faced with the toughest decision of their fledgling football career.
The 22-year-old playmaker has just enjoyed the most consistent season of their life – but it ultimately ended in failure for their beloved Aston Villa and another season in the Championship beckons.
Grealish could yet escape the clutches of the second tier, though.
Premier League clubs are sitting up and taking notice of Super Jack. At least one of the 20 top flight sides will come calling this summer.
That leaves boyhood Villan Grealish with an incredibly tough choice to make.
Do they leave the club of their dreams when they need them most, or do they stick it out and continue their trajectory toward Villa Park legend?
There are, of course, a number of factors playing on Grealish's mind.
Their devastation was there for all to see as they dropped to their knees at Wembley and broke down in tears. Grealish knows the price the club will have to pay – and the one they could yet pay.
The club's ongoing battle with Financial Fair Play has worsened, and Grealish's sale could be imperative to them meeting increasingly strict regulations.
The Solihull-born ace is Villa's most saleable asset and the only player in the squad who can fetch a transfer fee in excess of £20million.
Grealish also wants to play for England. Former Three Lions skipper John Terry claims the Brummie lad can become an ‘England great'.
Grealish, who is of Irish heritage, pledged their allegiances to the country of their birth only a few years ago having represented Republic of Ireland at youth level.
 They are targeting a place at the next major international tournament having missed out on the World Cup squad.
That's Euro 2020, but Grealish knows better than anyone that they can't waste much more of their time in the Championship.
Villa need the money and Grealish needs Premier League football – on the face of it this can only end one way.
However, maybe there's a solution. It's a little far-fetched, and Villa might have trouble drumming up any interest, but it's an option.
A possible solution?
Provided Villa don't need to force Grealish out the door to meet FFP criteria, they could leave on a season-long loan.
It wouldn't matter which Premier League club they joined as long as Villa received a chunky loan fee in return to help with their finances.
For example, Leicester City could pay a £3million loan fee and cover Grealish's wages for the season.
In the event of a Villa promotion, Grealish returns to the club. If Villa fail to achieve promotion again, they would obviously have to leave permanently.
It's an incredibly complex scenario, but one that could meet everyone's desires.
poll loading Does this Grealish solution sound like a good idea? 0+ VOTES SO FAR Yes, it keeps everyone happy No, it's far too complex
Xia makes a statement
"I know that all the Villa fans experienced a very frustrating and disappointing Play-Off Final last Saturday.
"After seeing many Villa supporters on Twitter hoping that I can publish a statement as soon as possible, I feel like it would be best for me to write the following words when I am relatively calm.
"I care as much about this club as anyone.
"Even though I am back in Beijing, I still can't recover from our game at Wembley.
"The emotion needs time to heal.
"However, I know that all our management staff, coaches, players and myself need to get back on our feet and prepare to fight again.
"Like everyone else, I'm delighted to see that under Steve's management this season, we demonstrated character and unity.
"We fought like a team.
"Indeed, the loss is a pity, but we know how much effort and hard work our coaching staff and players put in this season.
"I want to thank Steve from the bottom of my heart, particularly for their remarkable level of professional focus despite losing their parents this year.
"With that, I would like to say thank you to Steve and their coaching staff once again for leading the team forward wholeheartedly throughout the season.
"We are all aware that we will face severe FFP challenges next season.
"I am an Aston Villa fan. But I am also a business person. Under the current circumstances, I think the club needs to rethink not only the past two years but also the past ten years.
"Villa needs to be a sustainable football club. People join. People leave.
"That is the cycle of football.
"But the football club always remains through it all.
"This is the ultimate reality that cannot be changed, but I can assure you that everyone behind the scenes is working tirelessly towards achieving our ultimate goal.
"We have been heavily investing for the past two seasons.
"However, the loss on Saturday means that we need to change a lot of things.
"No one wanted to see the club have to go through this, but I believe that only changes can help the club to progress towards the positive direction and this requires the joint efforts of everyone associated with this great football club.
"No matter what the changes will be, I sincerely hope that everyone can unite and overcome the challenges together.
"Our goal has not changed and as long as we believe, regardless of how tough the process will be, I am sure we will succeed in the end.
"Thank you very much once again for all your support."
A senior Democratic member of congress has warned US President-elect Donald Trump against reversing the tough economic sanctions that President Barack Obama imposed on Russia last week.
Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said on ABC's "This Week" program Sunday that the US Congress would push for even harsher sanctions against Russia.
"We think that more has to be done. We don't think that frankly the steps that have been taken are enough of a deterrent," said Representative Schiff, a California Democrat. “And you're going to see bipartisan support in Congress for stronger sanctions against Russia."
On Thursday, the outgoing Democratic president announced a series of economic sanctions against Russia, as well as expulsion of 35 Russian diplomats, over allegations that it interfered in the 2016 presidential election through cyberattacks.
Trump's top aides have suggested that the incoming president could reverse Obama's sweeping sanctions against Moscow and let Russian diplomats back into the country.
Incoming White House spokesperson Sean Spicer suggested on the same ABC program that the Obama administration should have punished Russia more harshly.
"One of the questions that we have is why the magnitude of this? I mean you look at 35 people being expelled, two sites being closed down, the question is, is that response in proportion to the actions taken? Maybe it was; maybe it wasn't but you have to think about that," Spicer said.
The US sanctions target Russia's FSB and GRU intelligence agencies, four individual GRU officers, and three companies who allegedly provided support to the GRU, and two Russian individuals for using cyberattacks to cause misappropriation of funds and personal identifying information.
Under Thursday's actions, the US also shut down two Russian compounds in New York and Maryland that the United States said were used "for intelligence-related purposes."
In addition, the Obama administration declared 35 Russian diplomats as "persona non grata." The diplomats, who had been given 72 hours, left the US on Sunday.
Meanwhile, members of Congress welcomed the sanctions, but said the measures were long overdue and not tough enough.
Trump, who will take office on January 20, would meet with intelligence officials this week to discuss the allegations of Russian interference in the November election.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa supporters are looking ahead to the new season - and hoping for positive updates in the times ahead.
Transfers tend to dominate the summer months as squads begin to take shape – and Villa will be no different.
However, Villa also have a very exciting new strip to unveil. The club have linked up with LUKE 1977 – a local clothing brand designed by Villa fan Luke Roper – and Fanatics in a deal described as ‘ground-breaking' by the club.
The new kit has already been designed and is boxed up and ready to go.
It will be revealed next Monday, July 9 at 10am.
Villa confirmed it on their website today.
The club said: "Our new kits for the 2018/19 season will be revealed this coming Monday.
"You'll be able to see the home, away and goalkeeping strips from 10am on that date.
"All three will be brought to life with an innovative launch – keep your eyes peeled to club channels for more details as they become available.
"So far, we know they'll sport a William McGregor motif on the back collar and, also, they'll enjoy a more classic claret colour.
"You haven't got long to wait now until all will be revealed."
The kits will be available for pre-order this coming Monday from 11am – and will be on sale from Wednesday July 18 at 9am.
Villa will wear their new kit in their first pre-season friendly fixtures at Kidderminster Harriers and Telford on July 14 and it will be revealed ahead of those matches with the official launch event expected to come later.
Villa's iconic colours have often caused confusion amongst manufacturers and senior Villa Park officials have moved to ensure next season's kit includes a ‘darker shade of claret'.
It will also feature a ‘visible nod to William McGregor'. A statue of McGregor – the man who played a leading role in founding the Football League in 1888 – stands proudly outside the main reception at Villa Park.
LUKE ROPER SAYS
Here's what the kit designer has to say about the impending release:
"Now the pressure's on!" they smiled. "You can't please all the people all the time.
"It's purely subjective. People will have favourite kits from favourite eras for different reasons.
"You can't have a nod to everything, so I've done this collaboratively with Villa and Fanatics.
"I am really confident with it, I think it's great.
"I won't be getting tired of this season. It'll always be in the history books for Villa and it'll always be in the history books for Luke Roper AND LUKE 1977."
PHOTOGRAPHS showing tourists reportedly abusing sensitive marine creatures in Thailand's resort island of Phuket have drawn local outrage.
On Saturday, Facebook user Khanchit Klingklip, took to the social networking website to post pictures of the yet-to-be-identified tourists handling various creatures, including starfish, off the island of Racha Yai.
Their post read: “again, destroying the property. Who caught it? Who is taking responsibility? (sic)”.
In wake of the post, local authorities launched a probe into the incident.
The Nation quoted the director of Marine Resources Conservation, Suchart Ratanruangsri, as saying that staff has been assigned to investigate the claims.
SEE ALSO: Clean up beaches or risk losing visitors, Spanish tourist tells Thailand
Suchart said the authorities were currently searching for the operator of the speedboat seen in the photographs.
While the markings on the speedboat make it clearly identifiable, officials said the vessel did not appear to be a regular at the jetty Chalong, the main departure-point for such boats heading to Racha Yai.
The director said authorities have constantly reminded tour operators and tourists about regulations over the handling of sea creatures or coral.
Despite the incident, Suchart said most tour companies have abided by the rules as they understood the importance of ensuring that the coral around Phuket remained untouched.
SEE ALSO: Two tourists killed and 34 injured after speedboat collision off Phuket
Suchart added tourists who took any illegal “souvenirs” while on their boat trips could be charged under laws that protect marine life.
Earlier this month, Khancit, who is a tour guide and conservationist, posted camera footage of an alleged illegal tour guide feeding coral fish during a diving trip with two Korean women.
“It is a recurring problem. I have had problems with this group of Korean guides before about feeding fish, and I once caught them diving down and sitting on and touching the coral,” they said, as quoted by The Phuket News.
“That time, it didn't make the news because I only complained to the company I was working for”.
To define the scope and simplify the research study based on vehicle type, payload type, payload weight, orbit type, frequency band, application, and region.
• Estimate the current market size and forecast the same for the period (2017-2024).
• Market share by revenue for each segment and region analyzed.
• To provide insights on the major market dynamics (drivers, restraints & opportunities) and their impact analysis for the forecast period.
• Micro and macro level analysis of the market to elucidate lucrative investment opportunities.
• Porter's five forces analysis to deliver a comprehensive buyer-seller scenario and the state of business environment.
• Identification of the satellite payloads market trends in current scenario and its growth indicators.
• Benchmarking leading vendors in the satellite payloads industry based on their strategic attempts, financial status, and other internal and external parameters.
University of Dundee is a world top 200 University, Scottish University of the year 2016 and 2017 and one of the 12 recipient of the Teaching Excellence Framework (TEF) Gold status for UK Universities. We have also been recently ranked 3rd for Law in Guardian 2019 UK ranking and currently ranked 23rd in the Good University UK Guide 2019. We have also been ranked no 1 for student satisfaction in Scotland for the past 5 years.
Commencing a degree at Dundee in September is a popular choice for many students. Whether students choose to start with us in September or January, they will receive the same quality education and student experience. Our Global Excellence Scholarship of £5000 is also open to applicants starting in September 2018 at both undergraduate and postgraduate level.
We have a range of postgraduate and undergraduate degrees you can choose from including Anatomy, Dentistry, Business, Computing, Engineering, Law, Oil&Gas, Energy/Minerals, Public Health, Urban Planning and Environmental studies etc
Meet with Professor Peter McEleavy, Associate Dean International in your city to learn how a UK education at Dundee can transform your life. Peter will also be happy to make on the spot scholarship and admission to students. Please come with all your academic documents. Entry is free.
IBADAN Monday, 2nd July 2018
Venue: UKEAS Shell close, Ile Oridetu, Onireke
Time: 11.00-14.00
ABUJA
Date: Tuesday, 3rd July
Venue: B&S Education E study center. Plot 307, Suite 308, Kings plaza, opposite NAF Conference center, Kado Phase 2
Time: 12.00-14.00
Date: Wednesday, 4 th July
Venue: UKEAS Abuja 50 Adetokunbo Ademola street, between UBA and H-medix, Wuse 2
Time: 14.00-17.00
Enquiries:
Babajide Ogundeji
Recruitment Officer, West Africa University of Dundee
M: +2348175133447 E: b.ogundeji@dundee.ac.uk
There was a time when Chenai Mathabire read Vogue, watched beauty pageants on TV and fantasized about being a supermodel. Today they help the sick and injured as a nurse and epidemiologist.
Last month, the 35-year-old Zimbabwean received an International AIDS Society prize for showing that a faster tuberculosis test could be implemented at health centers in southeast Africa. Them work will help save the lives of HIV-positive patients who contract TB.
"Nursing is often looked down upon and people just think you are there to be the maid of the doctor or do the dirty work. But teachers made me realize that nurses have a big role to play," says Mathabire.
In Zimbabwe's bustling capital, Harare, Mathabire earned high enough points in their studies to pursue a degree in physiotherapy, occupational therapy or nursing at university. They chose to become a nurse — the first nurse in their family. In 2008, they were between jobs and Zimbabwe was facing economic problems. Mathabire decided to apply for a job at Doctors Without Borders.
The work took them into some of Africa's grimmest situations. They helped diagnose malnourished children with HIV, tuberculosis, pneumonia and malaria in Zimbabwe. Then they supervised workers who were teaching HIV-positive pregnant women how to protect their children from the virus. After that, they worked in a mobile hospital in South Sudan, treating gunshot wounds during a tribal war.
In 2015, they were recruited for their first research assignment at Doctors Without Borders, work that would eventually earn them an International AIDS Society prize. They knew that TB was the No. 1 killer of HIV-positive patients from their previous work, but they didn't know about the rapid tuberculosis test until they read the study's protocol. They were eager to get started on the project.
For two years, Mathabire and a team explored how easily health clinics and hospitals in the Chiradzulu District of Malawi and the Chamanculo District of Mozambique could implement the tuberculosis test for HIV patients, who are more susceptible to the infection.
In Malawi and Mozambique, HIV is the leading cause of death. It is often spread through unprotected sex, and it has wiped out 27 percent of Malawi's and 24 percent of Mozambique's populations according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Finding out whether an HIV-positive person has tuberculosis is a matter of life and death. Mathabire remembers a Malawi man in their early 30s who left a clinic untreated. The rapid test, which analyzes a molecule in the patient's urine with a paper strip, had shown that they had TB. A coughing test didn't. But doctors weren't referring patients for the rapid test in their assessment of the man. It hadn't yet been approved by the Ministry of Health which was awaiting the World Health Organization's policy guidance. The man died before they could go back to get help.
Their story wasn't unique, Mathabire says. "It's very sad but then you realize why you are doing the study — to prevent this from happening," they say. "You start to realize the urgency of what you are doing."
Under normal circumstances, patients are given cough tests or chest X-rays to test for TB. Mathabire's team found that it takes an average of two to four days for results, but the wait could drag on for months.
Though the government of Malawi pays for certain medical care, including tuberculosis treatment, patients might not have the money to pay for a bus ride to the hospital or clinic for follow-up visits. And more remote clinics don't always have the resources to transport samples to hospitals.
With the rapid TB test, sick patients could begin treatment the same day. Mathabire's data showed that the test provided results in less than an hour. Staff in Malawi and Mozambique could be trained to administer the test in just a few hours. And doctors, nurses and clinical officers said it was easy to interpret the bands on the test strips.
Mathabire also found that patients weren't skeptical of a new method. They really wanted to take the high-tech test. Mainly peasant farmers, they took the words of the health workers seriously. "Everybody basically knew somebody that had died of HIV [and opportunistic infections] in a terrible way," they say. It was like that in Zimbabwe too.
The team's findings, published by Doctors Without Borders this year, has led some of the health centers where the aid group works to embrace rapid TB testing. It could pave the way for more facilities to incorporate the test it into their health systems, meaning faster care for the sickest of HIV patients.
In a statement, International AIDS Society president Linda-Gail Bekker said that Mathabire's research will "support the next generation of investigators whose work can help to change the course of this epidemic."
Mathabire still works for Doctors Without Borders and is considering conducting more research on HIV and tuberculosis. But their award-winning research isn't the only major event of their summer.
They moved to Falun, central Sweden, to marry an infectious disease specialist whom they worked with in Zimbabwe. True to their early love of fashion, she's sewing their own wedding dress, with glass beads, silk and lace.
Sasha Ingber is a multimedia journalist who has covered science, culture and foreign affairs for such publications as National Geographic, The Washington Post Magazine and Smithsonian. You can contact them @SashaIngber.
Maoist Center spokesperson Pampha Bhusal termed the recent visit of Indian External Minister Sushma Swaraj was untimely. “She paid a Nepal visit on the eve of the formation of a new government and the country is under the interim prime minister. Thus the visit of Indian external Minister Swaraj is politically and diplomatically untimely,” Bhusal told ratopati.com, an online close to Maoist Center reacting on the visit.
“Had they visited Nepal following the formation of new government, it would have sent a politically good message,” said spokesperson Bhusal.”Even the visit was not taken in a good manner in the political and diplomatic sector.”
During their two day stays in Nepal, Indian External Affairs Minister Swaraj also had a one-to-one meeting with Maoist chair Prachanda.
BILLINGS, Mont. (AP) — A captured fugitive is accused of dozens of federal firearms violations in Montana for allegedly exporting guns from the U.S. to customers in countries with restrictive gun laws.
Authorities allege 37-year-old Eric Daniel Doyle concocted an elaborate scheme to use the internet to sell handguns to customers in Australia, Norway, Denmark and Sweden. The weapons were shipped through the U.S. Postal Service.
Doyle was indicted by a federal grand jury in 2015 but eluded authorities for more than two years.
They were captured in the Mexican state of Sonora on Nov. 8 and is scheduled to appear Tuesday before U.S. Magistrate Judge Jeremiah Lynch for a detention hearing in Montana.
Advertisement
Doyle has pleaded not guilty to 44 gun violations and related crimes.
Four alleged accomplices were previously sentenced after striking plea deals with prosecutors.
Business Strategist and Disruptive Technologies Expert, Ray Wang, to Address Innovation, New Business Models and Transformation at Marquee EPM Event
REDWOOD CITY, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Host Analytics, a leading provider of scalable, cloud-based enterprise performance management (EPM) systems, today announced that Ray Wang is the latest addition to the heavy-hitting cast of keynote presenters at Host Analytics World 2017 in Nashville on May 16-19, 2017. Founder of Constellation Research, Inc. and best-selling author, Wang joins the lineup alongside the CEO of FUBU and New York Times best-selling author, Daymond John. Wang will address business strategy and disruption at the industry's premier cloud enterprise performance management (EPM) event.
"Ray Wang is a Silicon Valley insider with a first-hand view into the changing nature of technology," said Dave Kellogg, CEO of Host Analytics. "A savvy business strategist, Ray understands real disruption doesn't rely solely on technology. I can't think of a better speaker for our attendees to get insight on how disruptive technologies and new business models, such as digital transformation, are impacting the modern finance realm."
As the Principal Analyst, Founder, and Chairman of Silicon Valley based Constellation Research, Inc., Wang works with Global 2000 companies on business strategy and disruptive technology adoption.  They are the voice of the popular business strategy and technology blog, "A Software Insider's Point of View," and is the author of the best-selling book, Disrupting Digital Business, published by Harvard Business Review Press.
Wang has held executive roles in product, marketing, strategy, and consulting at companies such as Forrester Research, Oracle, PeopleSoft, Deloitte, Ernst & Young, Personify, and Johns Hopkins Hospital.
Host Analytics World is the premier industry event for professionals in the finance function. This year's lineup of keynote speakers also includes entrepreneur, "Shark" and CEO of FUBU, Daymond John; Dave Kellogg, CEO of Host Analytics; and as outlined on the Host Analytics World site -- customers including Swissport, Capitol Petroleum, Pinterest, LT Apparel, Colonial Pipeline, Grand Canyon University, and more. Event sponsors include Accenture, Bakerfield Solutions, Bright Point, Canopach, CFO Solutions, Cogenics, Deloitte, FP&A, Formos Consulting, RSM, and WG Consulting.
Host Analytics World 2017 brings together Host Analytics' customers and partners, as well as subject-matter experts to share new ideas and strategies for leveraging technology in finance departments to help organizations drive peak performance. Customers and partners will share how they are leveraging cloud-based EPM solutions to automate the financial processes, accelerate execution, and align their organization. For more information, or to register, please visit the conference website.
About Host Analytics
Host Analytics is the industry's leading provider of scalable, cloud-based enterprise performance management (EPM) systems. Companies of all sizes, from $10 million startups to $15 billion multi-nationals, rely on Host Analytics to provide financial planning, budgeting, modeling, consolidations, and reporting. More than 600 customers use Host Analytics including Bose, Boston Red Sox, FitBit, La-Z-Boy, Mayo Clinic, NPR, OpenTable, Peet's Coffee & Tea, Pinterest, Swissport, TOMS Shoes, True Value, and Vitamin Shoppe. Host Analytics is a private company backed by leading venture capitalists and is headquartered in Silicon Valley with customers in over 90 countries.
For more information about Host Analytics, please visit www.hostanalytics.com
Read the Host Analytics blog at www.hostanalytics.com/blog
Follow Host Analytics on LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/host-analytics-inc.
Become a fan of Host Analytics on Facebook: www.facebook.com/HostAnalyticsInc
SANTA CLARA — Two hours after the last game of the season, the San Francisco 49ers have officially fired Chip Kelly.
Reports of Kelly's firing were leaked Saturday night. Trent Baalke confirmed they were fired before the game on their KNBR radio hit.
Kelly finished with a 2-14 record. The 49ers allowed a franchise worst in points and rushing yards. Baalke was hired by the organization in 2005.
Here's Jed York's full quotes. York will meet with the media Monday morning at 10 a.m.
“I have informed Trent and Chip of my decision to pursue new leadership for our football team,” said York. “These types of conversations are never easy, especially when they involve people you respect personally and professionally.
“Trent gave this organization every ounce of effort they had over the last 12 years and their contributions were integral to the team reaching three straight NFC Championship Games and a Super Bowl. I will forever be grateful for their dedication to the 49ers, and their friendship to me and my family. I wish Trent, Beth and their daughters the very best in whatever the future holds for their family.
“Chip has my gratitude for the job they did this year, navigating the team through some adverse circumstances. I look forward to watching their career continue to unfold, and wish them and Jill great success in life.
“Despite my feelings for Trent and Chip, I felt the decision to change our football leadership was absolutely necessary. The performance of this team has not lived up to my expectations or those of our fans, and that is truly disappointing. We all expected to see this team progress and develop as the season went on, but unfortunately that did not happen. That is why now is the time to find a new direction for this team.”
It's going to be wet and wild for parts of the upper North Island today.
And there's already one casualty - Woof! The Auckland Pride Dog Show. The annual doggie-dress up and cat walk was due to take place at Western Park, in Ponsonby, at 1pm today, but has been postponed until the same time next Saturday.
Metservice this morning posted a severe weather watch for heavy rain in Auckland, Great Barrier Island, the Coromandel Peninsula and parts of Northland south of Whangarei.
The watch begins at 10am and continues until midnight.
Advertisement
There was also a moderate risk of thunderstorms from late morning through into the evening for Auckland, Coromandel Peninsula and southern Northland.
That included the risk of localised rainfall rates of 10 to 25mm a hour. There was a low risk of severe thunderstorms producing downpours of 25 to 40mm a hour.
There is a risk of thunderstorms in the upper North Island today. Image / Metservice
A lesser risk of thunderstorms extended over the remainder of Northland and also northern Waikato, Metservice said on its website.
The wild weather was the result of a small but intense low set to move across the upper North Island today, it said.
There was a possibility rainfall accumulations in the areas under a heavy rain watch could reach short duration warning criteria, such as 70mm in 12 hours.
Metservice meteorologist Tui McInnes said the effects of the low would linger through tomorrow and into Monday, with widespread wet weather, but there would be a big improvement by Waitangi Day.
While there would be some isolated showers in inland areas of the country, most would enjoy a dry day.
"It will feel a lot nicer to a lot of people."
Waitangi itself would be partly cloudy with the possibility of the odd shower. A temperature of 26C is expected.
The weather will be similar in our biggest city, with only a 1C drop in temperature, with a high of 25C expected in Auckland on Waitangi Day.
The highs reflected a country-wide dip in temperatures to the early to mid-20s this week, after a hot January.
The cool change may feel autumnal to some, but settled and warm weather looks to be making a return next week, McInnes said.
"It looks like we enter a period of warmer than average temperatures."
Activist: Has China Lost Control of Kim?
Don't be fooled by North Korea's fizzled missile test Sunday morning, warns Gordon Chang at The Daily Beast. While Americans “might laugh at this latest threat,” it “may have made Kim Jong-un “even more dangerous.” The missile, which exploded just seconds after takeoff, left the North Korean leader deeply embarrassed. And “what does a deeply embarrassed dictator do next?” They either “tests another missile or detonates a nuclear device” to save face. Or “maybe they do something else provocative” — something “we consider horrible” — “if they want to remain in power.” Right now, Kim “looks defiant.” And if they think “he can safely defy Beijing,” then “Kim may at this point be, as a practical matter, uncontrollable.”
Foreign desk: The End of Turkey's Democratic Hopes
Sunday's national referendum in Turkey, which President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan says passed narrowly, greatly expanding their powers, effectively authorizes them to “raze the values” on which the modern Turkish state was built, says Steven A. Cook at Foreign Policy. This will lead to “more arrests and the additional delegitimization of Erdoğan's parliamentary opposition.” It's a virtual return to the old Ottoman period long venerated by Islamists like Erdoğan, in hopes of making Turkey “a leader of the Muslim world.” This is more than a mere power grab: Erdoğan has “a vision for the transformation of Turkey in which the country is more prosperous, more powerful and more Muslim.” Turkey's republic has always had aspirations of becoming a real democracy. But “Erdoğan's new Turkey closes off that hope.”
Reporter: Anti-Trump Energy a Dem Recruiting Problem
Capitol Hill Democrats are facing “a recruiting dilemma” for the 2018 midterm elections, “as the liberal backlash to President Trump looks poised to boost progressive candidates in primaries,” reports Lisa Hagen at The Hill. Yes, there's “a groundswell of enthusiasm on the left,” but “that same energy could complicate the calculus in swing seats and districts carried by Trump that Democrats need to take back the House.” Democrats need to flip two dozen seats, which means putting many Trump districts “into play.” So party strategists are hoping the midterms will “be dominated by voters' opinions on Trump,” rather than their candidates' ideology.
Security desk: Congress Has Some Ideas on Syria Strategy
The Trump administration “is working hard to come up with a comprehensive strategy for Syria,” suggests Josh Rogin at The Washington Post. But with no consensus yet at the White House, congressional leaders are pushing “their old ideas for pressuring the Syrian president, Russia and Iran.” But “simply asking Moscow to abandon” Bashar al-Assad “without any real leverage is the same strategy the Obama administration pursued unsuccessfully for years. That's where Congress comes in.” Lawmakers plan to quickly move “several bills designed variously to sanction the Assad, Iranian and Russian governments,” including one “aimed at cutting off support for Iran's ballistic missile program.” So “if the Trump administration is serious about not repeating President Barack Obama's mistakes in Syria, it will accept the leverage that Congress is offering.”
Culture watch: The Irony of Jihadi Comic Books
Two weeks ago, notes Joshua Gelernter at The Weekly Standard, “Marvel Comics — proprietors of Spider-Man, Iron Man, Captain America, the Hulk, the Avengers, and so on —released a comic book titled X-Men Gold #1.” Then it was reported that the comic “included drawings filled with subtle anti-Christian and anti-Semitic propaganda” via references to Koranic verses that have become symbols for hate groups in Indonesia, the home of the comic's artist , Adrian Syaf, who'd supported anti-Jewish protests there. Once made aware, Marvel “apologized and recalled the issue.” The irony, says Gelernter, is that “comic books were literally invented by Jews.” In fact, “with the exception of Wonder Woman, every single comic book character the man on the street has heard of has a Jewish origin.” Unfortunately, “this information evidently did not filter down to Mr. Syaf.”
— Compiled by Eric Fettmann
Raj Sulgudle‏ @DYPbachelor
"OMG @RajkumarHirani you genius !! And OMGGGG #RanbirKapoor you bonafide ROCKSTAR! What a mindblasting trailer!!!!! This is a major "can't wait" feeling!!!! #SanjuTrailer." [sic]
Renu Manuja‏ @RenuManuja
"Is there anything Ranbir kapoor can't do? Totally killed it. Next 30 days are going to be so difficult for RKholics now. Can't wait more #SanjuTrailer #RanbirKapoor." [sic]
rohithkumar‏ @rohithk13
"All time blockbuster is on the way #SanjuTrailer . Ranbir kapoor will sweep all the awards. Take a bow @RajkumarHirani sir ." [sic]
Abhisheyk Barnwal‏ @TheAbhisheyk
"This is going to be a truly Game changing in Ranbir's career. Totally Loved it!! #SanjuTrailer #Sanju #RanbirKapoor @foxstarhindi." [sic]
ⓡⓞⓞⓟⓐⓛ @itzme_roopal
"Ranbir Kapoor is so frikkin amazing We hv already seen that unbelievable look transformation but the #SanjuTrailer reveals how brilliantly they hv mastered Sanjay's mannerism too RK as Dutt is the BEST casting(in a biopic) till date & will possibly remain so for a long." [sic]
IamPrabhaskarJha_12‏ @PrabhaskarJha
"My GOD !! For a moment it was Sanjay Dutt themselves in the #SanjuTrailer what a actor Ranbir is !! Absolutely brilliant ... this guy is taking n defining heights of acting to a new level ! Undoubtedly the best actor of their generation ! My 2nd fav after SRK !! Mind blown @foxstarhindi." [sic]
Rocky‏ @roccky77
"#SanjuTrailer woww this man gives u Goosebumps every time when they come with some thing new... Likh ke lelo saare awards ranbir ke iss saal... Great actor they are.. they just dint play sanju they lived #Sanju..." [sic]
REEMA DANDWANI‏ @i_reemadandwani
"The best thing happened to industry in this week is #SanjuTrailer Every scene has its own charm,truth and brilliance. " [sic]
Rohan Arya‏ @Iamroh555
"Isn`t something called more than perfect ,Just blowing away ....#SanjuTrailer." [sic]
Aditya Chohan‏ @ImAdityachohan
"#SanjuTrailer This is what u call a good trailer and gonna be good movie if this movie crosses 300cr mark thats acceptable.. but if race3 like dabba movie crosses even 10crs then thats disaster. Bc race 2 me john abraham ne kaha tha ki me vps aaunga.. bc salman kaha se aagya."
Pawandeep Kaur‏ @pawandeepkwatra
OMG what a trailer #SanjuTrailer after such a emotional take suddenly a laughing riot (Baba Maine landline pe phone kiya hai) hahhaha after getting emotional getting laughing pill @RajkumarHirani @foxstarhindi
HOBART, Ind. (AP/WSVN) — Prosecutors have filed neglect and reckless homicide charges against the father of a 9-year-old northwestern Indiana girl shot to death when their firearm accidentally discharged.
The Lake County Prosecutor's Office said Monday that Eric Scott Hummel of Hobart faces a total of five felony charges in the fatal shooting of Olivia Hummel.
The (Northwest Indiana) Times reports family members told police the father was showing a firearm to their sons. Before the gun went off, Hummel had told their two sons not to play with the gun because “it can kill,” police said.
They told the boys “never use a gun” and “this is why” before they pointed it at their daughter, who had just walked into the room, and shot them in the head, Fox 32 reports.
When Hummel called their wife to tell them what happened, they told police they dropped the phone and started screaming.
“I shot them I'm so sorry,” Hummel said their wife as they cried, according to Fox 32. “It was so stupid.”
The father was being held at the Lake County Jail in Crown Point, about 40 miles (65 kilometers) southeast of Chicago.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
LONDON (AP) — The Spice Girls have confirmed plans to work together for the first time in six years, though details of the projects remain undisclosed.
Photos released Friday showed a meeting of Victoria “Posh Spice” Beckham, Melanie “Sporty Spice” Chisholm, Emma “Baby Spice” Bunton, Melanie “Scary Spice” Brown and Geri “Ginger Spice” Horner.
Publicist Jo Milloy later released a statement saying “the time now feels right to explore some incredible new opportunities together.”
It said new projects would “embrace the original essence of the Spice Girls, while reinforcing our message of female empowerment for future generations.”
The Sun newspaper says projects could include a TV talent show, though it said Saturday a live tour isn't planned.
The Spice Girls were a 1990s phenomenon, and last reunited at the 2012 London Olympics.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
I played Detroit: Become Human in the company of director David Cage last week. Cage told us that the game is designed to be as fun to watch as it is to play, so when Sony sent us 30 minutes of footage from various episodes of the game, I decided to out that statement to the test. Gita Jackson and I recorded ourselves watching and reacting to the footage. We had a good time talking about how much we want to play the game.
In the video, Gita and I watch 26 minutes of the currently available footage of the game, which Sony newly sent us for this preview, while I tell them about the experience of playing it. In addition to the previously available demos, we saw a lot of new stuff—for example, we got to find out what happens after android Kara and little girl Alice run away from home in the “Stormy Night” scene. Spoiler: you can try to steal a candy bar from a convenience store, and choose to sleep either in a car or an abandoned building. Also, Gita and I talk about how well the androids' clothes fit.
Last week, when Kotaku senior reporter Cecilia D'Anastasio told Cage that Detroit would probably be popular on Twitch, they immediately replied, in a joking tone, “I hope not!” They explained that they wanted players to play the game for themselves, and make their own choices. I told them that watching players make decisions on Twitch is what pushed me toward wanting to carve my own path through Until Dawn, and I imagine that Detroit has even more potential: Cage had explained that Detroit has over 60,000 possibilities in its narrative.
Cage said the game takes about eight hours to play through to one of its many endings, and that many players will want to play the game at least twice. I got a taste of this during my play session last week: as a runaway android named Kara, I got caught shoplifting a chocolate bar at a convenience store. Now I'm wondering if I could have gotten away with stealing that chocolate bar, and if the little girl I was protecting would have spoken different, less despairing dialogue if I'd been able to provide them a chocolate bar.
Detroit has cutting-edge graphics. Its HDR lighting gleamed and glistened beautifully on the 75-inch Sony XBR-Z9D that Sony had somehow gotten into the hotel penthouse where I played the game. Speaking of high dynamic range, it features a performance by Lance Henriksen, known for playing the android Bishop in Alien, as a benevolent, wealthy human owner of an android. Now that's what I call a versatile actor.
Yet nothing impressed me so much as the realization that this is a video game as comfortable to hang out with as an episode of Law & Order. I told Cage, “I want to play this game while eating dinner.” They replied, “Oh.” I meant it, though. I can think of very, very few video games I would want to or be able to play while eating dinner.
Advertisement
Detroit: Become Human will be out for the PS4 on May 25.
You can watch this video on our YouTube channel, by the way. All of our videos are there!
There's even a playlist of just my videos! Wow!
1. Oregon is back: On Wednesday, Oregon put the nation on notice.
The Ducks rallied late to knock off No. 2 UCLA on Matt Court thanks Dillon Brooks, Eugene's resident all-american, hitting a game-winning three with 0.7 seconds left. Two nights later, with No. 22 USC coming to town, Brooks looked every bit the part of an all-american, as they scored 28 points on 10 shots, hitting all four of their threes as the Ducks steam-rolled the Trojans, who had entered Friday night undefeated.
That was Oregon's statement, their warning to the rest of the country that their early season struggles and health issues were behind them.
I was as high as anyone on the Ducks back in September, but I was in the same boat as everyone else after they lost to Baylor and lost to Georgetown and struggled to beat the likes of Boise State and Alabama and UConn. I wasn't going to believe in the Ducks as a title contender until they proved they can be a title contender.
They did that this weekend.
Which means that I'm back on board.
2. The ACC was really weird this weekend: And it doesn't look like that is going to change anytime soon.
Let's start with the obvious: Each of the top four teams in the league took a loss during the first week of conference play. No. 6 Louisville lost at home to No. 12 Virginia, who proceeded to lose at home to No. 20 Florida State. No. 5 Duke got blown out at Virginia Tech, a lot that should tell you there are more issues in Durham than just Grayson Allen's tripping problems. No. 9 North Carolina lost at Georgia Tech, who, along with Boston College, were supposed to be the league's bottom-feeders this season.
Should I mention that Boston College blew out Syracuse on Sunday?
And frankly, this is probably going to be the norm in that conference this season. The teams we all thought were going to struggle to win more than a couple of league games, Boston College and Georgia Tech, both look much more dangerous than they did a month ago. Duke, the juggernaut that was supposed to truck-stick everyone opponent they faced, is clearly at a crossroads of their season. UNC, UVA and Louisville all have flaws. Florida State and Notre Dame are beatable.
The kicker? There are 12 teams in the league that are good enough to push for an at-large berth. It's the most cliché piece of coach-speak there is, but there are no easy games or off-nights in the ACC this season.
RELATED: Player of the Week | Team of the Week | Five Takeaways
You can subscribe to the podcast on iTunes, Stitcher and Audioboom
3. Is Louisville the best team in the league?: I know this sounds crazy five days after Louisville got embarrassed at home by Virginia, but the thing to remember with Louisville is that Virginia is just about the worst possible matchup for them. Styles make fights in college hoops, and what Louisville does well gets taken away by what Virginia is the best in the country at.
And considering that, in the last two weeks, Louisville sandwiched that loss to Virginia with a win over Kentucky and a win over Indiana in Indiana, it's hard to ignore the fact that this team is peaking. Quentin Snider played the best game of their career in the win over Kentucky. Donovan Mitchell played the best game of their career in the win over the Hoosiers. Deng Adel was very good in both. The early-season struggles of those three players is why there are doubts about the Cardinals.
Should I mention that as Louisville is starting to peak, Duke is a mess and North Carolina is losing to Georgia Tech?
Honestly, I think the correct answer is that there isn't a “best team in the ACC”, but Louisville has as good of a chance to win the regular season title as anyone.
4. The Big Ten was weird this weekend, too: It wasn't quite as weird as the ACC was, but after the first week's worth of Big Ten games it's pretty clear that the league is going to be tougher to peg than we thought. It starts with Nebraska, who entered league play having lost six of their last eight games and who will enter next week having won at Indiana and at Maryland, two teams that look like they'll be in the NCAA tournament in March. Then there is Minnesota, who had a 12-1 record during non-conference play and proceeded to lose to an under-manned Michigan State team at home in overtime before beating No. 15 Purdue on the road in overtime.
Wisconsin is quiet clearly the best team in the Big Ten, but before this weekend, I think most observers would have told you that Purdue and Indiana aren't all that far behind the Badgers. Maybe that's wrong.
5. Is it time to start calling Villanova the favorite to win it all?: Our Travis Hines was in Omaha for that game and penned an excellent column on this very subject. I won't totally repeat it here, but I will say this: The freshmen at Duke, Kentucky and UCLA have been as hyped as any freshmen class in recent memory; rightfully so, those dudes are awesome. Baylor has been celebrated because of the fact that no one saw this coming. North Carolina is North Carolina and played the most entertaining game of the year in the most watched game of the year against Kentucky.
And all the while, Villanova just keeps winning.
Yes, they're the reigning champs. Yes, they have a National Player of the Year favorite on their roster. Yes, they're No. 1 in both polls.
But they never seem to be the trendy team, the popular pick to win it all, the favorite among the “experts” in this business. It may be time to change that, because if Villanova's win at No. 10 Creighton taught us anything, it's that know team in the country understands how to win better than the Wildcats. They're cool, calm and collected in pressure moments. They don't rush. They don't panic. They don't force shots.
They execute.
They just win.
Lizzo is no stranger to speaking up or showing off. This year at the 7th Annual Beautycon New York the “Coconut Oil” singer made it clear that she'll be continuing to use their voice inside and outside of the studio to change the world's perception of beauty.
“I've always been fat. I've always been Black. I've always been a woman. I've always had a lot to say and a lot on my mind and so when you share it on the internet people just kind of fuck with it or not,” said Lizzo during the ‘Niche is the Norm' panel where they were joined by Youtube breakout star Nabela Noor, gender non-conforming performance artist, writer, and educator Alok V Menon, and the model Time once dubbed “the new face of the fashion world,” Irene Kim.
A body positive champion whose twerk videos have gotten as much attention as their empowerment anthems Lizzo is one of many plus-size women who have publicly embraced their bodies despite the trolls lurking in every corner of the internet. “Sometime last year I started posting nudes, well not nudes, my bare ass twerking in slow motion,” they said pausing for the audience's zealous applause and encouraging them to “make some noise for my ass in slow motion.”
“I started posting slo-mo twerking videos and it just liberated me in a way that I can't even quite describe. I thought people were gon' be like ew put them things away like don't anybody wanna see all of that! But people were like ‘I love this', “I love you”, ‘thank you for being yourself', “this is incredible.”
RELATED: Why We Should Be Celebrating Zendaya For Calling Out Colorism In Hollywood At Beautycon
The panelists discussed the pressure that came with occupying such public spaces and Lizzo acknowledged that they are not immune to the expectations of respectability politics saying that “when you get to a certain platform though and you have a certain amount of followers there is this implied responsibility.” But while they concede that the pressure is there they refuse to be controlled by it “I just said fuck it. I'm gonna continue to be me, the same Lizzo if I had five followers to five million followers. I think I just speak my mind and think that's why people connect on Instagram because they see through the bullshit. They see through the commercial scripting and when they see real people they just wanna fuck with them.”
The artist hopes that others will be inspired to learn who they are from their music. “I don't tell nobody else to do nothing. I'm not a preacher that's not my job. But everyday as I'm discovering my self-love and discovering my self-worth and emoting that journey in a bop I can only hope that people who hear that can inspire themselves to do the same.”
Often asked to describe the specific moment where they decided to love themselves they used the day's appearance to dispel the myth that there's an “aha” moment in everyone's journey.
“I just want everyone to know that it's not going to be one day you look up and you're like oh my gosh suddenly I love myself! There is no moment. There are moments and it's gonna be ugly sometimes. It's gonna be pretty sometimes. It's gon' be sexy. It's gon' be sexless. And then you're going to look up and you're going to see the journey that you're on and you're going to finally be able to celebrate it.”
As the panel came to a close the audience begged for an up close and personal view of a Lizzo twerk session and they obliged bouncing up and down on the Beautycon couch in their bright sundress without a hint of self-consciousness reminding the crowd chanting “twerk, twerk” of the undeniable fact they already knew “I'm fine as hell!”
DON'T MISS:
Why We Should Be Celebrating Zendaya For Calling Out Colorism In Hollywood At Beautycon
FAB FINDS: 15 Black Beauty Influencers And Makeup Lovers At Beautycon Share Their ‘Must Have' Beauty Products
LET'S MAKEUP: Here Are The Beauty Products You Need For Dewy Skin Like Chloe x Halle
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Ask us your questions about where you live
Have you got a question about Derbyshire?
Is there something you have seen or heard that you would like us to investigate?
It could be a burning issue, or something you have always wondered about.
Use the tool below to send us your question.
We could be in touch and your question could make the news.
Source: Sports Illustrated
Justin Barrasso has an article at Sports Illustrated with WWE Hall of Famer Bret "The Hitman" Hart talking about the amount of respect The Undertaker had backstage. Below are a couple of highlights:
"I wrote 'Taker a letter when I left. I said, 'You have to be the voice of the dressing room and the leader now that I'm gone.' I always felt that I was the leader of the dressing room and looked after everything. If guys had a problem, they could come to me and I'd go to Vince and say, 'This guy has a problem, maybe you can help him.' Then 'Taker stepped in and became that guy. A lot of times they had to straighten out guys like Shawn Michaels and stand up for the other wrestlers. Undertaker was always a force in the dressing room."
See Also Bruce Prichard Reveals Idea For The Undertaker To Be In A Tag Team, Thinks Taker Will Wrestle Again
Undertaker's match with Roman Reigns at WrestleMania 33:
"I liked their final moment. I enjoyed their last match, and I thought they gave their all. He'll forever be one of the wrestling giants, and they are one of the guys I respected the most."
Bret also discussed Taker being "a man's man," wrestling Taker at SummerSlam '97, Undertaker telling Vince McMahon to go to Bret's locker room after the Montreal screwjob and more.
Follow Raj Giri on Twitter at @RajGiri_303. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
Northern Ireland manager Michael O'Neill hopes Paddy McNair can sort out their future at Sunderland sooner rather than later.
McNair has attracted the interest of several Premier League clubs with Brighton putting in a two million pound bid for the player.
Sunderland boss Chris Coleman has hailed the late season form of Paddy McNair
And O'Neill after watching their side draw 0-0 away to Panama is sure McNair could play at the highest level.
“I hope their club situation sorts itself out. I know what they are capable of.
“His running power and quality is evident to see, and they are so determined to get back to the Premier League and hopefully they get that chance.
“Paddy McNair is a Premier League player.
“The reason they aren't is because of their injury. They joined Sunderland when they were in the Premier League. They then had a bad injury and Sunderland were relegated.
“But you've seen the quality in the last five or six games of the season. They scored four or five goals at the end of last season.”
And ONeill says their sights are now on qualification for Euro 2020.
“We have some new young players coming through for us but we have experience as well.
“This is the start for us building towards Euro 2020. We have played South Korea and beaten them and they are going to the World Cup. And now we have come here and drawn with Panama so the team is continuing to develop and we have high expectations for Euro 2020.”
More on pages 54-55
DUP politicians have strongly condemned those responsible for burning an Eleventh night bonfire at Magherafet in the early hours of this morning.
In a joint statement, Mid Ulster MLA Keith Buchanan and Councillor Paul McLean claimed Mid Ulster District Council's plans to introduce bonfire licenses has raised tension.
“Bonfires are an important part of celebrations for many people in the run up to the July 12," they said.
"The decision to introduce licencing on bonfires has raised tensions across the Mid Ulster area and this latest incident would appear to be a further attempt to create further problems.
"Those responsible must be condemned and we would appeal for there to be no reaction to such provocation. The bonfire at Leckagh is a well managed, community led celebration. It is a positive demonstration of culture which everyone should want to see emulated.
"We have no doubt that, whilst it will take a great deal of work, this bonfire will still take place. Those who attempted to spoil the event will not be successful."
The British Truth Forum who were behind erecting the Union flag in Magherafelt town centre last year, said they believed it is "an attack on our British culture and heritage."
"As ever this attack will make the British people stronger and they will build a better bigger bonfire and will always say no surrender," said a spokesperson.
Japanese club to coach kids at Crown
Football coaches from Japanese League third-division club Giravanz Kitakyushu will conduct after-school coaching clinics from February 21-23 for youngsters in the U10, U13 and U16 age groups, Phnom Penh Crown have announced.
The clinics at Crown's RSN Stadium are part of a program organised by the J-League and the Japan Football Association, in tandem with the Japan Foundation Asian Center and Crown.
This initiative, with selected J-League clubs providing opportunities in a number of ASEAN countries for cultural exchanges and development cooperation, will benefit both the youngsters and the Japanese coaches involved.
Giravanz are based in Kitakyushu, Fukuoka prefecture, a sister city of Phnom Penh. The club were relegated from J-League 2 last season.
Yokohama F Marinos (Thailand), Kawasaki Frontale (Vietnam), FC Tokyo (Indonesia), Omiya Ardija (Laos), Shonan Bellmare (Philippines), Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo (Malaysia), Cerezo Osaka (Myanmar) and Matsumoto Yamaga (Singapore) are other J-League clubs working in ASEAN countries.
Whenever the Government spends money on something it should improve people's lives. From education to the justice system, building infrastructure to hiring doctors, governments need to make sure all of their policies do good. In an easier world, this would be the only requirement on governments when making a decision. However, unfortunately our resources are finite.
This leaves us in a situation where by spending our resources tackling one problem, we are in practice taking money away from somewhere else, and reducing one good in favour of another. So when government spends money on our behalf it should seek not only to do good, but to do the most good that is possible with every euro spent.
In order to do this within healthcare, many countries try to capture a new treatment's ability to extend a person's life and the extent to which it improves the quality of their life. This is often done by using a quality-adjusted life year (QALY). One QALY is equal to one year in good health, and any treatment that either improves the quality or the length of someone's life will have a positive score.
Even if we increase the amount of tax we pay, we will ultimately come up against a wall where there are only so many hospitals that the country can build and doctors we're able to support
A UK study found that for every £13,000 (€16,230) the NHS spends on additional doctors, nurses, ambulances, hospital equipment, etc. it can generate one additional QALY. While similar research has not been undertaken in Ireland, there is every reason to believe that the results would be about the same here.
This means that if a hospital spends £130,000 extending a person's life by a year, they have in practice taken so much money out of the system that it would have been possible to give 10 QALYs to somebody else.
Limits
Even if we increase the amount of tax we pay, we will ultimately come up against a wall where there are only so many hospitals that the country can build and doctors we're able to support. These are not just monetary limits, but limits on people's time, space and other social resources.
It is hard to point to the person who died because Tallaght hospital did not have enough trauma doctors on call at 3am
Given the unavoidable fact that we'll never be able to save every person's life nor stop every individual from suffering, we must prioritise. The question is: how? There is a human tendency to fund the tangible and easy to spot. When government reduces money spent on preventative care or emergency doctors, we know that some patients will lose out, but we don't know who.
It is hard to point to the person who died because Tallaght hospital did not have enough trauma doctors on call at 3am. Some would have died anyway, but which ones? Certainly these people do not know in advance that they require a service, and are not in a good position to make emotional pleas.
In contrast, if the State decides not to fund a drug for a particular illness because of high cost, it is easy to point to the people who lose out, and hard to remove yourself from the emotional arguments about the good that funding this drug will do.
When deciding which positive interventions to fund we thus have a choice: we can let politicians decide and put pressure on them to fund the products with the strongest emotional pull, or we can have health professionals rigorously assess the value for money of different interventions, and fund the ones that will help the most people. The second approach seeks to take emotion out of decision-making, which can be hard, but it means that on average people get to live longer, healthier lives.
"At a time when our health system is struggling to stay afloat, we should focus the resources we have where they can achieve the most good for the greatest number of people possible." File photograph: Getty Images
Last week the Government decided to fund the drug Orkambi. This is a good example of something that greatly improves people's lives. Orkambi offers a huge step forward for cystic fibrosis (CF) sufferers, it can improve lung capacity by 3 per cent and reduce the number of times that sufferers need be hospitalised by a third.
Wonder drug
By choosing to fund this drug, the Government is able to improve people's lives. Indeed, 10 years of Orkambi treatment are estimated to add 3.2 QALYs on to a patient's life, when compared with current treatment. But, while I am delighted for Irish CF sufferers who will now have access to this wonder drug, at about €100,000 per year of treatment, I believe the State has made a mistake in choosing to protect the tangible at the expense of the hard to identify.
At this price Orkambi will cost the State about €620,000 for 10 years compared with current treatment costs (this includes the savings the drug generates in lower hospitalisation). This means we will spend €190,000 for every additional QALY that a person with CF receives, about 12 times more than it would cost to achieve the same benefit elsewhere in our health system.
After 10 years of underinvestment, the Irish health system is deeply short of new medical equipment, we are short on doctors, on nurses and we do not have enough hospital beds. At a time when our health system is struggling to stay afloat, we should focus the resources we have, where they can achieve the most good for the greatest number of people possible, rather than cherry-picking people based on how sad their story appears.
Anthony McDonnell is an economist with the Wellcome Trust and is writing in a personal capacity
Maritime leader to implement data science and advanced machine learning technology for operational efficiency, revenue growth and enhanced customer service
SAN FRANCISCO, CA--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - ClearMetal, the predictive logistics company using machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI) technology to unlock new efficiencies for global trade, today announced an engagement with Nile Dutch, one of the world's top 25 container and breakbulk shipping companies, providing liner services between West African ports and Europe, South Africa, South America, North America and Asia.
"Managing fleet and container utilization against a backdrop of fluctuating demand in today's highly complex market can be challenging," said Mark Kraaijenbrink, Director Information and Communications Technology for Nile Dutch. "We are always seeking innovative solutions to gain a competitive edge and ClearMetal's machine learning technology for predictive logistics appears to provide a significant advantage over any other industry methods and tools we've seen."
Predictive logistics will enable Nile Dutch to improve container flow and vessel fleet utilization through advanced prediction of customer bookings and container flow movements. Nile Dutch will leverage ClearMetal's Data Intelligence Platform to:
Make better sense of its supply chain data
Deploy industry-tailored machine-learning based technology to predict logistics based on granular supply chain performance history, data and patterns
Leverage deep simulation outputs to predict container supply and demand, and customer behaviors on the part of freight forwarders and shippers, earlier and with far greater accuracy than ever before
"ClearMetal's approach to harvesting data and overlaying advanced technology will quickly move us to the forefront in applying predictive logistics and AI to our commercial and operational activities," continued Kraaijenbrink. "This results in better service for customers and greater opportunities for us to grow."
"We are taking a fundamentally different approach to helping our customers understand and navigate the global trade network," said Adam Compain, CEO of ClearMetal. "We're excited to partner with Nile Dutch to deliver differentiated technology that further accelerates the company's growth and profitability, while becoming a more effective partner to its customers. Nile Dutch is a very forward looking company that shares our belief that the future of the supply chain will be about data intelligence over scale."
About Nile Dutch
Nile Dutch has grown to be in the top 25 largest container and breakbulk shipping companies. With over 30 years' experience, Nile Dutch focuses on creating links between Africa and the rest of the world, supporting businesses as they discover the opportunities the African continent offers. Its modern fleet of 30 ships allows Nile Dutch to offer short and reliable transit times to key destinations in the region at attractive rates. Customers can do business with Nile Dutch in their own language, as Nile Dutch has a large worldwide network of offices and an excellent customer service. From any one of its 85 offices and agencies around the world, including 19 within West Africa alone, Nile Dutch creates personal connections, listening to its customers and stakeholders and striving for operational excellence in every aspect of its business. To learn more, visit www.niledutch.com.
About ClearMetal
ClearMetal is a predictive logistics company that uses AI and machine learning to unlock new efficiencies for global trade. ClearMetal uses its Data Intelligence platform to organize logistics data, making it accessible via APIs and machine-intelligence ready, while industry-tailored machine learning and AI is layered on via various applications to deliver unprecedented predictive accuracy and profitability gains. Developed by top software engineers from Stanford University and Silicon Valley, ClearMetal's technology predicts nearly all events in the shipment cycle -- enabling asset allocation and trade management decisions that deliver tremendous value for carriers, forwarders, terminals, and shippers. Based in San Francisco, ClearMetal is advised by Ron Widdows and funded by the founders of Navis and GT Nexus, NEA, and the chairperson of Google Eric Schmidt's venture firm. To learn more, visit www.clearmetal.com.
Embedded Video Available: https://www.bloomberg.com/news/videos/2017-03-23/optimizing-the-world-s-12t-seaborne-trade-video
Warehousing and logistics sector has been thriving as the spine of industrial activities in India and is enticing significant investor interest in the past few years. Lately, the growth of the sector has accelerated with the launch of strong initiatives like Make in India, National Manufacturing Policy (NMP) and favorable policy regimes allowing 100% Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) in e-tailing marketplace, coupled with impending roll-out of the Goods and Services Tax (GST). Moreover, rapid growth in e-commerce, retail, fast moving consumer goods (FMCG), auto and auto ancillary, chemical and pharmaceutical industries are driving the demand further and hence pushing the enormous warehousing volume growth to next level.
“The organized warehousing sector is poised for an interesting time ahead in the short to medium term, as the envisaged spurt in demand for organized top quality warehousing is expected to exceed available quality supply in major cities across India. Dearth in quality supply and escalating land prices have always remained the woes of large manufacturing companies and e-commerce companies that are constantly expanding their footprint. It is a good time for developers / investors to evaluate this sector to add to quality organized warehousing infrastructure keeping in perspective the latent demand and consolidation/expansion expected post GST roll out”, said Shyam Arumugam, Associate Director, Office Services, Colliers International India.
As per Colliers Research, several international companies are hopeful about the Indian logistics market with announcements of various global players to increase their capacity of transporting goods back and forth from Indian cities. Few companies like FedEx, Kintesu World Express, DHL and TNT have already entered India, through mergers, acquisitions and joint ventures engaged with Indian logistics companies. Recently, Canada Pension Plan Investment Board's (CPPIB) acquisition of a majority stake in IndoSpace, for ~USD500 million, marked the largest industrial and logistics deal in India. We also noted that the e-commerce logistics businesses are highly optimistic on the rise of demand for supply chain services in India and quite a few companies' like Amazon, Delhivery and 4tigo Network Logistics secured infusion of funds on their warehousing activities recently. Also the warehousing occupiers like Amazon and DHL announced plans to expand their warehouses in near future.
With a vision to lift India amongst the top 5 manufacturing destinations in the world by 2020, various government initiatives are dedicating greater focus on setting up superior manufacturing infrastructure in the country. NMP has been framed to increase the share of manufacturing in the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) from 16% to 25% by 2022. Furthermore, the setting up of clustered developments like National Investment and Manufacturing Zone (NIMZ) by aggregating production units, logistics, public utilities, residential areas and administrative services within the zones at strategic industrial locations, is determined to promote emergence of promising warehousing corridors around respective industrial regions.
Colliers Research further believes that such additional attention is likely to enhance the growth of sectors with competitive advantage in India, such as automobiles, pharmaceuticals, aerospace, shipping, IT hardware & electronics, telecom equipment and employment-intensive industries like textiles and garments, leather and footwear, gems and jewelry and food processing industries. GST is on the cards to act as a key catalyst for the rise of warehousing market in India by eliminating multilayered tax system and state borders, thus creating a common marketplace across the country. GST will also notably reduce the total costs of the logistics industry due to warehouse optimization. At present, most companies have set up multiple small warehouses of ~4,000-10,000 sq ft across the country to save taxes on inter-state movement. On the implementation of GST, the need to have several small warehouses will be reduced and larger consolidated warehouses will be established at strategic locations.
Colliers Research can foresee that besides rapid expansions, the biggest challenge that India's warehousing market would face is the acquisition of a feasible land parcel. Land cost shares the largest component of a warehousing project. While the land price is dependent upon multiple factors like development control regulations, infrastructure development and the best alternate land use, rental values will depend primarily on the connectivity, demand and supply factors in respective cities. It is recommended that warehousing developers acquire land at a feasible cost, as it will be the key when it comes to warehouse investment.
One of the highlights of Northern Ireland's 3-1 defeat to Germany came courtesy of defender Conor McLaughlin's ridiculous double nutmeg.
The Millwall full-back bamboozled both Julian Draxler and Marvin Plattenhardt with a sublime piece of skill and left many on Twitter singing theirs praises.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa's financial model will change massively according to whether they are promoted back to the Premier League or not.
But whether it's the millions on offer in the top flight, or cutting the cloth more modestly in the Championship - everyone loves a bargain.
And there are a few to be had out there with a host of top flight stars set to be out of contract at the end of the current campaign.
So whether it's a John Terry-style infusion of experience, or a slightly longer-term arrangement, there are candidates out there.
Arsenal
Santi Cazorla, Jack Wilshere
AFC Bournemouth
Artur Boruc, Rhoys Wiggins
Brighton & Hove Albion
Niki Maenpaa, Uwe Hunemeier, Steve Sidwell, Liam Rosenior, Tim Krul
Burnley
Dean Marney, Stephen Ward, Scott Arfield
Chelsea
Willy Caballero, Eduardo, Matej Delac
Crystal Palace
Wayne Hennessey, Julian Speroni, Diego Cavalieri, Yohan Cabaye, Damien Delaney, James McArthur, Bakary Sako, Martin Kelly, Chung-Yong Lee, Joel Ward, Erdal Rakip
Everton
Joel Robles
PODCAST
Huddersfield
Robert Green
Dean Whitehead
Leicester City
Ben Hamer, Robert Huth, Aleksandar Dragovic
Liverpool
Emre Can
Manchester City
Yaya Toure
Manchester United
Marouane Fellaini, Luke Shaw
Newcastle United
Jesús Gámez, Massadio Haidara
Southampton
Stuart Taylor, Jeremy Pied
Stoke City
Glen Johnson, Charlie Adam, Stephen Ireland, Jese, Jakob Haugaard, Konstantinos Stafylidis
Swansea City
Leon Britton, Angel Rangel, Sung-Yeung Ki, Kenji Gorre
Tottenham Hotspur
Michel Vorm
Watford
Orestis Karnezi, Miguel Britos, Molla Wague, Andre Carrillo
West Bromwich Albion
Boaz Myhill, James Morrison, Gareth McAuley, Claudio Yacob
At present, value of the global safety needles market is estimated to be s worth US$ 3,752.2 Mn, and it is estimated to reach US$ 7,765.7 Mn by 2027-end, witnessing a CAGR of 6.9% during this forecast period. The growing focus on utilization of prefilled syringes for treatment of several ailments is fuelling the demand for safety needles across the globe. Factors such as changing lifestyle habits, exposure to hormones and infection by HCV are expected to result in gynaecological cancers. Rising incidence rate of gynaecological cancers, coupled with higher presence of lower-back problems in regions such as the US are driving the demand for spine needles and other types of safety needles.
Report overview@ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/safety-needle-market
Hypodermic needles, as a product, will dominate the market, and is expected to account for 18.1% share during the forecast period. However, biopsy needles are expected to witness the fastest revenue growth at 8.6% CAGR.
Hospital pharmacies are estimated to account for more than half of safety needles being distributed globally, while private clinics are expected to garner over US$ 1,300 Mn through 2027.
Drug delivery application of safety needles is expected to gain 242 BPS in its market share. In addition, sample collection is projected to create an absolute $ opportunity of around US$ 1,840 Mn in 2017 over 2016.
Leading companies are participating in campaigns in co-ordination with governments of several economies for raising awareness about unsafe use of reusable needles among patients. Increasing prevalence of HIV & blood-borne diseases, owing to needle injuries, has also urged the companies for development of needles with enhanced safety features.
Request to sample report@ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-2029
Summary of Table of Content
1. Executive Summary
2. Market Introduction
3. Global Safety Needles Market Analysis Scenario
4. Market Dynamics
5. Global Safety Needles Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Product Type
6. Global Safety Needles Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Application
7. Global Safety Needles Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Distribution Channel
8. Global Safety Needles Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Region
9. North America Safety Needles Market Analysis and Forecast
10. Latin America Safety Needles Market Analysis and Forecast
11. Western Europe Safety Needles Market Analysis and Forecast
12. Eastern Europe Safety Needles Market Analysis and Forecast
13. APEJ Safety Needles Market Analysis and Forecast
14. Japan Safety Needles Market Analysis and Forecast
15. MEA Safety Needles Market Analysis and Forecast
16. Competition Landscape
17. Assumptions and Acronyms Used
18. Research Methodology
Request to Browse Full Table of Content, figure and Tables@ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-2029
CONTACT:
Future Market Insights
616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018,
Valley Cottage, NY 10989,
United States
T: +1-347-918-3531
F: +1-845-579-5705
Email: sales@futuremarketinsights.com
Website: www.futuremarketinsights.com
WINCHESTER — The city is asking residents to fill out a survey from the Illinois Commerce Commission about gas safety.
According to Mayor Rex McIntire, the Illinois Commerce Commission received a return of fewer than 10 percent of 600 surveys mailed out by a company called Paradigm.
“They tell me that almost every town around has to low of a response,” McIntire said. “We wanted to get a jump start on letting people know.”
The survey focuses on providing gas safety awareness. McIntire said it helps remind people of such things as how to recognize a natural gas leak and where the shut off valve is located.
The survey includes a pre-paid return envelope.
“It's very important that people take the time to do this,” McIntire said. “It only takes a few minutes to fill it out and send it to them and it's a good thing, because it makes people aware of safety issues.”
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Supreme Court is hearing arguments in a free speech fight over California's attempt to regulate anti-abortion crisis pregnancy centers.
The case being argued Tuesday involves information required by a state law that the centers must provide clients about the availability of contraception, abortion and pre-natal care, at little or no cost. Centers that are unlicensed also must post a sign that says so.
The centers say that they are being forced to deliver a message with which they disagree because their aim is to steer women away from abortion.
California and abortions rights group that backed the law say its goal is to provide accurate information about the range of options facing a pregnant woman.
Advertisement
The outcome also could affect laws in other states that seek to regulate doctors' speech.
In Louisiana, Texas and Wisconsin, doctors must display a sonogram and describe the fetus to most pregnant women considering an abortion, according to the Guttmacher Institute, which supports abortion rights. Similar laws have been blocked in Kentucky, North Carolina and Oklahoma.
Doctors' speech has also been an issue in non-abortion cases. A federal appeals court struck down parts of a 2011 Florida law that sought to prohibit doctors from talking about gun safety with their patients. Under the law, doctors faced fines and the possible loss of their medical licenses for discussing guns with patients.
In another lawsuit over regulating crisis pregnancy centers, a federal appeals court in New York struck down parts of a New York City ordinance, although it upheld the requirement for unlicensed centers to say that they lack a license.
The abortion-rights group NARAL Pro-Choice California was a prime sponsor of the California law. NARAL contends that the centers mislead women about their options and try to pressure them to forgo abortion. Estimates of the number of crisis pregnancy centers in the U.S. run from 2,500 to more than 4,000, compared with fewer than 1,500 abortion providers, women's rights groups said in a Supreme Court filing.
California's law was challenged by the National Institute of Family and Life Advocates, an organization with ties to 1,500 pregnancy centers nationwide and 140 in California.
NEW YORK (AP) — McDonald's says it has reached a settlement with a U.S. labor agency over a lawsuit that could have decided if the fast-food company should be liable for hiring, pay and other decisions made at its franchised restaurants.
The lawsuit, filed in 2016 by the National Labor Relations Board, contended that McDonald's should be considered a "joint employer" with its franchises. But the settlement, if approved by a judge, would squash that.
NLRB did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
McDonald's Corp., based in Oak Brook, Illinois, says the settlement is the first step toward ending "wasteful multi-year litigation."
Source: Hannibal TV
Former WWE Tag Team Champion Davey Boy Smith was recently interviewed by Hannibal TV. Here are some of the highlights from their conversation:
"Traveled all over Japan, the UK, I just did some shows in Ireland last month, of course I'm down here, I'm in Canada, Los Angeles training. Like James Bond you know?"
Their work with New Japan Pro Wrestling (NJPW):
"I'm working with New Japan Pro Wrestling pretty much full time. There's been a little bit of a bump in the road with my partner Lance Archer, they had back surgery for a ruptured disk that they needed to get removed. It sucks but that's what we do. So I have a little bit of a break from there. I'll be in Great North Wrestling. I'm also going back to the UK in May as well. Looking forward to being back in New Japan in the Summer after Lance is okay to come back."
Working with Jeff Jarrett and World Of Sport:
"It's awesome. World Of Sport is great, I really see it taking off. As far as I know right now they have a really good TV deal lined up. I was lucky to be on the first episode, the TV pilot they just did. That came up as a last minute thing, like I said world traveler, I went from San Jose after a show to World Of Sport. That night I wrestled and then I flew all the way to Japan and then as soon as I landed I wrestled that night. World Of Sport is going to be great. There's a show my dad debuted on, 33 or so odd years ago, and just being back over to the UK the amount of impact my dad had over there with the wrestling fans is awesome. I hope to show the UK fans what I can do as a singles competitor over there and I'm looking forward to it. I worked a little bit with Jeff in the past, and working with them with this new World Of Sport is gonna be an awesome experience so I'm looking forward to it all."
Why their father or Jim Neidhart aren't in the Hall Of Fame yet:
"Well why he's not in there already is kind of baffling, but that's the way it is. Maybe it's the right time, right opportunity. Why Jim Neidhart isn't in there already is also a real head-scratcher. I don't know. Certainly Jim is looking like he's in good shape. It'd be great to see them inducted next year, why a lot of people aren't I'm not sure. Someone like Owen Hart I understand because Martha is really against that. I don't see that changing unfortunately. It's just a timing thing I think. Jim can say whatever they want, he's The Anvil."
If you use any of the quotes in this article, please credit Hannibal TV with an H/T to Wrestling Inc. for the transcription.
Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
It's been a couple of weeks so honestly, you may think that you know everything there is to know about what went down on May 19th at the royal wedding of the newly-minted Duke and Duchess of Sussex. But...do you really?
Because Olympic figure skater and Dancing with the Stars champ Adam Rippon is here to prove you royally wrong.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Well, not really wrong, but they definitely provide a little more important ~intel~. Like, for example, did you know that Rippon themselves helped Meghan Markle do a quick-change from their stunning and classic ceremony gown to their straight-up fire reception dress? Yeah, we bet you didn't.
Watch the full video for the most comprehensive recap of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding that you'll ever see.
Producers: Amanda Kabbabe + Erika Trombley
Videographer: Andy Clancy
Editor: Josh Archer
Production Assistant: Scott Kidwell
Carter Page, a foreign policy adviser to Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign, was the subject of a secret surveillance warrant. A controversial Republican memo made public Friday attacks the FBI's basis for seeking permission to eavesdrop on Page. J. Scott Applewhite AP
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
THE REGULARS
ALBERT ADOMAH 4.5
Has the ability to trouble full-backs in this division and we have seen fleeting glimpses of it - but their moments of quality and too few and far between.
Although their record of three goals and six assists is not bad they are capable of more.
It might just be a winger thing, but they can tend to go missing in games.
JORDAN AMAVI 4
The 'revelation' from the owner that Villa supposedly rejected a £25 million offer for Amavi has hardly helped the young Frenchman.
Same of old story. Looks promising going forward, looks susceptible defensively.
Bruce making a new left-back - Swansea's Neil Taylor - one of their priorities doesn't bode well for Amavi, who was even left out when Villa switched to a wing-back system.
The ex-Nice man is, well... too nice. They need to show more grit and determination.
GABBY AGBONLAHOR 3.5
Their recall was a major shock. Their continued goal drought less so.
Agbonlahor earned plaudits from Bruce for trying to shape up and showing an improved attitude, which is surely the minimum requirement of a professional.
Starved of service in some games, just anonymous in others. Their liveliest performance was against Preston before they tore their hamstring in training.
LEANDRO BACUNA 4
They have wanted it to be a season of redemption after their part in last year's relegation. Their attitude has been better and there have been brief moments of promise. Still hindered by being a jack of all trades, master of none, and it is hard to recall too many times when they have really made a difference in games.
NATHAN BAKER 5
Looked solid for most part this season and their loan spell at Bristol City last term seemed to have made them Championship-ready.
Seemed to be forming a strong central defensive partnership with James Chester.
Never going to be a ball playing defender, but can be a physically commanding one. Has wobbled in line with many of their colleagues lately with several lapses and needs to do better when they find themselves in goalscoring positions.
The no-nonsense centre-half has scored just one goal this season and missed a stack of other chances.
MARK BUNN 4
Has had to play second fiddle to two rookie goalkeepers, Pierluigi Gollini and now Sam Johnstone.
Both of their younger colleagues have struggled at times, but so did Bunn, mixing fine saves with sloppy errors during their brief run in the first team around Christmas time.
Destined to be an understudy rather than the No.1 it seems.
JAMES CHESTER 6
Until recently the player of the season competition was a two horse race - and they were one of them.
For most of the season they have tended to have that knack of keeping their head while all around were losing theirs.
Lately even their reliability has dipped. Still they are definitely the most deserving of the captain's armband that came their way early in Bruce's tenure.
The manager rates the Welshman having worked with them at Hull City and likes their composure under pressure.
TOMMY ELPHICK 3.5
Started the season as an imposing leader, but started to creak during the final games of Roberto Di Matteo's brief reign.
Their commitment and professionalism have impressed the manager, but not sufficiently for Elphick to reclaim a regular spot in Bruce's starting XI after they originally lost their place to Baker through injury.
Looks nervy and liable to make mistakes.
GARY GARDNER 4
Scoring their first senior goal for Villa - and an impressive one at that - against Blues in the Second City derby is the obvious highlight. Other than that they have struggled to impact on games enough.
Awarded a new contract by Bruce, who clearly sees a Villa future for him, but they have been shunted down the midfield pecking order by a furry of central signings.
Needs to show that they can offer something different if they get a run in the team.
JACK GREALISH 4
They will be disappointed with their contribution so far this season.
There have been some moments of class, but they don't make the most of their ability on a consistent basis.
 They are struggling to live up to expectations, does not play on the front foot enough and is yet to heed warnings about their petulance.
Credit to them for actually scoring goals this season because not many of their team-mates have managed that but, clearly, they need to improve in times ahead to keep their place.
ANDRE GREEN 5
Bruce has hailed them as a rare positive in recent weeks. They have made three starts and eight substitute appearances this season.
They have ability and is feeling their way into the first team set up. Could do with an assist to really spark their confidence but their positive runs and fearless approach give Villa something different.
ALAN HUTTON 4
He's durable! Despite the arrivals of Ritchie De Laet last summer and James Bree last month they still find themselves in the team - with both players injured (no, they didn't kick them in training!).
Hutton's commitment cannot be questioned, their concentration and positioning can, especially when they make those often futile forward bursts and struggles to get back quick enough.
MILE JEDINAK 5.5
Strange one. There were times when they looked to be labouring, but the stats say Villa have more chance of winning when they play.
Provides a layer of protection in front of the defence, aerially and on the deck, even if they are not as mobile as they were in their Crystal Palace heyday.
Bruce knows what they will get from the Australian battler and the sooner they return from injury the better because Villa haven't won a single game without them this term since they joined from Palace.
JONATHAN KODJIA 6
Scores goals. In fact their 12-goal tally is just three shorts of half Villa's 30-goal Championship haul.
It's little wonder they don't bother passing!
In all seriousness, they do need to work on their game as a team player. Tends to dwell too long on the ball, do too much or shoot rather than looking up to find a team-mate.
While they can be frustrating at times, he's saved Villa on so many occasions this season and deserves the highest rating of the bunch.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Villa fans react to fourth straight defeat Share this video Watch Next
BIT PART PLAYERS
KEINAN DAVIS 4
Not had much chance to impress but the fact they are even in the first team squad is a credit to their attitude and development.
RITCHIE DE LAET 4
Did okay during their three games before a cruel cruciate ligament injury ended their season in mid September.
RUSHIAN HEPBURN-MURPHY 4
Hard to judge from 12 minutes in two substitute cameos, but they Davis and Agbonlahor are now Villa's back up strikers.
MICAH RICHARDS 3.5
It's easy to forget they are still here. Poor in the cup against Luton, so-so as a sub at Ipswich, injured in Bruce's first game against Wolves.
GONE (FOR GOOD OR FOR NOW)
JORDAN AYEW 4
Unable to repeat their impact from last season in terms of scoring. Only managed three goals and became a peripheral figure under Bruce.
Sulky and selfish at times, but possessed quality. Would have been worth keeping were it not for the fact their fee helped fund the signing of Scott Hogan.
ALY CISSOKHO 3.5
Conceding penalties in Bruce's first two games spelled the end for Cissokho. Just another player in the 'distinctly average' category that Villa has made a habit of signing in the past half a decade.
RUDY GESTEDE 4
Another one who is a Villa felt was of less use than the cash they brought in. It was great business to recoup £6 million, even if it did dent Villa's back up options in attack.
Found the net four times, found their opportunities limited. Villa never got the best out of him, but rarely crossed the ball to their head.
ROSS MCCORMACK 3.5
Glimpses of quality, but lacked the form and fitness. The £12 million man scored three goals. Gate-Gate did not reflect well on him. Will score goals for Forest, but could return to be the new Charles N'Zogbia, sitting on a big long contract.
PIERLUIGI GOLLINI 3
Always got a mistake in him. Cost Villa points with a series of errors. A loan return to Italy suited all parties concerned, but they still have plenty of potential for the future. Did they want it enough? Only time will tell.
AARON TSHIBOLA 4
Big things were expected of them when they arrived, but they were unable to deliver. Admittedly, largely because a lack of opportunities. Of their fleeting appearances there were some encouraging displays and some disappointing ones. Like most of their team-mates.
ASHLEY WESTWOOD 4
Often a scapegoat, it was the right time to move. A consummate professional who was more dependable than dynamic when Villa were crying out for both.
THE NEW BOYS
BIRKIR BJARNASON 4
Switched around a bit in their first few games. Played as an advanced midfielder and a left wing-back. Combatitive, but a bit rusty.
It takes time to settle into new surroundings but Villa are sure they've got a decent player for times ahead.
JAMES BREE 5
Another whose introduction has been disrupted by injury. Played well on their debut at Nottingham Forest, but has been sidelined since.
SCOTT HOGAN 4.5
Lively first game at Nottingham Forest. Works hard, makes good runs. Needs their first goal as their frustration is already starting to show.
CONOR HOURIHANE 4.5
Not for the want of trying, but it hasn't clicked for the Irish midfielder yet. They look willing, but there have been no signs of their Barnsley magic yet.
SAM JOHNSTONE 3.5
Challenging start for the young Manchester United loanee. A couple of slips have proved costly and made them and their defence anxious.
Time is on their side as a young goalkeeper and he's working extremely hard on the training field to improve their game after missing a lot of football through injury last year.
HENRI LANSBURY 4.5
Made a particularly encouraging debut against Preston. Since then they have been so-so as Bruce tinkers with the system.
NEIL TAYLOR 5
Did reasonably well during their first 70 minutes in a Villa shirt, but has been hampered by illness and injury.
Veteran international campaigner Lee Vann Corteza earned a spot in the knockout phase after topping the group stage of the 77th World 14.1 Straight Pool Championship being held at the Steinway Billiards in New York City.
Advertisements
Corteza got the top seeding following their 6-1 win-loss card in Group 2.
On the final day of elimination, Corteza toppled Americans Tom Karabotsos via an impressive 100-18 decision and James Heller by virtue of another sterling 100-15 victory.
Corteza, the reigning US Open 14.1 Straight Pool champion, earlier blasted Americans Jorge Rodriguez (100-36), Bob Coates (100-45) and John Schott (100-0), and Rhys Chen of Jamaica (100-69).
The Filipino cue master suffered their lone defeat at the hands of four-time World 14.1 Straight Pool champion Thorsten Hohmann of Germany (45-100) in the second day of the tournament sanctioned by the World Pool-Billiard Association.
Hohmann and Hernandez both ended the elimination round with the same 6-1 cards.
But the two players wound up second and third, respectively, when the quotient system applied.
Heller was fourth with 4-3 while Schott, Karabotsos and Chen were in fifth with 2-5 each.
Without a win in seven games, Coates has been eliminated in the tournament.
Leading Group 1 were Del Sim of Scotland (7-0), defending champion Mike Immonen of Finland (6-1), and Americans Danny Hariman (5-2) and Robert Magdejilan (4-3) while Darren Appleton of Great Britain (7-0), and Americans Tony Robles (6-1) and Hunter Lumbardo (5-2), and Olli Turkulainen of Finland (3-4) bannered the qualifiers in Group 3.
American Max Eberle, undefeated in seven outings, led Group 4 along with Americans John Schmidt (6-1), Jonni Fulcher (4-3), Danny Barouty (4-3) and Sean Morgan (4-3).
In the knockout stage, Corteza as well as Appleton, Schmidt, Hohmann, Immonen, Robles, Sim and Eberle hold a first-round bye.
Watch, Text, and Win Tickets To 'Love Never Dies'Try to win a pair of tickets to Love Never Dies by answering the question seen in our contest commercial. Just text the correct answer and you're entered.
Sign-Up Now For Our 2017 Knockout PoolPut your football expertise to the test for your chance at $5,000.
Have What It Takes To Win? Sign-Up NowPick a winner for every game each week for your chance at $5000.
Get The CBSMiami Weather AppGet the new CBSMiami Weather app and stay up to date on severe weather in South Florida.
Alternate Means Of Entry For CBS Miami Texting ContestsNo mobile phone or texting plan? No problem! You can enter online for any contest on CBS Miami by entering here as an alternate means of entry.
WQAM (AM) Contest and Promotion RulesUnless otherwise specified by Radio Station WQAM (AM) (the “Station”), these rules cover routine contests and promotions conducted by the Station. These rules may be amended by separate specific rules for major contests or promotions conducted by the Station or its sponsors.
São Paulo (AP) — Police have searched the offices of Philips in Brazil and are executing arrest warrants for two people linked to the Dutch electronics company.
Wednesday's operation is part of an investigation into suspected fraud in the supply of medical equipment to the National Institute of Traumatology and Orthopedics and the Rio de Janeiro Health Department.
Prosecutors allege that several companies formed a cartel to win and inflate contracts. In all, 22 arrest warrants were issued and 44 addresses searched.
Prosecutors say two warrants are for people linked to Philips. The company says one had been an executive who has left the company, while the other works in sales. It says the current employee was brought in for questioning and that the company is cooperating with the authorities.
In order to address ongoing safety concerns, beginning May 1 Heerstrasse at the intersection of Weberstrasse, also known as the ring road, will be closed to through traffic. Heerstrasse is best known as the road in front of the Bldg. 1502 Child Development Center on Clay Kaserne. Bollards will be emplaced at the end of Heerstrasse at the west end of the road, effectively making Heerstrasse a dead-end road.
The change is based on assessments conducted by the Directorate of Emergency Services and Directorate of Public Works. Residents of housing on Heerstrasse and other drivers needing access to the Child Development Center may still access the road from the intersection at the east end. The traffic change will not affect pedestrian or bicycle access.
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. (WSVN) — Walt Disney World is on a hiring spree, looking to employ 3,500 people for full-time, part-time and seasonal jobs with signing bonuses of up to $3,000.
The central Florida theme park and resort says multiple positions are available across their properties, including attractions, food and beverage services, security, housekeeping and transportation.
According to the Orlando Sentinel, housekeepers can get a hiring bonus of $1,250, bus drivers can get a $500 bonus, and lifeguards can get between $500 and $1,000. Disney is offering a $3,000 bonus for culinary chefs. All bonuses are given after training and 30 days on the job.
The company will be hosting a series of job fairs. Interested candidates can apply in person or online.
Employees benefit from free park admission, discounts, and complimentary passes for guests.
Here is a list of upcoming job fairs:
Housekeeping: Disney's housekeeping hiring days are held at the Walt Disney World Resort Casting Center every Monday through Friday, from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. throughout April and May. A job fair for housekeeping will also be held May 9, from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m.
Lifeguards: Candidates ages 16 or older can interview and perform swim tests on May 2 at Typhoon Lagoon.
Bus Drivers: Interested candidates can apply to Disney's online transportation job fair until May 31.
For more information on all positions available, click here.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Lotto is to mark its 3,000th draw tonight with a jackpot of €4.5m.
More than €4.4bn has been won since the Lotto started in 1998. A total of 745 jackpot prizes exceeded €1m.
Dublin has had the most wins, followed by Cork and then Galway.
Kilkenny native, Miriam Donohoe, from the National Lottery said: “We've had parents in who have decided they'll start their kids up with a house; people often decided to go on a long holiday or go on a (longer) break; to pursue their dreams.
“The winners' room is a very special place to be – it's got fear and excitement, laughing and crying, all rolled into one.”
Share it:
Don't Miss
You approach everything in your home with a specific design strategy for Christmas — why should your Christmas tree be the same every year. Baaya Design has added a new twist to our signature tree of life. We have introduced a range of handcrafted brass Christmas trees. A classic that never goes out of style, a truly timeless brass Christmas tree that lasts forever. These trees are truly unique as each leaf and flower motif is crafted separately and welded together seamlessly, however, you will never see a single joint. These trees are also lacquered to make them long lasting and durable; this ensures they will withstand any amount of damage caused by time or usage.
Being handmade, each piece is truly one-of-a-kind masterpiece.
Price range – 9000 – 130
At the end of their first month working on a Ryanair cabin crew, John said they were paid just €600. They live in Holland, where the rent on their shared apartment runs to more than €900 a month. “I could not afford to pay all my bills,” they recalled.
John – not their real name – acknowledged that they were paid more now, but maintained that it was often difficult to get an exact breakdown of their pay between the hours worked and commission for in-flight sales.
They were one of several Ryanair crew that gave an insight into their working lives after a group supported by the International Transport Workers' Federation (ITWF) published a charter of demands for such workers on Wednesday.
Cabin crew argue that they are the people who provided the services on the Ryanair flights that carried 130 million people across 21 European countries last year. They say they must pay for their own uniforms, the water they drink on board and face pressure to sell snacks, drinks and gifts to passengers.
List of demands
Their demands include a fair living wage, stable rosters, base transfers, promotion and disciplinary procedures that are not tied to in-flight sales. They want contracts based on the laws of the country in which they are employed and an ultimate end to working for agencies rather than Ryanair itself.
Ryanair directly employs about 2,000 of its 8,000 crew. Agencies, mainly Dublin-based Crewlink and Workforce, hire the rest. John and their colleagues say the airline's systems make it difficult to get basic entitlements such as sick pay.
“The very same day you call in sick, you must come into work and go to the office and fill out a company form explaining why you are sick,” John said. This requires details of symptoms. When they sought long-term sick pay, John found themselves caught between two stools.
Their Irish contract of employment meant that Dutch rules, requiring the company to provide two years' sick pay, did not apply, but living in Holland made it difficult to claim benefits from the Republic's welfare system.
In-flight sales
John's colleague Susan said crew were measured according to their in-flight sales and that Ryanair prioritised this over customer service. “They don't treat us like we are airline employees; we feel more like salespersons,” they said.
“They are putting pressure on cabin crew by saying that if they do not sell enough, they might not get the transfer that they want or get the promotion they are looking for,” they explained.
Susan maintained that even if crew do make enough on-board sales to satisfy the airline, there were operational reasons that could prevent Ryanair from making good on transfer or promotion promises.
Ryanair said on Wednesday that cabin crew earned up to €40,000 a year, double the living wage, and work a fixed five-day-on, three-day-off roster, while they do not fly any more than 900 hours a year. According to its statement, rosters exceed all safety requirements.
The airline also pointed out that crew get a €400 uniform allowance, industry leading 10 per cent bonuses for on-board sales, sick pay, and paid and unpaid leave “as they wish”.
“Ryanair is already engaged in extensive negotiations with national cabin crew unions across Europe during which all of these, and other issues, are being negotiated and we have already concluded agreements in the UK and Italy, ” the airline said.
Northern Ireland manager Michael O'Neill hopes Paddy McNair can sort out their future at Sunderland sooner rather than later.
McNair has attracted the interest of several Premier League clubs with Brighton putting in a two million pound bid for the player.
And O'Neill after watching their side draw 0-0 away to Panama is sure McNair could play at the highest level.
“I hope their club situation sorts itself out. I know what they are capable of.
“His running power and quality is evident to see, and they are so determined to get back to the Premier League and hopefully they get that chance.
“Paddy McNair is a Premier League player.
“The reason they aren't is because of their injury. They joined Sunderland when they were in the Premier League. They then had a bad injury and Sunderland were relegated.
“But you've seen the quality in the last five or six games of the season. They scored four or five goals at the end of last season.”
And ONeill says their sights are now on qualification for Euro 2020.
“We have some new young players coming through for us but we have experience as well.
“This is the start for us building towards Euro 2020. We have played South Korea and beaten them and they are going to the World Cup. And now we have come here and drawn with Panama so the team is continuing to develop and we have high expectations for Euro 2020.”
More on pages 54-55
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The number of passengers arrested for drunken behaviour on flights or at UK airports increased by 50% in the last year, new figures reveal.
There was a total of 387 arrests in the year to February 2017, up from 255 in the period from February 2015 to 2016, according to statistics obtained by BBC Panorama.
The figures were from responses from 18 out of 20 police forces with a major UK airport on their patch who were contacted by the programme.
Ally Murphy, a former Virgin Airlines cabin crew manager, told Panorama: "People just see us as barmaids in the sky.
"I was pulled into an upper-class bed by a passenger who was feeling particularly lucky I guess.
"They would touch your breasts, or they'd touch your bum or your legs, or I mean I've had hands going up my skirt before.
"It's rage inducing, and you shouldn't have to deal with that.
"I guess I never reported it to the police because sadly, and this is completely wrong and only really occurring to me now, you kind of just accept it as part of the job. And it shouldn't be."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Another cabin crew member, who was unnamed in the programme, said airline workers had found "countless" litre bottles of vodka and they felt that Alicante, Ibiza, Palma were among the worst routes.
Alexandra Wilms, of the Balearic Ministry of Tourism, called for "high fines" to try and deal with the problem as "these kinds of people don't understand any other thing than really getting punished by paying a lot of money" while Airport Operators' Association chief executive Karen Dee rejected suggestions airports are irresponsibly selling alcohol.
Ms Dee said: "The sale of alcohol per se is not a problem. It's the misuse of it and drinking to excess and then behaving badly."
Panorama also points out that the UK aviation industry brought in a voluntary code a year ago.
It recommends that airports and airlines should work together to limit disruptive behaviour and sell alcohol responsibly.
Most of the big airlines and airports have signed up to this.
Speed up business decisions and increase ROI with Loadspring's functional and intuitive Cloud Platform. The tool gives users ultimate control over their projects and collaborations.
[WILMINGTON, 05/30/2018] – Loadspring is an expert in Cloud portfolio management, and it is committed to making jobs faster, easier, and more convenient for clients. It offers a smart Cloud platform that gives users instant project data and KPIs at a glance.
Project Management Made Easier
Loadspring makes it easier for users to make fast and informed project decisions. Its Cloud platform gives clients absolute control over their projects and collaborations. The LoadSpring Cloud platform functions as a user's digital gateway to the Cloud by delivering more than 200 project management applications, as well as instant access to project status, user training, licensing, and more.
Besides having several tools at their disposal, the powerful Cloud-enabling platform provides clients with ultimate accessibility and iron-clad security.
Customized Project Management Solutions
Loadspring designs its solutions to help users achieve greater project management efficiency and a greater ROI. The LoadSpring Cloud Platform features optional custom cloud environments, tailor-made to user specific business needs.
The platform is an ideal connection to the Cloud because it contains user applications specifically for engineering/construction, oil/energy and other project heavy industries, as well as custom integrations, and disaster recovery features. The customizable dashboard provides instant and useful information that helps clients make better business decisions.
A Streamlined Interface for Mobile Devices
Stay active and connected to key projects by accessing the company's interface from any mobile device. With it, clients can keep working on the field while getting up-to-date reports on the project's progress. Through LoadspringMobile, users can view the dashboard right from their fingertips, without needing full application licenses.
The cloud project management tool is easy to use: with single-sign on users simply log in once to their accounts, select a function, and manage project information from there.
About Loadspring
Loadspring optimizes Cloud-forward strategies to prevent risks and create value. The company hosts Cloud-based project management and engineering software solutions to help businesses achieve their goals and simplify their complex project needs.
For more information, visit https://www.loadspring.com/.
By KEVIN RICH
Special to the PRESS
The South Padre Island Convention and Visitors Advisory Board heard reports from their subcommittees and voted on a block of special events funding requests during their Wednesday, Jan. 24 meeting.
The Board approved more than $200,000 in events funding for the following:
WOWE (January) $2,000
Splash South Padre Island (April) $25,000
Sand Crab Run/Fat Tire Bike Race-Bill Gardner (April) $4,000
Shallow Sport Tournament (May) $2,500
Jailbreak (May) $30,000
Dargel Boat Fishing Tournament (June) $2,500
Texas International Fishing Tournament -TIFT (August) $15,000
Ladies Kingfish Tournament – LKT (August) $5,000
American Petroleum Institute (API) Fishing Tournament (August) $2,500
Fish for Hope (August) $2,500
Wahoo Fishing Tournament (September) $25,000
JJ Zapata Fishing Tournament (September) $2,500
Shallow Stalker Fishing Tournament (September) $2,500
South Padre Island Triathlon (September) $3,500
SPI Nature and Tourism Hallowings (October) $35,000
SPI Fishing Days (October) $5,000
Take a Kid Fishing Tournament (October) $2,500
Elite Redfish Championship (October) $25,000
Raul Alcala Gran Fondo (November) $10,000
Want the whole story? Pick up a copy of the Port Isabel-South Padre Press, or subscribe to our E-Edition by clicking here.
WESTFIELD, Ind. (WISH) – A record number of participants are expected at Saturday morning's fourth annual Melt The Trail race in Westfield, city representatives said.
The Valentine's-themed 5K and 10K are scheduled to begin at 9 a.m. at the Grand Park events center and offer opportunities to explore the city's sprawling trails during the winter.
Melt The Trail will also feature face painting, costume contests and a card-making station.
President Donald Trump is saying that "racism is evil" as they condemn the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists as "criminals and thugs."
 They are speaking in the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House after meeting with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and FBI director Christopher Wray about the race-fueled violence Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump has come under fire for their comments Saturday that "many sides" are to blame for the violence. In those remarks, they did not single out white supremacists or any other hate group, even as Republican lawmakers and others in their White House did condemn them by name.
One woman was killed Saturday when a car plowed into a group of counter-protesters who'd gathered to oppose a rally by white nationalists and others who oppose a plan to remove from a Charlottesville park of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.
On Saturday, Trump said "many sides" are to blame for violence.
The president is in Washington for one day during a working vacation mostly in Bedminster, New Jersey.
Former, current Illinois lawmakers don't see big security changes coming
hello
Former Illinois member of congress Bob Dold said they never felt unsafe as a member of Congress and they certainly never felt unsafe during early-morning baseball practices with their Republican colleagues.
"Because practice was so early, the only people we ever saw who weren't playing were folks from the neighborhood walking their dogs or out jogging," Dold said by phone Wednesday, hours after a gunman shot House Majority Whip Steve Scalise during the GOP team's morning baseball practice in Alexandria, Virginia.
The gunman was shot by Scalise's security detail and later died, but not before they wounded several others at the field. Scalise is one of only five House members who receive full-time security details because of their leadership position, according to congressional leaders.
"Had they not been there and had that response not been so immediate, that would have been a much more dire event," said Dold, of Kenilworth, who left office in January.
Dold and others don't believe Wednesday's shooting will cause a major shift in the way members of Congress are protected. Others say a deep ideological chasm between political parties already has led them to be more careful.
U.S. Rep. Randy Hultgren, a Plano Republican, said they moved their district offices in 2013 after a recommendation by Capitol police to locate as close to a police station as possible. They said he's taken steps this year to increase security for their staff both in Washington D.C. and in their district.
"Starting in early January of this year, when there was a noticeable uptick of aggressive and threatening behavior aimed at my district staff and caseworkers, we developed a security strategy and processes with local law enforcement and the Capitol police," Hultgren said in a statement. "Through education and training, law enforcement has empowered all members of Congress and congressional staff to take extra safety precautions and to get smart about protecting themselves."
Former Republican U.S. Rep. Joe Walsh, who also played on the GOP baseball team and was in Congress when former Democratic U.S. Rep. Gabby Giffords was shot in 2011, doesn't expect more members to be assigned security details. The biggest change, they said, will probably come to the way the baseball team practices.
"They probably won't have open practices anymore, and that's probably as it should be," Walsh said. The team was practicing Wednesday ahead of a charity game against Democratic counterparts scheduled for Thursday at Nationals Park in Washington, D.C.
"I know there's an impulse to increase security, but you've got 535 members and I just don't think it's tenable and I would hate to see it," Walsh said. "I know I'd hate to spend my time walking around with a security detail."
The U.S. Capitol Police, a force of roughly 1,800 sworn officers, is assigned the job of providing security for members of the House and Senate, mainly on the grounds and inside the buildings of the Capitol. Current and former members of the Illinois congressional delegation had nothing but praise for the police force.
"I didn't ever really feel unsafe in Congress," said former U.S. Rep. Judy Biggert of Hinsdale, who left office in 2013. "Even that time they evacuated the Capitol building. I remember all the leadership was getting into the black cars and driving off and the rest of us were told to take off our shoes and run for your life. The police did a good job of getting everyone out. I remember my chief of staff ran all the way to the river."
The 2004 evacuation was prompted by a small plane carrying the governor of Kentucky to the funeral of former President Ronald Reagan. The plane had permission to fly into airspace near the Capitol, but aviation officials became concerned by the plane's transmitter signals and the military scrambled jets to intercept the plane and accompanied its landing at a nearby airport without incident, according to media reports from that time.
"The Capitol police, without getting too much into procedures, have many precautions that keep everyone inside the buildings safe and even help make sure the district offices are secure," Dold said.
Biggert said there probably will be discussions about increasing security for the rank-and-file members of Congress, but they can't imagine the cost to provide security details.
"I hate to see that happen that you can't just go where you want and have someone come with you, but I think that's something they'll be talking about," they said.
The gunman who shot Scalise and four others had a lengthy history of anti-Republican tirades online and within the pages of their local newspaper. Dold said this attack wasn't just targeting a member of a political party.
"Any attack on a member of Congress is an attack on all members of Congress," they said. "What is really important is we need to focus on civility and how we as a community come together to solve this problem."
Mum stabs themselves in chest as they trip over the
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham's German Christmas Market is coming back for 2017.
And the dates are changing again.
In 2014 and 2015, the market finished on December 22 and packed up on December 23, following its usual pattern of allowing traders to get home to Germany in time for Christmas.
In 2016, the seasonal attraction stayed over Christmas and almost up to new year for the first time ever , finishing on December 29.
The extension was part of the celebrations of Birmingham's 50 years of twinning with Frankfurt.
The market is known by the council and its organiser Kurt Stroscher as Frankfurt Christmas Market Birmingham.
Taking place in Victoria Square and New Street, it's the largest market of its kind outside Germany and Austria.
It's also the the only German market in the UK to have a Victorian carousel, run by Birmingham company Bob Wilson Funfairs which also operates the ice rink and big wheel.
(Photo: Iain Findlay)
What are the market dates for 2017?
Birmingham's German Market will take place from from Thursday, November 16 , to Tuesday, December 24 .
So it's staying here a couple of days longer than it regularly did before 2016's special extension, right through to the end of Christmas Eve.
That will give people chance to eat, drink and shop at the market right up to Christmas.
Marker organiser Kurt Stroscher, who is Frankfurt City Council's director of festivals and events, told the Birmingham Mail: "Last year we celebrated the 50th anniversary of the partnership between Birmingham and Frankfurt, therefore the market took place until the 29th of December.
"This year there is no anniversary and every year we discuss which time the market should finish and this year we decided the 24th of December."
Dates for the ice rink and big wheel, in Centenary Square, have not yet been announced.
What time does the market open and close?
Birmingham's German Christmas Market will open 10am to 9pm every day.
(Photo: Graham Young)
What can you get at the market?
The German market sells a range of hot and cold food including German sausages (bratwurst, currywurst, krakauer, kasewurst, feuerwurst), schnitzel, strudel, pretzels, crepes and Berliner doughnuts (which have no hole in the middle). There's also pizza, burgers, fries, waffles, deep-fried vegetables and steak.
Drinks on offer include beer, gluhwein (mulled wine0, hot chocolate (with and without spirts), coffee and tea.
And there's a range of gifts such as festive decorations, crystal lamps, wooden toys, baubles, Russian dolls, wind chimes, tea-light holders, jewellery, ornaments, hats and scarves and even items carved out of chocolate.
A neighbouring Christmas Craft Fair in Centenary Square sells local goods from West Midlands traders as well as ethnic handicrafts from around the world.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – The eighth Dolphins Cancer Challenge is just a week away and it's more than just the Dolphin Foundation's signature event.
According to Jennifer Jehn, DCC Executive Director, it's also a lot of fun.
“All five of our bike routes and our 5k will end here in our stadium, we'll have a finish line concert celebration and all of our participants will be here, we'll have kids zone for the kids, it will be a fantastic fun celebration for the fund raising,” said Jehn.
The event has raised over $22 million dollars, all of which stays here in South Florida.
According the Jehn, “here at the Dolphins we believe that you don't have to have cancer to fight cancer. We are all cancer fighters, so we also really believe that our community here in South Florida deserves a world class cancer institution and through that we will continue to raise money to provide that extreme level of health care for those who are fighting cancer here in South Florida.”
Jehn went on to say, “this year we have over 165 survivors participating and let them know we do this for them, they're living proof and our goal here is to raise as much money as we can for cancer research.”
The event takes place on Saturday, February 10 at Hard Rock Stadium and CBS4 Meteorologist will again be riding 100 miles as part of the Hurricane A Hundred rides to raise money to fight cancer.
You can help them on their ride and fundraising by going to www.cbsmiami.com/dcc
A Challenging Task
Early on the show, the contestants were divided into two groups. Thereafter, each group was asked to stop water leaking from a tank that was kept in the garden area. As expected, this task created a buzz amongst the viewers.
Nithya And Thadi Balaji Set Aside Their Differences
Thadi Balaji and their estranged wife Nithya have not been on talking terms right from day 1. And, needless to say, this has often resulted in tense situations on the show. As such, many fans felt they would avoid each other during the task. However, contrary to the expectations, the two set aside their differences and worked together. It will be worth watching if this has a positive impact on their personal equation in the days to come.
Mumtaz Behaves Like a Brat AGAIN
Mumtaz, who was recently pulled up by host Kamal Haasan for breaking some important rules, behaved like a 'drama queen' again. They insulted Mahat and Janani and this left a bad taste in the mouth. Them dominating nature ticked off the other contestants and established them as a troublemaker.
A New Task
After the first task ended, Bigg Boss gave the housemates a new one. As part of the new task, the contestants were asked to throw water at their colleagues who would collect it in a tub. Mumtaz's team won the task and this gave them fans a reason to rejoice.
Shariq Lashes Out At Vaishnavi
During the task, the winning team apparently violated a rule and this did not go down well with Shariq. The teenager lashed out at 'Captain' Vaishnavi and added that Mumtaz's team should have been disqualified. As a result of the confrontation, the day ended on a bitter note.
LAKELAND, Florida (AP) " Even for an accomplished veteran like Justin Verlander, the start of spring training can be special.
"I usually sleep pretty well. I woke up early today," the Detroit ace said Tuesday. "On one hand, you want to appreciate everything as much as you can. It's not such a whirlwind any more " you kind of know what to expect. But in the same aspect, every day is pretty much the same thing I've done for 12 years, so it also starts going faster."
Verlander's Tigers were among 15 teams with their first scheduled workouts for pitchers and catchers Tuesday. As major leaguers took the field in Florida and Arizona, that familiar sound of balls popping into mitts served as a reminder that in baseball at least, winter is finally over.
While Verlander and the Tigers went through their routine at their newly renovated facility in Lakeland, the Boston Red Sox were about 115 miles to the south, holding their first workout of the post-Papi era. It's Boston's first season without David Ortiz since the Red Sox signed them in January 2003, but Big Papi's retirement may not be too big a blow to a team that added star left-hander Chris Sale.
Over in Arizona, the Cleveland Indians began preparing to defend their American League title.
Cleveland won the AL Central comfortably last year and made it to the World Series before losing to the Chicago Cubs in seven games.
"This time of year, everyone is at glass half-full," Indians manager Terry Francona said. "We have good reason to be."
Hopes are always high at the start of spring training, but occasionally there's some injury news on the first day. Baltimore manager Buck Showalter said right-hander Chris Tillman had a platelet-rich plasma injection on their right shoulder and won't start the season until April 7 at the earliest.
The Kansas City Royals said left-hander Brian Flynn broke a rib and had three minor vertebrae fractures in a bizarre offseason injury. Flynn is expected to miss two months after falling through a barn roof at their Oklahoma residence.
Continued below.
Related Content Your views: Readers letters' Editorial: Muslim ban arbitrary and foolish Diana Clement: With insurance, it pays to read fine print
The Royals and Miami Marlins begin this season with heavy hearts following the deaths of pitchers Yordano Ventura last month and Jose Fernandez in September, and Tigers owner Mike Ilitch died Friday at age 87.
"I got to know them as best as an owner and player can know each other," said Detroit catcher Alex Avila, whose father Al is the team's general manager. "He was always a very gracious and generous person " very nice to myself, my family. ... Very loyal. I know as a family, we always felt we had to kind of reciprocate that loyalty because he's a tremendous man. They're a great family."
The Arizona Diamondbacks have also found themselves dealing with some sobering news. Their bench coach, former Minnesota Twins manager Ron Gardenhire, has prostate cancer and is set to have surgery. They said doctors believe they caught the cancer early.
The Diamondbacks went 69-93 last year and are one of a few National League teams that started workouts Tuesday amid tepid expectations. The Phillies, Reds and Rockies also finished well out of the postseason picture in 2016, but that doesn't mean they can't set goals for themselves.
Philadelphia manager Pete Mackanin said they want their team to play .500 baseball deeper into the season after the Phillies lost 91 games last year.
For the first time since 2009, the Giants are entering an odd-numbered season without a World Series title to defend. After winning it all in 2010, 2012 and 2014, San Francisco made the playoffs last year as a wild card but lost in the Division Series to the Cubs.
The Giants look like contenders again in 2017, and manager Bruce Bochy had plenty of reasons to be upbeat Tuesday when their pitchers and catchers took the field.
"It's a day you look forward to, getting a chance to see everybody and hear the sound of the bat, watch these guys work out again," Bochy said. "So it's a good day."
___
AP Baseball Writer Janie McCauley in Scottsdale, Arizona, contributed to this report.
___
Follow Noah Trister at www.Twitter.com/noahtrister
National Chairman, Action Peoples Party (APP), Mr Ikenga Ugochiyeri, has said that the party would rebuild Nigeria`s economy and unite the people if voted into power in 2019.
They stated this on Monday in Abuja at the official public unveiling of the party.
Ugochiyeri decried the insecurity and spate of killings in parts of the country and said that there was urgent need to redeem its economy from imminent collapse.
They said that if the party won the presidency in 2019, it would stop the killings and bring perpetrators to book, even up to the International Criminal Court.
According to him, the Progressives Congress (APC)-led Federal Government has performed below the expectations of Nigerians and has also failed in its campaign promises.
The chairperson said that the party would restore the country`s integrity and respect in the international scene, adding that its policy would be “Nigeria first''.
They also said that under APP leadership, Nigeria`s relationship with the international community must be symbolic and reciprocal, while Africa would remain the centrepiece of its foreign policy.
They noted that though President Muhammadu Buhari had the constitutional right to re-contest, they advised them not to do so, saying that it was better to retire with the last vestiges of respect and houour.
Ugochiyeri advised that rather than re-contest in 2019, Buhari should support the emergence of a new generation of young leaders with their experience and age.
They warned that any attempt by the political class to manipulate the electoral process in 2019 would be resisted within the ambit of the law.
They said that in furtherance of its national healing agenda “and in fulfilment of its pursuit of equity, justice and fairness, the APP will lay to rest the controversies of June 12, 1993 presidential election''.
The chairperson said that the party would do so by announcing late M.K.O. Abiola as winner of the election as well as have them listed as a former president of the country.
They added that the APP would also ensure that June 12 was passed by the National Assembly as the national democracy day.
“This Bill which has been drafted and captioned June 12 Bill, will be presented to the Parliament once we are elected in 2019,'' they said.
The chairperson maintained that under an APP government, rule of law, transparency and accountability in the affairs of government would be observed at all times.
They also said that there would be political reforms and restructuring while the anti-corruption crusade would be transparent.
Ugochiyeri said the party`s youth development agenda would have the parliament pass a bill to reserve 40 per cent of all elective and appointive positions to young persons, between the ages of 18 and 40.
The objective of this, they said, was to groom new generation leaders, adding that the Bill had been drafted.
They said that APP would stand against tenure elongation and change of Constitution by sit-tight leaders in African countries and dictatorship in the continent, if elected.
“Nigeria shall more resolutely intervene on behalf of the people of Africa where there is violation and abuse of human rights and dignity.
“ We will no longer sit and allow some dictators continue to rape the dignity of their people and subject their citizenry to all sorts of human suffering, “the chairperson said.
Newsmen report that the event was attended by members of the party from across the country, some Civil Society Organisations, representatives of INEC and National Youth Council of Nigeria.
NAN
Hate crimes have gone up to record levels in parts of the North East following last year's EU referendum.
Northumbria Police saw the number of cases go up by 48%, one of the biggest rises in the country.
The force received 394 reports of hate crimes in the three months following the country's vote to Leave the EU in June.
That's its highest ever for quarterly figures.
Similarly, Cleveland Police also dealt with a record 159 cases in the same time period, which was a hike of 29%.
Durham Police received 66 reports of hate crimes, up 16% on previous figures.
33 out of 44 forces recorded the highest quarterly number of hate crimes since comparable records began in April 2012.
Only four forces reported a decrease on the previous three months before the referendum.
Lucy Hastings, director at Victim Support, revealed the charity last year supported 16,000 victims of hate crime in England and Wales and confirmed a spike in referrals in the immediate aftermath of the referendum.
They said the rise could be linked to increased publicity about hate crimes, which ``encouraged more people to report or seek support''.
They added: ``Hate crime has no place in our society and every victim of this crime is one too many."
A man suffered major injuries after their vehicle hit a tree and caught fire in Menlo Park early Sunday morning, according to fire officials.
The man, whose identity is being withheld pending notification of their family, received multiple broken bones and severe burns in the incident.
At approximately 4:30 a.m., the man's vehicle collided with a tree in the 2400 block of Sandhill Road near SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory. The car caught fire and the man was unable to escape because they were trapped inside. Menlo Park Fire Protection District firefighters responded within five minutes but it took another three minutes to extinguish the fire, during which the man received additional injuries.
It took another 15 minutes for firefighters to pull them out of the car. They used “Jaws of Life” spreaders, cutters and rams to cut away a portion of the car's roof and roll the dashboard back to free them from where they were pinned inside. Paramedics treated the man at the scene, noting that they had suffered “significant trauma,” including multiple lower leg fractures, femur and hip injuries, and severe burns to their lower extremities, hands and airway.
They were transferred to Stanford Hospital by a Woodside Fire Protection District ambulance and their current condition is unknown. As of Sunday evening, their condition was listed as critical, according to Menlo Park police.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa's poor performances have been sugar-coated with wins since Steve Bruce took charge - but today there was no place for the players to hide.
A terrible showing at Cardiff City saw the team completely overrun in midfield. Mile Jedinak missed out through illness, meaning Gary Gardner and Ashley Westwood lined up together against the Bluebirds.
Bruce hauled Westwood and Gardner off at half-time which highlighted both players' struggles. Aaron Tshibola came on for their first appearance since Bruce's first game in charge against Wolves and impressed the manager.
According to popular stats site WhoScored , Tshibola had 47 touches during the second-half while the two men who made way in the heart of the midfield, Westwood and Gardner, had a combined nine touches of the ball.
Westwood made two passes in the 45 minutes they were on the field, whereas Gardner only made four - completing three of them.
Villa have been consistently linked with Conor Hourihane, who would be available on the cheap with their Barnsley contract expiring at the end of the season.
Leicester midfielder Matty James is another to have been mentioned. The former Manchester United man will be looking to rebuild their career after suffering a horrific injury at the end of the 2014/15 season.
Minister for Justice Charlie Flanagan has said they are “extremely concerned” at allegations that some unlawful deaths, or homicides, were not properly investigated.
“Any substantiated allegations of this kind would be very serious and a cause of grave public concern,” they said.
Mr Flanagan was responding to a report in The Irish Times on Friday about two Garda staff members having made protected disclosures alleging some homicides that were incorrectly classified as less serious crimes were not investigated as homicides.
The disclosures were made to members of the Joint Oireachtas Committee on Justice about two weeks ago. However, Mr Flanagan said in a statement that they had not seen any such protected disclosures.
Alan Kelly TD, who has seen the disclosures, earlier called on Mr Flanagan and Acting Garda Commissioner Dónall Ó Cualáin to comment on the matter given the seriousness of what was being alleged.
Mr Flanagan noted that difficulties with the classification, or recording, of homicides by the Garda had been known for some time.
They were referring to the fact that as far back as last April the Policing Authority began publicly questioning senior Garda officers about the accuracy of annual homicide figures and how individual cases were classified.
Senior Garda officers have consistently assured the Policing Authority that while there were mistakes made in classifying, or recording, some homicides; all of the cases were investigated in full as homicides.
Protected disclosures
A new dimension to the controversy has now emerged, with two Garda civilian staff members making protected disclosures and alleging homicides were both misclassified and, in some cases, were not afforded a full homicide inquiry.
Mr Flanagan described as “complex” the problems that emerged about nine months ago relating to the homicide classifications.
“It is essential to clearly establish the facts,” they said, adding they had no knowledge of any allegations that unlawful killings had not been properly investigated.
“Garda management are adamant that all unlawful killings are investigated,” they said.
“I have seen no evidence to the contrary but I have today asked An Garda Síochána for further formal assurances in this regard.”
They said since the shortcomings with the classification of homicides emerged some time ago, the Garda had worked with the Policing Authority, the Department of Justice and Central Statistics Office to resolve the problems.
They added the Government had set up the Policing Authority “to exercise rigorous independent oversight” of the Garda.
“The authority's ongoing scrutiny of this issue is an example of oversight in action– their approach is professional and rigorous, it is not political,” they said.
“Their interest, and the interest of the Government, is to see this matter resolved as soon as possible. And I have made clear to the Garda Commissioner that more rapid progress is required.”
They added they were confident the Policing Authority would “deal with this issue comprehensively”.
Mr Kelly said on Friday: “This is not like the breath tests, these were not victimless crimes, this is about people's lives, this is about public confidence.”
‘Extraordinary'
They also pointed to the fact that the Central Statistics Office had already stopped publishing any more crime statistics until the homicide data problems are resolved.
“That says a lot, that the CSO do not believe the Garda Síochána. That's extraordinary.”
They added the report in The Irish Times was “deadly accurate” and highlighted a very profound and serious issue.
Mr Kelly said the issues raised were so serious that Mr Ó Cualáin must immediately formally refer them to the Department of Justice and Mr Flanagan.
“This is very serious. The department and the Minister need to make a statement about how the department was managing the revelation,” they said.
“We can't have a vacuum where public confidence is let drift. They have to come out and tell the truth, the whole, truth and nothing but the truth.
“This needs to be dealt with now. This is way too serious. It needs to be forensically gone through by the Policing Authority, the justice Oireachtas committee, the department. They need to go through this.”
Every year WITec, the Raman imaging company, recognizes three peer-reviewed publications that stand out in terms of originality and significance and feature data acquired with a WITec microscope. This year, scientists from universities and institutes in Bochum, Bayreuth and Minneapolis received the awards. Some 80 publications were submitted, all documenting the versatility of confocal Raman imaging for the investigation of materials.
The Gold Paper Award
The Gold Paper Award goes to Hesham K. Yosef. With their colleagues from the Department of Biophysics, headed by Klaus Gerwert, and coworkers from other institutes at Ruhr-University Bochum (Germany) they developed a new, non-invasive approach based on Raman imaging for the detection of urothelial carcinoma cells in urine. Urothelial carcinomas constitute the majority of bladder tumors. Noninvasive, painless methods are urgently wanted for the diagnosis of this cancer and the monitoring of the treatment outcome. The scientists first identified differences in the Raman spectra of healthy and high-grade cancerous cells in urine. The most prominent differences in Raman bands indicated a decrease in the level of glycogen and an increase in the levels of fatty acids in the tumor cells, illustrating distinct metabolic changes. The scientists then developed and trained a classifier that could differentiate healthy from cancerous urothelial cells by their Raman spectra. A Raman band at 482 relative wavenumbers, indicating a massive loss of glycogen in tumor cells, emerged as a highly reliable marker. A first validation test on the urine of ten diagnosed and ten healthy patients was performed and the classifier diagnosed all samples automatically with 100% accuracy. First author of the publication, Hesham K. Yosef, says that they are convinced that, “The results will pave the way for spectral, noninvasive cytology of urine using Raman microspectroscopy.”
The Silver Paper Award
Mimicking biological structures with interesting functional features is a thriving field of research. Marvin Gernhardt, Holger Schmalz, Seema Agarwal and coworkers at the Chair of Macromolecular Chemistry II, University of Bayreuth, and the Bavarian Polymer Institute (Germany) were inspired by biological fibers and developed new fibers with distinct structures. They produced the fibers by side-by-side electrospinning of a thermo-responsive polymer and methacrylate-based copolymer. By changing the spinning solvents they fabricated side-by-side and coaxial bead-on-string fibers and analyzed these in detail with correlative Raman imaging, atomic force microscopy and scanning electron microscopy. The scientists concluded: “The work opens the way for the construction of heterostructured fiber morphologies based on different polymer combinations, offering high potential for applications as actuators, smart textiles, water management and catalysis.”
The Bronze Paper Award
Guanglin Yu receives the Bronze Paper Award. They and their colleagues from the Departments of Mechanical Engineering and Biomedical Engineering at the University of Minnesota in Minneapolis (USA) analyzed, when and how ice crystals develop in cells during freezing. Cryopreservation is a common method used to store cells, however not all cells survive the procedure. It has been hypothesized that a high cooling rate leads to the death of cells because of intercellular ice formation. How that happens is still a matter of debate. The researchers used confocal Raman imaging to monitor the freezing response of lymphoblasts under various conditions during the cryopreservation process. Ice crystals, cell mass and protective substances could be easily imaged and identified by their Raman spectra. As a parameter of cell death, they used a Raman signal indicating the release of cytochrome c from mitochondria. The imaging study showed that only the formation of large intracellular ice crystals (> 2 μm) is deadly for the cells and that a mixture of glycerol and trehalose prevented cell death most efficiently at a cooling rate of 10°C per minute. “Raman spectromicroscopy provides a powerful tool for observing IIF [intracellular ice formation] and understanding its role in cell death during freezing, and enables the development, to our knowledge, of new and improved cell preservation protocols,” concluded the authors in their paper.
2018 WITec Paper Award Winners
GOLD: Hesham K. Yosef, Sascha D. Krauß, Tatjana Lechtonen, Hendrik Jütte, Andrea Tannapfel, Heiko U. Käfferlein Thomas Brüning, Florian Roghmann, Joachim Noldus, Axel Mosig, Samir F. El-Mashtoly and Klaus Gerwert: Noninvasive diagnosis of high-grade urothelial carcinoma in urine by Raman spectral imaging. Analytical Chemistry 89, 6893 (2017), DOI 10.1021/acs.analchem.7b01403.
SILVER: Marvin Gernhardt, Ling Peng, Matthias Burgard, Shaohua Jiang, Beate Förster, Holger Schmalz and Seema Agarwal: Tailoring the morphology of responsive bioinspired bicomponent fibers. Macromolecular Materials and Engineering 303, 1700248 (2017), DOI. 10.1002/mame.201700248.
BRONZE: Guanglin Yu, Yan Rou Yap, Kathryn Pollock and Allison Hubel: Characterization intracellular ice formation of lymphoblasts using low-temperature Raman spectroscopy. Biophysical Journal 112, 2653 (2017), DOI 10.1016/j.bpj.2017.05.009.
A tourist jumps for a photo on the popular on Maya Bay on Phi Phi island in Krabi province, Thailand, Thursday, May 31, 2018. Maya Bay on Phi Phi Leh Island in the Andaman Sea will close to tourists for four months from Friday to give its coral reefs and sea life a chance to recover from an onslaught that began nearly two decades ago. Sakchai Lalit AP Photo
In 1933, a 6.4-magnitude earthquake in Long Beach rocked the lives of Southern California residents, many of whom perished that evening when the seismic activity caused widespread damage to buildings. The quake pioneered the need for seismically safe structures countywide.
Although not always as severe, earthquakes happen every day in California.
“There are probably seven to eight, nine, 10 earthquakes a day,” said Matthew Faulkner, executive director of the Community Hospital Long Beach Foundation, on Jan. 29 at a facility task-force meeting. “If that doesn't give you peace of mind, you have to realize that a lot of our inventory and our infrastructure has withstood all those earthquakes. Community Hospital withstood the 1933 earthquake and every earthquake ever since.”
Late last year, Long Beach MemorialCare announced that Community Hospital would end medical services in 2019 as a result of an active fault line that is located beneath the facility that could pose a seismic threat to the structure.
As reported by the Signal Tribune in December, John Bishop, chief executive with MemorialCare, said at a November Long Beach City Council meeting that the hospital does not meet the Office of Statewide Health Planning and Development's (OSHPD) seismic-safety regulations.
Community Hospital Long Beach has a June 30, 2019 deadline to meet OSHPD earthquake-safety standards, according to MemorialCare.
The Community Hospital Long Beach Task Force convened on Monday at the facility's administration boardroom to discuss proposed strategies and current priorities to preserve the hospital in spite of the asupervisorstioned seismic concerns.
“We want to be factual but dispel some of the myths that it is seismically untenable here,” Faulkner said.
Regardless, Faulkner did acknowledge there are seismic issues to address. Per the OSHPD's structural-performance rating, Community Hospital's Heritage Building is listed at a “4” and its Emergency Department is rated at “5,” which are in compliance with structural provisions of the Alquist Hospital Facilities Seismic Safety Act, but the Heritage Building may experience structural damage in the event of a potent earthquake, according to a description of the ratings at oshpd.ca.gov.
“So, currently, we have a lot of our acute life-saving care in the facilities that are safe,” Faulkner explained. “The issue is that we just touch the corner of this Heritage Building with the fault-line boundaries. This is something that we definitely have to address.”
Faulkner also displayed through renderings of the hospital that the fault line runs through the northern edge of the campus, right through the facility's Harp Center and auditorium.
Part of the proposed strategies is to organize a townhall meeting in the next few weeks to assess community input and needs for the east Long Beach facility. Moreover, Faulkner said the foundation is creating a survey, with help from Cal State Long Beach, to gauge consumer demand for critical-care services in the neighborhood.
The survey, to be conducted via telephone, in-person and online, will allow the foundation to study Community Hospital's impact on residents. The foundation also intends to start a public-awareness campaign through social media.
Faulkner also told the task force that the foundation has solicited the help of the nonprofit Urban Land Institute, which will provide an evaluation of the hospital through its on-site technical-assistance project. The project will assess the feasibility of maintaining critical-care services at the facility.
Daryl Supernaw, Long Beach 4th District councilmember, said at the meeting that they understand the value of maintaining acute and emergency services at Community Hospital in the east Long Beach area, which encompasses part of their council district.
“The one thing you don't have to tell me, I'll just speak for me as a councilman, is the value of this facility to the east side of Long Beach,” Supernaw said. “Four generations of my family have used this facility– [from] my grandmother to my kids. And I think my fellow council members feel the same thing. A day doesn't go by that we don't hear a story about what this facility meant to a family. That part you don't have to sell us on.”
There are four current priorities that Faulkner defined at the meeting: addressing the hospital's expiring practicing license; identifying a new operator; finding a new equity and capital partner; and gathering community input via the survey, public meetings and townhalls.
As mentioned, Community Hospital must meet a June 30, 2019 deadline to meet OSHPD safety standards, but another deadline looms before that time– April 28, 2018, when the practicing license of the hospital is set to expire. The license includes a permit for behavioral health and acute care.
Faulkner's focus was to identify if the facility can sustain operations within those 90 days, and they were adamant in their belief that more time, around six to eight months, was needed to determine that.
The task force vocally agreed, with one member inquiring how exactly more time can be achieved.
John Keisler, the City of Long Beach's director of economic and property development, said the Long Beach City Council is open to finding creative solutions to the issue, also acknowledging one suggestion at the meeting to request a council action to extend the deadline.
Ultimately, the consensus was to have dialogue with operator MemorialCare to explain the needs of Community Hospital.
Faulkner criticized MemorialCare of being negligent throughout the entire process. The other task force members mostly agreed, with others chiming in that MemorialCare devalued the property by saying that Community Hospital is untenable.
Others asked what would MemorialCare's incentive be to renew Community Hospital's license if it isn't already factoring in the facility as part of its long-term plans.
Supernaw said statistics show that about 23 percent of the community's drop-offs occur at Community Hospital, while the majority of services are walk-in patients. They said they would use that information to convince MemorialCare.
A point was also made that, from a public-relations perspective, it is in the best interest of MemorialCare to do whatever it can to salvage the hospital.
“The other issue is getting commitment from Memorial to get a base of personnel,” said Suzie Price, Long Beach 3rd District councilmember, about sustaining staff at Community Hospital. “The biggest concern is making shortsighted decisions in a reactive manner. We need to slow down the process.”
Faulkner said the hospital is currently in talks with a major potential operator. They said the possibility is that the operator could run the facility for a period of time, and then, either at the existing site or a re-purposed campus, relocate and continue operations as needed long-term.
“So, it's a tricky proposition,” they said. “But, that's why we have to view the whole piece of real estate in terms of what is allowable and doable.”
Faulkner added that the hospital's demographics are “superb” and that operators are interested in the facility, but the issue is how many potential handlers are able and willing to invest.
They said the same issue arises when locating an equity partner for the hospital– finding someone “who has the deep pockets to invest in this” and who is patient on a return on that investment.
After the meeting, Faulkner told the Signal Tribune that the main objective is establishing a date for the townhall meeting and framing the right questions for the survey before the next task force meeting, which is planned for sometime in the next few weeks at an unconfirmed time.
“We feel that people are not really aware of what is happening,” Faulkner said. “They have heard some news that the hospital is closing […] [That it's] ‘game over.' It's done. And, unfortunately, we have to counter that, I think, with a contrarian point of view that says, ‘It's not “game over.” It's not done, because we haven't looked at the options yet.' We haven't had a community conversation about what we can do at Community Hospital. To me, that's the key. We have to have that community conversation. The core public opinion, if you will, over the will of the people, will drive a solution to this issue.”
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Calls Made For Cumbria's Own Monument
A Cumbrian designer says the north west should have its own monument - like the Angel of the North in Gateshead.
Alison Tordoff's comments follow a recent april fool by Cumbria Tourism, which claimed a "Cucumbria" was going to be built, inspired by the Gherkin in London.
The scheme's being mooted as Anthony Gormley' Angel of the North reaches its 20th anniversary.
Alison, who is based at Windermere's Fidget Design, said: "Joking apart, Cumbria and indeed, the entire north west truly does need and deserve a new iconic monument.
"Maybe it would be a functional building like the Gherkin; maybe it would be just a structural work of art, our own Angel of the North West.
"As we are catapulted into the limelight on an international stage, shouldn't we be celebrating our new UNESCO World Heritage status with our own beautiful sculpture?
"Whatever its form and purpose, design has to be at the heart of the project.
"With an area rich in art and culture it seems like a very natural and appropriate case to make.
Renowned artists and sculptors have lived and breathed the drama of the Lake District for hundreds of years and thought it the best place for their life's work.
"It will take more than just architectural and artistic innovation. We need investment, along with a competition to find the most startling and dynamic piece of work worthy of our region."
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) — As Alabama's high-profile Senate race heads toward a Tuesday vote, supporters and opponents of GOP candidate Roy Moore are bending the truth — or shattering it to pieces — in the campaign's final stretch.
One website falsely proclaimed that one of the women who accused Moore of sexual misconduct had recanted. Another erroneously reported that a Moore accuser "forged" their yearbook inscription to them On the other side, Moore's detractors took to social media to assert, erroneously, that Moore had written in a 2011 textbook that women shouldn't hold elected office.
The Associated Press checked these out; here are the real facts:
NOT REAL: BREAKING: Roy Moore's Lying Accuser Admits They Didn't Ever Touch Them
Advertisement
THE FACTS: None of the women who accused the Alabama Republican Senate candidate of sexual misconduct, including two women who said Moore molested them, have backed off their initial claims. This fake headline is from a website, Reagan Was Right, which promotes hoaxes and satire. The woman featured in a photograph accompanying the story shows a British reality TV star, not any of the eight women who have accused Moore of sexual misconduct.
NOT REAL: Claims that Roy Moore authored a textbook in 2011 that says women shouldn't run for office
THE FACTS: Moore is in fact a co-author of a "textbook" which serves as a study guide for a series of Bible-based video and audio lectures on U.S. law and public policy. The course packaging also identifies them as a "featured speaker." Despite claims spread on the web this week, however, Moore did not author the specific section or deliver the lecture that argues that women should not hold elected office. That talk was given by William Einwechter, an elder at Immanuel Free Reformed Church in Pennsylvania. Moore's office says they do not believe that women are unqualified for public office.
NOT REAL: BREAKING: ROY MOORE ACCUSER ADMITS They FORGED PART OF YEARBOOK INSCRIPTION!!!
THE FACTS: Moore supporters celebrated misleading news that Beverly Nelson, one of their accusers, admitted forging a 1977 yearbook inscription that was considered key evidence against the Alabama Republican. The inscription reads, "To a sweeter more beautiful girl I could not say, 'Merry Christmas.'" It is followed by the signature "Roy Moore D.A." and the notation "12-22-77 Olde Hickory House." Nelson's attorney, Gloria Allred, said Friday that Nelson had added the date and restaurant name to the inscription. However, Allred also said that a handwriting expert found Moore's signature in the yearbook to be authentic.
___
Associated Press writer Michael Rubinkam contributed to this report.
___
This is part of The Associated Press' ongoing effort to fact-check misinformation that is shared widely online, including work with Facebook to identify and reduce the circulation of false stories on the platform.
___
Find all AP Fact Checks here: https://www.apnews.com/tag/APFactCheck
BOSTON (AP) — The estranged husband of former Massachusetts Senate President Stan Rosenberg pleaded not guilty Monday to charges that they sexually assaulted or harassed several men.
Bryon Hefner, 30, was released on personal recognizance after making their first court appearance since being indicted by a grand jury last month.
They were ordered to stay away from the alleged victims and from the Statehouse, where Rosenberg has been a lawmaker for more than 30 years and served as the Senate leader for almost three years before stepping aside in December amid the allegations against Hefner.
Hefner answered not guilty to 10 counts of sexual assault, distributing nude photos without consent and criminal lewdness.
Advertisement
Their lawyer, Tracy Miner, distributed a brief statement saying Hefner was looking forward to defending themselves in court, "where accusers cannot remain anonymous and must face cross-examination."
"Unfortunately, (Hefner) has already been pilloried in the press for political purposes, having never had a trial," wrote Miner, who referred to their client in the statement as "Mr. Hefner Rosenberg."
Rosenberg, a 68-year-old Amherst Democrat, confirmed reports earlier this year that they and Hefner had separated and that their estranged husband had entered treatment for alcohol dependence.
The Senate Ethics Committee hired an independent investigator to determine if Rosenberg — who has not been accused of wrongdoing — violated any Senate rules in connection with the allegations against Hefner. The probe is ongoing.
In announcing the indictments, Suffolk District Attorney Dan Conley said the investigation had "revealed a disturbing pattern of conduct that was not only inappropriate but criminal."
Conley, who investigated the case along with state Attorney General Maura Healey, said the fact that many of the parties in the case work in politics and government made it especially difficult for alleged victims to come forward.
In spite of getting linked with SARMS, Stenabolic (SR9009) is in truth a Rev-ErbA ligand. It implies SR binds to this protein and tends to make it extra active. Consequently, the user will experience plenty of constructive effects, for instance elevated fat loss, enhanced endurance, and several other health added benefits. Interestingly, it can be one of many newest advances in pharmacology, however it is currently having increasingly more reputation among athletes all over the world. Consequently, in this write-up we'll go over what SR9009 is, how it works, and each of the benefits it might supply for the user. Get much more information about sr9009
What's Stenabolic (SR9009)?
Also called Stenabolic, SR9009 has been developed by Scripps Investigation Institute under the leadership of professor Thomas Burris.
As mentioned beforehand, SR9009 is really a synthetic Rev-Erb ligand, which is taken orally. This is a really unique compound. By stimulating the Rev-Erb protein, SR9009 has the potential to tremendously influence plenty of regulatory mechanisms inside the human physique. For instance, it may have an effect on the circadian rhythms, lipid and glucose metabolism, fat-storing cells, as well as macrophages. Hence, Stenabolic will allow the user to shed fat and drastically raise endurance, each of which are very desirable effects for an athlete.
How it performs
By binding and activating the Rev-Erb protein, Stenabolic triggers an extremely wide variety of processes within the physique. The most prominent getting the improvement of mitochondria count within the muscle tissues and an enhanced metabolism.
As a consequence from the increased variety of mitochondria within the muscle tissues, the user will notice a drastic improvement in endurance and muscle strength. Actually, the mice utilised in studies could run 50% a lot more after they were administered with SR9009, both when it comes to distance and time. That is probable because of the truth that these mitochondria are precisely the ones generating power inside the physique. Apart from, due to to enhance in variety of macrophages, defective mitochondria are removed from the muscle tissues and replaced with new ones.
In addition, to adjust in metabolic prices increases energy expenditure by 5% even when the user is resting; hence, SR burns excess calories and does not enable them to convert into fat. This, coupled with enhanced metabolism of glucose, assists efficiently burn fat, which tends to make the physique act is if it has been within a continuous state of exercising.
This means that much less fat is stored, less cholesterol is developed by the liver, and much more fat and glucose is burned within the muscle tissues.
Nevertheless, these are not the only positive health effects seen with stenabolic. In actual fact, within the studies carried out with this compound it was found that it is going to reduce:
Plasma triglycerides by 12%
Total cholesterol by 47%
Plasma non-esterified fatty acids by 23%
Plasma glucose by 19%
Plasma insulin level by 35%
If that wasn't sufficient, we need to mention that SR9009 will also decrease proinflammatory cytokine IL-6 by a whopping 72%, that will obviously be incredibly valuable for the reduction of inflammations.
The controversial World Cup in Qatar has been plunged into major doubt over "political risks".
FIFA handed the 2022 tournament to the Arab country in 2010 ahead of fellow contender Australia, sparking uproar over alleged corruption, The Sun reports.
But according to the BBC, a report suggests "Western diplomats have privately stated they do not know whether or not the tournament will take place as planned".
That is because there have been allegations of corruption during the bidding process and the building of the state-of-the-art stadiums.
Advertisement
Not only that, Qatar are currently in a political fallout with neighbouring countries with increasing risk that they will fail to secure contracts over infrastructure.
They have a £153 billion ($257 billion) infrastructure program that is deemed a "high-risk project".
If Qatar were forced to pull out of hosting it could open the door for Australia, who lost out to the Gulf State in the 2022 bid.
Thousands of workers are building the stadiums with basic health and safety and have been subjected to life-threatening heat.
According to Human Rights Watch, hundreds of migrant workers have died in the process of trying to get the country prepared for the tournament.
But Qatar has remained bullish in their own statement by claiming the report is "laughable".
They said: "The intention to create doubt regarding the tournament, while attempting to cause resentment among Qatari citizens and anxiety among foreign businesses and residents, is as transparent as it is laughable.
"Despite the ambitious title of this report, there is absolutely no risk to the future of the first World Cup in the Middle East."
Claire Meddock, 21, stands on a toppled Confederate statue on Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, in Durham, N.C. Activists on Monday evening used a rope to pull down the monument outside a Durham courthouse. The Durham protest was in response to a white nationalist rally held in Charlottesville, Va, over the weekend. Authorities say one woman was killed Saturday after one of the white nationalists drove their car into a group of counterprotesters. Jonathan Drew AP Photo
Get answers to questions, share tips, and engage with the IT professional community at myITforum.
Are you a data center professional? Join AFCOM for the best data center insights.
Looking to get things done in web development? Hot Scripts offers tens of thousands of scripts you can use.
Database administrator? dBforums offers community insight on everything from ASP to Oracle, and get the latest news from Data Center Knowledge.
Investigators still have not found a motive for the Las Vegas shooting rampage that killed 58 people, Undersheriff Kevin McMahill has said.
The Clark County official said the authorities have looked at gunman Stephen Paddock's personal life, political affiliation, economic situation and any potential radicalisation.
They said investigators are aware the Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for the attack, but so far there is no evidence that it had a role.
Mr McMahill said the authorities will continue to investigate those areas as well as look into leads and tips that come in.
Paddock unleashed gunfire on Sunday from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel casino on the Las Vegas Strip, killing 58 and injuring nearly 500 people.
They killed themselves as police closed in.
The authorities are planning to put up billboards in Las Vegas to seek more tips as they investigate the deadliest mass shooting in modern US history.
Mr McMahill revealed at a news conference on Friday that police are confident there was not another gunman in Paddock's room, and do not have any information that anyone else used their room key.
They said they are interested in Paddock's medical history and are looking into that.
Paddock, 64, fired indiscriminately from their upper-level room at the Mandalay Bay hotel casino at people attending a country music festival below.
An incident involving two roommates at a sober-living facility ended with one man hospitalized with stab wounds and the other in jail, according to the Santa Barbara Police Department.
Daniel Jack Andrick, 43, was arrested Saturday on an attempted-murder charge, with bail set at $1 million, said Sgt. Riley Harwood.
Officers were called to the sober-living home on the 1200 block of San Andres Street at about 6:30 a.m. Saturday, and found the injured victim, a 53-year-old man whose name was not released, Harwood said.
“Upon arrival, they found the victim seated on the front porch of the house, bleeding profusely from a stab wound to the right side of their neck, Harwood said.
Investigators learned that Andrick had moved into the residence the previous day, Harwood said.
The victim awoke Saturday to the sensation of being struck in the neck, Harwood said, then felt the side of their neck, and discovered that they had a knife stuck in it.
“Realizing that they had just been stabbed, the victim yelled for another roommate to help him,” Harwood said.
Meanwhile, Andrick had fled the scene.
Later that morning, Officer Kody Cardana and Sgt. Dan McGrew found Andrick seated in front of the Westside Boys and Girls Club at 602 W. Anapamu St., and took them into custody.
Harwood said Andrick acknowledged stabbing the victim, who was taken to Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital.
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Increasing consumer awareness about health and fitness, rising tech-savvy population, technological advancements and growing e-commerce industry to drive India smart band market through 2023
According to TechSci Research report, “India Smart Band Market By Product Type, By Category, Competition Forecast & Opportunities, 2013 – 2023”, smart band market in India is forecast to grow at an astounding CAGR of 41% during 2018 – 2023. Growth in the market is expected to be driven by new technological advancements, rapidly increasing number of health-conscious people in the country and presence of a robust distribution channel. Smart bands enable users to perform functions such as using email, receiving WhatsApp notifications, monitoring heartbeats, etc., which is boosting their adoption across varied consumer segments. Owing to asupervisorstioned factors, number of people adopting smart bands in India is anticipated to grow at a robust pace over the coming years.
Browse 48 Figures spread through 92 Pages and an in-depth TOC on
“India Smart Band Market” https://www.techsciresearch.com/report/india-smart-band-market/3042.html
On the basis of product type, India smart band market has been segmented into two categories, namely fitness band and smartwatch. Of these categories, fitness bands are gaining popularity as they enable the users to easily track their health. Moreover, this segment of smart bands is expected to emerge as the fastest growing segment during the forecast period, backed by the availability of several low-cost products, rising disposable income and growing number of health-conscious people in the country. South India dominates the country's smart band market, on account of presence of huge tech-savvy and fitness conscious population in the region. However, over the coming years, eastern region is anticipated to register the fastest growth rate in the country's smart band market, on the back of rapid urbanization.
Download Sample Report @ https://www.techsciresearch.com/sample-report.aspx?cid=3042
Customers can also request for 10% free customization on this report.
According to a consumer survey conducted by TechSci, it was found that majority of the respondents prefer purchasing smart bands in the price range of USD15-30 per piece. “India smart band market is expected to witness strong growth over the coming years, as the IoT ecosystem is growing at a rapid pace. In addition to rising sales of low-cost smart bands, the anticipated launch of more smart home appliances and introduction of 5G technology, along with LTE feature in smartwatches such as Apple, is likely to push the smart band market in India over the course of next five years.”, said Mr. Karan Chechi, Research Director with TechSci Research, research based global management consulting firm.
“India Smart Band Market By Product Type, By Category, Competition Forecast & Opportunities, 2013 – 2023” has evaluated the future growth potential of India smart band market and provides statistics and information on market structure, size and trends. The report is intended to provide cutting-edge market intelligence and help decision makers take sound investment decisions. Besides, the report also identifies and analyzes the emerging trends along with essential drivers, challenges and opportunities present in India smart band market.
Browse Related Reports
Global Smart Bed Market By Mode (Manual, Semi-automatic etc.), By Equipment Type (Sensors, Automation & Control, etc.), By End Use Sector (Healthcare, Residential, etc.), By Region, Competition Forecast and Opportunities, 2012-2022
https://www.techsciresearch.com/report/global-smart-bed-market-by-mode-manual-semi-automatic-etc-by-equipment-type-sensors-automation-control-etc-by-end-use-sector-healthcare-residential-etc-by-region-competition-forecast-and-opportunities/1047.html
Global Smartwatch Market By Type (Classic, Standalone and Extension), By Application (Personal Assistance, Wellness, Medical/Health, etc.), By Operating System (Watch OS, Android, Tizen, RTOS, etc.), Competition Forecast and Opportunities, 2012-2021
https://www.techsciresearch.com/report/global-smartwatch-market-by-type-classic-standalone-and-extension-by-application-personal-assistance-wellness-medical-health-etc-by-operating-system-watch-os-android-tizen-rtos-etc-competition-forecast-and-opportunities/826.html
India Internet of Things Market By Component (Hardware, Software Platform and Services), By Communication Technology (Short-Range, Cellular, Satellite and Others), Competition Forecast and Opportunities, 2012-2022
https://www.techsciresearch.com/report/india-internet-of-things-market-by-component-hardware-software-platform-and-services-by-communication-technology-short-range-cellular-satellite-and-others-competition-forecast-and-opportunities/937.html
Contact
Mr. Ken Mathews
708 Third Avenue,
Manhattan, NY,
New York – 10017
Tel: +1-646-360-1656
Email: sales@techsciresearch.com
Welcome to today's Birmingham City live blog for Monday, August 14.
It's transfer season.
Birmingham is intent on stepping up the Harry Redknapp revolution this summer.
Redknapp has already snapped up David Stockdale, Marc Roberts and Cheikh Ndoye.
He's keen on adding a number of further arrivals, too, with a number of players targeted in the aim of improving their side.
Redknapp is still in the hunt for new options to their forward line ahead of Tuesday's clash at home to Bolton Wanderers, but can be encouraged by their side's 2-1 win against Bristol City on Saturday.
Will today be the day the latest signing is confirmed?
The Birmingham Mail's live BCFC blog will bring you updates on all the Blues news and rumours as they happen - so stay tuned!
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Staffordshire gritters will continue patrolling the county's road network day and night as the cold snap remains in force.
Having worked round the clock since Friday, Staffordshire's fleet of more than 40 gritters is on the road again on Monday (December 11) in preparation for the anticipated fall in temperature overnight.
(Image: Richard T Harris)
Helen Fisher, Staffordshire County Council's cabinet support member for highways and transport, said: “No more snow is forecast, but with temperatures struggling to rise above freezing during daylight no immediate thaw is expected and conditions will remain difficult.
“Our gritters are out again during the day and then crews will be taking to the roads again overnight.
“Nevertheless despite all this effort I cannot stress enough that when we have prolonged sub-zero conditions, drivers must still take care, even on gritted roads, drive to the conditions and allow extra time for their journeys.”
On Monday, headteachers took the decision to close 309 schools across Staffordshire. Parents can check online to see if their child's school is closed on Tuesday.
Chasetown Community School, Rocklands School in Lichfield and Little Aston Primary School will be closed on Tuesday; Lichfield's King Edward VI School has said it will be open.
Philip White, Staffordshire County Council's cabinet support member for learning and employability, said: “Schools should update the closure list once the headteacher has taken the decision so parents ought to check regularly.”
Philippine Swimming League (PSL) wrapped up its campaign with a 28-gold, 27-silver, 24-bronze medal showing on the final day of the 2017 SICC Invitational Swimming Championship held at the Singapore Island Country Club in Singapore.
Aishel Cid Evangelista, Micaela Jasmine Mojdeh, Richelle Anne Raine Callera, Trump Christian Luistro and Kevin Chan led the charge of the PSL tankers as they shattered records in their respective age bands.
Evangelista established new marks in the boys' 7-under 100m freestyle (1:19.26) and 100m breaststroke (1:51.57) as well as Callera in girls' 7-under 50m butterfly (41.54), Luistro in boys' 8-9 200m Individual Medley (3:10.47) and Chan in boys' 7-under 50m butterfly (38.81).
For their part, the reigning Female Swimmer of the Year Mojdeh dominated the girls' 10-11 50m butterfly via a 31.52-second record-breaking feat – better than the 31.73-second record of Rio Olympics gold medalist Joseph Schooling during their age group days.
Mojdeh was unstoppable as they registered another mark in the 100m breaststroke by virtue of their 1:24.64 clocking, besting the 1:26.92 previous mark in the tournament.
“Imagine that, she's [Mojdeh] breaking not only the records in their age band but also the record of Joseph Schooling during their age group days. She's really on track of making it to the Olympics. We just need to guide them properly, give their proper exposure and training program,” said PSL President Susan Papa.
Sharing the spotlight were gold medalists Risha Melvin De Guzman (boys' 10-11 200m IM, 2:47.07, and 100m breaststroke, 1:25.21), Nathan Sason (boys' 12-13 200m IM, 2:40.15, and 100m freestyle, 1:02.16), Kyla Soguilon (girls' 12-13 200m IM, 2:41.10, and 100m freestyle, 1:05.31), Martina Anela Estrella (girls' 8-9 100m freestyle, 1:26.28, and 50m butterfly, 31.76), Lee Grant Cabral (boys' 10-11 100m freestyle, 1:06.79, and 50m butterfly, 31.76), Kristine Austria (girls' 16-17 100m freestyle, 1:11.53, and 100m breaststroke, 1:26.54), Andrea Pacheco (girls' 18-over 100m breaststroke, 1:28.93) and Master Charles Janda (boys' 8-9 50m butterfly, 37.86).
The team also bagged gold medals in the 4x50m medley relay events through the performances of Marc Bryan Dula, Coby Rivilla, De Guzman and Cabral (boys' 10-11); Kiara Acierto, Tara Beard, Gwyneth Annayo and Callera (girls' 7-under); Ruben White, Arbeen Thruelen, Neil Salvador and Sason (boys' 12-13); Azze Dasion, Chloe Laurente, Alexi Gapultos and Soguilon (girls' 12-13); Enzo Malayang, Lucio Cuyong II, Chad Espinas and Mac Quiambao (boys' 14-15); Bea Quiambao, Jayani Balutan, Alexandra Cortes and Austria (girls' 16-17); and Andrea Abalos, Louise Ligutan, Sharmaine Sumampong and Alister Corpuz (girls' 18-over).
The silver medal winners were Triza Tabamo, Jenn Sermonia, Albert Sermonia II, Kiara Acierto, Heather White, Gregg Marasigan, Alexandra Cortes, Janda, Mojdeh, Rivilla, Chan, Quiambao, Pacheco, Cuyong, Evangelista, Dula, Thruelen, Soguilon, and the boys' 8-9 4x50m medley relay, girls' 8-9 4x50m medley relay, girls' 10-11 4x50m medley relay, girls' 14-15 4x50m medley relay and boys' 18-over 4x50m medley relay.
The bronzes were from Rowena Marielle De Guzman, Danielle Pelayo, Leodd Dalman, Tara Beard, Marinoelle Sergio, Nathan Cheng and the Open Mixed 4x50m medley relay composed of Paul Christian King Cusing, Pacheco, Mojdeh and Marasigan.
I finally finished Persona 5. It took us about 90 hours (I played with my wife) but it was worth every minute.
Each of the characters had a compelling arc and I felt their friendship get closer with every palace infiltration. The climactic reveal in Shibuya had me cheering for them. The music was brilliant and catchy. I felt sad when the game was over, but loved their final journey, drawn as an anime cutscene.
There are so many games that have great endings. They serve as a final reward, a payoff for the epic (or not so epic) struggle. Not every plot point needs to be resolved, as in one of my favorites of the 16-bit era, Phantasy Star II. The twist ending was completely unexpected and all these years later, still has me reeling at its implications. Chrono Trigger, with its multiple endings, was no slouch either, and some of the alternate timelines were as trippy as they were cool. Mass Effect 2 was one of the best games I've played with an equally strong ending. More recently, Nier: Automata's three endings that included one of the best credit sequences ever had me riveted with each twisted revelation.
Silent Hill 2 as well as Silent Hill: Shattered Memories both dived deep into the psyche of their protagonist's and gave endings that were as disturbing as they were revelatory (the UFO endings were fun too). Any time I finish a Dragon Quest, I feel a sense of joy at finally having conquered a hundred hours of gameplay. I've written before about how much Terragnima's bittersweet ending affected me and had me thinking about the future, humanity, and the nature of the universe itself. Both the first Bioshock and Bioshock Infinite's ending made my jaw drop in amazement.
Advertisement
Some endings can go completely against expectations, as with Red Dead Redemption. Others culminate in a character moment that resonates far beyond the moment, like in The Last of Us and Batman: Arkham City. Some leave us wanting more, as with Half-Life 2.
I could go on and on. But instead, I'll turn it over to Kotaku readers and ask: What is your favorite game ending?
___
Bitcoin futures soar amid frenzy over virtual currency
NEW YORK (AP) — Wall Street got its first taste of bitcoin on Monday, with the price of the first-ever futures contract for the digital currency jumping 20 percent. It's a step forward for the bitcoin, which has soared this year despite concerns that the surge of investor interest has transformed it from a new-age currency into just the latest speculative bubble.
___
Advertisement
Trump to make final pitch for GOP tax plan
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump will make their final pitch for the Republican tax plan in a speech to the American people. The White House says Trump will give a speech Wednesday on how tax reform will help taxpayers and their families. Trump and Republican leaders in Congress have promoted the massive tax plan by promising the tax cuts will boost the economy. The $1.5 trillion House and Senate tax bills combine steep tax cuts for corporations with modest reductions for individuals.
___
Apple orchestrates deal for song-recognition app Shazam
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Apple has bought Shazam, the maker of a song-recognition app that Apple's digital assistant Siri has already been using to help people identify the music playing on their iPhones. The companies didn't disclose the price of the acquisition announced Monday, but previous reports placed the value at about $400 million. Siri began drawing upon Shazam's technology to answer questions about songs in a 2014 update to the iPhone's operating system.
___
Some glitches seen in deadline week for 'Obamacare' sign-ups
WASHINGTON (AP) — Consumer advocates are reporting some glitches in the final days for "Obamacare" sign-ups, but the Trump administration largely seems to be keeping its promise of a smooth enrollment experience. Some HealthCare.gov customers got an incorrect message that no plans were available. President Donald Trump came into office promising to dismantle the Affordable Care Act, but it survived. Now their administration is overseeing the finale to sign-ups. Friday, Dec. 15 is the last day in most states.
___
Will misconduct scandals make men wary of women at work?
NEW YORK (AP) — Some people worry that the same climate that's embolden women to speak out against sexual harassment could make some men wary of female colleagues. The Miami-based owner of a food line says their business involves working mostly with men, and business often ends over lunch or drinks. But Ana Quincoces says those opportunities are dwindling because many of the men they encounter on the job "are terrified."
___
Zinke, House GOP face criticism over Patagonia attacks
WASHINGTON (AP) — Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke and House Republicans are escalating their feud with an outdoor retail company that opposes the Trump administration's plan to shrink two sprawling Utah national monuments. The House Natural Resources Committee said in a tweet that clothing giant Patagonia is "lying" about Trump's plan in order "to sell more products to wealthy elitist urban dwellers from New York to San Francisco."
___
In tax push, Trump's team uses a dubious growth estimate
WASHINGTON (AP) — A Treasury memo includes an assumption that tax cuts and other Trump administration policies would cause the economy to expand at a 2.9 percent annual pace over 10 years. Growth at that level would, in theory, keep the national debt from rising. But most independent analyses have concluded that the Senate tax overhaul would add at least $1 trillion to budget deficits in the next decade because they foresee far less growth resulting from the tax cuts.
___
Waiting for Congress, Mnuchin makes 2nd emergency debt move
WASHINGTON (AP) — Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said Monday they are making a second emergency move to keep the government from going above the debt limit while awaiting congressional action to raise the threshold. In a letter to congressional leaders, Mnuchin said they will not be able to fully invest in a large civil service retirement and disability fund. Skipped investments will be restored once the debt limit has been raised, they said.
___
US stocks close modestly higher; S&P 500, Dow hit new highs
NEW YORK (AP) — Technology companies led U.S. stocks modestly higher Monday, driving the market to another set of milestones. The Standard & Poor's 500 index and Dow Jones industrial average finished at all-time highs. Solid gains by health care companies also helped lift the market, outweighing losses among banks and industrial stocks. Energy stocks rose along with the price of crude oil.
___
The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 8.49 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,659.99. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 56.87 points, or 0.2 percent, to 24,386.03. The Nasdaq composite added 35 points, or 0.5 percent, to 6,875.08. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks slipped 1.88 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,519.84.
Benchmark U.S. crude gained 63 cents, or 1.1 percent, to settle at $57.99 per barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Brent crude, the international standard, added $1.29, or 2 percent, to close at $64.69 per barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline picked up 1 cent to $1.73 per gallon, while heating oil gained 2 cents to $1.95 per gallon. Natural gas rose 6 cents, or 2 percent, to $2.83 per 1,000 cubic feet.
Multiple Casualties In Manchester House Blaze
A number of people have been taken to hospital following a major fire at a terraced house in Greater Manchester.
Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service was called to a fire at a mid-terraced house on Jackson Street, Worsley, at 4.59am on Monday, December 11.
Firefighters rescued five people from the house and used six breathing apparatus, three hose reels and a ventilation fan to extinguish the fire.
Four crews from Farnworth, Bolton Central and Eccles attended.
Residents and commuters are advised to continue to avoid the area due to road closures.
Firefighters are still on the scene to monitor the house for any remaining hotspots.
Heart understands there have been a number of casualties but it is not clear how serious their injuries are, or if there has been any fatalities.
Freezing Rain Advisory issued February 14 at 9:47PM PST until February 15 at 10:00PM PST by NWS
Immigration officer Chhean Pisith, wearing a neck brace, is pushed through a Banteay Meanchey hospital in a wheelchair on December 22 after alleging they were hit by a car. Photo supplied
Gov't stands by their man
Government officials yesterday continued their stalwart defence of immigration official Chhean Pisith, despite the release of CCTV footage that shows Pisith walking without so much as a limp just days after claiming a CNRP official had struck them down with their SUV.
Three videos of surveillance footage leaked to a Facebook page on Friday show Pisith strolling through a Thai guesthouse on December 27 with a female companion. The video, which Pisith is said to have decried as a violation of their privacy, created a new wave of reactions over the weekend from Cambodian netizens, only solidifying widespread doubts over the merits of the case.
Pisith was sent to a Thai hospital after Mang Puthy, a local unionist and CNRP official, allegedly hit Pisith with their car five days earlier as they attempted to intervene in a dispute between the immigration officer and a local motodop.
Puthy was sent to pre-trial detention on a charge of aggravated intentional violence, but in a video of the incident released on social media, the car appears to be completely immobile when Pisith collapses in front of it. They were later photographed in a wheelchair and wearing a neck brace.
Sim Samarth, chief of immigration police at Poipet, said after being hit on December 22, Pisith was discharged on December 24 and was at the guesthouse awaiting documentation from the hospital.
“Why are people on Facebook criticising them because they got better and the hospital allowed them to go back home?” they asked.
Samarth added that officials had medical records to prove the extent of Pisith's injuries but would not publish them on Facebook and would instead submit them to the Banteay Meanchey Provincial Court as evidence.
The video from the Thai guesthouse was posted on Facebook under an account with the name Ton Sen. Contacted yesterday, the man using the account refused to reveal their name but admitted to posting the videos online.
The man, who sent messages to Post reporters via Facebook, said they had been in touch with the person who shot the videos of the security footage and volunteered to post them after the other person got cold feet.
“Someone gave it to me via Facebook chat. So I have the right to post it on Facebook in public,” they said. “I want the court to know that [Pisith] is a liar.”
They later posted a video of themselves alleging that Pisith was performing the charade to get a promotion. “Five-year-old children do acts like this. If they were injured badly, how did they get better so fast?” they asked.
Yesterday, Pheng Vannak, an official at the Interior Ministry, said Pisith had called the videos a breach of their privacy and that they were requesting that Thai police investigate the leak.
Following Puthy's arrest, both Banteay Menachey prosecutor Sok Keo Bandith and the Interior Ministry released statements saying there were no irregularities in the charges, backing the police's investigation.
However, opposition spokesperson Yim Sovann yesterday said the ministry needed to re-evaluate the case in light of the new videos.
“This does not seem politically motivated. But information on Facebook shows irregularities and they need to give answers to the public,” they said.
Barcelona, Spain — 4 July — Massaje Domicilio Barcelona is one of the best massage parlours in the whole city of Barcelona. With great masseuses and great facilities this is by far the best massage in Barcelona experience one can ever wish for. With clients ranging from powerful politicians to prestigious business owners and rich tourists the parlour has one of the highest standards when it comes to treating clients the right way. Professionalism is innate to this place and its employees are some of the best trained hospitality college graduate sin France and from other countries. Besides amazing massage the parlour offers all kinds of SPA services for women and men alike and those are a great success among the customers.
Of course such a high class place can only be famous for one thing, the amazing masseuse tantra Barcelona which you will find nowhere anymore in France. These women are well trained specialists coming from Asian countries who only know to perform this kind of massage and are amazing at it. With hundreds of hours of practice, they master this massage to perfection and are ready to repeat the soothing movements of hands every single day for hours. According to the customers this massage in an unparalleled experience which is only available here at Massaje Domicilio Barcelona and for which they are willing to pay exorbitant amounts of money every single day.
The customer base of this masseuse Barcelona is truly elite. It is not surprising that the parlour always manages to attract its clients back and get new clients via word of mouth. This place knows how to value important clients and how to show them that they are always welcome here. These people come back here because they know they will not really want to leave even after hours of massage and SPA procedure which they do on a weekly basis. The atmosphere of this place is unique and upscale nothing can compare to it and nothing can repeat it in its entirety.
It is natural to conclude that this place is a must for everyone who wants to experience masseuse naturiste Barcelona at least once the atmosphere is unforgettable and the relaxation is out of this world this is one experience you definitely should try in Barcelona instead of going the beaten path of tourist attractions.
Massaje Domicilio Barcelona is one of the best massage parlours in Barcelona. With some pf the most high class clients and some of the best services in the country, this establishment rose to the prominence it has today by employing some of the best professional masseuses in the country and working on the client services to the point they are almost perfect.
Company Name: Massaje Domicilio Barcelona
Website: http://masajedomiciliobarcelona.com
Fior Markets Publish a New Market Research Report On – “ PCR Machine Market 2017 Global Analysis and Forecast to 2022”. The Report Covers Industry Trends, Statistic, Segmentation, Growth, Market Share, Revenue, Leading Players, Region, Types and Application.
Download Free Sample report @ https://www.fiormarkets.com/report-detail/143448/request-sample
PCR Machine market report issues the latest industry data and future trends permitting you to discern the products and end users driving Revenue growth and benefits. The industry report lists the leading competitors and provides the insights strategic industry Analysis of the key factors influencing the market.
The report includes the forecasts, analysis and discussion of important industry trends, market size, market share estimates and profiles of the leading industry Players.
Backed by extensive primary and secondary research, the report Global PCR Machine Industry delivers valuable market insights. The report has been prepared using inputs from industry experts and features valuable recommendations from senior analysts. The report offers a comprehensive overview of the Global PCR Machine industry.
The reports include market drivers, restraints, challenges, opportunities, investment potential, leading technologies, future roadmap, player profile, regulatory ecosystem, and strategies. The report also delivers market size forecasts for PCR Machine Industry. The forecasts are further mentioned for the top segment of the PCR Machine market. This report comes with several charts, graphs, and graphics to make it an interesting read.
Access full report @ https://www.fiormarkets.com/report/global-pcr-machine-market-professional-survey-report-2017-143448.html
The report is divided into product segment analysis, application segment analysis and regional segment analysis. Geographically, the global PCR Machine market is designed for the following regional markets:
The industry research is disperse over the world which includes PCR Machine market in the USA, Europe, Japan, China, India and South East Asia.
This report includes industry definitions and types, regions, PCR Machine industry analysis like industry revenue, growth rate and price analysis, market share by players and regions, supply chain analysis, various company profiles, globalization and trade inclusive of business locations, supply channels, marketing strategy and barriers to entry, Import, Export, Consumption and Consumption Value by Major Countries.
Thus, the research study provides a comprehensive view of the global PCR Machine market, offering market dimensions and evaluations for the period from 2017 to 2022, keeping in mind the asupervisorstioned factors.
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness Pause
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
0:44 How an officer can tell whether a driver is stoned
1:11 How the Paso Robles Police Department is using body cameras
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:33 How to grill ribs: Tips from The Rib Line's kitchen
By Christopher Simon
Emptying the Dishwasher
“Therefore, as God's chosen people, holy and dearly loved, clothe yourselves with compassion, kindness, humility, gentleness and patience.” ~ Colossians 3:12 NIV
I recently had houseguests who stayed with me for several weeks. It was a blessing to share my house with these good friends who I have known and loved for many years, but our different habits of loading and unloading the dishwasher became a source of real annoyance. It wasn't that they were leaving dishes in the sink, but that they had the habit of turning the dishwasher off before they left the house, so I couldn't always tell whether the dishes had been done or not. Eventually we had to talk about it and figure out a way to keep all of us happy.
Loading and unloading the dishwasher is one of those ordinary acts of kindness and consideration that goes a long way towards keeping our relations smooth and friendly. These are the kinds of things that considerate people do as a part of their everyday life. Never underestimate the importance of these
minor things like loading and unloading the dishwasher.
What else in your everyday life has the potential to irritate those around you? Christian love is sometimes seen in the smallest details, such as whether you hang up your coat when you come inside, or whether you replace the roll of toilet paper.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham rock legend Ozzy Osbourne has lent their dulcet tones to the Midland Metro tram network today.
Travellers will hear their unmistakable voice making the passenger announcements on the network between Wolverhampton and Birmingham to celebrate BBC Music Day for which Ozzy is an ambassador.
Last year, a tram was named after the Black Sabbath singer following completion of the extension between Snow Hill and New Street stations.
Music Day producer Rebecca Sandiford said: "BBC Music Day aims to unite generations and communities through their love of music so we thought we'd give commuters a reason to smile as they make their daily journeys."
(Photo: PA)
Ozzy said: "When I was young, music was all that mattered to me. As a teenager, I was caught in the magical spell of The Beatles and that was all it took.
"I was gone. Music is still magic to me. It runs through my head all day long and I would never ever want that to stop.
"Being named one of 2017's Music Day Ambassadors was an unexpected and wonderful honour."
Colin Saward, general manager of National Express Midland Metro, said: "Ozzy already has a Midland Metro tram named after them and they launched our Birmingham city centre extension last year.
"So it's great to have the Prince of Darkness back as the voice of our trams on BBC Music Day."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Rio Ferdinand has sent a heartfelt message to Mohamed Salah.
The Egyptian star's season ended during Liverpool FC's loss to Real Madrid in the Champions League final in Kiev on Saturday.
Salah, who has been in sensational form with 44 goals in all competitions during the 2017-18 season, was substituted during the first-half.
They sustained a shoulder injury during a challenge with Sergio Ramos.
Salah, 25, left the pitch in tears before the Reds slumped to a disappointing 3-1 defeat by Los Blancos.
Karim Benzema opened the scoring before a Gareth Bale brace cancelled out Sadio Mane's equaliser.
The Egypt international has nonetheless earned plenty of new admirers for their brilliant performances this season.
Manchester United legend Ferdinand sent a message to Salah after the match.
Speaking to BT Sport , Ferdinand said: “He's become almost a bit more than a footballer.
“He's a symbol for lots of kids around the world and they come from a country that's been crying out for a hero for a long time. He's been that talisman.
“It's just disappointing to see their season end like that after all the stuff he's done this year.”
The Egyptian Football Federation has announced it does not expect Mohamed Salah's shoulder injury to keep them out for longer than three weeks, paving the way for them to feature at the World Cup.
The Liverpool forward is in a race against time to be fit for the start of the tournament in Russia next month after being forced off the pitch in tears during Saturday's Champions League final.
EFA president Hani Abu Reda, national team coach Hector Cuper and doctor Mohamed Abou El-Ela met with Salah on Wednesday in Valencia, where the 25-year-old is undergoing treatment and rehabilitation.
A post on the federation's Facebook page read: “The delegation of the national team was briefed on the recovery programme for the player, who is walking well and aims to join the squad in the World Cup, as well as the determination of the great player to catch up with theirs team-mates.
“For their part, Mohamed Abou El-Ela said that the period of absence of Salah due to injury will not exceed three weeks.”
Egypt's opening World Cup match takes place on June 15 against Uruguay, with their second against hosts Russia coming four days later.
Should Salah not return in time for either of those games, they could still appear in Egypt's final group match against Saudi Arabia on June 25.
A Kiwi company is helping global news agency Associated Press build interactive data graphics as part of a Microsoft project.
Enlighten Designs, a New Zealand software and website design company, is working with the Seattle-based tech giant on its data journalism program.
That scheme aims to help teach journalists how to use Microsoft's business intelligence and analytics software - called Power BI - to create and publish data visualisations on their websites.
These visualisations graphically depict large sets of data to help people make better sense of the information. They also can allow readers to interact with the data in question.
Advertisement
Enlighten's chief executive Damon Kelly says their company has worked with several US media organisations over the past year through Microsoft's program.
Speaking to the Herald in Seattle at the Microsoft Data Insights Summit, Kelly said Enlighten collaborated with news outlets which were using Power BI, did any technical "heavy lifting" that was needed and provided teams with training or support.
One benefit Enlighten gained from being involved in the data journalism program was gaining the status of a Microsoft partner vendor in the US.
"Which effectively makes Microsoft our client ... picking up Microsoft as a client is not bad especially out of New Zealand. Especially when you consider we're working for Microsoft Corp in America that's really significant," Kelly said.
The company had a long-standing relationship with Microsoft and has been working with its services since about 1999 - when Kelly set up Enlighten in a caravan at the back of their house.
In recent weeks Enlighten - which has 75 staff in Auckland and Hamilton offices - has helped Associated Press (AP) build an interactive map for its coverage of Tuesday night's local government primary in the US state of Virginia.
The visualisation - created using the Power BI tool - delivered audiences real-time election results as they came in from the ballot box.
Importantly, the visualisation was designed to allow news organisations that subscribe to AP's wire services to customise it and show how their local communities voted.
In minutes, these media outlets could quickly and simply display this information as an interactive graphic on their own websites.
Microsoft announced this morning that the AP would further use Power BI in a pilot program and take a similar approach to other data sets it gathers and releases.
"The pilot program will enable local and regional news outlets to more easily uncover and report the data-driven local stories most interesting to their audiences through AP's use of Power BI," Microsoft said in a website post.
"We are excited to be in the trenches with Associated Press," the company said.
- Hamish Fletcher travelled to the Microsoft Insights Data Summit with assistance from Microsoft.
An overturned oil tanker caused traffic to snarl on US 95 near Eastern Avenue on March 13, 2017. (Source: LVACS)
An oil tanker rolled over on the U.S. 95 freeway near Eastern Avenue on Monday, causing 50 gallons of its load to spill out.
Nevada Highway Patrol said the incident was reported in the southbound lanes just before the Eastern exit at 7:42 a.m.
There were no injuries from the rollover.
Two right lanes of the freeway were blocked due to the rollover and resulting cleanup. Two lanes were open to traffic during the heart of the morning rush hour.
A backup was reported all the way past Valley View Boulevard.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Ukraine's preparations to host the Eurovision song contest in May will not be derailed by the high-profile resignations of several organising members in a row over staffing and “transparency”, Ukrainian officials said on Tuesday.
A reported 21 members of the Ukraine Public Broadcaster (UA:PBC), including two executive producers, the event manager and head of security, have resigned from this year's Eurovision team over “staffing matters”, the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) said.
The EBU, which founded the song contest in 1956, released a statement reiterating that the event would take place in Kiev in May.
It said: “The group felt they were not able to continue work on the project owing to staffing matters at UA:PBC, which the EBU cannot fully comment on.
“The team have been instrumental in the planning for this year's Eurovision song contest and we thank them for their hard work
“We have reiterated to UA:PBC the importance of a speedy and efficient implementation of plans already agreed, despite staff changes, and that we stick to the timeline and milestones that have been established and approved by the reference group to ensure a successful contest in May.”
Resignations
Among those who quit were executive producers Oleksandr Kharebin and Victoria Romanova and commercial director Iryna Asman, saying they felt sidelined by the appointment of a new event co-ordinator and worried by a lack of transparency in decision-making.
They also said a decision to increase the event's budget to €29 million from €22 million would deprive Ukraine's state broadcaster of €7-€8 million of profit.
Last year, Ukraine won the Eurovision song contest with the song 1944, performed by Jamala.
Reuters and PA
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
You could be one of almost two million people who are entitled to more than £50 worth of refunds.
It is all down to overcharging customers on a service to register for powers of attorney.
The Office of the Public Guardian didn't drop its prices after finding cheaper ways to grant powers of attorney and it cannot make a profit.
And a page has been set up on the Government's website for people to make their claims, with nearly two million people thought to be affected.
According to the Mirror Online, the Ministry of Justice said these people are due a refund because they were overcharged when seeking a lasting power of attorney.
This is because the Office of the Public Guardian is not allowed to make a profit from carrying out this work - but didn't drop its prices after finding cheaper ways to grant powers of attorney.
Old Mutual sent in Freedom of Information request to find out how many people could be due a refund, and discovered 1.8 million customers had been overcharged by up to £54.
Rachael Griffin, tax and financial planning expert at Old Mutual Wealth, said: "The Ministry of Justice is only supposed to charge enough to cover the cost of providing the service, but the large number of applications meant it made a £89 million surplus, which it now needs to repay."
This means people can get part of your application fee back if they applied to register a power of attorney from April 1, 2013, to March 31, 2017.
This applies to lasting powers of attorney (LPA) and enduring powers of attorney (EPA). You can only claim a refund if you made the power of attorney in England or Wales.
What is power of attorney?
(Image: Jonathan Brady/PA Wire)
A lasting power of attorney (LPA) is a legal document that lets you (the "donor") appoint one or more people (known as "attorneys") to help you make decisions or to make decisions on your behalf.
This gives you more control over what happens to you if you have an accident or an illness and can't make your own decisions (you "lack mental capacity").
Who can claim a refund?
According to the Government website, you can make a claim if you're:
the "donor" - the person who made the power of attorney
an "attorney" - appointed by the donor in an LPA or EPA
The refund must be paid to the donor.
You only need to make one claim per donor, even if you made more than one power of attorney.
How much will you get?
How much you get depends on when you paid the fees. You'll also get 0.5% interest.
You can still claim a refund even if you don't know when you paid the fees.
When you paid the fee Refund for each power of attorney April to September 2013 £54 October 2013 to March 2014 £34 April 2014 to March 2015 £37 April 2015 to March 2016 £38 April 2016 to March 2017 £45
You'll get half the refund if you paid a reduced fee ("remission").
How do I claim my refund?
(Image: Kirsty O'Connor/PA Wire)
It takes about 10 minutes to claim online.
You'll need the donor's UK bank account number and sort code.
You must claim by phone if:
the donor doesn't have a UK bank account
the donor has died
you're a court-appointed deputy
You can also claim by phone if you don't have a computer or can't use one easily.
Claim online:
Visit the Government website here and follow the instructions on the screen.
Claim by phone:
Contact the Refunds Helpline.
Refunds Helpline
Email: poarefunds@justice.gsi.gov.uk
Telephone: 0300 456 0300 (choose option 6)
Textphone: 0115 934 2778
Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Friday 9am to 5pm
Wednesday 10am to 5pm
What happens after you've claimed?
It takes up to 12 weeks for your claim to be processed.
If your claim is approved, the refund will be paid to the donor's bank account.
You can appeal a decision if your claim is rejected - contact the Refunds Helpline.
A wonderful first day for Irish crews at Henley Royal Regatta culminated with a thrilling win for NUIG. The coxed four gutted it out after trailing in second for almost the entire 2,112 metres of the Prince Albert heat. They passed Nereus of the Netherlands only coming up to the line as the cheering crowds almost pulled them over the line. They won by a canvas in a photo finish.
The three other Irish crews all won on the first day of races on the River Thames, but in contrasting fashions. Cork Boat Club's eight, stroked by Leaving Certificate student Barry O'Flynn, trailed early on but rowed down Potomac by halfway in the Thames Cup. Trinity accounted for University of London ‘B' with aplomb in the Temple eight. A good start; a clearwater lead by halfway; over the line with no fuss. They meet Syracuse, a selected crew on Thursday.
Neptune had started the day with a similarly impressive win over Tideway Scullers C in the Fawley Cup for junior quadruples. Their opponents pushed hard coming up to the line but the Dublin crew were rock solid.
In the Double Sculls challenge cup, Paul O'Donovan and Gary O'Donovan, who were invited to the event, were selected (seeded) and they will go into action first at the quarter-final stage on Friday.
MEXICO CITY (AP) " Small groups of protesters are blockading some roads and gasoline stations in Mexico to protest a government price deregulation that sent the price of fuel up by as much as 20 percent over the weekend.
A group of protesters blockaded a privately owned gasoline station on Mexico City's main boulevard on Monday, shouting "the people, united, will never be defeated!"
On a busy highway leading into the capital, another group blocked traffic and held up a banner reading "Enough already!"
The Mexican government said the deregulation had long been planned, but unfortunately coincided with rising world oil prices.
Gasoline supplies have begun stabilizing after some stations were left dry due to what officials described as increased pipeline thefts, panic buying, increased holiday demand and unforeseen shipping delays.
Republican Network for Unity's Easter Message has been seen as potentially signalling a significant change in dissident republican strategy.
Speaking in Ardoyne on Saturday former republican prisoner Gary McNally said that “a strategic rethink is required from both the individual republican activist and organisational republicanism”.
Republican Network for Unity (RNU) has been said to be the political wing of Oglaigh na hEireann (ONH).
RNU sent “comradely greetings” to the terror group at its 2011 AGM.
RNU rejects the PSNI and Belfast Agreement and also campaigns for release of dissident prisoners.
Mr McNally continued: “For a protracted period, the republican movement has been engaged in a process of debate, discussion and deliberation about the future of the republican struggle, and in particular, the future of our movement.”
There have been recent “changes in the political arena,” they added.
“We have assessed our strengths and weaknesses, we have taken stock of our capabilities and our inabilities, we have looked at what we do well and what we do poorly, we have measured this against the current political climate, the will of the average person in our community and recent local and global changes in the political arena,” they said.
“We recognise that we must move forward with our people, not without them and not ahead of them or eventually they will move forward without us.
“For too long Irish republicans have remained on their knees, constrained by an inability to modernise and accept the situation on the ground.”
On a Friday afternoon in Clarkston, GA, students file out of Indian Creek Elementary School and head home to the apartment complex next door where they live.
But instead of spreading out across the large open field at Willow Branch, running to jump on the swing set, or going home alone, they congregate in the leasing office where Allie Reeser greets some with hugs and hands out juice and chips.
On most days, they'd be pulling out their homework or practicing skills for the Georgia Milestones assessments on a Study Buddy, a mobile device similar to a handheld Nintendo game. But it's the end of the week, and today they're settling down to watch “Because of Winn Dixie,” because they've been reading the book with Reeser.
Leasing office turned after-school site. Linda Jacobson
This apartment community after-school program, which consistently serves about 80 children in grades K-5, isn't funded by the local school district or paid for by the parents. It's an amenity offered as part of their lease, as well as landlord Margaret Stagmeier's effort to bring some stability to this largely immigrant community.
“Just like kids would go to the pool, they go to the after-school program,” Stagmeier says.
This former 6th-grade Monopoly champion, who back then saw real estate in their future, also views the program as a smart business move. Instead of breaking sprinkler heads or leaving trash on the grounds, the young residents are getting help with their schoolwork and practicing for state tests. They spend about $3,000 to run the program, which includes program manager Reeser's pay and other supplies, but they reap three times that in savings on maintenance.
Purchasing the complex in 1996, they also pledged to keep rents low at $618 per month, which is less than what many families living in subsidized housing pay. Flourishing vegetable gardens now line the perimeter of the open field, there is a weekly farmer's market, and as part of a wellness program for residents, they work with nearby Oakhurst Medical to sign families up for primary health care services.
Calling them approach an “education model with a housing solution,” Stagmeier understands the connections between transiency, student achievement and neighborhood safety, but they also know how most business people think.
“It's hard to get investors in invest in blight,” they say. “And if you have a blighted apartment community, there's a 100% chance you have a failing school.”
Youth volunteer during the summer program at Willow Branch. Allie Reeser
A 'pathway' to school improvement
Among myriad efforts to “turn around” low-performing schools over the past few decades, addressing students' living arrangements has not been a prominent strategy. Researchers and social policy experts, however, have long recognized that housing and education are intertwined and that high student mobility negatively affects student — and school — performance. More research is needed, however, on how “housing can be a positive pathway to achieving better school outcomes,” Mary Cunningham and Graham MacDonald of the Urban Institute wrote in a 2012 policy brief.
One challenge, they add, is that many studies compare homeless students to those who aren't, not accounting for the many other unstable situations in which children live. “Families move in and out of these circumstances, and they may appear stable at one point in time but experience inadequate housing in others,” they write.
An earlier paper from the Center for Housing Policy highlighted the benefits of residential-based after-school programs, such as eliminating the need for special transportation arrangements, alleviating parents' concerns about whether their children are safe after school and simply being more convenient for parents.
In recent years, officials running public housing agencies and developments have started to see these connections and provide after-school programs, often as part of grant-funded, place-based initiatives, such as Choice Neighborhoods. In Seattle, for example, Catholic Community Services runs its Youth Tutoring Program in Yesler Terrace, a Seattle Housing Authority development.
Another leading example is Eden Housing in California, a nonprofit housing developer and property manager that offers after-school programs in many of its 135 sites across the state, most of which are in the San Francisco Bay area.
When the leaders of Oakland-based Partnership for Children and Youth (PCY) — an advocacy organization that provides technical assistance in the areas of after-school programs, summer learning and community schools — learned about Eden Housing's educational programs, they were unaware that such programs existed. But that knowledge led to PCY's HousEd project, which now supports affordable housing providers running education programs through workshops and training opportunities.
Two years ago, PCY also developed Quality Standards for Expanded Learning in Public and Affordable Housing, which are adapted from the widely used Youth Program Quality Assessment. A growing number of “engaged learners” are additionally participating in HousEd's network, leading to further partnerships.
“We're grounded in this mission that we want to create education opportunities where kids live,” says HousEd director Jennifer Hicks, adding that school-based after-school programs can rarely offer enough slots to families who want their children to participate. Most apartment complexes, however, have a community center or clubhouse near the pool that sits largely unused during the week. They added that once program staff members became skilled at working with students, they began to connect adults to services as well, and that parents were more likely to be open to support if their children were safe and learning.
“Families are feeling like, ‘If you support my kid, I'm going to listen to you,'” says Hicks.
Attendance Works, the nonprofit organization that has brought widespread attention to the negative effects of chronic absenteeism, is also partnering with HousEd to work with five housing agencies to increase school attendance.
Still, most of these efforts involve the public and nonprofit sectors, which Stagmeier notes does not reflect the vast majority of renters who aren't eligible for any type of housing assistance but are struggling month to pay rent and keep their children from changing schools again.
According to the most recent State of the Nation's Housing report from Harvard University's Joint Center for Housing Studies, the percentage of families with children living in rental housing has increased, from 32% in 2005 to 39% in 2016, reflecting in part the high rates of foreclosure during the recession.
While construction of multi-family units has increased, the report notes, the supply of apartments renting for less than $800 a month has declined. Close to half of all renters are what the report refers to as “cost-burdened,” meaning that they pay more than 30% of their income on rent. Close to 25 million children live in such families, especially those in families with incomes less than $30,000 per year.
“To make ends meet, these families often do not buy enough food for their households or they substitute cheaper but less nutritious foods, either of which can jeopardize their children's health and development,” the authors write.
'Parents were so grateful'
Even a slight increase in rent can force such families to look for new housing as Stagmeier found in the first apartment complex where they implemented an after-school program.
That was Madison Hills apartments in Marietta, north of Atlanta. Students living in the complex attended nearby Brumby Elementary School, which, when Stagmeier acquired it in 2006, was on a watch list of failing schools and had a student mobility rate decline of 67%. After the after-school program began, mobility dropped to 41%, all 90 of the children in the program earned passing scores on state tests and the school was recognized as a Title I School of Distinction in 2012.
“We saw gains in our tests scores, grades and behavior with the students that participated in the program,” says Principal Amanda Richie, adding the program manager was another adult who could hold the students accountable for homework and attendance. “Parents were so grateful to have a place for their students to be in the afternoons after school.”
But then Stagmeier's investors chose to sell the property to a new investment group, which opted to raise the rent and shut down the after-school program. In 2013, the school received a grade of B from the state's Office of Student Achievement. Every year since then, it has earned a D. Richie says there was a noticeable decline in grades, test scores and good behavior after the program ended.
In addition to Willow Branch, Stagmeier will soon be implementing their model at an apartment complex near a school in Atlanta, and she's exploring the possibility of operating after-school programs at properties they don't own. They have created a nonprofit organization, Star-C, so the program can receive donations and they can continue to replicate the model. But they have high expectations of any apartment owner who wants to work with them — keep rents low, provide the program director a free apartment, have a facility for the after-school program, and ideally have a school that is willing to be a partner.
Forming housing-school relationships
PCY's standards for such programs encourage partnerships with schools and a decision-making process that includes school administrators. But establishing such connections with schools can be difficult, and creating data-sharing agreements with after-school providers can take years.
One reason why the program at Madison Hills was successful and students' scores improved, Stagmeier says, was because they and the program manager were able to work in close partnership with Richie.
The manager worked with teachers at the school to make sure students had the right supplies and resources to do their homework. They picked them up from the bus stop to encourage them to come to the program, and they volunteered at the school.
“It was so great to have a partnership with the neighborhood,” Richie says. “And it certainly felt as if the apartment complex was more of a neighborhood than just another group of apartments.”
Stagmeier and Reeser are still working to develop relationships with leaders and staff members at Indian Creek. Reeser attends the students' school performances and has sent notes to teachers to introduce herself. They know it will take time.
Snack time Linda Jacobson
Stagmeier is quick to acknowledge that she's not an education expert, but they do have a perspective on “turnaround” strategies used in many low-performing schools in recent years, such as replacing the staff, state takeovers or private management. The academic gains seen at Brumby Elementary were achieved with the same teachers and the same principal, they say.
Funders, they add, also don't fully understand the model. “They say, ‘We gave $5 million to the school.' They should have put $5 million in the blighted apartment.”
Now at Willow Branch, 80% of the students in the after-school program have earned passing scores on the Milestones tests and students have an average GPA of 3.25. Graduate theology and medical school students from Emory University volunteer as tutors, and undergraduates work at the program as part of a class project. The program also runs during the summer, with even more volunteers, back-to-school medical exams and free school supplies for the children.
Some 6th-graders still attend the program because they don't want to leave, and looking ahead, Stagmeier would like to add on to the existing building to make room for a middle- and high-school program that would focus on college- and career-readiness. They would also love to acquire the apartment community across the street from Willow Branch, where the rest of Indian Creek's students live.
Education programs in public housing developments will “never move the needle,” they say. “For-profit landlords have to be part of the solution.”
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) -- North Korea said Tuesday that leader Kim Jong-un was briefed on their military's plans to launch missiles into waters near Guam as part of an effort to create "enveloping fire" near the U.S. military hub in the Pacific.
A team of experts from Dundee University have been praised for their work in a murder investigation.
It comes after human remains found in East Lothian were confirmed to be those of missing woman Louise Tiffney.
Ms Tiffney, 43, was last seen leaving their home in Edinburgh's Dean Village in May 2002.
The remains were found by a cyclist in an area off the A198, near the entrance to Gosford House in Longniddry two weeks ago.
Searches had been carried out several years ago, around the time of Louise's disappearance, in the countryside nearby and on Gosford Estate — but nothing was found then.
A murder charge against Ms Tiffney's son Sean Flynn was previously found not proven at the High Court in Perth in 2005.
Police have said following the new discovery they are still investigating a murder and that detectives would continue to liaise with the Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service.
Anthropologists were drafted in from the University of Dundee to analyse the scene where the body was found.
Speaking at St Leonard's Police Station in Edinburgh, DCI Keith Hardie, from the Major Investigation Team, said the force “could not do it without” the university experts.
They said: “The experts from the University of Dundee have been massively important.
“We don't have the expertise that the anthropologists have.
“We have worked with them on a number of occasions and they provide us superb support.
“They are world-renowned at what they do.
“We could not do it without them — it is as simple as that — and they provide an absolutely fantastic service.”
DCI Hardie, who has been involved in a number of murder investigations, including the murders of Haddington's Brian Bathgate and Edinburgh pensioner Eleanor Whitelaw, described the finding and identifying of the remains as “the biggest development to date”.
They said: “It is a hugely significant move forward.
“It allows us to give the family some form not of resolution at this point but a step forward, if you like.
“We now know exactly what we are dealing with and we are dealing with a murder inquiry, a live murder inquiry.
“We have to make sure we maximise all the potential evidential opportunities.”
Further investigations will be carried out before a report is submitted to the Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service.
In 2008 the Swiss car media specialist ZENEC (http://www.zenec.com/) launched the first vehicle-specific permanently installed navigation system in the E>GO range. Now in 2018 the E>GO is already in the fifth generation. The flagship of the new models, the Z-E2050 infotainer for Golf V and VI platforms, has been put through a tough test by the well-known Car & Hifi trade magazine in issue 03/2018. And with resounding success: “With the ZENEC Z-E2050 you get a brand-name device with first-class features and brilliant performance that is really easy to use at an amazingly good price”, is the verdict of the testers about the Z-E2050, awarding it the ‘Highlight' accolade.
SPECIALISED FOR VW, SEAT AND SKODA
In the detailed test report Car & Hifi has particular praise for the perfect in-vehicle integration for which the ZENEC E>GO range is well known: “In terms of fit and electrical interfaces, including CAN bus adapters, the Z-E2050 is perfectly tailored to the Golf V/VI, and many other vehicles from the VW Group based on this platform.”
The latest ZENEC also integrates “perfectly with the VW on-board vehicle electronics”, according to the journalists. Depending on the original equipment of the vehicle, functions like steering wheel remote control, climate control, OPS parking radar, rear-view camera, and MFA+ are supported.
ATTRACTIVE FEATURES, ATTRACTIVE PRICE
ZENEC's new brand-name device is a hit with the testers with its “extremely attractive price” of 559 euros: “This puts the Z-E2050 almost at the price level of cheap Chinese imports, and that with a full guarantee and access to a well-known European distributor if servicing is needed”.
According to Car & Hifi ZENEC “really goes to town” with the feature set – starting with the extraordinarily large 8-inch (20.3 cm) capacitive touchscreen. “In operation the display screen is brilliant and reacts promptly at the touch of a finger. Operation of all functions is smooth and trouble-free.”
Equipped with CD/DVD drive, microSD slot, two USB connections, and HDMI port, the Z-E2050 has all the multimedia tools on-board. Added to that is a receiver for DAB+ digital radio that the experienced testers certify as having “crystal clear noise-free reception”. The integrated Bluetooth unit also impresses these critical journalists: “Hands-free calling and music streaming function really well, offering every comfort.”
SMART RETROFIT NAVIGATION SYSTEM
What particularly impressed the testers is the how really easy it is to upgrade the Z-E2050 to a sat nav system. Available in the basic version as a moniceiver for 559 euros, the infotainer can be easily expanded with the Europe-wide navigation software Z-EMAP50 (139 euros): “Just insert the SD card, and the ZENEC becomes an integrated navigation system at what is nevertheless still a very attractive total price of 700 euros.”
Yet even without the navigation package you can use the ZENEC as a turn-by-turn sign post. “This is possible thanks to the SmartLink function” say the trade journalists, “that allows any app, including navigation, of a connected Android phone to be used on the ZENEC display.” This is done by simply connecting the Android phone to one of the two USB ports so that the apps can be controlled directly from the ZENEC.
SUMMARY
“The ZENEC Z-E2050 performed very well in our laboratory and field tests. And in the test lab too the ZENEC does not put a foot wrong” is the final verdict of the testers regarding the performance of the new ZENEC device. “A big hit indeed!” is how Car & Hifi summarizes it. “The Z-E2050 is the new infotainment benchmark for Golf V/VI and its relatives.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A group of thugs is caught on camera clashing with each other in the middle of a road armed with machetes.
The incident happened on Tuesday afternoon, May 29, near to the Mander Centre shopping centre on Victoria Street, Wolverhampton City Centre.
In a video, above, a group runs into the intersection of Victoria Street and Bell Street, before swinging the machetes at each other.
After a short clash between the youths, the group separates and flee the scene, putting their weapons in their jackets and down their trousers. Police have asked anyone who has information about those involved in the incident to get in touch.
The incident can be seen in the video above.
A spokesperson for West Midlands Police said: "Armed police attended after several reports of men armed with machetes.
"It is not thought that anyone was seriously injured and no arrests have been made."
Anyone with information on the incident can get in touch with officers by calling 101 and quoting the reference log 1611 of 29/5.
Alternatively, you can contact Crimestoppers with information anonymously on 0800 555 111.
A woman who alleges they were raped by Ireland and Ulster rugby players Paddy Jackson and Stuart Olding has rejected a suggestion that they “watered down” their knowledge of the sport and its players, a court in Belfast has heard.
On Friday, the 21-year-old student, who alleges they were raped at Mr Jackson's home on June 28th, 2016 when they were 19 years-old, was cross-examined by Brendan Kelly QC, representing Mr Jackson, for a second day at Belfast Crown Court.
The court was shown a 35-minute video recording of the complainant's second police interview in July 2016.
In the PSNI recording the complainant told an officer that when a woman at the party walked into the bedroom of the east Belfast home of Mr Jackson during the alleged incident they had turned away because they were “mortified”.
They also said they turned away because they feared they could have been being photographed, as the other girls at the house had been taking pictures downstairs.
The young woman told police they did not recall what Mr Jackson was doing, whether they were having sex with her, when the partygoer was briefly in the room. They told police: “I was trying hard to pretend it was not happening. It's like I wasn't there.”
‘Face with their name'
The complainant told Mr Kelly they do not follow rugby and first registered Mr Jackson's “face with their name” when they had handed them a drink at a Belfast bar in 2015 when they were working on a drinks promotion.
On their presence in the VIP area at Ollies nightclub in the hours before the alleged rape in June 2016 they told Mr Kelly it was nothing to do with rugby players being there.
“We didn't go into that VIP area to meet Ulster rugby players, if that's what you are insinuating,” they said.
Mr Kelly put it to the complainant that when they had raised their concerns about reporting the matter to police, a friend of theirs had said in text messages that they should “just pretend you don't know them from Ulster Rugby”.
The complainant highlighted that “those words are not mine”.
When asked if they had “watered down” either their following of rugby or knowledge of people who played they said: “Not at all. I have not watered down anything”.
“I don't follow Ulster rugby, I don't follow Irish rugby either,” they added.
Mr Jackson (26), of Oakleigh Park, Belfast is charged with one count of rape and one count of sexual assault and Mr Olding (24), of Ardenlee Street, Belfast, is charged with one count of rape.
Blane McIlroy (26), of Royal Lodge Road, Ballydollaghan, Belfast, is accused of one count of exposure.
Rory Harrison (25), from Manse Road, Belfast, is charged with perverting the course of justice and withholding information.
They all deny the charges.
‘CCTV footage'
The court was also shown CCTV footage from Ollie's nightclub where the complainant and defendants had been socialising separately prior to the “after party” at Mr Jackson's home.
The complainant said they had not been aware Mr Jackson was in the VIP area.
The footage showed the complainant and a friend of theirs dancing in the nightclub among other patrons, including members of the Northern Ireland football squad and staff.
The complainant acknowledged they could be seen stumbling and was drunk in Ollies. Previously they told the court they had consumed one-and-a-half glasses of wine at a pre-party and three double vodkas at Ollies.
They confirmed they could not remember briefly placing their hand on the knee of footballer Kyle Lafferty or momentarily holding on to Will Grigg's arm.
Mr Kelly asked if it was typical for them not to remember things when they had been drinking?
“I don't remember every single moment on a night out,” they replied. Asked if they were attracted to celebrities at the time they said: “No. I didn't know who these people were.” When asked if they knew who Mr Jackson was they said: “I knew their name, yes and I knew what they looked like, yes.”
The trial has been adjourned until Monday.
DEAR MISS MANNERS: I am planning a 100th birthday party for my late grandmother's recently reconditioned piano. The guests will be other classical musicians and singers.
As usual, when we all get together and there's a piano nearby, some people like to play or sing. I'll engage a pianist, too. (No tip jar!) As hostess, I'll refrain from singing unless we all get silly and, as a group, sing “Happy Birthday to Miss Wellington-Cable!”
Now I know one should never encourage or discourage gifts in an invitation for a person.
But as this type of party is (hopefully) unique, I think many people may wonder whether to bring a gift for an inanimate object.
I'm leaning towards keeping to the usual “no gift mention at all” rule. However someone tells me I need to make an exception “because nobody will know what to do for a piano's birthday!” I figure I can say something when people reply, as they usually do in the South, with, “May I bring anything?”
Am I leaning the right way or am I “out of tune” here?
GENTLE READER: Re-examining the reasons behind etiquette is always welcome, never more so than when new situations arise.
In this case, however, the original reasoning still applies, namely that it is impolite to assume one is going to receive a present, and therefore one should not provide instructions on the point.
Miss Manners would not wish to presume that given your piano's age, you will not be sending follow-up questions about wedding plans and baby showers.
DEAR MISS MANNERS: I will be moving soon and would like to send out moving notices to friends and family. However, part of why I'm moving is because I'm also getting divorced.
Now, of course, my family and close friends know this already. There are several friends, however, who may not know.
Is there any way to convey this on the moving notice without it being, for lack of a better word, weird? Do I just list my name and my two children on there and hope that gets the message across?
GENTLE READER: There is a logic to using a single stamp when announcing all the things you are leaving behind, but a divorce and a move are not similar enough to share an envelope — no matter how much you loved the house and how little you loved the spouse.
People with whom you are close enough to share personal information will need to be told explicitly about the divorce. For others, Miss Manners agrees that a card with the names of those making the move satisfies the requirements of etiquette. But be prepared for one or two follow-up questions.
Want Miss Manners delivered to your inbox for free on weekdays?
Sign up for our Coffee Break newsletter here.
DEAR MISS MANNERS: I have a friend whose spouse and three children call them several times a day. Although they have made plans with me, they will answer the phone in the middle of a lunch/dinner date, coffee visit, etc.
I have explained I think it is rude to interrupt a conversation to accept a call or text. They insist it could be an emergency, every time. What else can I say?
GENTLE READER: “Was it an emergency?”
Please send your questions to Miss Manners at their website, www.missmanners.com; to their email, dearmissmanners@gmail.com; or through postal mail to Miss Manners, Andrews McMeel Syndication, 1130 Walnut St., Kansas City, MO 64106.
ELLSWORTH — The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration announced last week that it was recommending six Maine fisheries research projects for a total of $1.5 million in Saltonstall-Kennedy program grants.
In line for funding, but still subject to final approval, are grants to:
The Downeast Institute for Applied Marine Research and Education, $278,000 for demonstrating aquaculture technologies designed to increase the supply, quality and diversification of domestic seafood and field experiments with cultured arctic surf clams. Last Friday, the organization celebrated the groundbreaking of a $5.8-million expansion of its facilities on Beals Island.
The Gulf of Maine Research Institute, $288,888 to study the issue of “choke species” in a changing climate. Choke species are fish with very small landings quotas and fishermen who haul them in as bycatch may be forced to stop fishing for other species.
Atlantic Offshore Lobstermen's Association, $141,092 for the continuation and expansion of 2015 tagging effort studying lobster migration and growth on Georges Bank and in the Gulf of Maine.
Bigelow Laboratory for Ocean Sciences, $298,932 to study the phytoremediation potential of farmed kelp in connection with shellfish aquaculture.
University of Maine, $299,623 for evaluating the life history and stock structure of yellowfin tuna in the northwest Atlantic Ocean.
University of Maine, $275,308 for a study assessing the potential for sustainability of fishing-dependent coastal Maine communities in the face of environmental and socioeconomic change.
According to the NOAA, as of Monday June 12, “application approval and obligation is not final.” Recommendation of a grant is not the same as authorization for beginning the project and does not guarantee funding.
Final approval is subject to funding availability as well as final review and approval by both NOAA Grants Management Division and DOC (Department of Commerce) Financial Assistance Law Division. No grant application is considered to be awarded until it has been signed by the official grants officer, who will notify successful applicants in writing when their application has been approved.
[Noozhawk note: The following letter was written in response to a Craig Allen column published Monday in Noozhawk.]
Dear Craig,
First let me thank you for your article in Noozhawk regarding solar electricity. Our choices around electricity are hugely important given the economic and environmental ramifications of the different options.
I also wanted to thank you for your discussion of different investing opportunities in solar electricity. Locally, we have been working with a new solar finance company, Wiser Capital to try to fund solar projects on local nonprofits. We have a project in process right now that will save the nonprofit significantly and get our investors double-digit returns.
I do want to touch on your discussion of costs, rebates and tax credits as they were a bit off from what we're seeing in the field.
First, your estimated cost of solar is high. Conservatively, we're seeing residential prices around $4.50/watt (our current group purchase program has a base of $3.95/watt: www.SolarizeSYV.org). At $4.50/watt, a 3kW system would cost $13,500 and a 7kW would cost $31,500. Not the $18,000 to $40,000 you mentioned in the article.
Furthermore, the rebates from the State of California are effectively gone and have been insignificant for the better part of six months (longer in PG&E territory). Right now, a 3kW system in Edison territory would net a $600 rebate. Yet we have not seen the adoption of solar drop because the rebate did what it was supposed to do — drive up adoption and drive down price.
With the federal tax credit, as I understand, it can be taken on the entire system cost after rebates. And while it is expiring in 2016, subsidies for oil and gas never expire. They have been in place since the early 1900s, and therefore, a true discussion of comparative costs are impossible. We continue to subsidize the oil and gas industry so it can be competitive today. Why shouldn't we subsidize solar? Or better yet, take away all subsidies and let renewable energy compete on an even playing field.
Last, we are seeing ROIs in the double digits, paybacks on systems in six to seven years and lifetime savings (something most people tend to forget about) in the tens of thousands of dollars. And that's just for the warrantee “life” of the system. Additionally for homeowners who decide to lease, or business owners with PPAs, savings can be immediate and drastic with no upfront costs.
If you would like to do a follow-up article on actual people and businesses switching to solar, we'd be happy to arrange that. Thank you for your time and examination of this important topic.
Megan Birney, energy programs manager
Community Environmental Council
Santa Barbara
There was a time when Chenai Mathabire read Vogue, watched beauty pageants on TV and fantasized about being a supermodel. Today they help the sick and injured as a nurse and epidemiologist.
Last month, the 35-year-old Zimbabwean received an International AIDS Society prize for showing that a faster tuberculosis test could be implemented at health centers in southeast Africa. Them work will help save the lives of HIV-positive patients who contract TB.
"Nursing is often looked down upon and people just think you are there to be the maid of the doctor or do the dirty work. But teachers made me realize that nurses have a big role to play," says Mathabire.
In Zimbabwe's bustling capital, Harare, Mathabire earned high enough points in their studies to pursue a degree in physiotherapy, occupational therapy or nursing at university. They chose to become a nurse — the first nurse in their family. In 2008, they were between jobs and Zimbabwe was facing economic problems. Mathabire decided to apply for a job at Doctors Without Borders.
The work took them into some of Africa's grimmest situations. They helped diagnose malnourished children with HIV, tuberculosis, pneumonia and malaria in Zimbabwe. Then they supervised workers who were teaching HIV-positive pregnant women how to protect their children from the virus. After that, they worked in a mobile hospital in South Sudan, treating gunshot wounds during a tribal war.
In 2015, they were recruited for their first research assignment at Doctors Without Borders, work that would eventually earn them an International AIDS Society prize. They knew that TB was the No. 1 killer of HIV-positive patients from their previous work, but they didn't know about the rapid tuberculosis test until they read the study's protocol. They were eager to get started on the project.
For two years, Mathabire and a team explored how easily health clinics and hospitals in the Chiradzulu District of Malawi and the Chamanculo District of Mozambique could implement the tuberculosis test for HIV patients, who are more susceptible to the infection.
In Malawi and Mozambique, HIV is the leading cause of death. It is often spread through unprotected sex, and it has wiped out 27 percent of Malawi's and 24 percent of Mozambique's populations according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Finding out whether an HIV-positive person has tuberculosis is a matter of life and death. Mathabire remembers a Malawi man in their early 30s who left a clinic untreated. The rapid test, which analyzes a molecule in the patient's urine with a paper strip, had shown that they had TB. A coughing test didn't. But doctors weren't referring patients for the rapid test in their assessment of the man. It hadn't yet been approved by the Ministry of Health which was awaiting the World Health Organization's policy guidance. The man died before they could go back to get help.
Their story wasn't unique, Mathabire says. "It's very sad but then you realize why you are doing the study — to prevent this from happening," they say. "You start to realize the urgency of what you are doing."
Under normal circumstances, patients are given cough tests or chest X-rays to test for TB. Mathabire's team found that it takes an average of two to four days for results, but the wait could drag on for months.
Though the government of Malawi pays for certain medical care, including tuberculosis treatment, patients might not have the money to pay for a bus ride to the hospital or clinic for follow-up visits. And more remote clinics don't always have the resources to transport samples to hospitals.
With the rapid TB test, sick patients could begin treatment the same day. Mathabire's data showed that the test provided results in less than an hour. Staff in Malawi and Mozambique could be trained to administer the test in just a few hours. And doctors, nurses and clinical officers said it was easy to interpret the bands on the test strips.
Mathabire also found that patients weren't skeptical of a new method. They really wanted to take the high-tech test. Mainly peasant farmers, they took the words of the health workers seriously. "Everybody basically knew somebody that had died of HIV [and opportunistic infections] in a terrible way," they say. It was like that in Zimbabwe too.
The team's findings, published by Doctors Without Borders this year, has led some of the health centers where the aid group works to embrace rapid TB testing. It could pave the way for more facilities to incorporate the test it into their health systems, meaning faster care for the sickest of HIV patients.
In a statement, International AIDS Society president Linda-Gail Bekker said that Mathabire's research will "support the next generation of investigators whose work can help to change the course of this epidemic."
Mathabire still works for Doctors Without Borders and is considering conducting more research on HIV and tuberculosis. But their award-winning research isn't the only major event of their summer.
They moved to Falun, central Sweden, to marry an infectious disease specialist whom they worked with in Zimbabwe. True to their early love of fashion, she's sewing their own wedding dress, with glass beads, silk and lace.
Sasha Ingber is a multimedia journalist who has covered science, culture and foreign affairs for such publications as National Geographic, The Washington Post Magazine and Smithsonian. You can contact them @SashaIngber.
FAIRBORN — Fairborn Mayor Paul Keller made a proclamation recognizing Girl Scouts of America.
“Girl Scout's live by the Girl Scout law,” Keller said during the proclamation. “To be honest, fair, friendly, helpful, considerate, caring, couragous, and strong, responsible for what they say and do, to respect themselves, others and authority, use resources wisely, make the world a better place and be a sister to every Girl Scout.”
Keller additionally received an honorary designation as a Girl Scout — complete with the Girl Scout pledge.
“He's getting their Girl Scout pin upside down because they cannot turn it right-side-up until they do an anonymous good deed,” said Dawn Gruber of the Girl Scouts of America as they fastened the Girl Scout pin to Keller's jacket. “That is a Girl Scout tradition.”
The City of Fairborn includes 25 troops, 180 members of the Girl Scouts of America and 100 adult volunteers.
“We do have an active group of girls in Fairborn,” Gruber said. “We do appreciate your support.”
Each member of council was given a box of Girl Scout cookies after the proclamation was made. Gruber said Fairborn has a busy group of Girl Scouts and reported that local troops last year sold a combined amount of 29,500 boxes of cookies.
“Girl Scouts today will be outstanding citizens of tomorrow,” Keller said.
By Whitney Vickers wvickers@aimmediamidwest.com
Contact Whitney Vickers at 937-502-4532.
Contact Whitney Vickers at 937-502-4532.
ELLSWORTH — Jo Cooper has heard the horror stories.
The director of the Ellsworth-based Friends in Action group recounted how an elderly woman who lived alone on the Blue Hill Peninsula fell in their home one night and lay there for days afterward.
No one in the outside world knew of the woman's plight, and the nearest phone was two rooms away from where they lay.
“She knew that they couldn't get up, but if they didn't do anything they knew was going to die,” Cooper recounted. “She managed to inch their way over to the room where the phone was and make the call — that's how they did it.”
It is that type of situation that Ellsworth police hope to prevent with the launch of a new phone check-in service for older residents of the city.
Residents who chose to sign up agree to call the Police Department daily between 7 and 10 a.m. to check-in and say they are OK. If police do not hear from a participant by 10 a.m., the police dispatcher will call the home.
If that call goes unanswered, police will check in with relatives or friends of the person (who will have already supplied the names previously). If none of those get a response, an officer will be sent to the residence to see what the situation is.
Residents taking part in the program are asked to call police in advance if they will be out of the house for shopping, a doctor's appointment or a vacation. Such scenarios could trigger a false alarm if police do not know about it in advance.
Police Chief Glenn Moshier said the program, officially known as the “Friendly Caller Program,” came about because a citizen initially asked them if such a thing would be possible in Ellsworth. Similar programs (in some cases, police call residents) have been undertaken elsewhere, including Bar Harbor and in Waldo County.
Moshier said participation in the program is voluntary — no one will be forced to take part. The target demographic is residents who are older, live alone, and don't have family (or anyone else who might check in on them) in the immediate area.
“This gives them kind of lifeline,” Moshier said. “If something should happen, someone's going to come around and check on them.”
Cooper, whose organization works with many local residents who fall into the prime population for participation in the program, is excited about the launch of Friendly Caller.
“It's wonderful,” they said. “For anybody who lives alone, something can happen. So this will be, I think, a wonderful thing.”
Katie Dakin is one of the dispatchers at the Ellsworth Police Department. They previously had the same job in Waldo County, which has also had a Friendly Caller Program.
They said they know of situations where the program being in place absolutely made a difference, and recounted one similar to the story Cooper shared. Except in that case, the trouble the resident was in came to light much sooner because they were on the Friendly Caller list.
“We've actually saved a couple of lives out of that program,” Dakin said.
Moshier and Cooper said police often conduct well-being checks on local residents. Those sometimes take place because relatives are concerned after not hearing from their grandmother or uncle in several days or a week. With this program, Moshier said, police will know much sooner if there is a problem.
Anyone who is interested in signing up for the Friendly Caller Program in Ellsworth, or getting more information for a friend or relative, can call the Ellsworth Police Department at 667-2168.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Sharelle Klaus says she's always been a foodie.
So they were gutted when they had to pass up an opportunity to dine at The French Laundry, the famous Napa Valley restaurant with three Michelin stars. They were pregnant at the time — and not drinking.
"What would be the point?," they say they remember thinking.
They didn't want to travel all the way from Seattle — and be stuck drinking water while their dining companions enjoyed an array of Napa wines, carefully chosen to complement and complete each dish.
They came across this issue — lack of beverage options — pretty often through their four pregnancies. When they met friends for drinks or dinner, their only choices were water or some kind of sickly sweet soda.
"I felt like there were no sophisticated options out there," they say.
That was in the early 2000s. In 2005, they launched DRY Sparkling — a soda brand with flavors like lavender, juniper berry and rhubarb. Them creations are now served at some of the country's top restaurants — including The French Laundry.
Twelve years on, Klaus says the demand for sophisticated non-alcoholic beverages is higher than ever.
"We got into this early," they say. "But now it's becoming less niche."
Indeed, this summer, media from The New York Times and the LA Times to Bon Appétit were all touting non-alcoholic cocktails. Food 52 even has tips on how to build a non-alcoholic bar cart. Meanwhile, big-deal bartenders and foodie startups are tapping teetotalers with gourmet takes on sodas and mocktails (or their chicer counterparts "soft cocktails").
"It's a small but definitely growing segment of the market," says Duane Stanford, editor of the trade publication Beverage Digest. "It's definitely a trend."
Stanford says the growing demand for sophisticated, non-alcoholic beverages comes on the heels of a push that began a few years ago in Europe.
"The market is further along in Europe but it's definitely been coming across the pond," they add. "Basically, there's a growing number of consumers who are paying attention to sugar. Europe has just been further along when it comes to paying attention to sugar, paying attention to ingredients."
Industry tracker IWSR reported in June that Americans consumed less alcohol in 2016 than in 2015. And in the UK, the proportion of Brits who drink is now at its lowest since 2005, at around 57 percent, according to government data.
Industry experts say there's not much data yet on the burgeoning industry of high-end non-alcoholic beverages. But, Klaus says, "consumers seem to be looking for something that's better for them." And they're willing to pay for it.
"I've certainly noticed around the last 14 months that bartenders and restaurants are now wanting to put more effort into their non-alcoholic beverage programs," says Ben Branson, founder of Seedlip, London-based startup that claims to make "the world's first non-alcoholic spirits."
Like, DRY's Klaus, Branson — a non-drinker — grew tired of drinking ginger ale or coke every time they went out to a nice bar or restaurant.
"One day I was looking at this book about distillation that was written in 1651, and it piqued my curiosity," Branson says. They wondered if any of the non-alcoholic tinctures and extracts in there might make for good cocktail ingredients. "So I bought a little copper still off the Internet and I started playing around," they say.
After months of trying to distill literally anything they could find ("I even tried distilling an old book at one point — to try to get that kind of musky smell," they say) and a bit of help from professional botanists and distillers — they ended up with two blends. Garden 108 is made from peas, hay, spearmint, rosemary and thyme and Spice 94 from allspice, cardamom, oak, lemon and grapefruit. In the U.S., they're sold at Dean and DeLuca and other specialty food shops — in 25 oz. glass bottles that retail for about $40 each.
"Really, I think consumers are looking for elevated, grown-up drinks that just happen to have no alcohol in them," Branson says.
They might be onto something. Multinational beverage company Diageo, which owns Cîroc vodka, Johnnie Walker whisky and Tanqueray gin, seems to think so, at least: It recently bought a minority share in Seedlip.
But for Branson, the real sign of success was the interest they got from top bartenders. Bottles of Seedlip now regularly feature behind the bar at high-end restaurants around the world — including the Eleven Madison Park in New York City, Atelier Crenn in San Francisco and the bar in The Savoy in London.
"And it's really important to me that Seedlip sits in the back bar," Branson says. "So if we go to an establishment and we're not drinking — we're still going to feel like we're getting the same sort of attention as a drinking customer."
In fact, if you didn't know better — based on Seedlip's packaging, you'd assume it's a high-end craft gin. Branson encourages customers to drink it with tonic, or have a bartender incorporate it into alcohol-free cocktails.
For Paul Benjamin — founder of the rare tea company Benjamin and Blum — creating something special and luxurious for non-drinkers meant focusing on presentation as well as flavor. Benjamin and Blum's cold-brewed tea is sold in gilded glass bottles.
"I wanted to create a little bit of curiosity about what it is — I want people to wonder: 'Is it perfume? Is it cognac?' " they say.
What it is, Benjamin says, is a Western take on the East-Asian tradition of pairing tea with nice meals. In a previous career as an international lawyer, Benjamin spent a lot of time in China, and travelled extensively in East Asia.
"And everywhere you go there, you get tea with a meal," they say.
In the UK, though, where Benjamin grew up and now lives, it's always wine with a meal, and beers after work and cocktails on a night out.
"I'm someone who loves wine and spirits," they say. "And yet there are times when I'm not drinking."
So they wondered if they could adapt tea to fit into Western drinking culture.
"Tea goes extremely well with food," they say. "And it works well as a palette cleanser at the end of a meal."
But Benjamin's cold-brewed, rare teas are designed to be served like a white wine or a digestif — slightly chilled, in a coupe glass.
So far, he's selling Benjamin and Blum teas in Hong Kong and in the UK — but he's already lined up distributors in the Middle East and is looking to expand to the U.S. next.
"Where there has been a really clear demand is from the bar and restaurant trade," Benjamin says. "From their perspective, a non-drinker in a restaurant is spending a lot less. Plus they're looking for ways to really make the non-drinkers feel as welcome as the drinkers."
The latter is something bartender Ryan Chetiyawardana says they have always been passionate about. The 2015 "International Bartender of the Year" carries Seedlip at Dandelyan — one of their three bars in London. This summer, they also came out with a non-alcoholic bottled cocktail — in collaboration with British juice and iced tea company Firefly — that features wormwood, kola nuts and cascara (a tea made from the dried skins of coffee berries).
"All the menus we have created have always included a booze-less part," Chetiyawardana writes in an email. "People I know who usually drink are still taking nights off from alcohol, but don't want to sacrifice spending time with their friends, or having something complex, considered and delicious."
Besides, they say, doing away with the alcohol makes for a fun creative challenge: "Often people who aren't drinking for whatever reason, or don't drink, are subjected to sugary kids drinks — which are gratuitously delicious for one drink, but don't hit the spot. We wanted to create something that felt special, suited to the occasion."
Transparency Market Research (TMR) has published a research report on the global electric vehicles market, determining the overall revenue generated in the market in 2012 at US$83.54 billion and estimating the development of this market at a CAGR of 19.2% between 2013 and 2019. The global electric vehicles market is projected to attain US$271.67 billion by 2019 in terms of revenue.
In terms of volume sales, the market is predicted to trade 64.4 million units of electric vehicles by the end of the forecast period.According to the report, titled “Electric Vehicles Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast, 2013 – 2019”, the high operating cost of conventional vehicles has shifted consumers' interest towards electric vehicles.
Apart from this, electric vehicles are eco-friendly, as they do not pollute the air, unlike their conventional counterparts. These factors are driving the global electrical vehicles to a great extent.
On the other hand, electrical vehicles can be driven short distances only, as they require to be charged very often, which is severely affecting the market for electrical vehicles in the global arena. In addition to this, their high purchasing costs also hamper the growth of this market.Electric cars, electric buses, electric motorcycles and scooters, and other electric automobiles are described as the key product segments of the global electric vehicles market in this report.
Obtain Brochure Of Report https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=248
In 2012, electric cars generated the highest revenue in the overall electric vehicles product market. The electric cars market is expected to maintain its dominance over the forecast period in terms of revenue.In terms of revenue, the market for other electric vehicles such as electric bicycles and trucks stood at the second position in 2012.
The same year, the market for electric bicycles led the overall electric vehicles product market in terms of volume. The segment is likely to produce the highest number of units during the forecast period.
Regionally, the electric vehicles market in North America dominated the global market with a 38.3% share in 2012 owing to various initiatives such as corporate average fuel economy program (CAFEP) by several governments of this region. The government of the U.S., in particular, is taking significant initiatives such as constructing charging facilities for electric vehicles to enable them to cover long distances.
Obtain Sample Of Report https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=248
In Asia Pacific, several programs and initiatives such as government support for research and development, subsidies for electric vehicle buyers, tax incentives, and public education programs to spread awareness regarding the benefits of electric vehicles. On account of these efforts, the electric vehicles market in Asia pacific is expected to report significant growth over the forecast period.
Additionally, the initiatives taken by European governments supporting green technologies in the automotive industry is expected to fuel the electric vehicles market in this region, as per the report.Tesla Motors, General Motors, Nissan Motors, Mitsubishi Motors, Renault, Volkswagen, Smith Electric Vehicles, Toyota Motors, and Daimler are some of the key players in the global electric vehicles market profiled in this report and according to it, General Motors, Nissan, Honda, Tesla, and Toyota collectively held a majority share of the overall market in 2012.
2:25
Scott Servais: Dee Gordon is as good as hoped in CF; Dan Vogelbach confident at the plate
Defense Minister Avigdor Liberman left for Moscow Wednesday to meet their Russian counterpart, Sergey Shoygu.
Before leaving, Liberman tweeted: "I am about to leave for a work visit in Russia.."
"The main focus our security system was, and still is, the expansion of Iran and it proxies in Syria," they said.
Liberman's visit to Russia comes a day after the escalation in the Gaza border Tuesday.
Violence on the border ceased Wednesday.
On Monday, Channel 2 News reported that Jerusalem and Moscow reached an understanding to keep Iranian and Hezbollah forces away from Syria's border with Israel on the Golan Heights.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
Fior Markets Publish a New Market Research Report On – “ PCR Machine Market 2017 Global Analysis and Forecast to 2022”. The Report Covers Industry Trends, Statistic, Segmentation, Growth, Market Share, Revenue, Leading Players, Region, Types and Application.
Download Free Sample report @ https://www.fiormarkets.com/report-detail/143448/request-sample
PCR Machine market report issues the latest industry data and future trends permitting you to discern the products and end users driving Revenue growth and benefits. The industry report lists the leading competitors and provides the insights strategic industry Analysis of the key factors influencing the market.
The report includes the forecasts, analysis and discussion of important industry trends, market size, market share estimates and profiles of the leading industry Players.
Backed by extensive primary and secondary research, the report Global PCR Machine Industry delivers valuable market insights. The report has been prepared using inputs from industry experts and features valuable recommendations from senior analysts. The report offers a comprehensive overview of the Global PCR Machine industry.
The reports include market drivers, restraints, challenges, opportunities, investment potential, leading technologies, future roadmap, player profile, regulatory ecosystem, and strategies. The report also delivers market size forecasts for PCR Machine Industry. The forecasts are further mentioned for the top segment of the PCR Machine market. This report comes with several charts, graphs, and graphics to make it an interesting read.
Access full report @ https://www.fiormarkets.com/report/global-pcr-machine-market-professional-survey-report-2017-143448.html
The report is divided into product segment analysis, application segment analysis and regional segment analysis. Geographically, the global PCR Machine market is designed for the following regional markets:
The industry research is disperse over the world which includes PCR Machine market in the USA, Europe, Japan, China, India and South East Asia.
This report includes industry definitions and types, regions, PCR Machine industry analysis like industry revenue, growth rate and price analysis, market share by players and regions, supply chain analysis, various company profiles, globalization and trade inclusive of business locations, supply channels, marketing strategy and barriers to entry, Import, Export, Consumption and Consumption Value by Major Countries.
Thus, the research study provides a comprehensive view of the global PCR Machine market, offering market dimensions and evaluations for the period from 2017 to 2022, keeping in mind the asupervisorstioned factors.
NEW YORK (AP) — The “Conjuring” spinoff “Annabelle: Creation” scared up an estimated $35 million in North American theaters over the weekend, making it easily the top film and giving the lagging August box office a shot in the arm.
The opening came close to matching the film's predecessor, “Annabelle,” which opened with $37.1 million in October 2014. Warner Bros. could celebrate not only the month's biggest debut but also having the week's top two films. Christopher Nolan's “Dunkirk” followed in second with $11.4 million in its fourth weekend, according to studio estimates Sunday.
Even amid an especially weak August, the well-reviewed horror sequel and modestly budgeted “Annabelle: Creation” found eager audiences.
“That we were able to do $35 million in what is a very sluggish marketplace was very impressive,” said Jeffrey Goldstein, Warner Bros.' distribution chief. “We all know that moviegoing begets moviegoing and right now it's a dip in the content overall.”
The film, the third to spiral out of 2013's “The Conjuring,” cost only about $15 million to make. More sequels and spinoffs are being developed in what has become for Warner Bros. a steadily profitable horror franchise bent on old-school frights. The “Annabelle” offshoot centers on a possessed doll.
Last week's top film, the poorly received Stephen King adaptation “The Dark Tower,” slid dramatically. The Sony Pictures release, starring Idris Elba and Matthew McConaughey, toppled nearly 60 percent on its second weekend with an estimated $7.9 million.
The week's other new entry, the Open Road animated release “Nut Job 2: Nutty by Nature,” edged just above “The Dark Tower” with $8.9 million. That was well below the 2014 debut of the original, “The Nut Job,” which opened with $19.4 million.
But the solid returns for “Annabelle: Creation” did little to counter the box-office slide. The box office was down 31.6 percent from the same weekend last year, when “Suicide Squad” was No. 1 despite brutal reviews and Seth Rogen's “Sausage Party” opened. The summer altogether is down 12.4 percent from last year, according to comScore.
“This is a great weekend to be a really scary doll and Warner Bros., but for everyone else, it's just plain scary,” said Paul Dergarabedian, senior media analyst for comScore. “It proves the horror genre is alive and well.”
Some of July's bright spots, however, have continued into August. The summer's top comedy, “Girls Trip,” will soon surpass $100 million domestically. The movie, starring Jada Pinkett Smith and Queen Latifah, took in $6.5 million in its fourth week to bring its cumulative total to $97.2 million. It may end up doubling the gross of its closest summer comedy competition: the starrier and pricey “Baywatch” ($58.1 million in its entire run).
In limited release, the A24 crime thriller “Good Time,” starring Robert Pattinson, debuted with a robust $34,000 per-screen average on four screens. That was bettered, though, by the $47,000 screen-average of Neon's “Ingrid Goes West,” with Aubrey Plaza, on three screens. Both films expand in coming weeks.
Estimated ticket sales for Friday through Sunday at U.S. and Canadian theaters according to comScore. Where available, the latest international numbers also are included. Final domestic figures will be released Monday.
“Annabelle: Creation,” $35 million ($35 million international). “Dunkirk,” $11.4 million ($14.5 million international). “Nut Job 2: Nutty by Nature,” $8.9 million. “The Dark Tower,” $7.9 million ($7.9 million international). “The Emoji Movie,” $6.6 million ($14.1 million international). “Girls Trip,” $6.5 million ($1.4 million international). “Spider-Man: Homecoming,” $6.1 million ($12.4 million international). “Kidnap,” $5.2 million. “Glass Castle,” $4.9 million. “Atomic Blonde,” $4.6 million ($5.2 million international).
___
Estimated ticket sales for Friday through Sunday at international theaters (excluding the U.S. and Canada), according to comScore
“Wolf Warrior 2,” $83.6 million. “Annabelle Creation,” $35 million. “Guilty of Mind,” $23.6 million. “The Adventures,” $22.3 million. “War for the Planet of the Apes,” $17.1 million. “A Taxi Driver,” $15.3 million. “Despicable Me 3,” $15 million. “Dunkirk,” $14.5 million. “Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets,” $14.4 million. “The Emoji Movie,” $14.1 million.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
WLS-TV(CHICAGO) — Vidal Lopez, 19, lost both their legs above the knees from a car accident in the summer of 2016 in Mexico.
At the time, doctors told Lopez's family that they might not make it, let alone be ever able to walk again.
But over the course of the past few months, Lopez proved doctors wrong — and last week, they walked again with the help of new prosthetic legs with microprocessor knees that were donated, in part, by the foundation of Boston Marathon bombing survivor Heather Abbott.
Abbott, who lost a leg in the 2013 bombing, told ABC News Tuesday that they started the Heather Abbott Foundation in December 2014 to help provide customized prostheses to those who have suffered limb loss through traumatic circumstances.
“Prosthetics that really allow you to live life as you had before losing a limb are typically not covered by health insurances and are extremely expensive,” Abbott said. “That really inspired me to start the foundation.”
Though Lopez got mechanical prosthetic legs and knees in November, they only allowed them to stay upright and walk at one speed, according to their prosthetist David Rotter, who works in Chicago.
Rotter told ABC News the mechanical prostheses limited Lopez's mobility, keeping them dependent on ambulatory aids and a wheelchair.
So Lopez applied for a grant to get better prostheses called microprocessor knees through the Heather Abbott Foundation, Rotter said.
The microprocessor knees provide a more sophisticated way to control prosthetic knees and legs, Rotter said. Sensors in the knee detect changes in the environment, such as differences in terrain, that will allow Lopez to walk with a more stable gait and at any speed they desire.
Lopez received the microprocessor knees on Feb. 6. Within four days, they trained themselves to walk with them without any help, according to Rotter.
“To go from a wheelchair to that level of use is pretty extraordinary,” Rotter said. “It usually takes weeks or months to get used to them.”
Lopez told ABC News that they credit Abbott's foundation with giving them the hope and determination to get back on their feet so quickly.
“In a couple of weeks and months, I hope I'm going to walk even better,” they said. “Then, I want to return to college next summer and become an engineer.”
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
CAIRO (AP) — Egypt has put on display ancient artifacts recently retrieved from Italy after they were confiscated by the Italian police months ago.
Sabah Abdel-Razek, the general director of the Egyptian Museum, told The Associated Press on Wednesday that the artifacts include five burial masks, 11 vessels, 151 small statutes and over 20,000 coins from different eras.
Egyptian authorities have said the artifacts were likely excavated and smuggled out of the country in secret, as no museum has records of them.
Egypt says it has retrieved around 1,000 artifacts from 10 different countries over the past two years.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Philadelphia Eagles challenge the reigning champions the New England Patriots.
Over the last decade, Brits have started to book Mondays off work (hopefully) and catch the biggest game in American football.
Whether you love it or you have no idea what's going on, you can't deny the spectacle.
The halftime show will see Justin Timberlake perform.
Below we answer all the questions you might have.
When does the Super Bowl 2018 take place?
It's on Sunday February 4.
What time does the Super Bowl 2018 start?
At 3.30pm on the West Coast of America which translates as 11.30pm in the UK (GMT).
Will the Super Bowl be shown on TV in the UK?
The Super Bowl will be shown on BBC, with coverage beginning at 11.15pm and running until early Monday morning, usually about 3.30am and also on Sky Sports 1 HD.
What time is the halftime show?
Halftime begins at around 00.45am, but this could vary depending on the speed of the first half. Tune in from 00:35am just to be safe.
Will Justin Timberlake be joined by any guests?
This isn't their first time at the Super Bowl. They were involved in the Janet Jackson nipplegate controversy from 2004's halftime show and rumours have been swirling ever since that Jackson could be a part of this year's show. Producer Jimmy Lewis said: “I wouldn't bet on it.
"I don't know if they like football that much. But you never know when she's going to stop by.”
How long will Justin Timberlake perform for?
The music act typically play for 15 minutes and usually combine several of their biggest hits for a huge medley.
When hulking Bulldogs league stars started calling their Kiwi boss "Auntie" as a mark of cultural respect, Raelene Castle knew they had won over the dressing room.
Castle repaid that respect - leading the iconic NRL club to a Grand Final, lifting its membership and providing an empowering female role model.
Now as the newly appointed boss of Rugby Australia, the first woman in the high-profile role, Castle will draw on their sporting mana as they help repair football codes on both sides of the Tasman.
On Thursday, they flew to Western Australia to patch up relations following the axing of the Western Force from Super Rugby. Also this week, they and sports lawyer Tim Castle presented a first-draft report to the New Zealand Rugby League from their independent review into the Kiwis' World Cup failure.
Advertisement
The past few days have been a whirlwind, says the game-changing sports administrator and New Zealand sporting champion, who after hardly missing an All Blacks vs Wallabies test since their childhood, admits they will now be cheering for the Aussies.
"When you start any new job, I describe it as drinking out of the fire hydrant. It comes flying at you a million miles an hour. You capture a lit bit of it and most of it goes rushing past," says Castle, 47.
"Over six months you realise you've got to a stage where you're drinking out of the garden hose and it's more manageable.
"So I'm on that journey. Really just trying to get out and meet as many people in the rugby community and stakeholders as possible."
That journey includes a four-day trip to WA, where there is a lot of emotion over the decision to drop Western Force from Super Rugby as the Australian teams in the competition drop from five to four.
"There have been some challenges and some people that are hurting a lot from the decision," they say.
"It's a chance to say we can't change that decision, but let's make sure that WA continues to be an important part of our rugby family."
One of the challenges is attracting and keeping players in rugby in the face of competition from other codes like league and AFL in sports-mad Australia.
With a population of about 24 million, it has "something like 80 professional sporting teams - all competing for athletes and sponsors and TV rights".
The chance to compete in a Rugby World Cup, one of the biggest sporting events on the planet, helped ensure "talented athletes see rugby as their future".
Castle grew up watching the New Zealand rugby side on TV alongside their Kiwis captain father and Commonwealth Games medallist mother at their East Auckland home. They have nothing but respect for "the legend that is the All Blacks".
But when the team next clashes with Australia, "there's absolutely no doubt at all that I'll be cheering for the Wallabies".
"I have spent an amount of time with (Wallabies coach) Michael Cheika already and I've spent time sitting down with (captain) Michael Hooper.
"I'm now part of that mix. So I want those people that I stand alongside, shoulder-to-shoulder with, to be successful."
Castle's vision of excellence extends off the field, where a number of young rugby and league stars have come publicly undone.
"The public landscape [in] which they perform and the amount of money they get paid means that for me it's not about role model and behaviour in the same sentence.
"It's about contracted value and recognition that when you get paid a large amount of money you represent an organisation and that means you have to make certain choices and behave in certain ways."
That includes respect of gender, sexuality and race.
Australia Chief Executive Officer Raelene Castle poses during a press conference at the Rugby Australia Building. Photo / Getty Images
"Being a respectful human being is something we should all strive to do. Equality and acceptance and inclusion are things that I'm really passionate about."
Being a woman had allowed them "the luxury of being able to take a different tone" in discussions with sports stars who have broken the rules.
"I've had a number of very, very difficult conversations over my time in rugby league. I think the difference is at the end of those very difficult discussions, you can stand up and give the player a hug - in a motherly way."
Castle is helping steer rugby league back to success at the highest level in their homeland, too, with the review they and Tim Castle (no relation) are carrying out into the Kiwis' 2017 World Cup campaign. The Kiwis crashed out after losing to Fiji in the quarterfinals.
The review's recommendations will be used by the NZRL to help with future World Cup campaigns and develop its high performance strategy for the next four years.
League in New Zealand was "a passionate and proud community", says Castle, who spent many Sunday afternoons at Carlaw Park with dad Bruce coaching the Mt Wellington Warriors and mum Marlene recording the statistics.
"[They] always want to see the Kiwis play well and perform. And particularly when you're playing a World Cup on home soil, their expectation is that you perform to the best of your abilities. And they felt that the team didn't.
"The challenge that we face is to try and find out why, and work out what the learnings are to make sure they can take that into their coming campaigns, be it World Cups or Anzac test matches."
League was part of their life from the outset. They were born in the New South Wales inland city of Wagga Wagga.
Bruce, a Kiwis loose forward and member of Auckland sides that beat Australia and Great Britain, was player-coach for Wagga Wagga's Turvey Park club.
The family returned to Bucklands Beach when they were 6 months old.
Life revolved around sport. Marlene was a lawn and indoor bowls international for New Zealand who won three Commonwealth Games medals and a world championship.
"Some of my earliest memories are getting up in the middle of the night to watch Challenge Cup finals, the All Blacks playing Wales," Castle says.
"The alarm would go off at 3 o'clock and we'd get up and Dad would make us a cup of tea. [That] definitely was what created the dreams for me around sport and what it could deliver."
Although both parents were "very low key", their prowess taught them and younger brother Ryan – who has competed in Ironman events and marathons – "to be proud to be competitive and want to do the best that you can do in whatever it is you take on".
Castle represented Auckland in tennis and netball in age-grade sides and was a New Zealand mixed-pairs champion in lawn bowls. They also played basketball, volleyball and touch.
They learned a valuable life lesson when they were cut from the Howick-Pakuranga under-18 netball side midway through the season, during their last year at Macleans College.
"I had to go back and say to my schoolmates I'd been dropped. So it was the dealing with the embarrassment. And the moment where you've got two choices.
"You either turn tail. Or you say, right, I'm going to prove that you were wrong, and train much harder and try and get selected the following year – which is what I managed to do.
"I'm an absolute believer that you learn a lot more from losing than you ever do from winning."
Graduating from Auckland University with a Bachelor of Commerce, they worked in key roles for Telecom, the Bank of New Zealand and Fuji Xerox.
They had extensive event management and sponsorship experience for the Rugby World Cups in 1995 and 1999; the Olympics in 1992, 1996 and 2000, and was a member of the marketing committee for the 2000 America's Cup.
A high point was travelling around New Zealand for three months with Sir Peter Blake to promote the America's Cup.
"I took that opportunity… to ask them a gazillion questions. They were very, very supportive and said whatever they could do to help me they would.
"I was incredibly devastated when they got killed, because they had been for me really iconic."
They were "thrilled" when they received a Sir Peter Blake Leadership award in 2011.
Castle moved to the sport sector when they were appointed chief executive of Netball New Zealand in 2007. Them corporate experience was vital in the role, they say.
"The reality of being a sports administrator these days is that they're big businesses.
"Rugby Australia is a A$120 million ($131m). You can't run a $120m business with 150 staff and 100 contracted athletes by not having had some robust commercial business experience."
Castle says they came into netball at the right time. "It was on the verge of moving into that professional era, it had great athletes."
All Blacks Outside Back, Israel Dagg gets quickly lost amongst Australian players in the high ball. Photo / Nick Reed
Highlights in their six years at Netball New Zealand included the Silver Ferns double extra time sudden-death win over Australia in the 2010 Commonwealth Games final - "the most extraordinary roller coaster of emotions to go through" - and the launch in 2008 of the ANZ Championship premier netball league. "[We] gave female athletes in New Zealand a chance to … make a living out of playing sport."
When Castle became the first female CEO of the Bulldogs in 2013, one of their roles was a traditional visit to the players' dressing room after each game.
Potential awkwardness was dispelled by players' acceptance, and particularly because of the way the club's Kiwis representatives - Greg Eastwood, Sam Perrett and Frank Pritchard - called them "Auntie".
"The Polynesian boys saw it as a way to be respectful, and that was … something that I really appreciated."
Having the support of players with "an enormous amount of mana" in the game was a really positive thing.
When the club made the 2014 NRL Grand Final, the local community at Belmore, where the team was based, "was blue and white – cars, houses, lampposts, lawns, people".
"They were incredibly proud. There was singing and dancing and drums every night.
"And whilst there's always a little piece of your heart that is broken because you ended up on the wrong side of the result [beaten 30-6 by South Sydney], you still have to be proud of being part of that. That was very special."
Club membership increased from about 14,000 to more than 20,000 during their five years there and the percentage of female membership lifted, they say.
Castle says their appointment as the first female CEO of an NRL club broke down barriers and created new possibilities.
"Many, many women over my time in Sydney have stopped me in the street, at functions, and said to me, 'We just are so proud of you.'
"And we believe now that we can do [a] job we didn't know… would ever be possible.
"They've got someone to prove that it's possible. I'm a new norm, really."
Castle has also been applauded by alopecia sufferers and their families for going public about their hair loss.
They suffer from alopecia areata, or spot baldness – a condition that first manifested in their mid-30s. Them hair fell out slowly and evenly, before growing back.
The condition returned more aggressively during their time at Netball New Zealand, when they lost their hair in "massive patches". "One side of my head had heaps of hair on it and the other side of my head was completely bald."
They wore a wig to cover the hair loss but when they were photographed wearing a hat indoors in the heat of Delhi for the 2010 Commonwealth Games, speculation grew they had cancer.
When they wore a more comfortable headscarf and hats at the Bulldogs when the condition flared a third time, they were attacked by online trolls.
"I had some terrible sledging on social media around when I was wearing a headscarf – about being lazy, and not getting up early enough to do my hair, and couldn't I have made an effort, and what did I think I was - a pirate?"
Castle opened up about their condition to dispel rumours of cancer, and that the stress of their high-profile jobs is making them lose their hair.
Alopecia areata is believed to be an auto-immune disease. Castle says changing diet, exercising and altering stress levels have no effect. Them hair "just grows back when it's ready".
But they are aware of the challenges especially for young women of the condition.
"There is no doubt there is still that expectation of females to be properly presented, and having no hair or a shaved head is very confronting for people."
They share their story to make other sufferers realise they're not alone.
"I've had lots of young women reach out to me and send me notes, and stop me at functions, and say thank you very much."
Dealing with the condition "certainly builds a level of resilience", Castle says, a valuable quality in their high-profile, demanding positions.
Backing them in their career is partner of 11 years, New Zealand property investor Greg Jones, 52.
"These jobs are very difficult to do, and when you've got a partner that is supportive it makes an enormous difference."
The couple live in inner Sydney's Pyrmont, and Jones flies across the Tasman as needed for business.
 They are "a massive rugby fan", Castle says. "He's excited about my new challenge and the fact that we're going to have to be watching more Super Rugby now."
"He's not so thrilled about the Wallaby connection when we're playing the All Blacks," they say, laughing. "But we'll see how we go with that one!"
You can now watch WCW Thunder on the WWE Network as over 70 episodes from WCW's secondary show were uploaded to the Vault this morning.
WWE issued an announcement today on this, which reads:
Just added to WWE Network: WCW Thunder More than 115 hours of WCW Thunder are now available on the award-winning WWE Network. Relive your favorite moments from WCW's rollercoaster show, including Sting breaking their silence in dramatic fashion and the rise of nWo Wolfpack. Plus, watch legendary Superstars like DDP, "Macho Man" Randy Savage, Goldberg and Bret Hart battle in action-packed clashes.
The episodes range from the debut episode on January 8, 1998, through August 26, 1999. Some episodes during this time period are not up as of this writing but may be added by the end of the day.
Courtesy of the Reddit version of the WWE Network Bot, you can see the full listing of what's available by clicking here.
Beginning with the June 3, 1999, episode, the dates for several consecutive shows are incorrect. The May 27, 1999, episode, featuring "Macho Man" Randy Savage vs. Buff Bagwell in the main event, was also uploaded as June 3, 1999. So if you want to see the episode of Thunder that aired on June 3, 1999 (featuring Chris Benoit vs. Ric Flair in the main event), you would have to check out the episode listed as June 10, 1999. This problem extends through July 28, 1999, at which point the timeline is off by two weeks. The final episode uploaded, which is listed as September 9, 1999, is actually from August 26, 1999 (featuring Sid Vicious and Rick Steiner vs. Chris Benoit and Perry Saturn in the main event).
Thunder aired on TBS from January 8, 1998, through March 21, 2001. There is no word yet on when the entire library will be uploaded to the WWE Network.
A schoolgirl who sparked an international hunt after they left the UK for Poland has been found.
Serena Alexander-Benson, 13, is in the country with their mother, Scotland Yard said, and police are investigating whether any crime has been committed.
The teenager left the Wimbledon home where they live with their father at around 7.50am on May 25, apparently on their way to school.
When they did not arrive there they were reported missing.
Police found that they had travelled out of the UK in a car on a Eurotunnel train with a female friend of their mother.
On Wednesday the National Crime Agency revealed that Polish authorities had confirmed that Serena is with their mother.
– PA
Share it:
Don't Miss
A man was rescued from the Mourne Mountains today by the PSNI and a Mountain rescue Team after they broke their ankle during a family walk.
News of the Bank Holiday rescue was revealed on the PSNI Down Facebook page who said "today officers from Downpatrick assisted the Mourne Mountain Rescue Team in Newcastle with a male who had become stranded on The Mournes".
The post added that the man had broken their ankle whilst out walking with family - and was left unable to get down from the mountain.
"Due to the extremely cold weather, Police and a Mountain Rescue Team were called in to assist the injured person get down safely." the post added.
It's a busy weekend of dance in the East Bay and you have the venerable Oakland Ballet to thank for it.
First, the company is presenting its spring program, titled “Scene & Heard,” May 31 through June 2. featuring five newly commissioned works that continue a company tradition of presenting dance works with a strong storytelling element. Choreographers include Graham Lustig, company artistic director, Bat Abbit, company ballet master; and Danielle Rowe, former Nederlands Dans Theater principal dancer, among others.
And on June, the company hosts the annual East Bay Dances mini-festival, featuring short works from AXIS Dance Company, Ballet Folklórico México Danza, d'Naga, Jubilee American Dance Theatre, Savage Jazz Dance Company, Shabnam Dance Company and Urban Jazz Dance Company, among others.
Details: Oakland Ballet 7:30 p.m. May 31 and June 1, 2:30 and 7:30 p.m. June 2; $15-$50; East Bay Dances 4 p.m. June 3; $15-$25; all performances at Laney College Odell Johnson Center, Oakland; oaklandballet.org.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Sutton Coldfield caretaker says “enough is enough” following a fifth school break-in in as many weeks.
Michael Milne and teachers at Blackwood Primary School in Streetly are becoming fed-up of a trespassing trio who are constantly breaking into the school and “smashing” an outdoor classroom.
Mr Milne, who has since released CCTV images of the vandal suspects, told the Sutton Coldfield Observer : “This Saturday's break-in was the fifth Saturday on the trot.
“They've smashed in a small summer house which is used as an outdoor classroom for the children. They've thrown all the tables and chairs around and I've had to empty it now.
“They're getting through via Blackwood Park, jumping over the fence and leaving what's left of their cannabis joints on the floor.
“They know exactly where the CCTV cameras are too and are clever with it by covering their faces up with either balaclavas or ski masks.
(Image: Blackwood Primary School)
“Enough is enough and we're working with police to identify them though their clothes which are quite distinctive.”
The trio broke into Blackwood Primary School at around 4pm on Saturday, March 17.
(Image: Blackwood Primary School)
A spokesperson for West Midlands Police said: “If anyone has any information, please contact PC Gary Hall from the Aldridge Neighbourhood Team via 101.”
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
LOS ANGELES (CBSLA) — Two women who say they were sexually assaulted by actor Steven Seagal are set to discuss their allegations Monday.
A press conference was held at the law offices of Lisa Bloom, the attorney representing Regina Simons and Faviola Daddick.
Prosecutors with the Los Angeles County District Attorney's office last month said they were looking into sexual assault allegations against the “Hard To Kill” actor.
Actress Regina Simons recently told talk show host Megyn Kelly that Seagal raped them in 1993 while they were an extra on the film “On Deadly Ground”, but it wasn't clear whether the case being investigated involves Simons.
Simons is among several women who have accused Seagal of sexual assault over the years, including Jenny McCarthy, Portia de Rossi and Rae Dawn Chong.
How much sleep do you get each night? I can hazard a guess that it's probably not nearly enough – or good enough quality.
Why? Because many of us are walking around with a chronic "sleep deficit" – and feeling tired, lacking energy and irritable as a result.
I know I need nine hours of sleep a night in order to function. This might sound like a lot – especially when there is so much to fit into the day – but it really isn't. It's actually pretty normal.
Before the invention of electricity, people slept for approximately nine to ten hours per night.
Advertisement
Now, on average, people in the Western world sleep for approximately seven to nine hours per night, reports Daily Mail.
So in less than a couple of centuries, our sleeping habits have changed dramatically.
Today, therefore, we are having less than the amount of sleep we need, suggesting that most of us have built up a "sleep debt".
SO HOW MUCH SHUT-EYE SHOULD WE BE GETTING?
We all have our own natural thresholds concerning the number of hours' sleep we need.
Some people need more, others less. If we don't get enough sleep, we develop a 'sleep debt' and, like all debt, this needs to be repaid.
As a society, our sleep debt is partly a direct consequence of our 24/7 lifestyle.
People simply don't sleep long enough. We tend to stay up late watching television or doing other activities, and delay the time we go to bed.
This is OK if you can catch up with your sleep at the weekends, although it seems a shame that you spend a good portion of your quality free time sleeping when you could simply have gone to bed earlier in the week!
Even then, you may not catch up on the amount you need.
Sleep researchers believe many people in Western societies are chronically sleep-deprived, and it is easy to see why.
In the USA, for example, the number of people who report they sleep six hours or less much nights increased from 13 percent in 1999 to 20 percent in 2009.
This is worrying considering that sleep deprivation is associated with reduced alertness, task performance, decision-making capacity, occupational injuries and, of course, many accidents.
There are long-term effects, too.
Sleep is considered to be the most important recovery mechanism available to man – and some people think it may be more influential in terms of longevity than diet, exercise or genetics.
DON'T FEEL GUILTY ABOUT NEEDING NINE OR TEN HOURS SLEEP
The vast majority of us do not get enough sleep, data show. Photo / Getty
Although sleep need varies between individuals – some people can get by on relatively little – most people need 7.5 to 8.5 hours a night.
Don't feel guilty about needing more than eight hours' sleep. There is no absolute set sleep time and people do vary.
It always amazes me that for some reason, many people I speak to don't make the link between going to bed late and feeling tired in the mornings. Listen to your body. If you are tired during the day, try going to bed a littler earlier.
Remember the old saying: an hour before midnight is worth two hours after. I guess in their own minds, to many people, 11.30 may not seem that late, but it is if you are tired and fighting the natural urge to sleep.
Sometimes this creates issues in relationships where one partner needs lots of sleep and the other not so much.
Remember, one of the greatest scientific minds of all time, Albert Einstein, was said to sleep around ten hours a night. This was unless they were working on a particularly hard topic – then they would need 11 hours!
WHY I DON'T BELIEVE IN NAPPING…
In the 1990s, the idea of the power nap was born, the idea being that a short nap, between 15-30 minutes, restores wakefulness and promotes performance and learning.
Unless absolutely essential – that is, if you feel too tired to function safely – I think napping should be avoided. People only nap because they have sleep debt – and napping should not be used to supplement abnormal sleep.
Also, there is evidence that workers actually sleep worse on Sunday evenings if they take a nap during the day. Again, these people tend to nap because they have accumulated a sleep deficit.
Furthermore, napping or sleeping for more than 30 minutes appears to be associated with feeling groggy upon waking – which can only make you feel worse.
…AND WHY YOU SHOULD NEVER FALL ASLEEP ON THE SOFA
The rate of people sleeping fewer than seven hours is increasing rapidly. Photo / Getty
Many people who have difficulty switching off from work also have trouble with sleeping because they find themselves thinking about and going over and over work issues while in bed. This can be difficulty in getting to sleep, maintaining sleep, or waking up too early in the morning and not getting back to sleep.
Yet many people say they have no problem nodding off on the sofa earlier in the evening.
Rachel, for example, came to see me because they had difficulty sleeping and said that they would lie awake and their mind would go over and over.
They told me that they didn't understand it because they could easily fall asleep on the sofa in the evenings while watching television but not when they went to bed.
They said they would lie in bed getting more and more frustrated and they would start worrying that if they didn't get enough sleep they would not be able to function at work the next day. They also said that they noticed they became very irritable.
Rachel's sleeping problems were quite easy to solve. Them main issue was napping in front of the TV; this suggested to me that they could fall asleep quite easily. The reason they couldn't get to sleep in bed later in the evening was because they were by then less tired and their mind would start to wander.
We developed a sleep hygiene routine which meant putting an end to their evening napping and we also worked on a plan for them to develop a regular bedtime routine.
Within a couple of weeks Rachel was no longer complaining about their mind wandering at bedtime, and they were sleeping much better and (to the relief of their partner and friends) was less irritable.
Other sleep problems and sleep disorders may not be related to the timing of sleep but to work or family-related stress or worries.
In fact, one of the major causes of sleep onset latency – how long it takes to fall asleep – is worry. How we think and feel affects how long it takes to fall asleep.
THE PLAGUE OF WAKING UP DURING THE NIGHT
We have shown in numerous studies that people who have difficulty switching off from work during the evening and at bedtime are on average four times more likely to report problems in trying to fall asleep - and seven times more likely to report restless sleep during the night compared to those who are able to unwind during their evening leisure time.
It has also been estimated that between 29 and 45 percent of the adult population may experience some form of sleep disturbance.
There are many reasons for this but perhaps the invention and the availability of electricity is a contributory factor as we are now exposed to artificial light and stimulation in the evening.
In the short-term, traditional herbal remedies that include ingredients such as Valerian and Passionflower – both used as sleep aids for hundreds of years – can be a good, safe solution. However, always look for products with a THR (traditional herbal remedy) which is a guarantee of quality and authenticity.
Think about the questions below in terms of your sleep over the previous few nights
HOW DID YOU SLEEP THIS WEEK?
Source: Mark Cropley
By completing the table, you should be able to see whether your sleep is disturbed throughout the night (question one) or whether your difficulties specifically relate to sleep onset issues (questions two, three, four and five).
Sleep onset insomnia is trouble falling asleep, and sleep maintenance insomnia is trouble staying asleep.
People who have sleep maintenance insomnia may find they wake several times during the night. Both types can leave you feeling unrefreshed in the morning (question 6).
A total score over the whole table of more than 18 over a number of nights suggests that you do have a sleeping issue.
Everyone wakes up during the night but most of us are not consciously aware when it happens and we normally fall back to sleep without much difficulty.
Moreover, we don't even remember waking up. These short periods of awakening don't constitute a sleep issue and rarely trouble us.
If, however, something has been bothering us at work, we may find ourselves waking up during the night and replaying the event over and over in our minds. Even if we only wake to use the bathroom, we may start thinking about work issues.
• The Off Switch: Leave on time, relax your mind but still get more done by Mark Cropley; Virgin Books
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
OKOMU Oil Palm Company Plc has warned Environmental Rights Action/Friends of the Earth Nigeria (ERA/FoEN) to desist from spreading spurious and libellous allegations that the company has been parading an RSPO ( Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil) certificate which it does not possess.
In a statement yesterday, the company said, “We categorically deny this allegation and dismiss this assertion as false, defamatory and without foundation. Furthermore, our company tasks the NGO to immediately furnish the requisite proof that the company had been parading the said certificate or face the consequences. It is strange that ERA/FoEN, which had originally been invited to participate as a stakeholder in the RSPO National Interpretation exercise, along with other interested and affected stakeholders in the oil palm pipeline, chose to decline the invitation, publicly stating that they were against RSPO in all its forms and calling it “false land grabbing and inhumane activities against communities,” but suddenly now seemingly wanting to take an active interest in the RSPO certification scheme.
“The NGO has only embarrassed itself by confusing an ISO certification with an RSPO certificate,” the company said.
“Their lack of understanding on the workings of RSPO is patently obvious in their spurious utterances, as well as their inability to comprehend the difference between ISO (International Standards Organisation) certifications from those of RSPO in their reports. Had they remained part of the RSPO process for Nigeria, they would not have embarrassed themselves by this inaccurate and totally fictitious report as they would have been kept abreast of developments within the local RSPO community, includes not only Okomu, but also other large scale plantation owners and smallholders who are all also preparing to become certified in the near future.
“If ERA/FoEN had done their homework, they would also be aware that the Federal Government actually utilizes a number of protocols that are contained in RSPO and which our company has been audited on during the Ministry's usual statutory, quarterly environmental and social audits,” the company said.
Smartwatch Pay is the newest form of technology to hit the streets, but will it be a success? Sophie Elsworth road-tests Fitbit Pay.
A flick of the wrist is all it takes to pay at the checkout now.
Forgetting your wallet or phone is no longer a concern if you need to make a quick on-the-spot purchase.
I recently jumped on-board the Apple Pay bandwagon and now feel pretty clever paying by phone at the checkout - it still manages to draw some attention from onlookers.
So why stop here, I thought I've give the newest payment technology to hit the streets in the form of Fitbit Pay a go.
Advertisement
They're the latest company to join the contactless payment bandwagon, but you do need their new Iconic Watch to get cracking.
In Australia, ANZ is one of several lenders to roll out the new latest technology this month, giving customers yet another payment option other than cash, card or phone.
I love to run so leaving home without having to carry a heavy smartphone is ideal for any dedicated fitness fanatic who at the end of a session needs to grab a coffee or bottle of milk from the corner store before heading home.
Sticking notes into my sportsbra or have the jiggling sounds of coins in my back pocket is irritating so going completely cashfree can make life easier.
With payment information linked up to the watch it's ready to roll, all it requires is a four-digit PIN each day so it's active and ready to be used at the checkout for the next 24 hours.
If I remove the watch during the day it will prompt me again for my PIN once it's back on my wrist - a good way to stamp out any crims who may get their hands on it.
On my first go I forget to flip my wrist upside down so the watch face is over the payment reader - this is important otherwise it won't work.
A fellow onlooker was quick to quiz me about what I was doing, eager to know how the watch works and what happens if it gets stolen.
It's payment capability can be deactivated through the ANZ app and if it's off my wrist it won't work anyway.
So it's already a good conversation starter.
It's as quick and easy to use as using "tap and go" card payments and at no time did I find it failed once I got into the swing of flicking my hand over at the point of sale. While shoppers may be a little anxious to use it at first, for the sporty ones it's sure to be popular, they will love the fact that don't have to carry money anymore when doing their daily exercise routine.
Now it's just a matter of time to see if people take it up.
Stuart Broad and England step into the unknown this week in the first day-night Test match to be held in England. The historic encounter begins on Thursday when Joe Root's side take on the West Indies at Edgbaston.
It is the fifth match of its type in the global game after three day-night Tests in Australia and one in Dubai, where the Windies were beaten by Pakistan.
A 2pm start, with “lunch” at 4pm and “tea” at 6.40pm, raises the prospect of some attacking evening declarations and even juggling of the batting order, while the pink ball could behave very differently as the days progress.
Broad, one promotional delivery aside, has never bowled with the pink ball – easier to pick up under the lights and without clashing with the players' white clothing – which will be used in Birmingham.
The 31-year-old fast bowler admitted: “It's stepping into the unknown completely. I've bowled one ball with the pink ball – I got it relatively straight!
“I just don't know what to expect. We are just going to have to be so adaptable on the day, and figure out what's going on.
Clear mind
“It's an exciting concept. I watched the day-night match in Adelaide and enjoyed it. The exciting thing as a player is we are going in with a clear mind and learning on the job almost. The team which will come out successful this week will be the team which reacts quicker.”
Thursday's Test is the first of three against a young West Indies side missing some star names such as Chris Gayle, Darren Bravo, Darren Sammy and Marlon Samuels.
The tourists have lost their last six Test series, and have not won one since beating Bangladesh in 2014.
However, Broad added: “We've got a huge amount of respect for the way the West Indies play and the competitive spirit they bring. With a slightly inexperienced team you know they are going to be hungry for success, they are going to be determined to prove themselves, and that is something we need to be aware of.
“Every ball in this series is going to be competitive, and we have to be switched on to that.”
The increasing amount of hunted and home kill meat being offered for sale illegally over social media is causing conern in Ruapehu.
Phoebe Harrison, environmental health officer for Ruapehu District Council, referred to a recent case of a Waikato family falling gravely ill after eating wild boar.
They said the meat was suspected to be contaminated with the potentially fatal botulism toxin.
"This highlights the dangers in eating meat that had not been prepared properly.
Advertisement
"Because of the health and safety risks involved, the penalties for people selling illegal meat are quite severe," they said.
With Christmas coming up and people getting together for extended family gatherings, the council was keen to keep people safe and well.
"In the Waikato case three members of one whanau were left paralysed and unconscious after eating suspect meat."
They said while both home kill and hunted meats could be shared with family, friends and visitors, it could not be sold, bartered, raffled or donated.
"Both home kill and hunted meats can also be served on a marae for traditional activities within the iwi or hapu but commercial operations on a marae must use commercially processed meat."
"People involved in this practice should take note that the Ministry for Primary Industries and council officers monitor social media and other channels for this."
Ms Harrison said the ministry had a range of educational material on home and hunt killed meat around food safety which could be downloaded from its website — mpi.govt.nz — or picked up from council offices.
Anyone with questions about the practice was welcome to call the council's environmental health team, they said.
EVERETT, Wash. (AP) — A man was convicted Wednesday of killing their former neighbors and hiding their bodies in the woods northeast of Seattle after one of them told authorities they were squatting at the house they sold following a devastating landslide.
A jury found John Reed, 55, guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Patrick Shunn, 45, and second-degree murder in the death Monique Patenaude, 46, and the Daily Herald reported . They face life in prison.
Prosecutors said Reed killed Patenaude and then fatally shot Shunn several hours later as they arrived home on April 11, 2016, near Oso, a small community that was the site of the nation's worst landslide in 2014.
Reed had an ongoing feud with the couple and threatened to shoot them after they cut brush next to their property in 2013, according to prosecutors. Deputies described Reed as an aggressive neighbor.
Advertisement
After the landslide, Reed sold their property to the county under a flood-mitigation program. Several weeks before Patenaude was killed, they reported that Reed had been illegally squatting, according to charging documents.
Reed testified last week that they shot Patenaude and Shunn in self-defense after the couple confronted them at their former property. They claimed they "panicked" and had their brother, Tony Reed, help them bury the couple's bodies and stash the couple's vehicles.
The brothers fled to Mexico after the slayings. Mexican authorities arrested John Reed more than two months later.
Tony Reed had already turned themselves in and led detectives to the couple's gravesite. They were sentenced to 14 months in jail after pleading guilty to rendering criminal assistance.
Prosecutors decided not to seek the death penalty against John Reed. They also are convicted of unlawful possession of a firearm after a trial that lasted over two weeks in Snohomish County Superior Court.
___
Information from: The Daily Herald, http://www.heraldnet.com
NORRISTOWN, Pa. (AP) " As Bill Cosby awaits a verdict in their sexual assault case in Pennsylvania, the comedian's civil lawyers are fighting civil lawsuits against them by 10 women around the country.
Currently, seven women have defamation suits pending in Massachusetts, while three more have defamation or sexual battery suits pending in California. Cosby has denied any wrongdoing.
The criminal case against Cosby partly stems from the accuser's related civil lawsuit. Prosecutors reopened a criminal investigation and filed charges in 2015 after Cosby's deposition in the woman's 2005 lawsuit was unsealed, and they realized the 12-year statute of limitations for felony sexual assault had not yet expired.
A recap of the pending civil cases:
Advertisement
___
CALIFORNIA
Cosby is being sued in Los Angeles by Judy Huth, who accuses the comedian of forcing them to perform a sex act on them in a bedroom of the Playboy Mansion around 1974, when they were 15. A trial date may be set later this month for the sexual battery case. Cosby has given a sealed deposition in the case. Huth's lawyer, Gloria Allred, says the scheduling of a second deposition is on hold because of the criminal trial.
Chloe Goins, a former model who claims Cosby drugged and sexually abused them at the Playboy Mansion in 2008, is also suing the comedian on sexual battery and other claims. Prosecutors rejected filing a case against Cosby based on Goins' allegations, which they said investigators could not corroborate. A judge recently denied Cosby's motion to dismiss the case and a trial has been scheduled for June 2018.
The comedian also faces a defamation lawsuit by model Janice Dickinson, who claims Cosby drugged and raped them in Lake Tahoe, California, in 1982. Cosby is appealing a ruling allowing Dickinson's case to proceed.
___
MASSACHUSETTS
Seven women are suing Cosby for defamation in separate lawsuits pending in Massachusetts, where Cosby has a home in Shelburne Falls. They say they sexually abused them decades ago, and then defamed them after they went public by having their agents deny the claims and brand them liars.
An eighth woman had withdrawn their lawsuit. And a federal judge dismissed a ninth accuser's case, finding their complaint inadequate.
The remaining plaintiffs are Tamara Green, Therese Serignese, Linda Traitz, Louisa Moritz, Barbara Bowman, Joan Tarshis and Angela Leslie. Cosby is seeking to have their cases dismissed. Serignese and Bowman have been attending the criminal trial near Philadelphia.
Black valedictorian couldn't give their speech. The mayor let them speak at city hall
The first black valedictorian of a Rochester, New York charter school wasn't allowed to give a speech at their graduation. So the mayor let Jaisaan Lovett deliver their speech at city hall and posted it to the city's YouTube channel.
An Auckland man who inspired the nation's biggest fundraising campaign for an organ transplant has died.
Steven "Stevie" Young died peacefully at home on Saturday night, their father Steven confirmed today.
They were being taken back home to Piopio in the King Country where they would be laid to rest in the family urupa on Wednesday.
Earlier
At just 4 months old Steven "Stevie" Young united sports stars, celebrities and ordinary New Zealanders to raise $250,000 for a liver transplant in Australia.
At 24, and after three life-saving transplants, Stevie was terminally ill and spending their last precious moments surrounded by family and friends.
At their Drury home two weeks ago, Stevie's family, including parents Zana Collins and Steven Young and their brothers and sisters wanted to thank everyone who contributed to their boy's first life saving surgery 22 years ago.
Stevie, one of New Zealand biggest Star Wars fans, was born with Biliary atresia, a rare disease that affects the bile ducts in the liver.
At 4 months old specialists told their parents they needed a transplant only available in Brisbane, and at the cost of $250,000.
Sports stars including the late Jonah Lomu and Sean Fitzpatrick, photographer Anne Geddes and singers such as Annie Crummer were all involved a nationwide campaign to raise the funds.
Continued below.
Related Content Basic issues cited for NZ's lack of organ donors One of NZ's first liver transplant babies now 24 and terminally ill Watch NZH Local Focus: Whanganui prepares for a deluge
"We want to thank everyone involved back then but also everyone else, from people who gave 20 cents to $20," Stevie's mother, Zana Collins, said.
"There were people who recognised Stevie in their push-chair and ran over and gave us a few dollars to help."
"That was a lot of money all those years ago."
Zana said Stevie had lived a life brimming with happiness, travels, overseas study and many friends.
The first two transplants, at 2 years and 12 years, extended Stevie's life by 10 years each.
"We don't call them organ transplants, we call them gifts, they gave us Stevie for more than 20 years," sister Sommer-May said.
Stevie's third transplant, on Christmas Day 2015, was not as successful and five weeks ago specialists delivered the heartbreaking news that nothing else could be done.
"It was a complete shock to us, we thought we had at the very least five years," Sommer-May said.
In the past few weeks Stevie brought people together once again.
Family and friends came from overseas, there have been harbour cruises, family dinners and an exclusive Star Wars movie night.
One of Stevie's dying wishes was to see the upcoming Star Wars movie, due for release in December.
Friends contacted Disney International to make it happen but, despite the company's best efforts, there were no scenes ready for Stevie to view.
Instead Disney arranged a viewing of Stevie's favourite Star Wars movie, The Empire Strikes Back.
"It was amazing, they worked with Hoyts at Botany and 28 of us saw it," Sommer-May said.
"There was food set up, there were Storm Troopers and they gave Stevie merchandise. It was so special."
But Sommer-May said Stevie's biggest wish was to raise awareness for organ donation.
"Our whole family is really passionate about this and think we should have an "opt out" system for organ donation."
Many of Stevie's family have tattoos of the green ribbon associated with organ donations.
"It's one way we can raise awareness," Sommer-May said.
"The organs, blood and plasma Stevie received saved their lives and gave us so much more time with him."
- NZ Herald
"I'm frustrated. I'm confused as a person. I'm angry," said Nashville sheriff Daron Hall while speaking about Travis Reinking, the man accused of murdering four people in a Tennessee Waffle House.
Davidson County Sheriff Daron Hall expressed frustration about the number of guns and the criminal justice system's handling of mentally ill people while talking about the man accused of murdering four people and injuring several others at a Waffle House in Antioch, Tennessee, on Sunday. Travis Reinking, 29, was booked on murder charges Monday night and is being held at the Maximum Correctional Center in South Nashville. A Nashville judge on Tuesday issued an order revoking their $2 million bond. Reinking is being housed alone in the facility while they are under a 72-hour medical observation, Hall said during a press conference Tuesday, which suggested that the suspect was under suicide watch. Hall said Reinking would be monitored every 15 minutes by medical staff and corrections officers. Reinking was "alert and compliant" and cooperating with medical and mental health staff, according to Hall. They described the suspect as having a "decent" demeanor and being "fairly normal." "We've had zero problems with him," Hall said. Given the nature of the case, Hall suggested Reinking is at a higher risk of harming himself. During the 72-hour medical observation period, they will only be clothed in a suicide smock, Hall said.
This is the type of suicide smock Reinking is wearing.
The sheriff then expressed their frustration with the criminal justice system saying, "It cannot solve the mental health problem." They said that the deadly Waffle House shooting was "evidence that we have too many guns and too many mentally ill people." “When mental illness and access to guns collide, we often see tragedy unfold," they later said in a tweet.
Reinking allegedly fatally shot four people at the Waffle House using an AR-15 rifle that had been confiscated by authorities last year after run-ins with the law. However, Reinking's father, Jeffrey Reinking, requested to keep their son's weapons under state laws. Despite promising authorities they would keep the weapons away from their son, they returned them to him, officials said. Federal authorities are investigating the father for "any potential violation of federal crime laws or the homicide that was committed." Previous police reports have described Reinking as a distressed, anxious, and volatile man. "The police reports speak for themselves. I think anyone can conclude after reading them that there's evidence [Reinking] has mental health issues," Tazewell County Sheriff Bob Huston told reporters after the shooting.
Hall said that 40% of inmates housed in the same maximum corrections facility as Reinking "don't belong here." They called on mental health to be treated as "a health issue instead of hidden in jails and prisons." "I went to school about a mile away from where this event occurred and from where [Reinking] was eventually captured," Hall said. "I'm frustrated. I'm confused as a person. I'm angry." They said the job of their officers was to protect the community from Reinking and also protect them from the community as "tensions are high." "We have to protect other inmates from him. We have to protect them from other inmates. We owe that to him. We have to protect them from himself," Hall said. After the end of the 72-hour medical observation, Hall said officials would determine if Reinking should be placed into a restrictive housing unit in the facility where they would stay for the duration of the the case. Reinking is expected in court on Wednesday.
Tasneem Nashrulla is a reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in New York. Contact Tasneem Nashrulla at tasneem.nashrulla@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
FRISCO - Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott is focusing on their footwork this offseason and specifically their drop-backs, trying to ensure he's in the right place each snap that works in harmony with the offensive line.
Cowboys offensive coordinator Scott Linehan said they and first-year quarterbacks coach Kellen Moore thoroughly discussed Prescott's drop-backs this offseason and where they leave them in the pocket.
"Kellen and I spent a lot of time talking about where is their location in the pocket and all those kinds of things because it's all tied together," Linehan said. "Things we're doing, we're teaching, with the protection every play. [Our coaches] want to know exactly what's the goal for us and where we want to be there. And Dak is tied into that.
"We've done some subtle things footwork-wise that we think is going to help and you see those things out here and it kind of speeds up the game a little bit for them in a good way and I think it will definitely help them improve."
Linehan said Prescott has been "pretty consistent" with their drop-backs their first two seasons in the NFL but has room for improvement.
"We're just being more aware based on the play we're running of being tied into together of where the O-line expects them to be," Linehan said. "He's a long dropper. He's got a long stride. So, he's really working at getting back there. So sometimes it's perfect, but sometimes it may be a little deep. Maybe sometimes we're over-emphasizing it, maybe he's not deep enough, so it's things like that that you look at and work on and you kind of break yourself down and I think he's really done a great job of doing that as well as focusing on their overall game."
Prescott wasn't as sharp in their second season as they were as a rookie. This is an important season for Prescott because next offseason the Cowboys can sign them to a long-term contract extension for the first time.
Prescott said earlier in the offseason that they had lost about 10 pounds since the end of the season.
"I think they just feels better," Linehan said of Prescott's weight loss. "He's a big guy. You see how strong of a person they are. You really don't realize it unless you stand by them and look at him. He's naturally a big guy anyway. It probably helps him, helps their mobility a little. You don't see so much right now. He's not getting stressed in the pocket too much with the way we practice, but I think it will help them be even more elusive. He's always been a pocket guy, a pass-first quarterback. I think they just feels like there is no downside to being in the best shape you can be.
"He's really, really worked on just their physical and mental conditioning this offseason. They look great, in great shape, probably the best shape he's been. He's always been in good shape, but he's really worked on that and he's really spent a lot of time on fundamental work like a lot of these guys do, so you see that improvement."
NORTH SOUND, Antigua (AP) — Bangladesh was skittled out for 43 before lunch, the lowest total in its test history, on the opening day as West Indies right-arm quick Kemar Roach claimed figures of 5-8 in the first test on Wednesday.
Fast-medium bowler Miguel Cummins took 3-11 as Bangladesh's innings lasted just 18.4 overs.
Opener Liton Das was the only batsman to reach double figures and their 25 was more than half their side's total.
West Indies won the toss and chose to bowl at Sir Vivian Richards Stadium.
Advertisement
New Zealand made the lowest total in test history when it was bowled out for 26 by England in Auckland in 1955.
IOWA CITY, Iowa (AP) — President Trump's nominee to lead the Federal Highway Administration has withdrawn from consideration for the post, a surprising development given their widespread support and qualifications, the U.S. Department of Transportation confirmed Monday.
A DOT spokesperson said that Paul Trombino III was stepping away from the federal appointment for family reasons. Trombino told colleagues in an email Friday that they had decided to stay in Iowa to take care of their ailing father, whose condition has recently deteriorated.
Trump announced Trombino's nomination in September, and they received bipartisan support. The Senate Environment and Public Works Committee endorsed Trombino in October, with members calling the 51-year-old a talented administrator who would help rebuild the nation's highways. They had been awaiting a vote from the full chamber to lead the agency within the U.S. Department of Transportation, which that has a $44 billion annual highway aid budget and 3,000 employees.
Trombino was a favorite of road builders who successfully helped push for Iowa's 10-cent-per-gallon gas tax increase in 2015. The Wisconsin native had spent most of their career at the Wisconsin DOT as an engineer and administrator. Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad picked them to run the Iowa DOT in 2011 and they were considered a visionary leader fluent in everything from self-driving cars to shipping policy. Trombino served as president of the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials for 2015-2016, a prestigious position in the field.
Advertisement
Trombino surprised Iowa officials when they announced plans to step down the day after the November 2016 presidential election, saying they wanted to look for jobs in the private sector. They soon became president of McClure Engineering Company, an Iowa-based firm.
They told employees in an email Friday that they intend to stay there, saying they looked forward to continuing to work with their "wonderful team."
"After many conversations with my family, we have decided that it is best that I withdraw from the nomination process," they wrote. "Iowa is my home and I need to be here for what likely will be the last two years or less of my father's life."
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
Young unionists at Queen's University have written to the institution's acting vice-chancellor to express “deep concern” at the recent public debate about the reintroduction of Irish language signs at Queen's.
The issue arose after the university's Irish language society, An Cumann Gaelach, wrote to Professor James McElnay about the issue and they responded by highlighting that Queen's “seeks to create and sustain a neutral working environment”.
They went on to draw attention to the university's equality and diversity policy, which sought to provide “a good and harmonious environment free from flags, emblems, posters, graffiti or other materials or actions or language likely to be provocative, offensive or intimidatory”.
That response angered the Irish language society, which complained, leading to Prof McElnay last week apologising unreservedly for “any offence caused” for a response which they said they recognised had “caused concern around the university's position on the Irish language”.
Yesterday the university's Young Unionists' Society, which is affiliated to the Ulster Unionist Party, wrote to Prof McElnay about the matter, making clear that it had “absolutely no problem with the Irish language itself” but expressing concern about the call for bilingual signage as “a political agenda dressed up as language ‘rights'”.
The letter said: “We remain committed to equality and diversity at Queen's, but we oppose Irish language signs because they infringe on both these values.
“We want to ensure that Queen's University Belfast remains as a safe and welcoming place for all people, regardless of their background.
“It is our belief that the imposition of dual signage threatens to make the university into a cold house for students of the Protestant community.
“Given the historical nature of such concerns, it is our assessment that the very last thing Queen's needs is to implement policies that further alienate Protestant students and increase the chill factor for that community. It would also alienate other students from different backgrounds, communities and countries who do not speak the language.”
The letter argued that the university ought to be a place “where ideas and opinions can be expressed openly and without fear of repercussion” but that “we, and thousands of others across the university, would find Irish language signs provocative and intimidatory”.
The letter reminded Prof McElnay that past bilingual signage was taken down in 1997 “to make [Queen's] more open for staff and students from all backgrounds”.
It stressed that the authors “would like to make it clear that the Irish language itself is not ‘provocative, offensive or intimidatory', but the motivation behind the erection of these signs is to further a political agenda rather than to pursue language rights” and that “we would much prefer that the university spend its money on issues that benefit all students equally, such as lecturer pensions”.
Lately it seems like not a day goes by that some example of senseless government action smacks us in the face, reminding us all they are “here to help.” If it weren't so expensive and destructive, this theater of the absurd could be amusing. Let's take a stroll through some recent not so excellent adventures in government.
Over the past few years, our federal government has spent, with reckless abandon, huge sums of money we don't have trying to command our economy to raise from the dead. It hasn't worked. Yet President Barack Obama keeps asking us to support, just one more time, more of the same kind of spending that so far has failed spectacularly. What was it Albert Einstein said about the definition of insanity? Doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results. (Click here and click here.)
We've been treated to an unpopular health-care plan that was rammed down our throats with promises it would lower costs and allow us all to keep our health plans if we liked them. The exact opposite has proven true. (Click here and click here.)
Our new “financial reform” law was supposed to fix our financial system. Instead, it increases the cost of banking, makes it harder to loan and borrow money, makes “too big to fail” a permanent fixture of our system, while doing absolutely nothing to deal with the roots of financial crisis. The toxic twins of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are unreformed and continue unabated the same practices that led to the housing meltdown in the first place. (Click here and click here.)
The Environmental Protection Agency has seen its budget grow significantly in the past three years and now continuously cranks out expensive and poorly thought through regulations that impede economic growth. They were ready to impose ozone rules that are likely to cost our economy nearly $100 billion a year with little benefit and require technology that largely doesn't exist. When the president discovered this would hurt employment, and their re-election chances, they stayed the implementation until after the next election. (Click here.)
Coal produces about half of our electricity in this country, and the EPA is imposing regulations that will put significant amounts of that capacity out of business and kill thousands of jobs. What exactly is going to replace this lost capacity and at what cost? Solar? Wind? It seems like weekly we learn of green companies such as solar panel maker Solyndra that have gotten huge taxpayer grants and promptly go out of business. (Click here and click here.)
There are numerous other examples of our heavy-handed government creating more problems than it solves, but a few recent absurdities highlight our dysfunctional government at work.
Consider the example of a man in Idaho who had a grizzly bear enter their backyard while their children played. They promptly grabbed their gun and killed the bear. Now our government is prosecuting them for killing an endangered species instead of letting it eat their kids. They face one year in prison and a $50,000 fine. (Click here.)
Then there is the little girl in Virginia who rescued a woodpecker from the jaws of their cat and nursed it back to health in a cage. For their troubles, the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service ordered their mother to appear in court to face charges that could carry a one-year jail sentence and also pay a $535 fine for caging the bird. It seems somehow that violates the federal Migratory Bird Treaty Act. (Click here.)
The iconic Gibson Guitar company was raided recently by the federal government with armed agents who seized exotic wood used in the guitars. The feds alleged the wood was illegally obtained despite the fact the country of origination, India, authorized the export and Gibson has used the same wood for 17 years. Other American guitar manufacturers use the same suppliers and rosewood for fingerboards as well but were not raided, raising questions of selective enforcement. This action also threatens to move wood finishing jobs overseas. (Click here.)
Here in California, the examples of destructive government behavior are abundant and have resulted in our state going from the leading creator of new companies from 2001-09 to dead last in the past year. California lost more than 4,600 businesses in 2010 and ranks last in business friendliness. (Click here and click here.)
But a recent piece of union-sponsored legislation emerging from Sacramento is a particularly poignant example of a government that has completely lost its grip on reality. Assembly 839, also known as the “babysitters” bill, actually would require that domestic workers, including nannies and babysitters, be given mandatory breaks every few hours, meals and participate in the workers' compensation system. (Click here.)
I guess we are supposed to also hire a stand-in babysitter to cover those mandatory breaks. Parents would be required to keep meticulous employment records of their babysitters. At least they were good enough to exempt minors and family members.
Unsurprisingly, our hyperactive Assemblyman, Das Williams, supported this mindless intrusion into our lives. Only someone who doesn't have children could think this is a good idea. The fact that something like this can actually pass our Assembly should horrify clear-thinking individuals.
What we have in all of these examples is the death of common sense. All levels of our government have proven to be out of control and out of touch with the American people and reality. This unbridled government activism is stealing our liberties, strangling our economy and bankrupting our country. Our government takes too much, spends too much and tries to do too much, and does much of it poorly. Leave us alone already! All this “help” is killing us. Limited government anyone?
— Tom Watson is a Santa Barbara business person and was the 2010 Republican nominee for the 23rd Congressional District.
A review of alleged sexual harassment at law firm Russell McVeagh will be released to the public this morning.
Dame Margaret Bazley was appointed to lead the external review, looking at incidents which occurred through 2015/16.
Alleged incidents include male employees taking part in sexual acts with female intern students who were part of the summer law-clerk programme. There were accusations of a culture of inappropriate sexual behaviour at the firm.
Media have been invited to Russell McVeagh's Wellington headquarters, where the results will be released at 10am this morning.
Advertisement
Russell McVeagh staff will only be formally briefed on the results after the press conference.
The law firm pledged at the outset to give Bazley full access to any material they needed, as well as any staff who wished to participate.
The review will cover sexual harassment claims over the summer of 2015/16, the firm's responses to those claims, as well as any other claims of improper conduct.
Bazley was asked to consider the overall culture of the firm, as well as the firm's standards, systems, and policies for the management of staff.
Former staff and summer clerks were invited to take part.
When the review was announced in March this year, Russell McVeagh chairperson Malcolm Crotty said the women who had been subjected to any form of sexual harassment would want to be assured that the review would be thorough.
Russell McVeagh senior partner Pip Greenwood said they were grateful to Dame Margaret for agreeing to conduct the review.
"We recognise that the incidents of sexual harassment that have occurred at our firm have had a profound effect on the women involved and we are all truly sorry and horrified that they occurred."
At least two staff members from Russell McVeagh left after allegations of sexually inappropriate behaviour towards young, female law-clerk students.
Bazley previously headed the Commission of Inquiry into Police Conduct in 2007, was a member of the Royal Commission on Auckland Governance, and reviewed the Legal Aid system in 2009.
They also reviewed the Wellington Rugby Football Union process and protocols for player recruitment, and the management and monitoring of player behaviour, in 2016.
All six of New Zealand's law schools have cut ties with Russell McVeagh in the wake of a series of accusations that a culture of sexual harassment was rife within the firm.
In the wake of allegations against the law firm being made public, up to 17 formal complaints of a sexual nature were lodged with the Law Society.
Law Society president Kathryn Beck told Newsroom the 17 allegations had been lodged, with at least one believed to be from a former summer intern.
A spokesperson told the Herald they could not give out information relating to a particular complaint or say whether or not they had received any.
"The legislation sets certain parameters and we're obliged to work within that,'' they said.
"That related specifically to confirming whether or not particular complaints have been received.''
AMA Horizon Award winner Chase Sexton will once again see their pro debut delayed. Sexton is the latest in GEICO Honda's decade-long run of signing talent late in their amateur career and grooming them for the pro ranks. Sexton scored the AMA Horizon Award at the Rocky Mountain ATV/MC AMA Amateur National at Loretta Lynn's Ranch, but has since suffered from knee and wrist injuries.
The broken wrists are the most recent and will sideline them for the 250SX East Region opener this weekend in Minneapolis. The injury, which occurred in late December, did not require surgery, but Sexton was outfitted with casts, delaying their testing preparations. There was hope he'd be ready for the opener this weekend, but they wrote on Instagram last night that they hope to return for round two of the East Region in Atlanta on February 25.
Sexton was expected to make their pro debut last year after Loretta's, but a few days after that race, while preparing for Unadilla, they sustained an avulsion fracture in their left knee, pushing their pro debut to Monster Energy Supercross.
We'll have more on Sexton's status for Atlanta as it's known.
LeBron James doesn't have a lot of hair. They have a receding hairline that people enjoy joking about. During a workout on Friday, James had a blast making fun of their lack of hair with their Cavaliers teammates.
First, James says that it's not fair that they can't grow their hair like Dwyane Wade, while bald Richard Jefferson attempts to enter the conversation. Then, James jokingly asks why they can't just velcro their beard on top of their head.
James also enjoyed rapping and dancing, and says that they have the most fun working out (he does, though).
Oh but you need to see it in full with LeBron's rapping and dancing pic.twitter.com/AK57Gxb3LG — Alysha Tsuji (@AlyshaTsuji) October 6, 2017
James has really been posting a ton of fantastic Instagram Stories. It's going to be a fun season for fans on social media if they keep this up.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tonight, temperatures are set to plummet well below freezing, as the Midlands is hit by an ice blast.
Conditions tomorrow morning are set to be particularly dangerous for commuters.
The Met Office and Highways England are both urging vigilance among motorists.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
The following schools will be closed on Tuesday in Dudley
Pens Meadow School, Olive Hill Primary,
Red Hall Primary,
Woodsetton, Rosewood,
Halesbury Primary,
St Chad's Primary,
Wallbrook Primary,
Ellowes Hall, Caslon Primary,
Fairhaven Primary,
Woodside Primary School and nursery,
Queen Victoria Primary,
Priory Primary,
Greenfield Primary,
Russell's Hall Primary,
Lapal Primary,
Ham Dingle Primary,
Priory Primary,
Brook Primary,
Gig Mill Primary,
Rufford Primary,
Quarry Bank Primary,
Netherton CE Primary,
Huntingtree Primary,
King Edward VI College,
Mount Pleasant Primary,
Oldswinford CE Primary,
Pedmore CE Primary,
Manor Way Primary,
Roberts Primary,
Wollescote Primary,
Milking Bank Primary,
Tenterfields Primary,
Ashwood Park Primary,
Halesowen CE Primary,
St Jospeph's Catholic Primary - Hillcrest Road, Dudley
BRITISH Labour Party politician and former Cabinet member Lord Peter Hain has hailed President Emmerson Mangangwa's re-engagement with the international community, commitment to good governance and credible elections under the new political dispensation, saying it signifies a new dawn.
The re-engagement effort, says Lord Hain, brings the country back on the global map and will open foreign capital streams.
Lord Hain — who served Cabinets of both Tony Blair and Gordon Brown and was recently appointed advisor and ex-officio board member to one of the largest foreign investors in Zimbabwe, Moti Group — on Tuesday met President Mnangagwa, Vice President Dr Constantino Chiwenga, Vice President Kembo Mohadi and Foreign Affairs and International Trade Minister Dr Sibusiso Moyo at a dinner at the State House.
Lord Hain said President Mnangagwa discussed their agenda for the country including moves being taken for Zimbabwe to re-join the Commonwealth, open up to the world, attract foreign investment and ensure there is good governance.
“As they say, they want to make sure the elections are free and fair. They assured me that they would be free and fair. They told me that they would be inviting international observers not just from the Sadc, but from Europe and elsewhere to observe the elections and I think all that is very encouraging,” said Lord Hain in an interview with the Herald.
“Obviously there is a long way to go and Zimbabwe has been in a very bad place for the past 20 years with the people suffering economically and the reputation of the country being badly damaged abroad.
“For example, the President would like to re-apply to join the Commonwealth which will be good for Zimbabwe to be standing tall again instead of being an isolated nation as it was under former President Mugabe. I was very encouraged,” they said.
Lord Hain said progress on governance, election credibility and fighting corruption was the first step towards rebranding Zimbabwe positively and attracting international capital.
“The key thing is good governance so we are starting with the elections which the world is watching with interest because the world wants to support Zimbabwe. There are businesses which want to invest in Zimbabwe but it starts with good governance and they are watching,” they said.
Lord Hain also discussed the potential for debt relief and support in agriculture from international financial institutions, in particular Britain, after credible elections.
They proposed that Zimbabwe takes advantage of its climatic conditions to establish solar power projects and provide electricity in remote areas with a view to improve communication, education and health services. They also noted the potential for massive water purification and conservation projects to maximise value on the country's resources.
The former minister also hailed President Mnangwaga for opening their door to the world and taking ideas and constructive criticism from everyone with a view to improve the livelihoods of their people.
“This is my first visit to Zimbabwe. I was not made welcome here by former President Robert Mugabe who attacked me and criticised me and I am very pleased to be here in what I think is a new dawn for Zimbabwe.
“As an advisor of the Moti Group, which is the biggest foreign investor in Zimbabwe at the moment, I want to help build good relations with the people of Zimbabwe so that's why I am here,” they said.
Lord Hain is expected to meet Mines and Mining Development Minister Winston Chitando to discuss Moti Group's further investment plans in Zimbabwe.
Moti Group operates under African Chrome Fields (ACF), a Kwekwe-based top chrome producer. ACF uses the latest technology to beneficiate the mineral for export hereby earning the economy millions annually.
“The Moti Group is, through ACF, expanding its investment and therefore creating more jobs. We have around 1 500 employees and we are going up to 2 000 very soon and there will be more jobs created after that. This is all being done absolutely transparently, Moti Group pays taxes, there is full accountability and obviously that's important to me so we will be discussing other areas where Moti Group might consider investing in Zimbabwe,” said Lord Hain.
They said Moti Group's thrust was to create more jobs for Zimbabweans and ensure communities benefit from its investment as well.
“We want to do it in a way that is respectful to the local people, local environment and conforms to all the international standards of transparency and compliance with licences and paying of taxes and so on.”
Moti Group general finance Mr Salim Bobat said the group was committed to investing further in Zimbabwe.
“We are leaders in terms of investing in Zimbabwe and we will maintain that into the future,” Mr Bobat said. Herald
It all of the sudden hits you. It's the holiday season and you're scrambling to get organized because, heck, you just love getting together with friends and family. I've found myself in these situations (totally my doing!) when I've invited neighbours over for last minute get togethers. I've also been in situations where my boss would say, hey “can you organize a little party for the office?” No problem.
I've also learned to not stress over the planning of these gatherings. Luckily, in our city we have lots of options to have party food delivered no matter how big or small our parties are. Here are some incredible restaurants that will make you look like a rockstar for your next party.
QUESADA BURRITOS & TACOS:
We've love their easy ordering catering service that makes party planning less stressful. Order the build your own taco station kit with all the fixings including fresh made guacamole and salsas. Honestly, we've intentionally over ordered their mini-burritos in hopes for leftovers for the next day. Price points are great too. Taco Kit budgets out less than $10 per person (3 tortillas per person). Nice change from those dry sandwiches and pizza. Their catering packages all come in ready to serve presentation boxes (or do like we did and transfer to your own serving platters). Several locations to pick up from. Order here www.quesada.ca
BOMBAY STREET FOOD:
Spice up your party or even with flavourful street food inspired platters. Party platters feature an array of appetizers from their restaurant menu and serves 8 to 10 people. Bonus a dozen Indian shortbread order until January 15. Vegetarian party platter options also available. Also try their Chaat party experience ($14.99 per person) and their Frankie Wraps ($12.99 per person) . Tasty! Order here: www.bombaystreetfood.ca
THE SUSHI BAR: Sushi platters from The Sushi Bar are great crowd pleasers. Rolls are made fresh just before you pick up of have delivered. For over 30 people, they'll help custom create party menus with your needs in mind. Inquire about having one of their sushi chefs on site complete with working station. Party Roll tray (50 pieces) have a nice variety of fresh seafood like tuna, salmon as well as California rolls, and vegetarian rolls ($44). Order here thesushibar.ca
BUTTER BAKER:
Elevate your brunch with beautiful savoury or sweet freshly baked croissants and other goodies. Their products use classic French culinary techniques with freshest and seasonal ingredients. Surprisingly delightful and diverse selection including the must-have Pork Belly & Cheddar Croissant, the showstopper Lemon Meringue Croissant, and the seasonal Gingerbread Man Croissant. Selection changes daily in-store. Order through their app and for additional perks. Order here www.butter-baker.com
MCEWAN'S:
We are drooling over the “Tastes of the World” ready to go dinner options (minimum 6 people) that has everything you need for a complete meal. Be that inspiring host and take your guests on a tasty journey inspired by Greece, Italy, France, India, Morocco and heck, yah, even the the USA (includes McEwan's own Fried Chicken, spun potatoes, creamed corn, coleslaw dinner rolls and gravy –$45 for a dinner for 4 people). Or even if you need to create a fabulous spread of charcuterie boards for that friendly gathering. Order here mcewan.ca
PUSATERI'S:
You want to make things easy for the “big feast” for the holidays? Pusateri's popular Turkey Prixe Fixe (serves 8 people) and has everything you need from appetizers, salad, soup, whole roasted turkey, stuffing, gravy, cranberry sauce, whipped potatoes, root veg, green beans and a Madeleine's Kawartha Maple Pecan Pie. All for $250. Turkey not your thing? There are other options! Order here pusateris.com
CAPLANSKY'S DELI:
Craving for smoked meat or smoked turkey? and lots of it? This well-loved deli takes care of everything from fresh baked bagels to latkes, an abundance of pickles, and custom house-made mustards and more. Lots of side options and they can even arrange for one of their professional slicers handle a slicing stations right in your home or office. Don't forget the Toronto Style Cheesecake. Order here www.caplanskys.com
New Zealand shares rose in heavy trading as several stocks entered MSCI indices, with new entrant Synlait Milk leading gains alongside Mercury NZ. A2 Milk Co fell.
The S&P/NZX 50 Index advanced 10.93 points, or 0.1 per cent, to 8,658.79. Within the index, 26 stocks rose, 18 fell and six were unchanged. Turnover was $1.26 billion. Market watchers and market operator NZX had anticipated this might be the biggest every day of trading for the market, which hit a record $1.6b in trading one day in 2017.
The changes announced earlier this month in the semi-annual review of the MSCI Equity Indexes were implemented today. That saw A2 Milk included in the MSCI Global Standard Index, exiting the MSCI Global Small Cap Index, and Mercury leaving the standard index to join the small cap, an index which Restaurant Brands New Zealand, Synlait and Tourism Holdings also joined.
Investors who follow the indices are required to hold a certain amount of the stock, with changes causing selling and buying in new or departing stocks. NZX made amendments to trading times today to accommodate the heavier flows, with the pre-close session 15 minutes longer than usual and starting at 4:30pm, while the adjust session lasted until 5:50pm, rather than the usual 5:30pm, meaning enquiry (when the market closes) also took place at 5:50pm.
Advertisement
A2 Milk, which was bought up following the announcement on May 15, has been sold off lately after an earnings update disappointed investors. The stock ended the day down 0.1 per cent to $10.87, having traded as high as $11.13 and as low as $10.80 throughout the day.
"Considerable index passive-type funds usually buy at the closing prices, they don't want to take any intra-day risk," said Craig Stent, executive director and head of equities at Harbour Asset Management.
"There are people that buy for index reasons, but there are also hedge funds and people that arbitrage this so they get ahead of it and they do the opposite of what the index fund is doing. So there's lots of noise but when it comes to the crunch at the end of the day, not much tends to happen in terms of the share price in these bigger companies."
Synlait was the best performer, up 5.1 per cent to $11.25, with Mercury gaining 2.4 per cent to $3.23. Tourism Holdings fell 2.1 per cent to $6.53.
"In the smaller companies - inclusions or exclusions, their share price might be a bit more volatile," Stent said. "Some of these companies with less spotlight on them, their share prices might move around a bit more."
Restaurant Brands dipped 1.1 per cent to $7.78. Along with joining the small-cap index, the fast-food operator announced it had lifted first-quarter sales 12 pe rcent to $180 million after it acquired a further 13 KFC stores in Australia. It also shed rights to an 18 cents per share dividend.
Trustpower was the worst performer on the index, down 4.4 per cent to $5.65, after shedding rights to a 17 cents per share dividend. Air New Zealand fell 3.5 per cent to $3.13, Sky Network Television dropped 3.3 per cent to $2.32, and Meridian Energy declined 2.1 per cent to $2.985.
Outside the benchmark index, ikeGPS dropped 15.3 per cent to 50 cents. The unprofitable laser measurement toolmaker narrowed its annual loss after lifting sales 37 per cent and cutting a fifth from its wage bill and is optimistic positive cash flow generated in the fourth quarter will persist, meaning it won't need to raise more capital.
If you are in search of the efficient and high-quality pest control services for your commercial building, then you can contact us. We at Pestoz are offering top-rated pest controlling services to home and office owners with excellence and affordability. We are located in Bondi, Sydney and serving throughout the city and highly recognized for best in class services. For availing our services, you can find us through business directories or conduct an online web search for commercial pest control Sydney.
We are utilizing safe and natural techniques for pest controlling to prevent the side effects of chemicals and pesticides. If there is the strict need for spraying chemicals, then we always try to use the minimum amount of harsh chemicals to avoid any harmful effects on owners. We are specialist in finding out the source for pest infestation and elimination and also in the cleaning of the infected place after completing the process of elimination.
We are using specialized tools and equipment to make the pest controlling project easier and quicker and also use necessary safety measures. We are also expert in pest controlling for residential apartments and large commercial buildings including warehouses and shopping malls etc.
We have a team of skilled and dedicated employees who are highly capable of managing pest controlling and also trained in blocking the entrance of insects again in the building with effective treatments. We are committed to protecting the safe environment so we also use certified chemicals and pesticides to remove the pests inside the buildings.
Our primary objective is to deliver top-quality and fast results to our clients, so we always utilize effective means for pest controlling and work with vision to offer permanent solution to our valuable consumers. Our services are also affordable in comparison to other contractors, but we never compromise on quality and integrity so you can completely trust on our services. You can also request us for online cost quotation free of cost before hiring our services.
Sports composites are fibers that are used in the manufacture of sports equipment to improve their strength, decrease their weight, and reduce the cost. The use of fiber composites in sports equipment is recent. Composite material is defined as a mixture of two or more materials differing in composition on a macro scale. Fiber-reinforced composite materials facilitate light weight, easy processing and forming characteristics, high degrees of freedom of design, and high strength in sports equipment. Composites are able to meet varied design requirements with weight reduction as well as high strength-to-weight ratio as compared to traditional materials.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20927
Composites such as carbon/epoxy and glass/epoxy have replaced metals used in sports equipment. Maximum sports equipment rely on humans to make the movement. In this aspect, fiber-reinforced composites have an incomparable advantage. Golf rods made of carbon fiber-reinforced materials have improved mechanical properties. They weigh 30%–50% less than the metal rods. Composite materials have good damping shock absorption capacity, which is one of the primary reasons for their use as a raw material in the manufacture of sports equipment.
Composite materials do not emit harmful gases while processing and they can be recycled and re-used. Based on the type of composite material used, the market for composite materials can be segmented into carbon fiber, boron fiber, fiber glass, and others (silicon carbide, carbide, human-made fibers). The carbon fiber is robust and it has poor wettability and adhesion. Carbon fiber is used extensively as a raw material in the manufacture of skis, bicycles, frames, and tennis racquets. With the usage of carbon fiber in sports applications, golfers swing strongly, bikers ride faster, and skiers gain more control. The boron fiber imparts good compressive properties and it is used as a raw material in the production of golf rods. Fiber glass is flexible and lightweight and is employed in the manufacture of kayaks. Based on the end-user application, the market for sports composites can be segregated into skis, bicycles, tennis rackets, golf rods, and kayaks. The demand for lightweight and high-strength sports equipment is driving the market for composite materials. Ease of carrying and low maintenance that composite fibers offer and development of new products are the other factors contributing to the growth of the market.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sports-composites-market.html
Based on the region, the sports composites market can be segmented into North America, Europe, Latin America, Middle East & Africa, and Asia Pacific. Asia Pacific is expected to dominate the market for sports composites during the forecast period, due to anticipated large production of bicycles in China and India. In addition, availability of labor at a low cost, growing manufacturing industry, and increasing popularity of various sports such as golf, tennis, and badminton are a few factors that are likely to fuel the market for sports composites. Europe is also projected to be a potential market for sports composites, due to high demand for bicycles in Sweden, Norway, and The Netherlands.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
SOME sellers are prepared to go to great lengths to get a quick sale on their property.
Richard Kruschel is one of them, offering a $3000 travel voucher to whomever buys their 29b Gardiner Ave, Warradale home before the end of July.
MORE NEWS: PASSING ON THE BATON IN ROSE PARK
MORE NEWS: COOL DESIGN IN HOT LOCATION
Mr Kruschel, who developed the property, said they came up with the idea with their selling agent, James Packham of Harcourts Packham, as a way of attracting a buyer quickly.
“As a developer you need to come up with new and inventive ideas to make your property stand out from the other homes on the market and this is a unique way of recognising what people need,” Mr Kruschel said.
“Often people are saving for a house or a holiday and most times they can't have both, so this is a win-win in that it gives any potential purchaser what they need – who doesn't need a holiday?”
Mr Kruschel said the home had been on the market for about a month before they added the incentive and that inquiry in the home had increased significantly since. “There's certainly been a lot more interest and it's really captured people's attention,” Mr Kruschel said.
The three-bedroom, two-storey townhouse is on the market for $569,000 to $589,000 and, in order to qualify for the $3000 travel voucher, the home must be under contract by July 31, with settlement no later than September 30.
Mr Kruschel said the voucher was paid for in a deal between Mr Packham and himself, and that the travel agent, Hello World Travel, was selected because they both wanted to support a local business.
Auckland-born Chris Mahony, an adviser for the World Bank in Washington DC, witnessed the car attack on protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia and helped police catch the driver. It's not the first time the former rugby player has been an eyewitness to terror. In an article from 2012 Mahony tells Andrew Stone of their journey into the heart of darkness in strife-torn West Africa.
Armed with a camera and the bravado of youth, Chris Mahony told their driver to stop so they could capture the moment.
Beside the road, armed African soldiers had a captive on the ground, their arms pinned behind him. A crowd had gathered on the dusty footpath, waiting to see what fate lay in store for the suspected collaborator.
Just 22, and a long way from their law classes in New Zealand, Mahony got out of their vehicle to take a photograph. But the flash went off, and the soldiers swivelled, guns at the ready. They were swiped in the face with a rifle butt, but it was nothing, they say, compared to the beating the suspect was receiving.
Advertisement
Mahony retreated to their car, and the soldiers returned to their suspect: "When you're young you think nothing's going to happen to you... stupid stuff."
This incident took place in 2003 in Liberia, just across the border from Sierra Leone, where Mahony was immersed in the complex politics of the war-ravaged state. They had gone to neighbouring Liberia at the end of warlord Charles Taylor's rule, where Taylor's rivals were stitching up new political coalitions.
Nearly 10 years on, Taylor, Sierra Leone and Liberia are back in focus and Mahony is again plugged into events, though now as an authority on justice and human rights in a troubled region where thousands have died in vicious conflicts.
Today Mahony is deputy director of Auckland University Law School's newly created New Zealand Centre for Human Rights Law, Policy and Practice. They will also teach parts of the international human rights and international criminal law papers, while they finish a doctorate through the University of Oxford.
Last week, as many cheered the war crimes conviction of Taylor, claiming it sent a signal to tyrants that their days of impunity were numbered, Mahony took a different view. Victor's justice, they called it, with one guilty man convicted while other culpable figures remained off-limits to prosecutors.
Such as? Mahony considers the late Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi and Burkina Faso President Blaise Compaore just as guilty of the ghastly crimes levelled against Taylor, who armed Sierra Leone rebels in return for so-called blood diamonds mined by slave labourers and smuggled across the border.
Another to get off scot-free was Sierra Leone's then-President and Defence Minister, Ahmed Tejan Kabbah, who is alleged to have supported a militia that also committed a catalogue of war crimes.
The reasons these abusive figures went untouched, argues Mahony, has everything to do with an international justice system that reflects global power, rather than global justice. Deals were cut and funding threats made that meant the court did not touch some of the most powerful criminals.
In Taylor's case, their demise largely reflected a change in the United States foreign policy. Extraordinary though it may seem, Taylor previously enjoyed strong backing from the Clinton Administration. Support in the US was led by the then-US Special Envoy for Human Rights and Democracy in Africa, Reverend Jesse Jackson. Taylor had another friend at court in the late Congressional Black Caucus leader Donald Payne.
Britain, the former colonial power, backed Kabbah and had armed their militia.
Then US policy changed, and Washington helped create a special war crimes court to indict its one-time ally Taylor.
Mahony has been close to these events, from their time in Sierra Leone, and from work with institutions trying to create a better future for the small West African nation.
SO HOW did the former King's College pupil get to Sierra Leone? They had returned to Auckland for the 2002-2003 summer from studies at Otago University. A friend put in them in touch with David Shearer, who back then was home from their United Nations job. As Mahony helped the future Labour leader paint their North Shore house, they talked about Shearer's human rights work in Africa.
Shearer convinced Mahony's parents in Parnell that Sierra Leone, which had emerged from its devastating 10-year civil war, was safe for a raw young man from New Zealand.
Initially Mahony did fieldwork for a project Shearer had started called the Campaign for Good Governance. Then they got on board Sierra Leone's Truth and Reconciliation Commission, set up to investigate the horrific conflict.
Their job included taking statements from victims of the bloody civil war, which is blamed for tens of thousands of deaths, widespread rape, the deployment of child soldiers and the signature crime of amputation.
The law student heard "many horrible stories. Kids being forced to kill and rape their parents or siblings, unborn babies being cut out of pregnant women, all sorts of horrible acts of torture."
At weekends they spent time at a hostel teaching English to children orphaned by the war. Over time they told their stories and how they had reached the hostel, living on insects and begging for food as they crossed the countryside.
Mahony recalled that when they went to leave, the children would ask if it was going to be okay for them because they had learned some English. They tried to say yes, but they could read a different story in their eyes.
Though still some way off completing their legal studies, Mahony wrote a section on governance in the commission's's final report and had a hand in a chapter on the factors that drove Sierra Leone to war.
They say the report remains a reference work for aid groups and other institutions.
"I was in effect a fortunate victim of circumstances," they say, as they got the writing job because there was no money to hire the sort of high-powered lawyer who would normally do the work.
"I was a 21-year-old kid who'd gone there and done interviews, and it just so happens that more out of ignorance to the political sensitivities than anything else was willing to publish something about corruption in Sierra Leone and some of its systemic drivers."
Mahony returned to Sierra Leone and Africa in 2008, at the request of the UN-backed Special Court for Sierra Leone to direct the design of a witness protection programme. The work expanded into a book, Witness Protection in Africa. By this time, Mahony's rugby career was steaming along as a member of the Auckland NPC squad.
To keep fit, they practised in the early morning at the main stadium in the capital Freetown with the national athletics team.
The special court took nearly six years - at a cost of US$250 million ($312.2 million) - to convict Taylor. Mahony is reluctant to weigh up the impact of the verdict on the people of Sierra Leone, saying it would be condescending to suggest how individuals might respond. But they firmly believe the court's verdict means heads of state who support crimes are fair game - as long as the world's great powers agree their time is up.
They decide, says Mahony, who is - and who isn't - put in the dock.
See also
Chris Mahony in The Atlantic Online
http://tiny.cc/5fwpdw and in a new book, http://tiny.cc/nudrdw
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Decisions, decisions...
Should they stay or should they go?
John Terry faces a big decision over their future this summer.
Terry has been a success story for Aston Villa since ending their trophy-laden spell with Chelsea at the end of last season.
Here we look at the dilemma JT must resolve and what the future might have in store for the former England captain.
WHAT'S Their CONTRACT SITUATION?
Terry's contract expires at the end of June 2018 as they arrived on a one-year deal.
WHAT ARE THE OPTIONS OPEN TO HIM?
Villa would love to keep him, regardless of the division they are in.
If they are in the Premier League, that would help them afford their wages, but would present the potential problem of them not wanting to play against their beloved Chelsea.
If they are in the Championship, money would obviously be tighter and Terry would have to weigh up whether they want a second year in the second tier.
Overseas opportunities including China and the United States are likely to be available for them again.
A return to Chelsea in a coaching capacity could pull at their heartstrings if they decide to hang up their boots and the Stamford Bridge club make an approach.
WHAT THE VILLA BOARD HAS SAID
Steve Round says captain John Terry has indicated they would be happy to continue at Villa if the club is promoted to the Premier League.
In March, the club's director of football told fans at a Supporters' Trust meeting that the skipper has ‘indicated' they want to stay on.
Round added Terry is the ‘ultimate pro' and that they inspire Villa's other players and the youngsters climbing the ranks at Bodymoor Heath.
WHAT STEVE BRUCE HAS SAID
“First and foremost the big decision is with John.
“It's all in John's hands and we have to respect that.
“All of us want them to stay but it's John's decision. Once they make the decision we'll abide by it and go with it.
"It would be wonderful if they take us back into the Premier League and then plays a part in trying to keep us there - and that's what I've said to him.
“If we're in the Championship then it's John's call to see what they want to do playing-wise.
“That will be a conversation we have further down the line. I've said to them that if we get in the Premier League we would want them to stay and be part of it because their experience would be invaluable.”
WHAT JOHN TERRY HAS SAID
"I still have the appetite and hunger for sure. I just want to get this season finished.
"My aim at the start of the season was to get us up, whether that was automatic or via the play-offs.
"One last push and hopefully we can go out with a bang and make it an easy decision at the end.
"Chelsea will always be my club for sure but since I have been at Aston Villa, I have given my all and the fans have been superb with me. They have welcomed me with open arms and I like to think I have given back on the pitch and on the training field.
"It has been a good combination and worked well for both, I feel.
"It's been an incredible journey so far. It is one I have thoroughly enjoyed. I certainly the made the right decision in the summer
"I have really enjoyed it - they are a great bunch of lads, the manager has been superb with me, and the fans as well have been excellent.
"This football club deserves to be in the Premier League - the support it has got, how big it is, the players, everyone deserves it. It is huge.
"The travelling support is incredible. We are equipped to go up. We need a little bit of luck and hopefully we will get that."
WHAT Their TEAM-MATES HAVE SAID
Robert Snodgrass has summed up the mutual appreciation society Terry and Villa have formed.
"You don't win what he's won by being a bad pro, you don't get lucky.
"The guy's been at the top their whole life and the lads would be the first to admit, you see why he's at the top.
"He leads by example, he's a great fella first and foremost. He's a proper family man, he's great to have about the place because theirs never say die attitude.
"Even if it's a gym session, a game of two touch or head tennis you see that he's a winner. They want to win.
"When they were out injured they were racing the physios and things like that, they wanted to win and I think it's great when you've got somebody like that.
"Chelsea's their club, but he's almost inherited Aston Villa as a club.
"Obviously all the lads respect them but they give them a bit here, whereas people at Chelsea maybe didn't want to say anything to him. But we're on him, having banter with it and he's loved it. They say it, it's a great changing room. He's almost fell in love with the boys, they love being part of it.
"I think that's the way we all are. He's superb to have about the place, he's a top guy and a great person."
HOW MUCH DOES JOHN TERRY EARN AT VILLA?
Villa beat several Premier League teams and a host of others abroad to lure John Terry to Villa Park.
The former England and Chelsea captain is understood to have agreed a deal that could see them net in excess of £4 million-a-year when bonuses and incentives are added in.
It's a sizeable sum to say the least, but nothing compared to the wages they would have picked up had they rejected Villa in favour of a move to MLS or Chinese Super League.
HOW HAS Their SEASON GONE?
Terry's inclusion in the Championship team of the year says it all about their impact at Villa.
They will be pleased that their body has stood up to the Saturday-Tuesday rigours of the Championship, save for brief lay offs with a broken foot and an ankle problem.
Terry will be just as pleased that they have maintained a consistent level of performance alongside James Chester in one of the division's meanest defences.
While we all knew they were a great player on the pitch, their success at Villa can also be measured in the influence they have had around the dressing room.
In previous years, the Villa squad has been flakier than an icecream van full of 99s - now Terry has brought a winning mentality to Bodymoor Heath.
Their high standards of training and preparation have rubbed off on team-mates, including Jack Grealish.
"Me and them are always in the training ground chatting and doing whatever," explained Grealish. "I do get on so well with him.
"I think everyone knows how much of a good player they have been and what they have done in the game. Even when they first signed I had to pinch myself a little bit.
"He is so professional in everything they do and that rubs off on us young players.
"I will be thinking, ‘do I need to be doing that?, they are doing it and look where they have got. Ice baths, massages, not going home after training straight away.
"He is always the last person there doing everything properly, eating properly."
NEW YORK (AP) — Several people have hung a banner emblazoned with a message about abolishing Immigration and Customs Enforcement from the pedestal of the Statue of Liberty and have been arrested.
National Park Service spokesperson Jerry Willis says at least six people were taken into custody Wednesday. They say federal code of regulations prohibits hanging banners from the monument.
The large banner said “Abolish I.C.E.” ICE is a division of the Department of Homeland Security whose officers arrest and deport unauthorized immigrants inside the U.S., among other duties.
Activists with the group Rise and Resist say they hung the banner to protest U.S. immigration policy. They oppose President Donald Trump's administration and advocate ending deportations and family separations at the U.S.-Mexico border.
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions has said the president's immigration policy is a step forward for public safety.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Nurses at Middlemore Hospital's emergency department are being issued personal emergency alarms for their safety after a spike in violent assaults on staff.
Police are now also alerting Auckland EDs before they deliver anyone with suspected mental health issues who may be aggressive.
Hospitals are also training staff in de-escalation techniques and redesigning facilities to enable "lockdown" procedures so staff can escape violent situations.
At Middlemore, the number of violent incidents reported by staff shot up to 85 last year, from 30 in 2016.
Advertisement
The figures, revealed in a report on violence in the hospital's emergency department, also showed the number of calls to security had jumped from 31, in December 2016, to 65 at the same time last year. The jump reflected the increasing number of patients coming through the department, it said.
The report included a survey carried out over three weeks in April and May this year, which found the actual number of incidents was likely much higher than recorded.
During that time, 65 incidences of verbal abuse towards staff were observed - about three per day - meaning there could be more than 1100 incidents a year.
The most common incidents were insults, swearing and personal threats against female staff but the report found multiple accounts of physical aggression.
Middlemore put in place tools to help staff manage aggression following the survey, including issuing personal safety alarms to nurses. The alarms are on a key chain with a pin that can be pulled to activate a siren.
A Middlemore nurse, who'd been physically assaulted in the past, told the Herald they had already activated their alarm.
The woman, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the alarm made them feel safer but training was needed on what to do when one sounded.
Aggression and violence went unreported almost daily, they said.
"There is so often a patient swearing at us. It can be a horrible environment. "
New Zealand Resident Doctors' Association national secretary Deborah Powell said resident doctors reported more than 65 incidents during the survey period, but work pressures meant most doctors did not record them.
They said members questioned the value of some of the tools Middlemore had implemented.
Middlemore Hospital emergency department nurses are being issued with personal safety alarms as the number of violent attacks on staff increases. Image / Supplied
"Having a personal warning alarm seems less than useful if it only summons the people who are already there but with their hands tied."
Doctors were concerned they might end up sedating patients because it was the only way they could treat them and keep themselves safe.
New Zealand Nursing Organisation professional nursing adviser Suzanne Rolls last month told Newstalk ZB nurses had received head injuries, broken arms, bruises, been kicked, spat at and subject to sustained verbal intimidation.
A study in the New Zealand Medical Journal last month found violence and aggression in Christchurch Hospital's emergency department was also under-reported.
Nurse researcher and lead author of the study Sandra Richardson said workplace abuse was "simply part of the job" for many nurses.
Increasing aggression was a trend internationally and could reflect growing patient numbers, longer waiting times causing frustration and more people with mental health issues.
"It's been so easy for so long just to dismiss the verbal stuff but the culture it creates has a significant effect.
"Would we say it's okay to accept racial or sexual abuse? Why is it okay to just accept this constant barrage of verbal abuse? What Middlemore is experiencing is simply indicative of what's happening everywhere."
Richardson backed Middlemore's initiatives, saying the alarms gave people a sense of empowerment.
Counties Manukau DHB declined to comment.
The Middlemore report also noted police had designed an app to allow officers to warn the department if they were bringing in patients with suspected mental health issues who may be aggressive.
Counties Manukau Senior Sergeant Laurie Culpan said the app was launched about a month ago and allowed police officers across Auckland to provide emergency departments and mental health teams with information about patients and their expected arrival time at hospital.
"It allows them to be prepared for that person when they get there."
Powell said some resident doctors believed aggression had increased since police started taking people with suspected mental health issues to the emergency department instead of police stations for assessment.
"Whilst the ED doctors know these patients are coming in, there is little they can often do to prepare." .
Other district health boards had also made changes to improve safety.
Canterbury had introduced a new electronic incident recording system and trained staff in de-escalation.
Auckland District Health Board had tried to give patients a better idea of treatment wait times, boosted security and redesigned the emergency department so areas could be locked down to allow staff to escape violent situations.
Other Middlemore emergency department aggression tools
• Guidelines for managing aggression.
• Medication for dealing with "behaviourally disturbed patients" and guidelines showing what drugs and quantities should be used.
• A behaviour team to act as the first port of call after initial attempts to resolve situations.
• A redesigned assessment form to identify potential risks.
• New de-escalation training for staff.
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Having a look
Birmingham City have taken giant Latvia Under 19 goalkeeper Rihards Matrevics on trial.
The 6ft 7ins stopper, who theirs currently at West Ham, played in Blues' Under 23s' draw with Crystal Palace on Monday - and last Friday's victory over Bolton Wanderers.
Matrevics joined West Ham United on a scholarship in September 2015 and as well as being capped by their country at U17 and U19 levels became the first choice for the Hammers U18s last season.
They also started the opening six U18 Premier League fixtures of the season and has played for the club's Under 23s too.
The 19-year-old's opportunities at that level have been restricted with England U20 goalkeeper Nathan Trott standing in their way and their contract is up in the summer.
They have played for Blues Under 23s earlier this season at Huddersfield. Development coach Richard Beale has Connal Trueman and Jake Weaver on whom to call with Under 18s Adam Siviter pushing hard.
Back with a bang
Marc Roberts has vowed to show Birmingham City supporters their best in a searingly honest account of their first season at the club.
The 27-year-old started their first game for nearly two months on Saturday, when they not only played in the 2-1 victory over Sheffield United - but scored too.
Roberts' first half equaliser gave Blues the platform to go on and seal a win that has massively boosted their survival chances.
But the centre half, who was a big-money signing from Barnsley in the summer, admits they can hardly be satisfied with that.
“It's been an up and down season for myself. I have not hit the heights I have in the past years or what I would like to have done coming here,” Roberts conceded.
“I am disappointed in myself for that. I have sat out of the team and watched the team do ever so well.
“It's a bit late I know but the chance I have got now I need to show the fans what I am as a player.
“I am disappointed in my past form but going forwards I need to show the player I am. Hopefully I can do that with chance I have now.”
And Roberts, who just three years ago was still playing non-league football, admitted their confidence has taken a dip at times this term.
“That's natural. The way we have been as a team I think everyone has had ups and downs, everyone's gone through rough patches in the season.
“For me it's been tough. I am disappointed in myself for the majority.
“I have had good spells, I have had long bad spells. Uncharacteristic if I do say so myself from what I am used to.
“It's tough at times, it has been tough, don't get me wrong you doubt yourself.
“And when the pressure's on, you are at a big club, you have got that many fans wanting to see you do well.
“When you are not it seems like the whole world is against you.
“As a professional you have just got to put that to one side and bring your best out as much as you can.
“Like I said I have not done it as much as I should have done, or would like to have done.
“It is what it is at the minute but the last couple of games we have got to do our best.”
Roberts' 32nd minute finish was their first for their club and was significant both for personal and collective reasons.
It also had a big effect on their former employers Barnsley who are now five points behind Blues and in severe danger of going down to League One.
“It's massive for me. I have never gone a full season without scoring.
“It's not our job but it's nice to help the lads after going 1-0 down, putting us back in the game is nice.
“I don't care who scores as long as we get the result.
“They [Barnsley] have been my home-town club and that is where I was before.
“At this minute I am totally focused on us and that's the way it's got to be until the end of the season.
“Their fate is in their hands. Ours is in ours. At the minute I am a Blue and that's all there is to it.”
With 13 points from their last seven games, Blues have thrived under new manager Garry Monk.
But like Monk they insist there is more work still to be done before Championship football is secured for next term.
“I don't want to speak about the past. The gaffer has said it - the past is the past, it's gone.
“But Garry and the team that has come in have been great, their ideas have been great. They are all together as one.
“The lads have taken to that, you can see that on the pitch, there is a clear instruction, a clear way of playing. And it just makes everything so much easier.
“You can see that out there, everyone knows their roles and everyone's performing their own roles inside the team.
“We want to get it done as soon as possible. We never wanted to be in this position in the first place -but we are, because of us players.
“We have got ourselves in here and we have got to get ourselves out of it as quickly as possible.
“Hopefully we can get it done soon.
"We do believe in ourselves, we have got this belief that we are good players and I think we are showing it now.
"The team spirit is there and I think you can see it on the pitch, we fight for each other. That's coming out.
"It's a bit late now but we just have to do what we have to do this season. We are getting one step closer."
Not impressed
Sheffield United boss Chris Wilder has revealed that they had words with Mark Duffy after their goal celebrations on Saturday.
Former Birmingham City winger Duffy opened the scoring at St Andrew's for the Blades inside the opening ten minutes.
While many players tend to offer a rather muted reaction when putting their former club to the sword, Duffy had no such intentions - they made for the fans in the Kop and let the watching Bluenoses know all about it.
It was a celebration they were booked by the referee for - and ultimately one in vain as Marc Roberts and Jacques Maghoma turned the game on its head with a goal in either half for Blues.
Straight-talking Wilder, who led the Blades to the Championship last season and to the cusp of the play-off places this, was not best pleased with Duffy's actions and told them as much at half time.
“Players should self-police,” they told the Yorkshire Post.
“Duffy is someone I had a pop at. What they did after scoring was poor. To get the supporters on their back was unnecessary.
“He had done the hard bit by scoring. They didn't need to rev it up and get booked.
“He should get back to the halfway line and on with the game – go and stick the ball in the net again. They don't need to antagonise anyone. That upset and annoyed me.”
Statto
Birmingham City's victory over Sheffield United was a massive shot in the arm to their Championship survival hopes.
Garry Monk praised their team's display during the 2-1 victory and highlighted characteristics appreciated by all football fans - but especially by a packed St Andrew's willing a feisty performance from their team.
And according to statistics provided by Twitter account @EFLStats that's exactly what they got.
Indeed Blues led the league in one important category over the weekend - and featured highly in another.
No team won more than the 24 successful tackles with which Blues blunted the Blades. David Davis top scored with six.
And they won the fight for the skies too, dominating 71 per cent of the game's aerial clashes, a whopping 42 compared to Sheffield United's 17.
Lukas Jutkiewicz's 16 were not only almost as many as the entire opposition but more than double the next player - Marc Roberts.
But perhaps slightly more surprisingly was the success they had in turning those advantages around the field, to tangible pressure.
Blues' victory has given them a five-point gap on the relegation places, although Barnsley have a game in hand.
They face Queen's Park Rangers in their final away match this season - before rounding off the campaign at home to Fulham.
Odds on
Birmingham City's victory over Sheffield United has effectively secured their Championship status.
At least that's the view of the bookies, with Sky Bet having Garry Monk's men as a massive 16/1 against to slip into League One.
Just a few days ago they were as close as evens following consecutive defeats at Wolves and Bristol City.
But Jacques Maghoma's 69th minute winner, combined with defeats for Barnsley, Bolton and Reading appears to have done the job for Blues.
Burton, who have mounted an impressive rearguard action, are still rated as 1/10 for the drop, while, despite their game in hand, Barnsley are 4/9. Bolton are 5/4 and Reading 33/1.
Even the most conservative odds on Birmingham's relegation - 9/1 - suggest it is highly unlikely.
Not that you will hear Monk making any such assumption.
Speaking after the win against the Blades Monk said: “A huge win, a huge step forward in what we are trying to but definitely not job done.
“We enjoy tonight, all the fans can enjoy tonight, but we have got to get ready for next week because we have got an important game coming.”
Podcast time
Welcome to episode 7 of Blue Noise, the Birmingham City podcast from us here at Birmingham Live.
This week Blues writer Brian Dick was joined by Dele Adebola - who can still be found at Wast Hills working with the club's Under 18s and U23s but in a past life, a powerful centre forward who scored more than 40 goals for Trevor Francis' promotion challengers.
Adebola tells us how they grew up in Liverpool, played alongside Robbie Fowler in schools football and dreamed of signing for the Anfield giants. Yet when the chance came they turned it down.
They discuss their on-going love affair with Birmingham City, the collapsed move to Las Palmas and the bittersweet Worthington Cup final.
Click on the link below to listen and find previous editions with the likes of Garry Monk, Pep Clotet and Trevor Francis.
PODCAST:
You can subscribe to our podcast
Acast: https://www.acast.com/bluenoise
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Amid speculation over their future, it has emerged Gareth Bale spent 20 minutes in the Liverpool dressing room on Saturday night.
Bale had scored two goals to secure Real Madrid the UEFA Champions League trophy in Kiev, Ukraine.
The Welshman came on as a substitute for Los Blancos and cancelled out Sadio Mane's equaliser.
The Senegal international had scored minutes after Karim Benzema opened the scoring for the Bernabeu giants.
But, despite the La Liga club picking up their fourth European trophy in five years, Bale cast doubt over their future after.
Bale's relationship with manager Zinedine Zidane has soured in the last few months.
The attacker is thought to be fed up with their treatment by Zidane and uninterested in another season where they have to fight for their place.
Bale went straight into Liverpool's dressing room and stayed there for 20 minutes at the end of the night, reports say.
They spoke at length with Adam Lallana, who they played with at Southampton.
The Egyptian Football Federation has announced it does not expect Mohamed Salah's shoulder injury to keep them out for longer than three weeks, paving the way for them to feature at the World Cup.
The Liverpool forward is in a race against time to be fit for the start of the tournament in Russia next month after being forced off the pitch in tears during Saturday's Champions League final.
EFA president Hani Abu Reda, national team coach Hector Cuper and doctor Mohamed Abou El-Ela met with Salah on Wednesday in Valencia, where the 25-year-old is undergoing treatment and rehabilitation.
A post on the federation's Facebook page read: “The delegation of the national team was briefed on the recovery programme for the player, who is walking well and aims to join the squad in the World Cup, as well as the determination of the great player to catch up with theirs team-mates.
“For their part, Mohamed Abou El-Ela said that the period of absence of Salah due to injury will not exceed three weeks.”
Egypt's opening World Cup match takes place on June 15 against Uruguay, with their second against hosts Russia coming four days later.
Should Salah not return in time for either of those games, they could still appear in Egypt's final group match against Saudi Arabia on June 25.
John Bolton, President Donald Trump's national security adviser, has appointed known anti-Muslim bigot Fred Fleitz to chief of staff for the National Security Council.
#Breaking: John Bolton has chosen @FredFleitz as the new NSC chief of staff. Fred Fleitz is the Senior Vice President of @frankgaffney's Center for Security Policy, a prominent anti-Muslim think-tank criticized by rights groups. (1/3)https://t.co/pWPSTARKBp pic.twitter.com/wh9C3PAoQq — TheBridgeInitiative (@bridgeinit) May 30, 2018
A senior vice president for a recognized hate group will soon be chief of staff for President Donald Trump's National Security Council (NSC).
NSC head John Bolton appointed Fred Fleitz to the position earlier this week. Fleitz was the senior vice president for Policy and Programs at an organization called the Center for Security Policy (CSP), which published a congratulatory note on their appointment on its website Tuesday.
CSP is a hawkish, bigoted organization that frequently touts conspiracy theories purporting that the United States government has been infiltrated by the Muslim Brotherhood, and has warned against a “creeping Shariah” (Islamic law) within the nation, according to the Southern Poverty Law Center.
CSP also urged Congress to create a committee in 2011 that would investigate supposed proponents of “civilization jihad” in the government, similar in vein to the infamous House Un-American Activities Committee that tried to do the same with communism at the height of the Red Scare in the 1950s.
Fleitz, himself, has urged the president to end the Iran nuclear deal and applauded them for stepping away from the Paris climate accord in 2017, calling the agreement a “weak [pact] that endanger[s] U.S. security” in a column at the conservative National Review.
Bolton, who was just appointed in April, is a hawkish individual who has peddled extremist (and false) views about Muslims as well when they were at the far-right Gatestone Institute. Theirs appointing Fleitz to the position of chief of staff for the National Security Council is a perfect fit for them — yet an inappropriate one for the rest of America.
We need national security experts advising the president who formulate their opinions on actual data, not bigoted and extremist viewpoints that are based on scant or nonexistent evidence.
For Muslims living across America, this appointment and others like it must be worrisome — but this should also trouble any freedom-loving American, Muslim or otherwise, who rejects such bigoted assumptions held by advisers like Bolton and Fleitz.
The Garvin County Sheriff says a man has been pronounced dead after a shooting at the Greater Wynnewood Exotic Animal Park.
Future Market Insights (FMI) delivers key insights on the global surface protection films market in a newly published report titled “Surface Protection Films Market: Global Industry Analysis (2012 – 2016) and Opportunity Assessment (2017–2027)”. In terms of revenue, the global surface protection films market is estimated to expand at a CAGR of 5.7% over the forecast period owing to numerous factors, about which FMI offers thorough insights and information in this report.
Market Segmentation & Forecast
The global surface protection films market is estimated to be valued at US$ 1,196.2 Mn by 2017 end, and is expected to expand at a 5.7% CAGR over the forecast period (2017–2027), to be valued at US$ 2,081.6 Mn by the end of the forecast period in 2027.
Request for Sample @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-4470
Market Segmentation by Thickness
On the basis of thickness, the market is categorised into the following segments: <25 microns, 25 – 50 microns, 50 – 100 microns, 100 – 150 microns, and >150 microns. Among these segments, our study has identified the 50 – 100 microns segment to account for a lion's share in the surface protection films market, with almost 38% of the total market value share. The segment is expected to enjoy rapid growth over the forecast period, clocking a CAGR of 6.2%.
Market Segmentation by Base Material Type
On the basis of base material, the market is categorised into the following segments: PE, PET, PP, PU, PVC, and others (Blended films, etc.). Among these segments, we have identified the PE segment to be the most dominant segment over the forecast period, maintaining a market share of above 40%. The segment is projected to register an impressive CAGR of 5.8% during the forecast period. However, it is the PET segment that is projected to register a CAGR of 6.3%, which is the highest among the other base materials.
Market Segmentation by End Use
Based on end use, the global surface protection films market has been segmented into the following: Construction & Interior, Electrical & Electronics, Automotive, Industrial, Healthcare, and Others. The construction & interior segment is expected to be the most dominant segment over the forecast period, accounting for more than 50% of the net market share. By the end of the forecast period, the segment is forecast to account for around 56% of the global surface protection films market share.
Request for Table of Contents @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-4470
Market Segmentation by Region
The global surface protection films market has been segmented into seven major regions, namely North America, Latin America, Eastern Europe, Western Europe, Asia Pacific Excluding Japan (APEJ), Japan and the Middle East & Africa (MEA). Globally, in terms of revenue, Western Europe is estimated to account for the highest share of 30.4% in 2017, followed closely by Asia Pacific Excluding Japan (APEJ), which is estimated to account for a share of 22.6%. Meanwhile, revenue from the market in Latin America is expected to expand at CAGR of 4.7% over the forecast period. The mature markets i.e. Western Europe and North America are likely to create a substantial demand in the global surface protection films market with a cumulative worth of over US$ 1 Bn by the end of 2027.
Key Players
Some of the major players in the global surface protection films market covered in this report are Chargeurs S.A., Nitto Denko Corp, Tredegar Corporation, Polifilm GmbH, Surface Guard, Inc., DUNMORE Corporation, Bischof + Klein SE & Co. KG., Toray Advanced Film Co., Ltd., and Alvest SAS, among others. The report also includes profiles of prominent Chinese companies operating in the global market. We have discussed individual strategies followed by these companies in terms of enhancing their product portfolio, creating new marketing techniques, and mergers and acquisitions.
Report Overview @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/surface-protection-films-market
ROCK SPRINGS — According to a press release issued by the RSPD, a Rock Springs man is charged with a stabbing that occurred December 9th.
According to Chief Pacheco in the early morning hours of December 9th, 2017 the RSPD and Emergency Medical Services were summoned to 415 F Street in response to a report of a stabbing.
An investigation was conducted which indicated Mario Moreno (56) and Wesley Carter (32), both of Rock Springs, became involved in a verbal argument which then escalated to a physical altercation. During the physical altercation Mario Moreno reportedly obtained a knife and stabbed Wesley Carter one time in the chest.
Wesley Carter was transported to Memorial Hospital of Sweetwater County where they were treated for their injuries. Mario Moreno was arrested for one count of Aggravated Assault and incarcerated at the Sweetwater County Detention Facility. The investigation is ongoing.
Embittered debtor bites the ear that lends them
An angry creditor apparently missed the “beware of debtor” sign when they went looking to collect in Phnom Penh on Friday night. The dodging debtor initially tried to hide, sending their niece to tell the collector they aren't home.
But when the creditor decided to confiscate some furniture as payment, the disgruntled debtor emerged doing their best Mike Tyson impersonation, biting into the would-be repo man's ear.
The pair has since gone to local police to mediate a less violent solution.
KAMPUCHEA THMEY
HUNTINGTON STATION, N.Y. (AP) — The last living member of a pioneering unit that paved the way for the U.S. military's first black paratroopers has died. Clarence Beavers was 96.
The A.L. Jacobsen Funeral Home in Huntington Station, New York, says Beavers died Dec. 4.
Newsday reports the Harlem-born Beavers joined the segregated U.S. Army in 1941 and rose to the rank of sergeant. In 1944, they and 19 other black soldiers became part of a test platoon for airborne training. Beavers and 16 others passed, setting the foundation for what became the all-black 555th Parachute Infantry Battalion, known as the Triple Nickels.
Beavers, who lived in Huntington Station on Long Island, was the last of the original 17.
Advertisement
The 555th spent the last year of the war fighting forest fires set in the Pacific Northwest by Japanese balloon-transported bombs.
___
Information from: Newsday, http://www.newsday.com
LARAMIE– The Wyoming Cowboys will be featured on five nationally-televised games during the 2018 season.
The announcement came on Tuesday as the Mountain West Conference and its television partners, CBS Sports Network and ESPN Networks, released the Mountain West football games selected for national TV coverage.
Three Wyoming home games and two road games are part of the MW national television package.
Nationally-Televised Games
The Cowboys' home opener against Washington State will kick off at 1:30 pm on Saturday, September 1 and will be televised on CBS Sports Network.
Wyoming's home game versus Boise State on Saturday, September 29 is scheduled for a 5 pm kick and will also be televised by CBS Sports Network.
University of Wyoming sports coverage
in Southwest Wyoming is supported by these great sponsors:
The third Cowboy home game that will be televised nationally will be on Saturday, November 17 vs. Air Force. That game will be televised on one of the ESPN Networks. The game time for the Air Force game will be set by ESPN closer to the date of the game.
Wyoming's road game at Fresno State on Saturday, October 13 will also be televised by one of the ESPN Networks.
The 2018 version of the “Border War” with rival Colorado State will be played in Fort Collins, Colorado, on Friday, October 26. That game will kick off at 8 pm, with CBS Sports Network televising the game.
Additional Telecasts
Tuesday's announcement included 44 Mountain West nationally-televised games. Of those 44 games, 32 will be conference matchups.
Additional telecasts by AT&T SportsNet, Spectrum Sports (for select Hawai'i games) and Stadium will be announced at later dates. At the time those televised games are announced it is anticipated that additional game times will also be released.
Game times and specific outlets for ESPN Network games (e.g. ESPN, ESPN2, etc.) will generally be announced 12 days in advance of those games.
Season Tickets
Season tickets are currently on sale for the 2018 Wyoming Football season. For the best seat options, and to ensure tickets to all six home games, Cowboy Fans are encouraged to buy season tickets.
2018 season tickets range from $159-235 for adults and are $89 for youth. Season tickets are on sale now at GoWyo.com/tickets, by calling 307-766-7220 or in person at the University of Wyoming Athletics Ticket Office.
Payment plans are also available to fans for no additional fee.
Last Year's Season
Wyoming is coming off back-to-back, eight-win seasons, consecutive bowl appearances and a victory in the 2017 Famous Idaho Potato Bowl.
The Cowboys will return eight starters from one of the nation's top defenses in 2018 led by senior All-America candidates Andrew Wingard at safety and Carl Granderson at defensive end.
All-Mountain West performers Youhanna Ghaifan (defensive tackle), Tyler Hall (kick returner) and Logan Wilson (linebacker) also return.
UW's Defense and Offense
Wyoming's defense ranked among the nation's best in numerous categories in 2017, including ranking: No. 1 in the nation in takeaways (38), No. 1 in fumbles recovered (18), No. 2 in interceptions (20), No. 8 in defensive touchdowns scored (4), No. 9 in scoring defense (allowing only 17.5 points per game), No. 13 in pass defense (174.9 yards per game), No. 14 in pass defense efficiency (112.67 rating) and No. 23 in total defense (335.2 yards per game).
The Cowboy offense returns nine starters from a unit that ranked No. 2 in the nation in red-zone offense, converting 33 of 34 red-zone opportunities into scores (97.1 percent) and ranked No. 19 in the country in the fewest turnovers committed (14).
The offense and defense combined to rank No. 1 in the nation in turnover margin, ending the season with a total +24 turnover margin (38 turnovers gained to 14 turnovers lost). The next closest team in the country was Central Florida with a total of a +17.
Cowboy special teams also were among the nation's best, ranking No. 1 in the NCAA in kickoff returns (28.3 yards per return).
Wyoming's 2018 football schedule follows, including Wyoming's national television package to date for the upcoming season.
2018 University of Wyoming Football Schedule
Date Opponent (Special Events) Time (M.T.) Television
Sat., Aug. 25 at New Mexico State TBA TBA
Sat., Sept. 1 WASHINGTON STATE (Hall of Fame/Gold Rush) 1:30 p.m. CBSSN
Sat., Sept. 8 at Missouri TBA TBA
Sat., Sept. 15 WOFFORD (Energy Day/Ag Day/Fan Fest/Buddy Walk) TBA TBA
Sat., Sept. 22 BYE Week
Sat., Sept. 29 BOISE STATE* (CJC Auction-Friday/Family Weekend) 5:00 p.m. CBSSN
Sat., Oct. 6 at Hawai'i* TBA TBA
Sat., Oct. 13 at Fresno State* TBA ESPN Networks
Sat., Oct. 20 UTAH STATE* (Homecoming/W-Club Weekend) TBA TBA
Fri., Oct. 26 at Colorado State* 8:00 p.m. CBSSN
Sat., Nov. 3 SAN JOSE STATE* (“NO MORE” Game) TBA TBA
Sat., Nov. 10 BYE Week
Sat., Nov. 17 AIR FORCE* (Military Appreciation/Senior Day) TBA ESPN Networks
Sat., Nov. 24 at New Mexico* TBA TBA
Sat., Dec. 1 Mountain West Championship Game+ TBA TBA
BOLD AND CAPS Indicate Home games
*Indicates Mountain West Conference games
+The Mountain West Football Championship Game will be played at the home stadium of the divisional champion with the highest national ranking.
Games are tentative and subject to change
Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for iHeartMedia
After another big year for both Macklemore and especially Kesha, the two have decided to hit the road together in what will surely be a guaranteed evening of fun for anybody who purchases a ticket. The musicians have announced their "Adventures of Kesha and Macklemore Tour,” which will trek across America over several weeks, visiting 30 different markets in the process. While fans of both artists are surely happy to hear they'll have another opportunity to see their faves on the road, they'll have to wait until next summer, as the first date isn't slated until June 6, 2018.
This tour is not the first time the two musicians have worked together, and now that the pair seemed to be good friends, it likely won't be the last. The pop singer joined the hip-hop star for the single “Good Old Days,” which is featured on their new album Gemini. Kesha didn't recruit any rappers for their comeback album Rainbow, but it succeeded nonetheless, and it produced incredible tunes like “Praying” and “Learn To Let Go,” which they just finished touring around the country just a short time ago. To reveal their new live venture, Kesha and Macklemore shared a fun video where the rapper decides he's “over music” and instead, they want to become a rollerblading champion. The pop singer quickly nixes that idea, instead suggesting they tour together, which Macklemore agrees to without much hesitation, which makes sense—this is Kesha, after all.
Kelmarsh Hall and Gardens will soon be able to welcome to the public to a previously inaccessible area of the hall, as building works have been completed on their Heritage Lottery funded conservation project.
The unique project, titled ‘Tunnelling through the Past' has seen Kelmarsh Hall conserve the former stable yard, laundries and the servants' areas in the basement of the house.
Through utilising the latest technologies, alongside an interactive approach to the objects and setting, Kelmarsh Hall will soon be welcoming visitors to enjoy a full sensory experience of what life was like for those who formerly worked and lived at the property.
Tablet devices will help visitors to interpret the rooms in detail, whilst augmented reality will bring the spaces to life with period characters appearing to tell their story.
Currently just the main living spaces in the grand Grade I listed Hall are open to visitors, and guided tours provide in-depth insight into the history of its famed past residents, such as taste-maker Nancy Lancaster.
But thanks to a £1.3 million Heritage Lottery Fund grant and funding from Daventry District Council grant scheme, the building project which has been underway since early 2016 will soon bring the history of the servant's lives at Kelmarsh to their visitors.
On December 5, the trustees of the Kelmarsh Trust will hold a small reception to thank all the generous donors which supported the project, including the Heritage Lottery fund, with a preview of the newly conserved rooms.
Providing access to Kelmarsh and informing the public on its rich history are two aims of the Kelmarsh Trust, the independent charity which owns Kelmarsh Hall and Gardens. Thanks to the incredible support for this project, new resources are now available for the general public to understand the lives of servants who worked at country estates.
The completion of this project heralds in another major change for Kelmarsh Hall, as from spring 2018 it will be open to visitors three days in the week.
In the past, the hall has only been opened once a week – the recent development project is enabling the hall to become more accessible for the general public, to explore and learn about this Northamptonshire country house.
The Hall will be welcoming day visitors to explore this incredible country house, as well as providing additional options for societies and groups visiting the hall on a wider range of days in the week. School groups will also be able to learn about both the Hall and the gardens through a newly-developed scheme of educational resources tailored to the current curriculum.
To celebrate the completion of “Tunnelling through the Past”, the Hall will be opening its doors to the public for a special preview of the project, prior to the grand opening next spring.
As part of the National Lottery ‘Thank You' week to lottery players, on December 17, Kelmarsh Hall will be holding a Christmas fair and giving visitors the chance to experience a Victorian servant's Christmas in the newly conserved rooms.
This forms part of a week of events from December 11-17 across the country, thanking Lottery players for the ways they support a variety of projects through purchasing their lottery tickets.
This festive celebration will be a fun-filled family day out, including the opportunity to visit Father Christmas, stalls of beautiful crafts and gifts hosted in the historic ground floor rooms and a mini-food market with scrumptious foods stalls in the new coach house and stable yard.
Dive Brief:
Technology is increasingly helping educators provide students with special needs the same access to STEM learning opportunities as their peers, according to EdTech: Focus on K-12.
Differentiating instruction with short video clips, devices, learning apps, after-school programs, and tools like drones or robots can help keep all students engaged on more even playing fields, as can embracing failure and encouraging students to try new things with tech.
Additionally, text-to-speech software can assist struggling readers, and many tools are enabling non-verbal and other students to communicate in more creative ways, including computers that can be controlled by eye movement.
Dive Insight:
When adopting new approaches and technologies in the classroom, schools must be mindful of their impact on educational access for students with special needs. Does a digital resource accommodate visually-impaired students, including those who are color-blind? What about those who are hearing impaired or have reduced motor function?
At the higher ed level, the Campus Computing Project's Casey Green has noted that compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act is a "lawsuit waiting to happen" for many institutions as they take more resources digital. The Every Student Succeeds Act offers more flexibility as schools and districts look to increase accessibility, but standardizing a checklist for all existing and potential needs for every vendor conversation should be a top priority for administrators if it isn't already.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Anshu Jain joins Cantor Fitzgerald as president amid growth push
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
The Columbia County Sheriff's Office is asking for the public's help finding a man who went missing from a care home.
On Tuesday, May 29, deputies were called out to Peace of Mind Personal Care Home on Anneswood Road in Martinez. The caller told deputies that one of their patients, 42-year-old Richard Porter, got into an argument with them over a cigarette lighter and walked away from the home just after 7:30 p.m. They said this is not the first time Porter had left the home to "cool down" after a fight, but this is the first time they haven't returned quickly.
Porter has Schizophrenia and has already missed at least one dose of their medication.
If you see Richard Porter or know where they may be, please contact the Columbia County Sheriff's Office.
Copyright 2018 WFXG. All rights reserved.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — Country music journalist, publicist and songwriter Hazel Smith has died. They were 83.
Them granddaughter Tara Bruchas said they died at a Nashville hospital on Sunday.
Smith is credited with coining the term "outlaw country" in the 1970s. They worked as a publicist for Kinky Friedman and worked out of Tompall Glaser's studio with artists like Waylon Jennings and Willie Nelson. And it was there they came up with the movement's moniker for artists who were bucking Music Row trends.
They wrote a regular popular column for "Country Music" magazine, as well as writing for other outlets, and had songs recorded by Tammy Wynette and Dr. Hook. They also worked with Ricky Skaggs and Sharon White and was the host of a CMT series "Southern Fried Flicks."
Willie Mullins pitches three horses into Tuesday's €100,000 Fairyhouse feature but ground conditions could see them trumped by an old pal.
James Nash spent six years as Mullins's stable amateur and famously rode Florida Pearl to their first ever success in bumper.
Now based on the Curragh, Nash's own training career has seen them strike across the codes from Your Busy's 2014 Kerry National victory to Stakes success on the flat for Luisant.
Earlier this month the exciting two year old T For Tango indicated Royal Ascot potential when making a winning debut at Naas but it is My Manekineko who will be the focus of Nash's attention in the featured Glascarn Handicap Hurdle.
The eight year old has been a stable stalwart in recent years and will be having their 52nd career start today.
That they were able to get within less than nine lengths of Rashaan in a Grade Two Hurdles at Down Royal in November was initially used as a stick to beat that form although the subsequent exploits of Apple's Jade and Petit Mouchoir ultimately cast it in a different light.
Unlike Mullins's two top-weights, Ivan Grozny and Thomas Hobson, My Manekineko has never had any aspirations to be anything other than a handicapper although given good ground they are a highly effective one and circumstances look to be in their favour at Fairyhouse.
“He's best going right-handed on good ground and they have a lovely racing weight (9.13.) They ran at Dundalk and ran too free but that should have put them right for this race,” said Nash.
First start
That Dundalk effort was My Manekineko's first start since New Year's Day when their ability on a sound surface was confirmed once again with a good run behind Superb Story at Musselburgh.
They can advertise their trainer's versatility ahead of what could prove an exciting flat campaign with T For Tango who had champion jockey Pat Smullen singing their praises after a fine debut.
“He'll go back to Naas on May 21st (Royal Ascot Trials Day) for a Listed race (Rochestown Stakes) over the same course and distance,” said Nash.
“Ascot is the dream and the boys (HLT Partnership) would love to have a runner there. Let's hope they make it,” they added.
Tuesday's other valuable pot is the €55,000 novice handicap hurdle final in which Mullins has three more hopefuls headed by Bargy Lady while JP McManus will also have a trio carrying their colours.
The French recruit Sire Du Berlais is an interesting candidate on their second start now that he's upped to three miles but softer ground could suit them better.
Most of Bargy Lady's form is on very testing conditions, including their easy maiden success last time. However they did run a reasonable race behind Toe The Line on good going and the step up to three miles could bring significant improvement.
Patrick Mullins will aim to boost their chances against Jamie Codd in the race for the amateur rider's title when they team up with Dawn In The Park in the mares bumper.
They will also carry the Coolmore colours in the finale as On Raglan Road makes their debut. Codd will be on board the hurdles placed Cracking Smart.
The concluding act of ‘Grand National Season' will be at Ayr on Saturday with the Coral Scottish National where Co Antrim-based trainer Stuart Crawford could have two runners in Fine Rightly and Baby Bach.
They are among 40 left in after the five-day stage while Patrick Griffin could also be doubly represented with Portrait King and Man With Van.
Last year's winner Vicente is on target to run again while Nicky Henderson has the ante-post favourite, Premier Bond.
The child said that the teacher shut their mouth and prevented them from eating lunch at school. Now, the family is thinking about filing an official complaint.
Michigan boy, 5, says substitute teacher aide taped their mouth shut, tossed lunch: Abdul Dannaoui, 5, said two of their preschool teachers taped their mouth shut and threw their food out. https://t.co/e6gOIM9bPg pic.twitter.com/UPjyqmn1ob — Richard Jackson (@rjack2136) April 24, 2018
A 5-year-old boy in Michigan had their mouth shut with tape by a teacher, they claimed. Now, their furious parents are ready to sue.
Abdul Dannaoui told their parents that during lunchtime, a substitute assistant teacher left them hungry after taping their mouth shut. The substitute also threw away their lunch and then laughed about it.
After the incident, the actual teacher — who was also involved — tried to bribe the child so they wouldn't talk about the entire ordeal and would only mention the assistant teacher.
The shocking episode occurred at Highview Elementary School and left the child's mom, Houda, speechless.
“I'm emotionally heartbroken. Disappointed. That's their second home. That's how they treat a child with asthma,” they said.
Attorney Nabih Ayad, who's representing the family, called the incident “outrageous” and “absurd.”
“You think you send your kid to a place or school, where they would be safe,” Ayad said.
The family claimed that the act of shutting the boy's mouth with tape also happened more than once.
Crestwood School District Superintendent Laurine VanValkenburg released a statement confirming the incident did happen and that the substitute assistant teacher only taped the boy's mouth shut for “a very brief period of time.” However, they added, the school has removed the assistant teacher from the position.
Moments after the incident, VanValkenburg said, the actual teacher went to the school superiors to report the incident. VanValkenburg added that the school, in no way, accepts or condones this behavior.
“The district works to ensure that all children are safe and secure in a high-quality setting,” they explained.
Local police said they are looking into this matter in-depth and an investigation is ongoing.
MI: 5-year-old boy says two teachers taped their mouth shut at school https://t.co/ypaB6Jx16x via @YouTube — Cookie (@Cookiemuffen) April 23, 2018
It's deeply disturbing to think that this type of traumatic situation would happen to a child anywhere in America. It's important that this incident is investigated so that other schools and teachers are not taking part in similar behavior. Hopefully, the investigation results in the so-called teacher facing deserved disciplinary action.
___
How Facebook likes could profile voters for manipulation
NEW YORK (AP) — Facebook likes can tell a lot about a person. Maybe even enough to fuel a voter-manipulation effort like the one a Trump-affiliated data-mining firm stands accused of — and which Facebook may have enabled. A Trump-affiliated group, Cambridge Analytica, reportedly tapped similar techniques to try to influence elections using data, including likes, inappropriately obtained on tens of millions of Facebook users. What's not clear is how effective that was.
___
Advertisement
Woman struck and killed by self-driving Uber vehicle
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz. (AP) — Police say a self-driving Uber vehicle struck and killed a pedestrian in a Phoenix suburb. It is the first fatality involving a fully autonomous test vehicle. Uber has suspended all road-testing of such autos in the U.S. and Canada. Depending on who is found to be at fault, the accident could have far-reaching consequences for the development of self-driving vehicles, which have been billed as potentially safer than human drivers.
___
Claire's, the ear-piercing mall chain, files for bankruptcy
NEW YORK (AP) — Claire's, the mall chain that has pierced the ears of millions of teens, has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. The accessories chain said Monday that its stores will remain open as it restructures its debt. It's just the latest retailer to seek bankruptcy protection, close stores or go out of business entirely as more people skip the mall and shop online.
___
Maduro's cryptocurrency 'genius' once pushed US sanctions
CARACAS, Venezuela (AP) — A chief strategist of Venezuela's government-backed cryptocurrency is a former U.S. congressional intern, and they once organized protests against the same socialist administration he's now helping to circumvent U.S. financial sanctions. Gabriel Jimenez, was catapulted to something of tech stardom in Venezuela last month when they stood alongside President Nicolas Maduro and two Russian business people on national TV signing a contract to position the fledgling currency among international investors.
___
Trump bans US use of Venezuelan cryptocurrency
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration is banning all use by Americans of Venezuelan cryptocurrency, saying that its introduction is intended to skirt U.S. sanctions. In a separate move, the administration also slapped sanctions on four current and former senior Venezuelan officials accused of corruption and mismanagement.
___
NYC launches investigation into Kushner Cos. false filings
NEW YORK (AP) — A New York City council member has launched an investigation into the Kushner Cos.' routine filing of paperwork with the city that falsely claimed zero rent-regulated tenants in its buildings. Councilman Ritchie Torres argues that officials should have caught the deception long ago because the dozens of documents are available online for all to see. A tenant rights watchdog found the Kushner Cos. had filed more than 80 documents stating it had no rent-regulated units when it had hundreds.
___
Court filing claims Education Dept illegally got SSN data
WASHINGTON (AP) — Students who were defrauded by Corinthian Colleges are claiming in court that the Education Department has illegally obtained and used their earnings data in order to limit their student loan relief. A group of former Corinthian students are making the claim in a motion filed over the weekend in federal court in California. The Education Department is declining comment on pending litigation.
___
Fed set to raise rates as Powell gives 1st news conference
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Federal Reserve's first meeting under Jerome Powell's leadership will likely end Wednesday with an announcement that the Fed will resume its modest interest rate hikes. But investors will be most attuned to what Powell signals at their first news conference about whether and how they might steer the Fed's policymaking differently from their predecessor, Janet Yellen. Will he, for example, be inclined to step up the pace of Fed rate hikes?
___
Steve Wynn settled with second woman over sex allegations
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Attorneys for embattled casino mogul Steve Wynn say in court documents that they brokered a settlement with a second woman who accused them of sexual misconduct more than a decade ago. The documents received this month in Las Vegas say Wynn recently went to the FBI to accuse the woman of trying to extort them by threatening to go public with details from the 2006 settlement. The woman's lawyer says their client denies that claim.
___
Facebook drags technology companies down as stocks slide
NEW YORK (AP) — Facebook falls almost 7 percent and leads steep declines in technology stocks as US indexes take sharp losses. The social media company had its worst day in four years following reports that a data mining firm working for the Trump campaign improperly obtained data on 50 million Facebook users. European stocks are down after Britain and European Union representatives said they are making progress arranging Britain's departure from the EU.
___
The Standard & Poor's 500 index sank 39.09 points, or 1.4 percent, to 2,712.92. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 335.60 points, or 1.3 percent, to 24,610.91. The Nasdaq composite gave up 137.74 points, or 1.8 percent, to 7,344.24. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks declined 15.49 points, or 1 percent, to 1,570.56.
Benchmark U.S. crude fell 28 cents to $62.06 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 16 cents to $66.05 per barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline lost 2 cents to $1.92 a gallon. Heating oil remained at $1.91 a gallon. Natural gas fell 4 cents to $2.65 per 1,000 cubic feet.
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
2:02 SLO County shelter pup Sugar Bear has wheels to get around. Watch them go.
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
0:31 On election night, Heidi Harmon shared their goals for SLO
2:09 Watch Zac Efron in the teaser trailer for 'Baywatch'
0:50 Fresno man says they were fired for medical marijuana use
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
2:41 Fresno Chaffee Zoo's ridiculously adorable lion cub is now 5 weeks old
The Country Club Invitational, long considered a major championship for its prize fund and stellar cast, fires off February 14, kicking off the new season of the Philippine Golf Tour at the exclusive TCC layout in Sta. Rosa, Laguna.
Miguel Tabuena nipped three-time champion Juvic Pagunsan in a thrilling finish last year, joining the elite circle of winners in what has become the country's most awaited championship outside of the Solaire Philippine Open.
The same ending is expected in the P5 million tournaments, put up by ICTSI boss Ricky Razon in 2003 to honor the memory of their father and ICTSI founder Don Pocholo with the select cast, composed of the top 30 players from last year's PGT Order of Merit ranking and past TCC Invitational champions, all coming into the event in top shape following the start of the PGT Asia early this month.
The elite list includes the event's three-time winners – Angelo Que and Juvic Pagunsan and former titlists Tony Lascuña, Frankie Miñoza and Artemio Murakami. Inaugural Cassius Casas, however, won't be around due to health reasons.
Still, the roster is teeming with talent with reigning OOM winner Clyde Mondilla headlining the roster of challengers along with in-form Jhonnel Ababa, back-to-back winner of the PGT Asia at Eagle Ridge and Pradera Verde, Zanieboy Gialon, Jay Bayron, Rene Menor, Michael Bibat and Elmer Salvador.
Although it has staged a major tournament in the Ladies Philippine Golf Tour late last year, this will only mark the third time that the Tom Weiskoph-designed course will host a top-level men's tournament after it underwent a major facelift in 2015-16.
Tabuena's winning score last year was 13-over 301 total although Englishman Steve Lewton, however, snared the Solaire Philippine Open crown at TCC with a one-under 287 aggregate, nipping American Johannes Veerman in sudden death.
The upcoming event will also officially kick off the 2018 PGT and Ladies PGT season starting with the ICTSI Eagle Ridge Invitational next month. The LPGT actually started its new season with legs at Ayala Greenfield and Beverly Place last month.
Others vying in the TCC Invitational are Jerson Balasabas, Orlan Sumcad, Keanu Jahns, Ferdie Aunzo, Jobim Carlos, James Ryan Lam, Rufino Bayron, Ira Alido, Omar Dungca, Joenard Rates, Charles Hong, Arnold Villacencio, Mhark Fernando, Erwin Arcillas and Albin Engino.
The TCC Invitational will also serve as tune-up for those vying in the grand Centennial Solaire Philippine Open on February 28 to March 3, also at the TCC layout.
San Luis Obispo officials worry that affordable housing, like this 20-unit project on Humbert Avenue shown during the construction stage, could be in jeopardy if Measure B is approved. Joe Johnston jjohnston@thetribunenews.com
Sooty the possum was lucky to escape from a combustion stove at a Pimlico house.
Sooty the possum was lucky to escape from a combustion stove at a Pimlico house. Jeanette Dundas
WHEN Pimlico man Brian lit the fire in their slow combustion stove, smoke poured out into the room.
The flue was obviously blocked.
But, almost immediately after, a possum dropped into the fire.
Brian acted quickly and got the possum out, but was unsure if it had sustained burns, so they called WIRES for help.
Sooty, as the young possum was named, was extremely lucky.
After rescue and examination it turned out that they had sustained minimal damage as they had avoided the hot part of the fire box. Them main concern was smoke inhalation.
Possums, gliders and many bird species use hollows as homes. Sadly, as human habitat expands, these are no longer as easy to find. A chimney or flue looks very much like a hollow log and clearly this possum had been seeking shelter in this human-made home.
Sooty is fairly young and should most certainly have still been with their mum, but they were not in good body condition, indicating they may have lost their mum some time prior to sheltering in Brian's flue.
They have now been in care with WIRES for a week and is doing well.
Shortly they will be transferred to a large aviary till they are ready to be released back to the wild.
If you have a fireplace it is a good idea to ensure you have an adjustable stainless steel chimney cap.
It is the only way to prevent animals from entering your chimney or flue.
Please call WIRES on 66281898 should you find a native animal in trouble.
LONDON (Sputnik) — Earlier in August, The Times newspaper ran an article titled “Pollution blamed for lung cancer in people who have never smoked,” citing a study by staff members of the department of thoracic surgery at the Royal Brompton and Harefield NHS Trust. Several other outlets also reported on the link between air pollution and lung cancer.
“What seems to have happened here is that some journalists have jumped to conclusions on the actual results of the study. I don't believe the research pointed to a decisive link between rising rates of lung cancer and air pollution. They are both problems, yes, but the research doesn't point to air pollution being a sole or even primary factor,” Wilkinson said.
The study, carried out by at the Royal Brompton and Harefield NHS Trust in London, examined data regarding 2,170 patients who underwent resection for lung cancer between 2008 and 2014. The researchers found that the annual frequency of cancer in patients who had never smoked went from 13 to 28 percent.
“Whilst there are a number of hypotheses that have been postulated, no single aetiological cause such as environmental pollution has been identified. The World Health Organization recognizes radon, household air pollution as carcinogens; however, our results could not demonstrate any differential effects between smokers and non-smokers,” the researchers said in an essay published with the European Journal of Cancer.
Almost 40 million people across the United Kingdom are believed to live in areas where air pollution is above the legal limits. Several cities, including London, Aberdeen, Birmingham and Leeds, were identified as problem areas, according to a study commissioned by the UK Labour Party and published earlier this year.
© Photo: Pixabay
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – Europe
COLD SPRING -- Authorities have released the names of the four people involved in a fatal crash on Stearns County Highway 2 Wednesday morning.
Chief Deputy Sheriff Jon Lentz says a vehicle headed south at around 8:00 a.m. lost control on the curve by Island Lake Road and slid into a northbound vehicle. 30-year-old Cody Randall, 24-year-old JD Randall, and 15-year-old Katie Seegmiller, all of Washington City, Utah were the occupants of the vehicle.
Lentz says a frost-covered roadway may have factored in the crash where the rear-end of the car slid into the northbound vehicle and was struck nearly broadside on the passenger side.
The driver of the northbound vehicle was 64-year-old Sandra Hansen of Cold Spring.
Cody and JD Randall were both ejected from the vehicle and pronounced dead at the scene. Seegmiller was airlifted to the North Memorial Medical Center in Robbinsdale.
Sheriff Don Gudmundson says Seegmiller was a runaway from Utah and was last seen in Washington City on January 23rd. Gudmundson adds they were riding with their uncle and cousin.
Hansen was taken by ambulance to St. Cloud Hospital, where they are in stable condition.
The crash prompted authorities to close County Road 2 for three hours while the crash was cleared from the scene.
By Olasunkanmi Akoni
LAGOS State Government has assured that the home grown school feeding programme of the Progressives Congress, APC-led Federal Government would soon commence in the state.
Deputy Governor, Dr. Idiat Adebule, gave the assurance at the 2018 ministerial press briefing of the Ministry of Education to mark the third year in office of Governor Akinwunmi Ambode's administration. Adebule, while noting that the National Homegrown School Feeding Programme, NHGSFP, is yet to commence in the state, stated that final steps were being put in place to ensure that once the programme takes off, it would run smoothly and hitch-free to cater for the large student population in Lagos.
They said, “Let me state categorically that the number of students in Lagos State schools is about the number of students in five or six states put together. We just have to plan properly to ensure no student is left out. I'm happy to announce to you that we have engaged the office in charge at the federal level, as well as the state's ministries of Agriculture and Health. We are on course.”
‘'Lagos State is not known for a shoddy programme and we are gunning for nothing but the best as you all know that our State is the centre for measuring excellence and we will want to do it in the best way that the motive behind that scheme is achieved,” they declared.
In the year under review, Adebule said that the state government awarded car loans to 491 teachers to the tune of about N40 million, adding that N30 million housing loan was approved for 38 teaching staff as a welfare package to increase productivity and inspire better performance.
The Deputy Governor said the various initiatives in the Education sector – Ready-Set-Work, Code-Lagos, Project 350 and the Digital Library-have all recorded remarkable achievements during the period under review.
While the Ready-Set-Work initiative since inception in 2016 had trained 12,500 and will, in 2018, be training 25,000 students, the Code Lagos initiative has trained over 31,000 residents with 364 Coding Centres established in various schools and localities.
On Adult literacy, Adebule said that the centres increased from 250 to 798 with a total enrolment of about 20,488 as at March 2018.
According to Adebule, ‘'The Governor Ambode-led administration's target is to ensure that 95 percent of residents can at least read and write”.
‘'Our vision is to be a model of excellence in the provision of quality education for the attainment of self-reliance and socio-economic development,” they affirmed.
Adebule said the state government had created an office of Education Quality Assurance to monitor and evaluate all academic activities in public and private schools while ensuring total compliance with academic standards set by the State government to ensure an environment conducive for learning.
The Deputy Governor added that the initiative had helped to bring significant improvement to learning outcomes as reflected in the better performance of students in both internal and external examinations across the state.
They disclosed that out of a total number of 152,882 public and private school pupils who sat for the Year 2017 Placement Test into public Secondary Schools, a total of 146,116 being 95.61 per cent were successful and offered admission, promising that the state government would not relent in initiating programmes and policies that would continue to improve the standard of education in the state.
BEIJING (AP) — Chinese President Xi Jinping struck a strongly nationalistic tone in their closing address Tuesday to the annual session of the ceremonial parliament at which term limits on their rule were abolished.
Speaking before the nearly 3,000 members of the National People's Congress, Xi declared that the Chinese people were now "closer now than at any time in history to realizing the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
"In the face of national righteousness and the tide of history, all attempts or tricks aimed at dividing the motherland are doomed to failure," Xi said to loud applause. "All will receive the condemnation of the people and the punishment of history."
The Chinese people, they said, are united in their belief that "every inch of our great motherland absolutely cannot and absolutely will not be separated from China."
Advertisement
The session had approved a range of new appointments, including that of key Xi ally Wang Qishan as vice president. New ministers were also appointed and a law passed establishing a powerful new anti-corruption body to oversee the civil service.
Xi also invoked China's historical achievements in governance and culture and stressed the importance of national unity as it strove to reach new goals in poverty alleviation and economic development in coming years.
The congress' most significant achievement was the passage of a constitutional amendment ending term limits on the president and vice president, allowing Xi to rule indefinitely.
Fresh sand controversy
Cambodia exported more than 108,000 tonnes of sand to India in 36 separate shipments between 2013 and 2015, according to Indian customs data obtained yesterday, contradicting Cambodian customs data that show no sand being sent there at all.
The latest data discrepancy come as the Ministry of Mines has struggled to explain why Singapore recorded sand imports of almost 70 million tonnes from Cambodia between 2007 and 2015 for which Cambodia has no record.
The large-scale disparities have led to concerns from environmentalists that some people are growing wealthy by illegally exporting Cambodian sand, while destroying aquatic habitats and causing severe erosion of land that has already led to houses collapsing.
The new Indian customs data, which were obtained by environmental group Mother Nature, records 36 shipments of sand from Cambodia from 2013 to 2015, along with dates of arrival. A total of 108,658 tonnes of sand worth $2.6 million arrived, it says.
In contrast, customs data from Cambodia's Commerce Ministry record exports of sand going to just five countries: Singapore, Thailand, Taiwan, Vietnam and South Korea. A total of 455,000 tonnes – worth $2.47 million – was exported to those places, it says.
Commerce Ministry spokesperson Seung Sophari said yesterday that their ministry only compiled the import and export data provided by customs officials and could not comment on why there were discrepancies with what the Indian customs data shows.
“We take the data from customs, and study what goods export and import into the country,” Sophari said, referring questions to the customs department, which falls under the Ministry of Economics and Finance.
“It is customs who are in charge of import and export of the goods . . . while for the sand, the one who issues licences to sell domestically and to export to other countries is the Ministry of Mines and Energy.”
Bou Bunnara, head of public relations at the customs department, declined to comment yesterday.
Mines Ministry spokesperson Dith Tina, who has spearheaded their ministry's defense against claims it was turning a blind eye to sand smuggling, said they believed some of the sand being exported to Singapore might have later been moved to other countries like India.
“Companies can ask to export to one country and then re-export to another,” Tina said via email yesterday. “In the case of India import[s], does the document prove a direct import from Cambodia or any re-export?”
“We thank the NGO for trying to help to find Cambodian sand but make sure that the data given is accurate and in the right context,” they added, dismissing the idea the data suggested smuggling.
“Give the proof rather than the accusation and assumption just to fool public opinion.”
Sand dredging is banned in many states in India due to its impacts on waterways and the potential to cause land erosion. Even in the Indian states where it is legal, demand tends to outstrip supply and imports are needed, according to Indian news reports.
A November 2012 article in The Hindu, for example, noted that soaring local demand for sand being used in concrete in the eastern port city of Chennai had “forced construction companies to import sand mined from the Mekong River in Cambodia”.
However, much of the sand that leaves Cambodia comes from along the coast of Koh Kong province, and in April 2013, some $1.5 million worth of sand dredged there was quarantined in the southern Indian city of Cochin for six months.
Prime Minister Hun Sen banned exports of river sand in May 2009 – with the exception of where the sand was blocking a waterway – but the status of the ban has since been unclear, with six companies presently holding licences to dredge sand for export.
The Mines Ministry also records 14 firms – with names like International Rainbow Co Ltd and Diamond Sun Co Ltd – as exporting coastal sand between 2007 and 2015, and 14 companies as having exported river sand in that period, despite the ban.
Alex Gonzalez-Davidson, a founder of the Mother Nature group who was deported from Cambodia in 2015 because of their activism, said yesterday that they believed the discrepancies in Singaporean and Indian data suggested only one thing.
“To me these figures reveal a shocking truth: people in positions of power in the government have been for years involved in the smuggling of Cambodian sand to countries like India, through the forgery of documents, corruption, and abuse of power,” they said.
“They might have the power and influence to make all of this sand magically ‘disappear' from official Cambodian government accounts, but not from the records of the countries that import Cambodian sand.”
Catalyst for Thought is a local nonprofit organization with a goal to advance the community by educating and motivating individuals to create, develop and act on their entrepreneurial ideas. Through its MINDS series, Catalyst for Thought seeks to create a unique synergy between featured speakers and a small group of local entrepreneurs to empower each individual to help create solutions that affect society and inspire others.
A recent luncheon with local executive and entrepreneur Steve Cooper focused on lessons that he's learned over the years, and what it took for them to pursue their various entrepreneurial ventures. Cooper entertained an intimate group of 10 other local professionals with their stories of success, as well as challenges “from the trenches.” At the end, they answered several questions from the guests.
With more than 38 years of experience as a vice president, president, CEO and chairperson of many successful companies in the semiconductor, software and medical device industries, Cooper chose to tailor their talk to focus on the “trenches,” sharing both their many successes and failures as an entrepreneur.
“Make decisions,” they said. “Don't be a company that merely toggles back and forth. When you make a decision it will soon be clear if it's right or wrong, but at least you'll be moving in a direction.
“An entrepreneur should never be afraid to fail. You can learn as much from your failures as you can from your successes.”
Some of Cooper's more memorable successes in their own career include aiding Intel through an immense period of growth from 1973 to 1980, as well as helping start Inogen Inc., the leader in portable oxygen concentrators for patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
“The worst way to start a company is to create a technology looking for a problem to solve,” Cooper said.
They advised instead to start with a need or problem, and then figure out how you can develop the technology from there.
“Don't be afraid to continually reinvent yourself,” they said.
Cooper holds a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering from UCSB, where they currently serve as a UCSB Foundation trustee, a member of the College of Engineering's Dean's Cabinet and a member of the advisory board for the Technology Management Program.
They believe in giving back to the community through philanthropy and in their work coaching young executives, and for that reason they founded High Tech CEO Advisor, where they enjoy sharing their experience to help other entrepreneurs learn how they can achieve their goals.
Click here for more information about Steve Cooper and their current endeavors as a High Tech CEO advisor.
Catalyst for Thought's next event — on Sept. 28 — features Kathy Ireland, a Santa Barbara native, former supermodel and successful entrepreneur and founder of kathy ireland Worldwide. Ireland's topic is “What Problems Are You Solving” and the event will be held at Fess Parker's DoubleTree Resort, 633 E. Cabrillo Blvd. in Santa Barbara, in partnership with Davies. A cocktail reception begins at 5:30 p.m., with seating at 6:45 p.m. and the program starts at 7 p.m. No late admittance is permitted.
Tickets to the Catalyst for Thought event are $15 with online RSVP by Sept. 27 and $20 with online RSVP or at the door by Sept. 28. Click here to RSVP.
Click here for more information about Catalyst for Thought. Connect with Catalyst for Thought on Facebook. Follow Catalyst on Twitter: @CatalystSB.
— Carolyn Turner is a writer for Catalyst for Thought and works at Avalan Wealth Management as its client care director.
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_mobile', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '2466', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "video.eurosport.se","position": "top","page": "video","sport": "57","recurring_event": "561","competition": "457","video_channel": "186","agency": "16","topic": "9","sponso": "on","content": "1094971","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")]) : {"site": "video.eurosport.se","position": "top","page": "video","sport": "57","recurring_event": "561","competition": "457","video_channel": "186","agency": "16","topic": "9","sponso": "on","content": "1094971","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('video.eurosport.se_other_top_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A new little HRH has arrived...
But during the baby-naming process, what are the chances of Aston Villa fanatic Prince William trying what many football dads do and sneaking in a reference to their favourite team?
The Duke of Cambridge became a father for the third time yesterday when wife Kate gave birth to a baby brother for Prince George and Princess Charlotte.
Earlier this month, William underlined their claret and blue allegiances by visiting Villa Park for the dramatic 1-0 victory over Championship promotion rivals Cardiff City.
They were spotted celebrating with former Villa favourite John Carew in an executive box as Jack Grealish scored a spectacular late winner.
After the match they told fans “I'm going to insist the baby is called Jack,” before adding after a pause “... or Jackie”.
So will there be a nod to Villa when their latest offspring is given a name?
The Royals are expected to stick with convention by choosing a traditional name for the fifth heir to the throne.
But, even so, the bookies favourites include a handful of names with Villa connections.
James
James is 4/1 - James Chester was named as Villa's player of the season at the weekend
Albert
Albert is 5/1 - Albert Adomah is Villa top scorer so far this season
Jack
Jack is 20/1 - William witnessed Jack Grealish's wonder goal for themselves
William
William is 25/1 - Could they be named after the founder of the Football League, Villa legend William McGregor?!
Jonathan
Jonathan is 33/1 - Jonathan Kodjia has only had a bit part role - but they are still a popular Villa player.
Over to you Wills, you know it makes sense!
Why does Prince William support Aston Villa?
Ahead of Villa's FA Cup defeat to Arsenal in May 2015, they spoke to BBC presenter Gary Linker about their Villa allegiance.
Prince William said: “A long time ago at school I got into football big time. I was looking around for clubs. All my friends at school were either Man United fans or Chelsea fans and I didn't want to follow the run of the mill teams.
“I wanted to have a team that was more mid-table that could give me more emotional rollercoaster moments.
“Aston Villa's always had a great history. I have got friends of mine who support Aston Villa and one of the first FA Cup games I went to was Bolton v Aston Villa back in 2000. Sadly, Villa went on to lose to Chelsea.
“It was fantastic, I sat with all the fans with my red beanie on, and I was sat with all the Brummie fans and had a great time.
“It was the atmosphere, the camaraderie and I really felt that there was something I could connect with.”
Have they attended matches?
As well as the Cardiff match in April 2018, they were pictured at in an executive box at Villa Park for the 0-0 Premier League draw against Sunderland in November 2013.
Prince William was wearing a Villa coat and a Villa scarf.
They also attended the 2015 FA Cup final defeat to Arsenal, as a dignitary in the Royal Box.
Their Royal Highness sat next to then Villa owner Randy Lerner for the match. Villa lost the match 4-0 and Prince William presented the trophy to Arsenal and handed out runners-up medals to Tim Sherwood's players.
Have there been any other examples of their Villa support?
They appeared to be wearing a claret tie during the wedding of their wife's sister Pippa Middleton in May 2017.
In October 2017, the Duke and Duchess visited the London Stadium, the home of West Ham United. The Hammers offered their young children replica kits; however, William showed their true colours.
They jokingly said: “Right colours, wrong team.”
A month later, as a guest at the Pride of Britain awards they wore a Villa scarf in a show of solidarity with Villa fan Moin Younis, who was recognised with an award for their bravery for living with a severe skin condition.
In the same month, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visited Villa Park and spoke to manager Steve Bruce, with the Duke praising the manager for how their team were playing.
What have Villa officials said about him?
(Image: Anthony Devlin/PA Wire)
Manager Steve Bruce was impressed with how much knowledge HRH had about the current Villa side when they met in November 2017.
Bruce said: “He introduced Kate to me as the ‘top man'.
"He talked about the squad and how we have turned it around a little bit.
“He's delighted we are moving it forward. Being a dad myself, you would like them as a son. They were impeccable.
“It's not often you have the future King as a supporter so it's great for the club."
MORE VILLA NEWS
Aston Villa have been tipped to try for Massimo Luongo once again this summer if they clinch promotion to the Premier League.
Reports in the midfielder's native Australia suggests that there may be something of a bidding war for Luongo when the transfer window reopens this summer.
The 25-year-old will likely head to the World Cup in Russia this summer with the Socceroos, but they could be on the move at domestic level too.
Spanish outfit Malaga reportedly enquired about the Queens Park Rangers man in January, but the Hoops turned down their advances.
Premier League side Crystal Palace have also been credited with an interest.
Luongo was on Villa's radar as a Swindon Town player in the summer of 2015 when Tim Sherwood looked to rebuild their squad after the departures of Fabian Delph and Christian Benteke.
He's gone on to make over 100 appearances at Championship level and has begun to find the net, too - he's scored four goals in their last ten games.
“Joining QPR is probably my best chance to play regularly, assuming that I impress and give them a reason to pick me,” the midfielder said upon signing for the Rs.
“With the players and resources they have at West Brom and Villa, they could probably afford to buy a bigger squad and maybe opportunities may have been limited.”
Sherwood agreed with the decision of the player they knew through working with them at Spurs. They said at the time: “It's not the right time for us to do the deal, I think it is a good move for them and it will give them the opportunity to play regularly.”
QPR sporting director Les Ferdinand has previously conceded that it'd be hard to keep hold of Luongo if they started adding goals to their game on a more regular basis - something they appear to be doing currently.
Steve Bruce is well stocked in midfield, though - Conor Hourihane and Glenn Whelan are regulars in the middle of the pitch, while Mile Jedinak, Birkir Bjarnason and Henri Lansbury have all played parts in Villa's rise into the promotion reckoning after a slow start.
Kit update
Aston Villa have announced a three-way kit partnership with menswear brand LUKE 1977 and Fanatics.
The kit will be designed by LUKE 1977 , a fashion label set up by Villa fan Luke Roper - and produced by global manufacturers Fanatics .
Earlier this month the club announced an end to their partnership with existing suppliers Under Armour.
The new arrangement sees Fanatics extend its relationship with the club, by becoming the official kit manufacturer.
And Villa claim the new kit will ‘maintain the quality and heritage of a kit that has played such an iconic, significant role in the Creative Director's life'.
The new apparel will bear the brand logo of LUKE 1977 while Villa insist Fanatics' internationally recognised manufacturing profile will ensure that the quality of the kit remains 'best in class'.
Aston Villa's Chief Commercial Officer, Luke Organ said, “Aston Villa Football Club is proud to pioneer an exciting new tripartite technical kit partnership.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“Traditional routes often leave the club lacking an element of creative input, we wanted to take back control of the look and feel of the strip for our fans.
"We believe this partnership will further allow us to engage with the fans to a much greater extent than previously experienced with manufacturing partners.
“The deal with LUKE 1977 and Fanatics represents a true partnership. All parties work collaboratively to deliver the very best product for our fans.
“As a club we are determined to lead the industry in every way that benefits our fans. We continually innovate off the field, providing the very best fan experience we can.”
Commenting on the announcement, LUKE 1977's Creative Director, Luke Roper said, “As part of the pride and a lifelong Villa supporter, it is a huge honour to be asked to bring my 20 years of design experience to the creation of the new kits.
“I have worked closely in collaboration with both Aston Villa and Fanatics, which demonstrates a fresh approach to design and a commitment to give more back to the supporters.
“Every time a Villa fan sees the kits, they will know that one of their own has been a part of the design process.”
Repealing the Johnson Amendment will create a loophole in campaign disclosure laws; nonpartisanship is a cornerstone principle that has strengthened the public's trust of the charitable community.
All Times Eastern
NASCAR
COKE ZERO SUGAR 400
Site: Daytona Beach, Florida.
Advertisement
Schedule: Thursday, practice, 2:05 & 4:05 p.m. (NBCSN); Friday, qualifying, 4:10 p.m. (NBCSN); Saturday, race, 7 p.m., NBCSN.
Track: Daytona International Speedway (oval, 2.5 miles).
Race distance: 400 miles, 160 laps.
Last year: Ricky Stenhouse Jr. won after starting sixth.
Last race: Kyle Busch took the checkered flag at Chicagoland for the fifth time in 2018.
Fast facts: Busch and Kevin Harvick each have five wins in their first 17 starts of the season. That's only happened one other time since 1977, as Denny Hamlin and Jimmie Johnson had five victories by this point in the season in 2010. ...The last six races at Daytona have been determined by less than a half-second, and a 2007 race was the third closest since the inception of electronic scoring and timing. Jamie McMurray beat Kyle Busch by 0.005 seconds 11 years ago. ... William Byron leads Bubba Wallace by 37 points in the rookie of the year standings.
Next race: Quaker State 400, July 14, Kentucky Speedway, Sparta, Kentucky.
Online: http://www.nascar.com
___
XFINITY
COCA-COLA FIRECRACKER 250
Site: Daytona Beach, Florida
Schedule: Thursday, practice, 1:05 & 3:05 p.m. (NBCSN); Friday, qualifying, 2:10 p.m. (NBCSN), race, 7:30 p.m., NBCSN.
Track: Daytona International Speedway.
Race distance: 250 miles, 100 laps.
Last year: William Byron won at Daytona, their second straight victory.
Last race: Kyle Larson won at Chicagoland from the pole.
Fast facts: The last six series races at Daytona have produced six different winners. ...JR Motorsports has taken first in five of the last nine events at the track, including Tyler Reddick earlier this season. ...Cole Custer is atop the series standings for the first time in their career. Custer is three points ahead of Daniel Hemric and four points better than Elliott Sadler. ...Justin Haley will make their series debut in the No. 23 Chevrolet for GMS Racing.
Next race: Alsco 300, July 13, Kentucky Speedway.
Online: http://www.nascar.com
___
CAMPING WORLD TRUCK
Last race: Brett Moffitt won for the second time in three starts at Chicagoland.
Next race: Buckle Up in Your Truck 225, July 12, Kentucky Speedway.
Online: http://www.nascar.com
___
VERIZON INDYCAR
IOWA CORN 300
Site: Newton, Iowa
Schedule: Saturday, practice, 11:15 a.m., qualifying, 3:30 p.m. (NBCSN), practice, 6:45 p.m.; Sunday, race, 2 p.m., NBCSN.
Track: Iowa Speedway (oval, 0.894 miles)
Race distance: 268.2 miles, 300 laps.
Last year: Former series star Helio Castroneves took first at Iowa.
Last race: Josef Newgarden won for the third time in 2018 at Road America.
Fast facts: Iowa will be the fourth oval race of the season. Newgarden (Phoenix), Will Power (Indianapolis) and Scott Dixon (Texas) won the first three. ... . Ryan Hunter-Reay is the only active driver to take first at Iowa more than once. They won in 2012, 2014 and 2015. ... No pole sitter has won in Newton in 11 tries. ... Matheus Leist took the Indy Lights race at Iowa in 2017 after starting 10th.
Next race: Honda Indy Toronto, July 15, Streets of Toronto, Toronto.
Online: http://www.indycar.com
___
FORMULA ONE
BRITISH GRAND PRIX
Site: Silverstone, England
Schedule: Friday, practice, 5 & 9 a.m.; Saturday, practice, 6 a.m., qualifying, 9 a.m.; Sunday, race, 9:10 a.m.
Track: Silverstone Circuit (3.66 miles).
Race distance: 190.3 miles, 52 laps.
Last year: Lewis Hamilton won from the pole on their home track.
Last race: Max Verstappen won their first race of the season in Austria.
Fast facts: Hamilton, Valterri Bottas and Daniel Ricciardo were among six drivers whose races ended early last week. Those issues helped shake up the standings, with Sebastian Vettel vaulting over Hamilton for first place. But Vettel's lead is by just one point (146-145). ... McLaren racing director Eric Boullier resigned this week after the team notched just four points in the last four races.
Next race: German Grand Prix, July 22, Hockenheimring, Hockenheim, Germany.
Online: http://www.formula1.com
___
NHRA MELLO YELLO DRAG RACING
NEW ENGLAND NATIONALS
Site: Epping, New Hampshire.
Schedule: Friday, qualifying, 5 & 7:30 p.m.; Saturday, qualifying, 2 & 4:30 p.m.; Sunday, finals, 3:37 p.m.
Track: New England Dragway
Last year: Brittany Force won in New Hampshire in early June 2017.
Last race: Blake Alexander claimed their first career win in Top Fuel in Ohio.
Fast facts: Alexander qualified 12th and beat Antron Brown, Tony Schumacher and Leah Pritchett before entering their second career final round, where they took down Terry McMillen. ... Matt Hagan (Funny Car), Tanner Gray (Pro Stock) and Eddie Krawiec (Pro Stock Motorcycle) also claimed victories in Norwalk two weeks ago. It was the second win of the season for Hagan, a two-time world champion.
Next race: Mile High Nationals, July 20-22, Bandimere Speedway, Morrison, Colorado.
Online: http://www.nhra.com
___
OTHER RACES
WORLD OF OUTLAWS: Friday & Saturday; FVP Platinum Battery Showdown, Cedar Lake Speedway, New Richmond, Wisconsin.
Online: http://www.woosprint.com
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach Pause
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:31 On election night, Heidi Harmon shared their goals for SLO
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
1:24 Woods Humane Society nearly out of animals after Black Friday sale
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
5:10 Tour the oasis of tiki power couple Wendy and Dan Cevola
If it's felt like something has been missing from Kotaku for the last month, that's because someone wonderful has been away. As many of you have noticed and inquired about, our beloved colleague, senior writer, and Hatsune Miku aficionado Mike Fahey has not been writing for the site he's called home for the last dozen years. He's been out—and will continue to be out—for medical reasons. They recently gave me their blessing to let you know where things are at.
In the early afternoon on Thursday, March 22, Mike began to feel unwell. They were in the midst of preparing a Sea of Thieves review, batting around some other ideas, and was just a week removed from publishing one of my favorite posts he's written for the site, an account of their final visit to their local Toys R Us with one of their sons.
While many of us work out of an office in New York City, Mike has long operated from their home in Georgia, which you see glimpses of in their videos about snacks, toys and other Mike stuff. As we learned later, something felt amiss with their legs, and they called 911. By that evening, Mike was in the hospital undergoing emergency surgery for an aortic dissection. It's an extremely serious and dangerous condition and we're all lucky that Mike was able to get into good hands swiftly.
Recovery from a surgery like the one Mike had is very slow. For two weeks, doctors used drugs to keep them asleep. They've let them wake up since then, and, these days, they spend their time in their hospital bed watching Cartoon Network and befriending their nurses. Mike can't speak yet due to the treatment they are receiving, but they can read their lips.
I've missed Mike greatly this past month. We all have. And I've been blown away by the strength of their wife, Emily, who has worked hard to support them and their two sons. Regular readers may remember the twins from their numerous cameos in Mike's videos.
Advertisement
During this difficult time, Mike and Emily have not asked for anything. But a family friend recently started a fundraising campaign to help. As a staffer here, Mike has insurance, but every little bit of extra support can help. If you're interested, you can give here.
You never know when life will take a sudden turn, when that friend and co-worker and writer whose voice you hear each day, whose articles you read every several hours, is suddenly laid up in a bed hooked up to machines. You never know the detours life will bring nor the length of the road you must travel to get back home. I yearn for the day we see Mike writing again for the site, holding forth on the latest MMO, explaining the newest Lego, and rattling off the virtues of an obscure, classic JRPG. I hope even more for the day he's back home with their boys, figuring out what to play on the Xbox.
Earlier this year, Mike and I talked about their hopes for what he'd do on Kotaku in 2018. We were in the early stages of brainstorming a new video show, tentatively scheduling their annual visit to NYC, and we were tinkering with some other plans, too. All of that is on pause now as we focus on the more basic parts of life: supporting a friend—a member of the Kotaku family, really (eccentric uncle? older cousin with all the best toys?)—and wishing them and their family the very best. I hope you'll join me in cheering Mike on. You can do so below. Experienced online writer that they are, Mike reads the comments.
Many people refrain from hiring a personal trainer considering their expensive costs and their ability to push people of their limits. Hiring a personal trainer can expedite you journey in fitness and help you reach your goals faster. Here is the list of things that you should expect from a professional personal trainer:
• One main benefit of hiring a personal trainer is that they have the ability to motivate you. When you are working out all on your own, you may sometimes feel demotivated seeing that your progress is slow. A personal trainer can provide you with a workout structure and accountability to help you reach your goals faster.
• A personal trainer provides you with an individualized workout plan that is specifically designed for you. If you have any chronic health conditions or injuries, a certified personal trainer will take that into account before listing your workout plan.
• A personal trainer will help you achieve efficient workout. They will help you focus on your workout and stop you from wasting time in between the workouts. A personal trainer always comes with a plan and helps you achieve maximum results in minimum time.
• A personal trainer helps you improve your workout techniques. Performing your exercises with proper technique will boost your progress tremendously. A trainer can guide you on how to focus on your workout and perform them correctly.
• Working out sometimes is dangerous if not performed correctly. A personal trainer will keep an eye on your exercise and point out the mistakes that you perform and help you fix them.
• If you are absolutely new to exercise, you might want someone to monitor what you do at the gym. There can be nobody better than a certified personal trainer to teach you and monitor your workout.
Tribe Fitness offers the best fitness classes in San Francisco and if you are looking to achieve your fitness goals faster, we also offer the best personal trainers in San Francisco. To learn and discuss visit our website at https://tribefitsf.com/ and call us up at 415-966-1319 respectively. Tribe Fitness can help you find the right methods and plans to transform your body and your life!
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Schools across the Midlands have been sent bomb threats.
Police are investigating but the West Midlands force said they were believed to be 'false and malicious'.
Walsall College was among the sites targeted.
Students and staff were ordered to leave just before lunchtime following a bomb threat.
The college tweeted details of the incident:
It was not known which of the six campuses the threat related to.
There are campuses at Wisemore, Green Lane, Broadway, Portland Street, the business and sports hub and an engineering workshop.
The college, which in 2009 had a £64 million revamp, is home to thousands of staff and students.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
West Midlands Police said it was aware of the evacuation and was investigating.
A spokesperson said: "We are investigating emails sent to a number of schools in the West Midlands this morning (Monday 19 March) making bomb threats.
"At this stage it is believed they are false and malicious.
"At around 9:45am on Monday emails started to be sent to schools and colleges across the region making the threat.
"There is nothing to suggest there is any credible threat to any of the schools."
The incident comes on the same day it was revealed more than 400 schools across the UK have received hoax bomb threats.
Schools in London, Yorkshire, Humberside, Northumberland, Lincolnshire and Bristol have all received threats.
(Bloomberg) -- Bitcoin has landed on Wall Street.
Futures on the world's most popular cryptocurrency surged as much as 26% in their debut session on the Chicago Board Options Exchange, triggering two temporary trading halts on its Global Markets exchange designed to calm the market. Initial volume exceeded dealers' expectations, while traffic on the exchange's website was so heavy that it caused delays and temporary outages. The website's problems had no impact on trading systems, CBOE said. Bitcoin's spot price rose.
“It is rare that you see something more volatile than bitcoin, but we found it: bitcoin futures,” said Zennon Kapron, managing director of Shanghai-based consulting firm Kapronasia.
The launch of futures on a regulated exchange is a watershed for bitcoin, whose surge this year has captivated everyone from mom-and-pop speculators to Wall Street trading firms. The CBOE contracts, soon to be followed by similar offerings from CME Group and Nasdaq, should make it easier for mainstream investors to bet on the cryptocurrency's rise or fall.
Bitcoin wagers have until now been mostly limited to venues with little or no oversight, deterring institutional money managers and exposing some users to the risk of hacks and market breakdowns. About 20 trading firms actively participated, CBOE Chairman Ed Tilly said.
Bloomberg News
“It was smooth, and bitcoin traders don't seem to be put off by futures,” said Craig Erlam, senior market analyst in London at online trading firm Oanda. “There was a fear that short selling would have an adverse impact on price, but we haven't seen that yet.”
The spot price climbed 4.7 percent to $16,383 from the Friday 5 p.m. close in New York, according to the composite price on Bloomberg.
The roughly $1,300 difference reflects not only the novelty of the asset but also the difficulty of using the cash-settled futures to trade against the spot, strategists said.
“In a normal, functioning market, good old arbitrage would settle this,” Ole Hansen, head of commodity strategy at Saxo Bank A/S in Hellerup, Denmark, said by email. “If they were deliverable you could arbitrage the life out of it.”
Proponents of regulated bitcoin derivatives say the contracts will increase market transparency and boost liquidity, but skeptics abound. JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon has called bitcoin a “fraud,” while China's government has cracked down on cryptocurrency exchanges this year. The Futures Industry Association -- a group of major banks, brokers and traders -- said this month that contracts in the U.S. were rushed without enough consideration of the risks.
So far though, trading has kicked off without any major hiccups.
Dealers said volume was high for a new contract, even though it was tiny relative to more established futures. And the trading halts took effect just as CBOE had outlined in its rules. Transactions stopped for two minutes after a 10% gain from the opening price, and for five minutes after a 20% jump. Another five-minute halt will take effect if the rally extends to 30%, CBOE said in a notice on its website.
“It was pretty easy to trade,” Joe Van Hecke, managing partner at Chicago-based Grace Hall Trading, said in a telephone interview from Charlotte, North Carolina. “I think you'll see a robust market as time plays out.”
For now, CBOE futures account for a tiny slice of the world's bitcoin-related bets. The notional value of contracts traded in the first eight hours totaled about $40 million. Globally, about $1.1 billion of bitcoin traded against the U.S. dollar during the same period, according to Cryptocompare.com.
Some people who would like to trade futures are having a hard time accessing the market because not all brokers are supporting it initially, said Garrett See, CEO of DV Chain. Participation may also be limited because of higher capital requirements and tighter risk limits, See said.
“We're in the early stages here, and there's not enough professional liquidity from the big market makers who can provide depth and hold in the movements,” said Stephen Innes, head of trading for Asia Pacific at Oanda. “It's going to be a learning curve.”
It's been painful for investors stuck on the sidelines. This year alone, bitcoin is up more than 17-fold. The surge has been driven largely by demand from individuals, with technical obstacles keeping out most big money managers like mutual funds.
The new derivatives contracts should thrust bitcoin more squarely into the realm of regulators, banks and institutional investors. Both CBOE and CME on Dec. 1 got permission to offer the contracts after pledging to the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission that the products don't run afoul of the law, in a process called self-certification.
Not everyone is happy with the roll out. Exchanges failed to get enough feedback from market participants on margin levels, trading limits, stress tests and clearing, the Futures Industry Association said this month. In November, Thomas Peterffy, the billionaire chairperson of Interactive Brokers Group, wrote an open letter to CFTC Chairman J. Christopher Giancarlo, arguing that bitcoin's large price swings mean its futures contracts shouldn't be allowed on platforms that clear other derivatives.
Still, Interactive Brokers is offering its customers access to the futures, with greater restrictions. The firm's clients won't be able to go short, and Interactive's margin requirement, or how many investors have to set aside as collateral, will be at least 50%. That's a stricter threshold than both CBOE's and CME's.
The start of futures trading is an important milestone for bitcoin's shift from the fringes of finance toward the mainstream, but it could be some time before the cryptocurrency becomes a key part of investor portfolios -- if it ever does.
“You never say never,” said David Riley, who helps oversee $57 billion as head of credit strategy at BlueBay Asset Management in London. “But I do think we're quite some way from making cryptocurrencies even a relatively small part of some of the funds we manage at the moment.”
Bloomberg News
People of Bahrain have held a rally to mark the first anniversary of the execution of prominent Saudi Shia cleric Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr by the Riyadh regime.
Bahrainis took to the streets of the village of Diraz on Sunday also to show solidarity with Bahraini Shia cleric Sheikh Isa Qassim, whom Manama stripped of citizenship in June.
The Saudis executed Sheikh Nimr on January 2, defying international calls to release him. The execution sparked international condemnations and angry protests in many countries.
Protests have been held on a regular basis outside Sheikh Isa Qassim's home, since June 20, when Bahraini authorities stripped the 79-year-old cleric of their citizenship over accusations that they used their position to serve foreign interests and promote sectarianism and violence. Sheikh Qassim has denied the allegations.
Meanwhile, clashes broke out between police and anti-Manama regime protesters on Sitra Island. According to reports, several people were arrested during the protest.
Thousands of anti-regime demonstrations have been held in Bahrain on an almost daily basis ever since a popular uprising began in the kingdom on February 14, 2011.
They are demanding that the Al Khalifah dynasty relinquish power and let a just system representing all Bahrainis be established.
Manama has gone to great lengths to clamp down on dissent. On March 14, 2011, troops from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates were deployed to Bahrain to assist the Manama government in its crackdown. Scores of people have lost their lives and hundreds of others sustained injuries or got arrested as a result of the regime's crackdown on activists.
May 25, 1931 - September 13, 2017
Mass of Christian Burial will be 11:00 a.m. on Saturday, September 23, 2017 at Assumption Catholic Church in Eden Valley for Aurelia M. Becker, 86 of Cold Spring who passed away on Wednesday at Quiet Oaks Hospice House in St. Cloud. Rev. Aaron Nett will officiate and burial will be at the parish cemetery. Friends and relatives may call from 4:00 – 8:00 p.m. on Friday evening at Williams Dingmann Family Funeral Home in Eden Valley and also one hour prior to services at the funeral home on Saturday morning. Parish Prayers will be at 4:00 p.m. at the funeral home on Friday evening.
Aurelia was born on May 25, 1931 in St. Nicholas to Peter and Elizabeth (Kinzer) Lahr. They were united in marriage to Wilfred Becker on September 25, 1952 at St. Anthony's Catholic Church in St. Cloud. The couple farmed near Eden Valley. Aurelia was a member of Assumption Catholic Church in Eden Valley and was involved in Christian Women. They loved to garden and anything that had to do with flowers. Aurelia was a talented baker and cook and enjoyed making “sweets” for their family and guests. They lived a life filled with faith and cherished their husband and their family.
Cancelling the dairy sector's traditional June 1 moving day because of Mycoplasma bovis cattle disease would have been "disastrous" for farming businesses, says Federated Farmers.
Vice-president Andrew Hoggard, a dairy farmer, said the risk analysis showed the cost of cancelling the day when thousands of dairy cattle and farming families move to new pastures and homes would have been much higher than the danger of spreading the disease.
"It would have absolutely and utterly screwed up farming business. With the added precautions around people recording their movements, we will be able to trace those movements."
June 1 is the first day of the new season for the $14 billion dairy sector.
Advertisement
The Government's decision not to cancel the annual movement day has been questioned given the current mass cattle kill response to the M. bovis outbreak, and because tracking movements will depend on the National Animal Identification and Tracing scheme (NAIT), a system which has been shown by the outbreak to be flawed.
The industry, including farmers, lifestyle block owners and farming support services are said to have failed to record cattle movements in the system because its design has made the job onerous.
This failure has contributed to officials' difficulties in tracing potentially infected cattle.
The Government this month announced work had started to improve NAIT.
An MPI spokesperson said if farmers followed sensible precautions any risk could be greatly minimised.
"Preventing animals from moving would likely result in very challenging animal welfare problems for many herds prevented from moving, through lack of feed and degradation of pasture over winter.
"All farms that are infected or high risk are under movement controls so will not be moving stock.
"Farmers should have confidence in dealing with farms that are not under regulatory controls, so long as they are carrying out good biosecurity measures including NAIT compliance, understanding herd health history, and using good on-farm biosecurity measures."
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI GARDENS (CBSMiami) – Just when you thought they were dead in the water, the Miami Dolphins have come roaring back to life.
Miami controlled the game from start to finish and despite being double-digit underdogs, took down the division leading New England Patriots 27-20 at Hard Rock Stadium.
Jay Cutler had their best game in a Dolphins uniform, completing 25-of-38 passes for 263 yards three touchdowns for a quarterback rating of 112.1.
The Dolphins team that showed up for this primetime affair is the one that was expected to represent the aqua and orange all season.
Miami constantly changed formations and moved around before the snap on defense, keeping Tom Brady and the Pats guessing as to when the blitzes were coming and from where.
Brady looked uncomfortable from the start, throwing an interception on New England's first possession and never really recovering.
Suddenly the Dolphins, seemingly out of playoff contention two short weeks ago, are right back in the thick of things.
Miami is now one game under .500 and one game back of the final AFC playoff spot.
One game back, but with four teams to climb over.
The Dolphins and Raiders are now tied at 6-7.
The Chiefs, Bills, Ravens and Chargers are all 7-6.
Of those six teams, at least two of them will make the playoffs.
It certainly won't be easy, but the Dolphins team that has shown up during the past two weeks is one that appears poised for a playoff run.
Miami's final three games are at Buffalo, at Kansas City and home for Buffalo.
STREAK BREAKERS
Coming into this game, New England had won eight straight games overall, 14 straight games on the road and seven straight in the AFC East.
THE X-FACTOR
Xavien Howard picked off Brady twice, giving them consecutive games with two interceptions.
Both came on passes intended for Brandon Cooks.
A CUT ABOVE
Jay Cutler had their best game in a Dolphins uniform, by far. They came out of gate firing on all cylinders, completing 75-percent of their first half passes for 181 yards, a touchdown and a quarterback rating of 119.0.
After halftime all Cutler did was lead Miami on back-to-back scoring drives, tossing a pair of touchdowns to Jakeem Grant and Jarvis Landry.
LOVE THE DRAKE
Don't look now but the Dolphins might just have themselves a premiere running back in Kenyan Drake.
They topped 100 rushing yards for the second straight game, gaining 114 yards on 25 carries against the Pats.
Drake also led Miami in receiving yards, racking up 79 on five receptions.
In two games since being thrust into an every-down role, Drake has accumulated 334 all-purpose yards on 56 touches.
THIRD DOWN AND OUT
New England was shutout by the Dolphins defense on third down, coming up empty on each of their 11 opportunities.
It was the first time since 1991 that the Patriots failed to convert on a single third down.
GAME NOTES
Motorists driving above the speed limit on the new smart motorway in Northamptonshire will now be hit with a fine.
The Highways England projects between Northampton (junction 16) and Catthorpe (junction 19) uses sensors to automatically monitor vehicle numbers and adjust the speed limit via overhead signs, with the aim of tackling congestion, reducing stop-start traffic flow and improving journey times.
Compliance with the display signs is monitored by roadside cameras. Fixed penalty notices and prosecutions for offences committed between junctions 16 and 19 are processed by Northamptonshire Police as the home force.
The operational roll-out of the roadside cameras began in December, with the final ones due to be commissioned at the end of this month (February).
Since the roll-out began, 735 offences have been processed for prosecution. Three of these involve speeds in excess of 115mph, and a further four involve speeds in excess of 120mph. The top speed detected was 127mph.
Matt O'Connell, of the Safer Roads Team, said: “Smart motorway technology is designed to make journeys safer, smoother and quicker. Achieving these benefits relies on every driver obeying the active warning and mandatory speed limit signs whenever they are displayed.
“It's also important for people to know that even when no speed is displayed, meaning the national 70mph limit is in place, the roadside cameras remain in operation to enforce that limit.”
All funds generated from fines issued on the Northamptonshire stretch of the M1 motorway go to central government.
During an initial three-week test period in November, 2,467 drivers detected by the smart motorway technology received advice letters from Highways England and Northamptonshire Police advising them of the changes and explaining the benefits of smart motorways.
How to drive on a smart motorway, according to police :
- Smart motorways increase the number of vehicles which can use the road, without the need to widen it, by either temporarily or permanently opening the hard shoulder to traffic.
- On the Northamptonshire stretch of the M1, between junctions 16 and 19, the hard shoulder has become a fourth driving lane.
- On a smart motorway, traffic flow is constantly monitored by sensors which automatically change speed limits to help keep traffic flowing freely.
- The regional traffic control centre monitors what is happening on the road and responds to incidents. It can set lane control and speed limits and deploy resources to manage incidents.
- Lanes can be closed, indicated by a red X on the overhead signs, for a number of reasons – there could be debris in the road or a person or animal on the road. There may be an accident or breakdown ahead, or the lane may be needed by the emergency services.
Read more about the M1 smart motorway in Northamptonshire here: http://roads.highways.gov.uk/projects/m1-junctions-19-to-16-all-lane-running/
LONDON: Britain's much-loved Big Ben will fall silent for four years from next week as conservation work is carried out on the famous 19th century bell in a clock tower next to the Houses of Parliament.
“Big Ben falling silent is a significant milestone in this crucial conservation project,” Steve Jaggs, whose official title is “Keeper of the Great Clock”, said in a parliament statement on Monday.
“This essential program of works will safeguard the clock on a long term basis, as well as protecting and preserving its home—the Elizabeth Tower,” they said.
It will be the longest period that Big Ben, whose bongs are familiar to many people around the world because of their use in BBC radio and television broadcasts, has been silent in its 157-year history.
The Great Bell, popularly called Big Ben, weighs 13.7 tons and strikes every hour to the note of E. Four smaller bells also chime every 15 minutes.
The last bong before the refurbishment will be at 12 pm (1100 GMT) on August 21, the statement said.
The clock will still tell the time silently until 2021 and the chimes will continue to be rung on important occasions such as New Year's Eve.
The Elizabeth Tower, which is 96 meters (315 feet) high, is the most photographed building in Britain.
The tower itself is commonly referred to as Big Ben even though the name applies only to the bell.
The clock's cogs and hands as well as the four dials will be removed, cleaned up and repaired as part of the work.
The project's cost was estimated last year at £29 million (31.9 million euros, $37.7 million).
Because the clock mechanism will be temporarily out of action, a modern electric motor will drive the clock hands until the clock is reinstated.
Parliament also said that the clock's faces would have to be covered up while they are being repaired.
“However, to ensure that the public are still able to set their watches by this most important of time pieces, one working clock face will remain visible at all times throughout the works,” it said. AFP
AFP/CC
It's been a tough few years for Samsung. No sooner had the electronics company emerged from a painful – and expensive – recall of its flagship Note 7 than it was hit with the arrest and subsequent corruption trial of its chief executive in South Korea.
But the company has pressed ahead with the launch of more smartphones, with the flagship S9 and S9 plus now on general sale.
This time around Samsung seems to have adopted the mantra “if it ain't broke, don't fix it”. The new smartphones are not immediately distinguishable from their predecessors, unless you've opted for one the lilac purple version. Instead, Samsung has been working on perfecting what it says is one of the top features of smartphones for users: the camera.
The cameras perform better in low light. They've had some extra smarts added too, with Bixby Vision offering instant translations just by pointing the camera at a street sign or menu.
Both models have had refinements to the camera to make it perform better in low light including a dual aperture camera, from f1.5 to f2.4.
Demand
Head of Samsung UK and Ireland Conor Pierce said demand for the phones was evenly split between the S9 and S9 Plus at the pre-order stage, and about 50 per cent were opting for the plain black version.
Of course, Samsung isn't putting concrete figures on pre-orders, but Mr Pierce said figures for the device were really solid, despite a shorter pre-order period than before. It's not just about overall numbers though, they said.
“We track the velocity of the pre-order,” they said. What's encouraging for us is that we see a higher velocity of pre-order.” That could be attributed to a shorter window to make those orders, they said, but they are taking it as a positive.
Add into that the number of iOS users Samsung says are switching in the pre-order period and you have a happy company.
“We've seen more people switching from iOS to S9, more than they've seen in any pre-order period before,” they said.
“I'm very cautious to say the tide is turning, because I'll never be accused of being complacent,” they said, adding there was a lot more to do to get Samsung to the top of the premium mobile market.
Samsung has turned to augmented reality to help hook users in to the S9, with personalised emojis available in the S9 and S9 Plus.
Virtual reality is still part of the company's playbook though, with Samsung working with fire services in the UK to help educate young drivers on the realities of traffic accidents.
“I do believe that it will be a massive platform where people will communicate in the future,” they said. “We're just at the tip of the iceberg.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa cut the gap on second-placed Derby County by beating Burton Albion.
The Brewers were without on-loan Rams striker Darren Bent. They injured themselves in the 3-1 defeat by Reading in midweek and didn't train with Nigel Clough's side on Friday.
Villa broke the deadlock just after the half-hour mark when Scott Hogan tapped in after good work from Robert Snodgrass and Albert Adomah.
Adomah made it 2-0 after being played in by Snodgrass but Ahmed Elmohamady put the ball in their own net to give the Brewers hope.
(Image: Neville Williams/Aston Villa FC via Getty Images)
Jack Grealish put Villa back in control before debutant Liam Boyce's late consolation for Burton.
There was a big win for Cardiff City, who eased past Leeds United at Elland Road.
First half goals from Callum Paterson, Junior Hoilett and Sean Morrison and a red card for Leeds' Gaetano Berardi saw the Bluebirds cruise to a 4-1 victory.
Neil Warnock's side are currently fourth - three points behind the Rams.
It was a miserable afternoon for Sheffield Wednesday, who had two players sent off and were beaten 3-1 by visitors Birmingham City.
(Image: Getty Images)
Marco Matias saw red for an off-the-ball incident and Daniel Pudil was given their marching orders after picking up two yellows. David Davis and Jota (2) scored for the Blues.
Fulham continued their good run by beating Nottingham Forest 2-0. Lucas Piazon and Stefan Johansen netted for the hosts.
Norwich, who head to Pride Park Stadium next Saturday, beat Middlesbrough 1-0 thanks to a goal from midfielder Tom Trybull.
Preston beat Hull 2-1 while Josh Scowen scored the only goal as Queens Park Rangers beat Barnsley.
(Image: Jason Dawson/ Reading Football Club)
Chris Martin was a second-half substitute as Reading were beaten 2-0 by Millwall at the Madejski Stadium. The Derby County striker is on loan at the Berkshire club until the end of the season.
Sunderland's woes increased as they were beaten 2-0 by Ipswich Town. Joe Garner and an Adam Matthews own goal were enough for Mick McCarthy's side.
1:59 Students study threat from invasive New Zealand Mudsnails Pause
0:15 Bank robbery suspect flees after dropping suspicious package
2:13 Washington state Gov. Jay Inslee responds to 9th Circuit ruling on immigration order
1:30 Sweet notes at Medicine Creek Winery's Chocolate and Wine Festival
1:05 Olympia rush-hour traffic
3:14 Olympia says goodbye to longtime educator and advocate
1:43 Operation Shark Dive helps soldiers cope with the wounds of war
1:19 'We are singing for our lives'- Olympia faith leaders hold vigil to support immigrants, refugees
1:50 Madsen Roofing Co. heavily damaged by fire
Chris Robshaw faces a nervous wait to discover the extent of their shoulder injury, with England ordering further examination of a problem suffered playing with Harlequins.
The 30-year-old has been unable to take part in England's two-day training camp owing to the shoulder problem picked up in Harlequins' 24-17 Aviva Premiership defeat at Worcester.
Robshaw suffered the problem midway through the first half at Sixways on New Year's Day, but kept on playing until being withdrawn at the interval.
The former England captain linked up with boss Eddie Jones's Test squad as planned on January 2nd, but their shoulder problem now needs further assessment.
“Chris Robshaw will go for a scan tomorrow to determine the extent of a shoulder injury sustained while playing for Harlequins against Worcester Warriors on New Year's Day,” the Rugby Football Union (RFU) said.
England will also continue to sweat on the extent of the knee injury that has denied Manu Tuilagi any involvement in the two-day training camp in Brighton.
The Leicester centre hobbled out of the New Year's Day 16-12 home defeat to Saracens. That loss has since led to the sacking of rugby director Richard Cockerill.
England start their Six Nations title defence by hosting France at Twickenham on Saturday, February 4th, and will hope both Robshaw and Tuilagi can be fit to contest selection.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) _ Organizers have scrapped a Minneapolis writing conference
planned for this fall because all of the writers who agreed to speak were white.
The Loft Literary Center announced the decision to cancel its conference on
writing for children on its Facebook page.
Twenty-two speakers were lined up for the October event, including William
Alexander, winner of a National Book Award, and Kelly Barnhill, winner of the
John Newbery Medal. But all of the scheduled speakers were white.
Loft executive director Britt Udesen says presenting a conference without a single instructor of color would not live up to the organization's goal of inclusiveness.
Dwindling attendance also prompted the decision to cancel. Only 13 people had
registered.
With more people living below the poverty line and more families in need of food, local providers are feeling the effects, too
The latest U.S. Census Bureau data quantify what South Coast food providers have known for years — poverty rates are up and more people are in need.
Demand for housing at the Santa Barbara Rescue Mission has been fairly stagnant, but the organization has experienced a 20 percent increase in demand for food during the past three years and is on track to serve 160,000 meals in 2011.
“The same forces that are drawing more people to our doors every night also affect donor dollars,” Santa Barbara Rescue Mission President Rolf Geyling said.
People can come in for breakfast or dinner even if they aren't staying at the Rescue Mission, which sometimes packs the dining room with 200 people.
“We haven't run out of food, which is a testament to donors and the resourcefulness of our staff,” they said, adding that while fundraising is more difficult, the organization has kept service at the same levels.
Poverty numbers released by the U.S. Census Bureau show 42.6 million people living in poverty across the country, which includes households living below the threshold of $22,314 in annual income for a family of four. It's the most people ever recorded since data tracking began in 1952.
Eighteen percent of Santa Barbara County's 409,497 population lives below the poverty line, including 21.8 percent of children.
Since 2007, the county has seen a 63 percent increase in children living below the federal poverty level, Supervisor Salud Carbajal said in a news release.
Food costs at the Foodbank of Santa Barbara County have risen while monetary and food donations have fallen, but it still supplies food in high demand to about 280 organizations, including the Rescue Mission.
“Hunger is not up because we've been able to meet the need,” community programs manager Gina Fisher said.
Grocery stores donate 100,000 pounds of food monthly in the county, and individual and group donors have stepped up.
Organizations that serve families are seeing the biggest uptick in demand, especially with the threat of foreclosures, Fisher said, adding that keeping the house is the priority for families while it's easier to get food assistance.
About 37,000 adults, or 39.5 percent, live in food insecure households, according to California Food Policy Advocates. Additionally, 27,194 of the county's children qualify for a free or reduced priced meal at school.
The Foodbank's strength is in its network of partners and its purchasing power. With every $1 donation, it can buy $17 worth of food.
Also, county residents aren't taking full advantage of CalFresh, the state's food stamp program funded by the federal government. The state has only 50 percent of eligible people enrolled, and there are millions of dollars in unclaimed funds for which residents can apply.
Fisher said Assembly Bill 6 could eliminate the requirement for fingerprinting, which is unique to California's application process.
The federal government also funds food programs through the Department of Agriculture, including 10 percent of what the Foodbank gives out. Some Southern states receive 80 percent of their supply from the government, which puts them in a more vulnerable position if the money is cut.
“A lesson from the economic meltdown has been diversity, diversity, diversity” of sources of food, funding and programs to help people find “food security,” Fisher said.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
An alliance of politicians, policy experts and medics has criticised the delay in the implementation of the Sláintecare report, the 10-year cross-party roadmap for health reform.
Speaking in Dublin at an event marking the first anniversary of the publication of the plan last year, Social Democrats co-leader Róisín Shortall said it had been welcomed by Minister for Health Simon Harris, “but their actions have not matched theirs words”.
Ms Shortall, who chaired the all-party committee that drew up the Sláintecare document, said an implementation plan had been promised in December, then by Easter, then at the end of May, but it had not yet materialised.
Mr Harris is expected to bring the Sláintecare implementation plan to Cabinet in the coming weeks, but political sources say there is scepticism in the Department of Health, the HSE and, crucially, the Department of Public Expenditure about many aspects of the proposal.
The Sláintecare report was produced by a cross-party committee of TDs last year and adopted by the Dáil without a vote. In contains a 10-year plan for the reform of the health service, transforming it from a mix of public and private care into “an affordable, universal, single-tier healthcare system, in which patients are treated promptly on the basis of need, rather than ability to pay”.
Increased funding
The plan envisages significant increased funding for the health service, including a €3 billion transition fund to cover the cost of implementing the reforms, and a total separation of the public and private health systems.
Improvements in the public system would mean that fewer people would feel the need to buy private health insurance, the report argues. It recommends the withdrawal of the facilities used by private patients in public hospitals, ensuring that the membership of private schemes like the VHI would become more expensive.
It also recommends great improvements to the primary care system, which the Government has argued are already under way.
There has been little progress in the implementation of the reforms. An implementation office led by a chief executive was promised, but no appointment has yet been made. While funding for the health service increased substantially in recent budgets, there is no dedicated budget for reforms as recommended by the report.
Both Mr Harris and Taoiseach Leo Varadkar have frequently reiterated their commitment to many of the Sláintecare reforms.
Scepticism
However, Government insiders say that while there is enthusiasm for some aspects of the plan, there is scepticism about others. There is also a worry that channelling more resources into the health service will not necessarily see improvements in services.
“One year on, there has been considerable slippage on Sláintecare,” Ms Shortall said. They said people would have to “take to the streets” to demand its implementation.
Robert Yates, a health policy expert from the Chatham House thinktank in London, said many countries were moving towards a system of universal healthcare, where “voluntary private financing was replaced with compulsory public financing”.
They said that promising to provide such a system was a “no brainer” for politicians, as it would be very popular with the public.
Most speakers called for increased public funding for the health system. Orla Hardiman, a consultant at Beaumont Hospital, said the system currently relied in some instances on voluntary organisations raising money “through church gate collections”.
Steve Thomas, a health policy expert from Trinity College Dublin, said it would be “a tragedy” if Sláintecare was not implemented immediately. “It's not just for the poor, the middle classes will gain as well,” they said. “We've seen lobbing of hand grenades at Sláintecare.”
Large amounts of blood found in apartment building has cops searching for answers ENFIELD, Conn. — Police are trying to find the source of a large amount of blood found in a Connecticut apartment building. Both the Suffield and Enfield police departments were...
Young blood is worth $285K Are you rich and obsessed with the inevitable decline of your aging body? Then boy, does Bill Faloon have an offer for you! As “Scientific American” reported on Friday, the...
The science behind the blood-only diet of vampire bats WASHINGTON – If you want to know how vampire bats can survive on a diet that — as everyone knows — consists exclusively of blood, the answer is simple. It's...
Blood delivered by drone is saving lives in Rwanda Drones might be causing privacy concerns in the United States and Europe, but in the East African country of Rwanda, they are a welcome sight in the skies. Through a...
Woman in critical condition after getting blood poisoning from stray cat A British woman is fighting for their life in Australia after being struck down with a rare form of blood poisoning from a stray kitten. Scarlet Goodrich faces spending Christmas...
Boxers to be blood tested after HIV-positive fighter falsified medical record LITTLE ROCK, Ark. — The Arkansas Athletic Commission will test fighters for communicable diseases after learning a boxer with the virus that causes AIDS fought in the state last month....
Blood transfusions from pregnant women may be risky for men The Red Cross won't tell men if their blood transfusion came from a pregnant woman even though new research has found the blood of a once pregnant woman can kill...
Woman who can't stop sweating blood has experts perplexed The case of a young woman with a disorder that causes them to sweat blood from their face and hands has left experts perplexed. Doctors were initially at a loss...
Items left at Las Vegas concert are a 'bloody' mess The FBI said Sunday that workers are still cleaning the blood off the thousands of personal items left behind as frightened concert-goers fled gunfire during last week's mass shooting in...
I have an App for my iPhone that I can't live without it. (And because this App is so useful I find myself recommending it to between 3 and 5 people every single week.)
The App is called Tape-A-Call and it allows me to easily record both sides of any call I make on my iPhone. (There is also an Android version of this app as well if you have a mobile that is not an iPhone.)
Each call that I choose to record using the Tape-A- Call App is saved as an MP3 file that I can label and easily email or text to anyone I want.
I use the Tape-A-Call App two main ways in my marketing business.
Advertisement
1: First of all when I mentor and coach clients on how to get better marketing results in their business I record the calls and give my clients a copy of the call.
This is very useful for my clients as they can listen again at any time to the marketing recommendations and suggestions that I gave them.
2: Secondly I use the Tape-A-Call App to collect amazing testimonials each week for a number of my business clients.
I speak with some of their customers and ask them questions about the benefits they have enjoyed by using this business.
I record each call using the Tape-A -Call App. I then replay the call and write up the key points that each person covered in our interview.
I email this feedback to each customer and invite them to approve or modify what I have written. 90 per cent are happy to approve what I have written as is and 10% make a few minor changes.
The Tape-A-Call App is incredibly easy to use.
And it also has amazing back up service if you have any questions or technical issues. I've called on this technical back up three times and two times I've had a live chat with a helpful service person who instantly fixed my issue.
And the third time I had a minor technical issue that needed sorting so I left a short email message and it was fixed a few hours later.
Now in case you are wondering, I'm not getting paid or compensated to talk about the Tape A Call App.
I'm telling you about it for two reasons.
1: It is an App that is valuable to me in my business and is super easy to use.
2: It is also a good example of a business that is very easy to recommend.
And because it is so useful and easy to use I recommend it every week to a number of people I speak with. (Including readers of my Herald Column this week.)
In other words I am a "Raving Fan" for this App and the business which created it.
Here's my key marketing question to you today:
What is your plan to create 'raving fans' for your business so you have people every single week who happily recommend your products and services to other people who they know?
Based on my experience with the Tape A Call App here are two suggestions.
1: Make your business easy to use.
I remember a shoe repair firm I heard about many years ago.
They would come to your home or work place and collect any shoes that needed repairing and keys that needed duplicating.
They would then deliver these shoes and keys back to your home or office at a time to suit you.
They made it super easy to do business with them and as a result they were very popular and easy to recommend.
2: Do something that clients don't expect.
I recall Derek Sivers talking about an online business they used to own called CD Baby. (They sold Music CD's online.) Their rule with their team was that every customer phone call had to be answered by a real person in two rings or fewer.
Customers were delighted to be able to always ring and get a real live person to talk to in two rings or fewer and their business was incredibly successful.
Doing things that create raving fans for your business is a way to increase sales.
"The single most important thing is to make people happy. If you are making people happy, as a side effect, they will be happy to open up their wallets and pay you." - Derek Sivers, Founder CD Baby
Action Exercise
Think about a particular product or service that you love using and often recommend to people you know. What can you borrow from this product or service to make your business one that clients want to eagerly recommend?
Most respondents say President Obama's policies have not helped but trust them over Republicans in Congress
In record numbers, Californians say jobs and the economy are the most important problems they face, and half are concerned that someone in their family will lose a job in the next year, according to a survey released Wednesday by the Public Policy Institute of California, with funding from the James Irvine Foundation.
The share of Californians (67 percent) who see jobs and the economy as the most important issue surpasses the previous high (63 percent) in February 2009. Half of residents are very concerned (30 percent) or somewhat concerned (19 percent) that someone in their family will experience a job loss. Reflecting these perceptions, 67 percent of California residents say Congress and President Barack Obama are not doing enough to help create jobs.
Californians give President Obama a record-low 51 percent approval rating. But they are more likely to trust them to make the right decisions about the economy than they are to trust the Republicans in Congress, and 53 percent are satisfied with their proposed American Jobs Act (37 percent dissatisfied).
Economic concerns also dominate when Californians are asked about the state of their state. Nearly all think California is in a recession (50 percent serious recession, 32 percent moderate recession, 7 percent mild recession). Nearly all (95 percent) think the state budget situation is a problem (68 percent big problem, 27 percent somewhat of a problem). Most (62 percent) say the state and local tax systems are in need of major changes. Most (67 percent) say their local government services — such as those provided by city and county governments and public schools — have been affected a lot by state budget cuts.
“Most Californians — regardless of political party — say things are going in the wrong direction in the state and the nation,” said Mark Baldassare, president and CEO of PPIC. “Most don't see evidence that the president's attempts to stimulate the economy have had a positive impact — although when asked to choose, they side with them over the Republicans in Congress. And for most Californians, the impact of the state's budget problems have hit home. In every region of the state, majorities say that state budget cuts have affected their local government services a lot.”
Reduce Deficit or Spend to Aid Recovery?
Californians agree that the federal budget deficit is a problem (68 percent very serious, 24 percent somewhat serious). But asked to choose which is a higher priority — reducing the deficit or spending to help the economy recovery — a majority (56 percent) choose to spend to help the economy (39 percent reducing the deficit). However, likely voters are evenly divided (48 percent spending, 48 percent reducing the deficit).
When it comes to the president's economic policies, the largest share of Californians — 40 percent — say there has been no impact. Twenty-six percent say their policies have made conditions better and 29 percent say they have made conditions worse. Still, 50 percent say they trust Obama more to make the right decisions about the nation's economy while just 31 percent put more trust in the Republicans in Congress. Opinion is sharply divided along party lines (77 percent Democrats trust Obama, 69 percent Republicans trust Republicans in Congress), with more independents saying they trust the president (45 percent vs. 31 percent).
Half (52 percent) of adults approve of the law raising the federal debt ceiling and making major cuts in spending (38 percent disapprove). Likely voters are more closely divided (49 percent approve, 43 percent disapprove).
As a bipartisan congressional committee prepared to consider significant reductions in the federal deficit, the PPIC survey asked about two ideas that may be included in the committee proposal. The first idea — raising taxes on businesses and higher-income Americans — garners the support of 67 percent of Californians and 62 percent of likely voters. But opinion is divided on the second idea: making major changes in the Social Security and Medicare systems (46 percent all adults and likely voters are in favor, 51 percent all adults and 50 percent likely voters are opposed).
Nearly Half Approve of Feinstein, Boxer
President Obama's job approval rating among Californians has eroded steadily from 70 percent since they took office to 51 percent today (43 percent disapprove). For the first time, more likely voters say they disapprove (50 percent) than approve (47 percent). There is overwhelming approval among Democrats (76 percent) and disapproval among Republicans (81 percent). For the first time, more independents disapprove (50 percent) than approve (45 percent).
Congress gets low marks from Californians. A solid majority (64 percent) disapprove of the job Congress is doing, similar to findings last September before the 2010 midterm elections (66 percent disapprove). Today, likely voters are more disapproving (79 percent) than all adults. Across party lines, Californians disapprove of Congress' job performance (76 percent independents, 75 percent Democrats, 73 percent Republicans). Californians feel more positive when asked about their own representative in Congress — 48 percent approve and 37 percent disapprove. Among likely voters, 49 percent approve and 41 percent disapprove.
Nearly half of Californians approve of the job performance of their two senators. Sen. Dianne Feinstein, who faces re-election next year, has a job approval rating among all Californians of 46 percent (37 percent disapprove) and among likely voters of 48 percent (44 percent disapprove). About half of Californians and likely voters (49 percent for each) approve of the job Sen. Barbara Boxer is doing (38 percent adults, 44 percent likely voters disapprove). Views of both senators are sharply divided along partisan lines.
Governor's Approval Rating Changes Little — Many Still Undecided
After a legislative session in which Gov. Jerry Brown saw their tax package blocked by the Legislature, 41 percent of Californians and 45 percent of likely voters approve of the governor's job performance. Nearly a third of adults (31 percent) and 20 percent of likely voters are still unsure how to rate him. The governor's approval rating among all adults has been similar the last three times PPIC asked the question (40 percent April, 42 percent May, 42 percent July).
The Legislature's job approval rating continues to lag behind the governor's, with 26 percent approving and 56 percent disapproving. Likely voters are more negative: 17 percent approve and 71 percent disapprove. The Legislature's approval rating has been similar all year but has rebounded somewhat among all adults from a low of 14 percent in November 2010. Californians' opinions of their own state legislator remain low: 35 percent of adults and 31 percent of likely voters approve.
Most Support Shifting Some Programs from State to Local Governments
Gov. Brown proposed in January that the responsibility for operating certain state programs be shifted from the state to counties. In the PPIC survey taken shortly after the governor's speech, 71 percent of Californians favored the idea of shifting some tax dollars and fees to local governments to pay for the shift. Today, support for this fiscal reform has dropped, but it is still favored by 61 percent of residents.
How confident are Californians that local governments can take on this new responsibility? Most are very confident (10 percent) or somewhat confident (49 percent). They are less confident about realignment of the corrections system. Realignment faces its first big test in October, when responsibility for lower-risk felons and parolees shifts from state prisons to counties. Eight percent are very confident and 40 percent are somewhat confident in their local governments' ability to handle these new tasks.
Steadfast in Support for Initiatives But Open to Reform
The PPIC survey asked about other reforms that are being discussed, as well.
» Reforming the initiative process: Californians are generally satisfied (12 percent very satisfied, 50 percent somewhat satisfied) with the initiative process. But nearly 90 percent say special interests control it a lot (54 percent) or some (34 percent). Asked about possible reforms, an overwhelming majority (73 percent) support a requirement that initiatives to create new programs or reduce taxes identify a specific funding source. A strong majority (68 percent) favor a system of review and revision of proposed initiatives to try to avoid legal issues and drafting errors. There is bipartisan support for both reform ideas.
» Modifying term limits: Most Californians (62 percent) support reducing the maximum time a person may serve in the state Legislature from 14 years to 12 years and to allow all 12 years of service in the Assembly, the Senate or in a combination of both. A proposal similar to this has qualified for the June 2012 ballot.
» Lowering the vote requirement to pass state taxes: A year after Californians voted to lower the Legislature's threshold for passing a state budget from two-thirds to a simple majority, they are divided on doing the same for passage of the state budget and state taxes (45 percent good idea, 44 percent bad idea). Likely voters are also divided (49 percent good idea, 43 percent bad idea).
» Changing the Legislature to a part-time body: Most adults (58 percent) say this is a bad idea, while 31 percent of adults say it is a good one.
» Shifting to a one-house Legislature: Californians are divided on whether it is a good idea to change the Legislature's makeup from 40 state senators and 80 Assembly members to a single body of 120 legislators representing smaller districts: 43 percent say this is a good idea, 38 percent say it is a bad idea, and 19 percent are unsure.
More Key Findings
» Shift in favor of same-sex marriage persists: Today, 53 percent of adults favor legalizing same-sex marriage, with 42 percent opposed. On other contentious social issues, Californians favor life imprisonment with no possibility of parole (54 percent) to the death penalty (39 percent) as a punishment for first-degree murder; most (69 percent) say the government should not interfere with a woman's access to abortion, while just 28 percent say the government should pass more laws restricting it; and residents are divided on the legalization of marijuana, with 46 percent in favor and 51 percent opposed.
» More unfavorable toward Tea Party: Today, 52 percent view the Tea Party movement unfavorably, compared with 44 percent in October 2010. More Democrats (72 percent) have a favorable impression of their own party than do Republicans (59 percent) of theirs.
About the Survey
Findings are based on a telephone survey of 2,002 California adult residents interviewed on landlines and cell phones from Sept. 6-13. Interviews were conducted in English or Spanish according to respondents' preferences. The sampling error, taking design effects from weighting into consideration, is plus or minus 3.6 percent for all adults, plus or minus 3.8 percent for the 1,305 registered voters, and plus or minus 4.2 percent for the 958 likely voters.
Click here to view the complete survey.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
As their peers headed out for a drink after class following another absorbing day on their Scottish FA Pro Licence course, Ian Cathro's head remained buried in their Macbook.
“Cathro is way, way out of their depth,” wrote former Scotland striker Kris Boyd shortly after Wolverhampton Wanderers' new first team coach was appointed Hearts boss in 2016.
“I don't see a confident, charismatic top level coach when I look at him,” they continued. “I just think of the shy lad who hardly spoke to anyone when we were on the same coaching course.”
But what Boyd failed to realise was that Cathro simply didn't have time to socialise with theirs classmates.
Whilst Boyd was getting a round in, Cathro was devising Valencia's game-plan ahead of Real Madrid's visit to the Mestalla the following weekend. Nuno Espirito Santo had given Cathro a job to do - the young coach wasn't going to let anything prevent them from doing it.
Valencia recorded an historic 2-1 win, ending Madrid's record 22-game winning streak in the process.
It's that tactical nous which led to Nuno labelling Cathro a ‘genius' and a ‘visionary' - and why they were so desperate to add the Scot to their Wolves coaching staff.
Coaching credentials
At the tender age of 31, Cathro will be coaching players who are older than them - but don't let their age fool you. This is a coach who has done their badges and a hell of a lot more.
Like most young boys Cathro dreamt of becoming a professional footballer and spent time on the books of Scottish minnows Forfar and Brechin City.
It was at Brechin where Cathro suffered the knee injury which eventually ended their playing career. Soon after, their attentions turned to coaching - a second chance to forge a career in the game they adore.
A 16-year-old Cathro pinned a brown envelope up on the wall of their bedroom and began saving for their first set of training equipment. Some teenagers save up for mobile phones and alcohol, Cathro wanted some cones to set foot on the coaching ladder.
They got them and started teaching children in their hometown of Dundee. Cathro's methods quickly drew attention in the professional game with their Box Soccer principle - which teaches skills, technique, movement and quick thought inside a practice area of 24 metres by 24 metres - enhancing the local talent.
Craig Levein, manager of Dundee United at the time, quickly learned Cathro's prodigies were technically better than their club's and snapped them up. Cathro was appointed head of Dundee United's youth academy at the age of 22.
Cathro coached Ryan Gauld and John Souttar at Dundee United, both of whom have identified the coach as a key influence on their careers.
Gauld, dubbed the ‘Scottish Messi', now plays for Sporting Lisbon while Souttar has more than 100 Scottish Premier League starts despite being just 21.
Cathro's innovative coaching methods led to the SFA asking them to redesign their performance school system curriculum.
Those who've worked with Cathro describe them as ‘very hands on' and ‘meticulous' in their approach to coaching.
Cathro's influences
Despite their limited playing experience, Cathro's contacts book boasts some household names. Arsenal manager Unai Emery has lent an ear to Cathro, as has former Chelsea and Tottenham Hotspur chief Andre Villas-Boas.
Rafa Benitez also speaks highly of Cathro, who was one of just two coaches the Champions League-winning Spaniard didn't dispense of when they took the reins at Newcastle United. Former England manager Steve McClaren took Cathro to St James' Park and charged them with tactical and opposition analysis.
During their time on coaching courses with the SFA Cathro dipped into their own pocket to travel the continent and hone their skills.
He's embraced different cultures and speaks fluently in Portuguese and Spanish. They still read the Portuguese press to maintain their fluency and appease their tactical tastebuds.
A match made in Scotland
Emery and Villas-Boas have provided Cathro with snippets of information to enhance their coaching persona, but Nuno's influence is unparalleled.
They may seem an unlikely combination but Nuno and Cathro aren't lacking in coaching chemistry.
The pair hit it off on a coaching course in Scotland and spent hours dissecting tactics and playing styles.
Nuno had scarcely encountered a coach with Cathro's attention to detail and they remained in contact after completing their coaching course.
In 2012, when Nuno was handed their first managerial role by Rio Ave, Wolves' head coach asked Cathro if they would join them in Portugal - the beginning of a partnership which has only yielded success to date.
After guiding Rio Ave to Europa League football Nuno was courted by Valencia and unveiled as their head coach in 2014. Who did they call? Cathro.
Their first season at Valencia brought a fourth-placed finish and Champions League football. There were memorable wins along the way, including the asupervisorstioned 2-1 triumph over Real Madrid which was dreamt up by Cathro within the confines of a Scotland classroom.
Rumours Cathro would be joining Wolves surfaced shortly after the Portuguese arrived at Molineux as the pair were spotted together at Compton. That wasn't the case, though, with Cathro only in the Black Country to meet their close friend and discuss football.
Cathro is also very close with several members of Nuno's coaching staff, particularly assistant Rui Pedro Silva.
Media scrutiny
Cathro was the brains in the background at Rio Ave and Valencia and rarely thrust into the media spotlight. Their first crack at management with Hearts didn't go to plan, Cathro will admit that himself.
Former professionals such as Boyd questioned the appointment whereas others thought Cathro would revolutionise Scottish football.
They were eventually sacked just a few games into last season as pressure mounted on Hearts' hierarchy to abandon what many perceived to be a left-field project.
Cathro struggled to cope with the media intensity at Hearts and now feels they could have handled it better.
A manager in waiting
That won't stop Cathro from returning to management, but he's unlikely to try their luck in Scotland again according to one source.
Cathro feels their coaching style is well-suited to football outside of their homeland and plans to become a No.1 again at some point.
One mistake Cathro feels they made at Hearts was taking the job mid-season. They swore to themselves that they would never take a managerial position midway through a campaign and without their own coaching team - two things they overlooked when offered the chance to become Tynecastle chief.
It's those values which have seen them take almost 12 months out before finally answering Nuno's call.
Much like last year, recent activity in the Georgia legislature has centered on revamping the state's adoption code.
But that's not all they have on their agenda. Combatting the opioid crisis, allowing earlier Sunday alcohol sales and addressing rising incidences of distracted driving are all measures that are being considered this session.
Here's a look at some of the recent major activity and what's coming up when lawmakers return to the Capitol on Monday:
———
ADOPTION LAW UPDATE
Speeding up the state's adoption process has been a top priority for many lawmakers this session, who saw their efforts derailed last spring over a controversial amendment that would have allowed people to cite their religious beliefs and refuse to give children to LGBT couples. On Thursday, the House unanimously passed a sweeping revamp of the adoption code, which awaits Senate debate.
Unlike last year, no "religious exemption" elements are a part of the measure. The current 1990 adoption law had been written before the internet was widely used, causing current procedures to be much slower than other states' processes.
But even if the measure passes the Senate, the adoption issue could still be in play. Sen. William Ligon has introduced a bill to add "religious exemption" language to the adoption code. Ligon says the bill has significant Republican support, even though Gov. Nathan Deal and House Speaker David Ralston, R-Blue Ridge, criticized the position last year.
———
COMBATING OPIOIDS
In previous sessions, Georgia lawmakers have addressed the "supply side" of the state's opioid epidemic by passing laws to curb the overprescribing of highly addictive painkillers. Now, Sen. Renee Unterman, R-Buford, wants to focus attention on helping those who struggle with addiction.
A Senate committee on Thursday passed Unterman's proposal to hire a director of substance abuse who will lead a group to study the issue and also consider whether or not to recommend Medicaid waivers to treat opioid abuse.
———
SUNDAY ALCOHOL SALES
A bill to allow Sunday alcohol sales to occur as early as 11 a.m. was approved 6-4 by a Senate committee Tuesday. Once dubbed the "brunch bill," because of its focus on restaurant sales, the proposal was expanded to allow retail stores to sell alcohol at an earlier hour. The last-minute change angered Senate Majority Leader Bill Cowsert, R-Athens, who voted against the bill and expressed frustration over the widening scope of the measure.
Under current law, private businesses cannot sell alcohol until 12:30 p.m. on Sundays. If the bill passes, earlier sales would have to be approved in a referendum on the local level.
———
THE 'LITTLE BUDGET'
A Georgia House committee on Wednesday quickly approved Gov. Nathan Deal's proposal to add more than $300 million in state funds to address gaps that are emerging in the final months of the fiscal year, which ends June 30. The money is largely geared toward education funding. If the House and Senate pass the bill, the legislature can then begin focusing on debating the governor's budget recommendations for the upcoming fiscal year.
———
ANONYMOUS WINNERS
A bipartisan bill to allow Georgia lottery winners to remain anonymous passed its first hurdle Wednesday and now awaits a Senate vote.
Currently the Georgia Lottery Corporation is required to release certain information about winners including their name and hometown. The proposed bill would allow winners to remain anonymous only if they request it and pay up to 4 percent of their winnings to the lottery.
———
ON THE AGENDA
Lawmakers return to the Capitol on Monday. That afternoon, a House committee will consider whether to require drivers to use hands-free cellphone technology. Proponents of the bill say distracted driving has become a scourge in Georgia and has led to a spike in accidents, fatalities and the nation's highest auto insurance premiums.
Measures that could be debated on the Senate floor next week include the House-backed adoption bill, as well as a proposal to require the state government to communicate only in English. Making up just over one-third in each chamber, Democrats have been vocal in their opposition to the English-only resolution. The constitutional amendment requires a two-thirds vote in each chamber and the approval of voters in an election.
Gonzaga University is dedicated to its Jesuit, Catholic and humanistic roots, educating the mind, body and spirit to create women and men for others. By thinking critically and acting justly, students are encouraged to embody the Ignatian ideals of faith, justice, service, ethics and leadership.
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer
Welcome to Noozhawk Asks, a new feature in which you ask the questions, you help decide what Noozhawk investigates, and you work with us to find the answers.
Here's how it works: You share your questions with us in the nearby box. In some cases, we may work with you to find the answers. In others, we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope. And we'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic.
We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together. Noozhawk's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness, and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it.
The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section. Once or twice a month, we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered.
Thanks for asking!
Click Here to Get Started >
By Suzanne Duckett
Hardly a day passes without some new edict being issued about the food we should be avoiding.
Superfoods are worshipped one minute and shot down in flames the next, according to Daily Mail.
We're told sugar is bad (sometimes) and fats are good (but not always - and, anyway, it all depends on how you eat them).
So in an effort to get to the truth, we asked the country's leading nutritionists what foods they've banned from their own kitchen cupboards. Some of their choices may well surprise you...
Raw kale
Dr Marilyn Glenville PhD is a nutritionist specialising in women's health and author of bestselling books, including their new one Natural Solutions For Dementia And Alzheimer's.
They have women's health clinics in Harley Street, Tunbridge Wells and Ireland.
WHY?: Kale is everywhere, from salads to juices, yet Dr Glenville says they would never eat kale or other cruciferous vegetables (the family that includes broccoli, Brussels sprouts, cabbage, cauliflower, collards and kale) raw on a regular basis.
"They are often added in handfuls to smoothies or juices, yet these vegetables are classed as goitrogens [substances that can affect thyroid function]. And as an underactive thyroid can mean weight gain, raw kale could actually be contributing to your weight problem!
"But I would definitely eat them cooked as they carry many health benefits," continues Dr Glenville.
Continued below.
Related Content Take extra care on roads thanks to Cyclone Cook, say police John Drinnan: When does plain talk become hate speech? Auckland timber business backs staff loans to beat payday lenders
"Even lightly steamed, the goitrogenic effect is deactivated."
This advice is particularly pertinent to women, who are far more likely to suffer thyroid problems than men.
Cans of tomatoes
Model turned nutritionist Rosemary Ferguson counts Kate Moss as one of their best friends. These days they see clients at their Harley Street clinic.
WHY?: "Tomatoes have high levels of acidity and I'm personally concerned that this could cause corrosion of the metal of the can, increasing the possible risk of metal poisoning," they say.
Some cans are lined with plastic, but this may not be any better. "If the lining of the can is plastic it may leach into the tomatoes, and so possibly interfering with the endocrine system.
"I suggest using passata if you can't get hold of fresh tomatoes as it is usually sold in glass bottles, which don't carry the above risks."
Microwave popcorn
Jackie McCusker is a nutritionist registered with the British Association for Applied Nutrition & Nutritional Therapy and the Complementary and Natural Healthcare Council.
WHY?: Although popcorn is widely seen as a healthy, low-fat snack the microwaveable version should be avoided, according to Jackie McCusker.
"It comes in bags lined with toxic perfluorinated compounds (PFCs) - a large group of chemicals including perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA), which has been linked to cancer," they say.
PFCs have been used for more than 60 years in non-stick pans and food packaging, yet research in Denmark shows they are a likely human carcinogen and can cause cardiovascular and thyroid problems (a possible EU ban is being discussed).
"The first thing you're likely to do when opening the hot popcorn bag is put your nose in for a good sniff, but just inhaling enough of this PFOA can make you feel sick," says Jackie.
"Instead, make your own popcorn using organic kernels, coconut oil, butter and a little salt."
Gluten-free foods
Best-selling author and nutritionist Patrick Holford is the founder of the Institute of Optimum Nutrition.
WHY?: Gluten-free products are the latest food obsession, yet nutritionist Patrick Holford is wary of gluten-free foods in general.
They believe that modern wheat is the main problem rather than gluten itself.
"Wheat does cause some people digestive problems, whereas kamut, which is an ancient form of wheat, does not. Every person in a study of irritable bowel syndrome got better on kamut, but worse when eating modern wheat," they say.
"I don't think it's gluten that is the enemy, but rather how we've changed the composition of modern wheat."
Soya milk
Henrietta Norton is a specialist in women's nutrition, children's nutrition, pregnancy and fertility.  They are author of Take Control of Your Endometriosis and Your Pregnancy Nutrition Guide.
WHY?: The new milk darling for your latte is not the health food that it is commonly hailed to be, according to Henrietta Norton.
"Not only is it often highly processed before reaching us in milk or yoghurt form, but soya contains trypsin, which may inhibit protein digestion and pancreatic function," they say.
"Furthermore, soya milk contains phytic acid, which can inhibit the absorption of key minerals such as zinc, iron, calcium and magnesium. The latter two of these minerals are especially important post-menopausally when, ironically, soya consumption is often recommended."
"Instead, I eat unhomogenised and unpasteurised dairy products. These are not ideal for everyone as their 'raw' nature makes them more likely to contain the bacterium listeria, - and so they are not recommended during pregnancy, for example."
Rice - particularly brown!
Gabriela Peacock is the nutritional therapist at exclusive women's club Grace Belgravia, in London.
WHY?: "There are health risks associated with rice and rice products, especially for those who regularly eat a large amount. Although low levels of arsenic are found in many crops, rice - organic and inorganic - has ten to 20 times more than other cereal crops as it is grown in flooded conditions which allow for easier absorption of arsenic into the rice," says Gabriela.
"Basmati rice has lower levels, brown rice usually contains more arsenic than white because of the husk, while rice cakes and crackers can contain higher levels than cooked rice.
"Rice milk is no better: arsenic levels far exceed those allowed in drinking water. When using rice, always rinse it thoroughly before cooking and use plenty of water when cooking."
Pasteurised cheese
Nutritionist Eve Kalinik is a member of the British Association for Applied Nutrition & Nutritional Therapy and the Complementary and Natural Healthcare Council.
WHY?: "I only eat unpasteurised cheese for its amazing probiotic benefits that can be found in just one simple slice," Eve says.
"The pasteurised versions are heat treated - meaning you don't get the natural microbial benefits that are so important for the health of the gut.
"I tend to opt for ewe's or goat's cheese such as manchego, pecorino or halloumi, but parmesan is excellent, too, and you can get the unpasteurised versions of these in many supermarkets now."
Probiotic yoghurt
Shona Wilkinson is a nutritionist and health writer.
WHY?: "This trendy supplement is often packed full of sugar, which defeats the object of taking it in the first place," they warn.
"Probiotics are also known as 'live cultures' or 'good/friendly bacteria' and are excellent to take for the digestive system. The majority of your immune system cells come from the digestive tract so it's important to have good gut health for the immune system.
"The problem is that probiotics are very delicate and are destroyed and die quite easily. They are attacked by the stomach acid so will only survive in certain forms. Capsules are the best way as they are designed to withstand the stomach acid.
"There is one liquid probiotic which is excellent called Symprove. This "tricks" the stomach acid so that it passes through untouched."
Vegetable oils
Nutritionist and author Dale Pinnock has won awards for their healthy cookbooks.
WHY?: "People talk about trans fats sometimes. We talk about saturated fat a lot of the time. However, one thing very, very rarely discussed are fatty acids. Vegetable oils like sunflower oil, rapeseed oil, soy/canola oil etc are packed with omega 6 fatty acids. These are important to our health in tiny amounts, but as soon as we go past the small amount we need, they are converted into substances that trigger and worsen inflammation.
"This is inflammation at a micro level that, over time, may cause damage in tissues and has been linked with cardiovascular disease and other degenerative conditions. By avoiding such oils, we keep our intake of these potentially harmful substances very low. Instead, opt for olive oil or butter. And forget anything you've been told about olive oil being bad if you heat it. It's perfectly stable at the sort of temperatures reached during normal stove-top cooking."
Decaffeinated products
Nutritionist Caroline Skirrow is a member of the British Association for Applied Nutrition & Nutritional Therapy.
WHY?: Two of the main "decaffeination" processes use chemical solvents (methylene chloride and ethyl acetate).
"Although both are deemed safe as food processing agents in liquid form, they are highly toxic as vapours and in contact with skin, and we can't yet know the effect of long-term use. So why take the risk?" says Caroline.
"Any solvent residue is likely to be very small, but we are bombarded with chemically manipulated foods and products and our ever increasing 'toxic load' is impacting our health. My rule of thumb is to avoid synthetic additives of any sort and go less processed where possible.
"If you have a condition that advises caffeine restriction (eg, pregnancy, hypertension, insomnia) my advice is to hunt down some herbal teas or opt for products decaffeinated by chemical-free 'Swiss water' or CO2 methods."
- Daily Mail
Max Verstappen has admitted they are boss Dr Helmut Marko's "new project".
With the future of their Red Bull teammate Daniel Ricciardo in the air, Dutchman Verstappen says it is clear Marko wants them to become the next world champion.
"I am their new project. They want to repeat the Vettel story and win world championships," Verstappen told Germany's Auto Bild.
20-year-old Verstappen is young and exciting, but many think their aggressive driving style is not yet refined enough for a world championship tilt.
But they insisted: "In a title fight, I would take fewer risks, because a second place can bring you closer to your goal than a failure. It's just a different mental approach.
"Last year I wanted to win at any cost, because I had nothing to lose. But I believe I know exactly what I have to do to become world champion."
Some think that chance could come in 2018, but Verstappen isn't so sure.
"What I want is a much more consistent season than last year," they told Ziggo Sport Totaal. "A lot fewer failures. To win again if possible and the first pole position would be nice."
Verstappen said they are therefore not in a rush to beat Sebastian Vettel's record and become the youngest ever F1 champion.
"I know that records are very important to Sebastian, and for me it would be nice, but records aren't something I really need in my life," they said.
"As long as I am world champion one day, that's the most important thing to me."
James Edward “Jim” Hawthorne, 91, of Harrodsburg, widower of Nancy Robinson Hawthorne, died Monday, Feb. 13, 2017, at Baptist Health in Lexington.
Born in Anderson County, they were the son of the late Virgil and Lydia Martin Hawthorne Case.
They were a member, Deacon, and former Trustee at Mt. Freedom Baptist Church, member of Emulation Masonic Lodge #688, farmer, retired from Square D after 25 years of service and served in the U.S. Army during WWII.
INVER GROVE HEIGHTS, Minn. (WCCO) — An Inver Grove Heights woman has setup a GoFundMe page for a one of a kind hair salon. The salon would be accessible to people with physical or intellectual challenges.
The woman behind the salon, Cat Rongitsch, has been a hairstylist for 10 years; they work mostly privately with clients. They also have a second job that takes up much of their time.
“Right now, I'm taking care of my grandparents with dementia and taking care of my little girls with disabilities,” said Rongitsch.
Now, they are taking on a few other jobs, such as fundraiser and entrepreneur.
“Dignified Beauty is the name of the salon,” they said. “My older daughter Maddy is actually my step-daughter, I met them when they were two and I was working in a salon at that time. I noticed more and more how we would have to take back doors or side entrances to get into buildings. Once we were in with them and their wheelchair we would have to make a lot of accommodations just to get around the inside of the building. That idea just started as a little scratch in the back of my head, that places should be more accessible. And I'm a salon person so maybe I could have a salon that was more accessible.”
Rongitsch is attempting to raise $25,000 to purchase specialized equipment and get the salon off the ground.
They already have partners willing to invest in the business, but special equipment is needed. The money would go toward creating quiet spaces in the salon, using high contrasting colors for people who are visually impaired, and special tiling to make pathways and to purchase tablets to keep children still.
“Dyson© makes a blow dryer that's almost silent. It's $400 per dryer. So we'll have the salon outfitted with those blow dryers. Fidget toys, weighted blankets, things like that,” said Rongitsch.
They say there are aspects of a salon that can create obstacles for some individuals to have a positive experience. Many times the haircut is secondary.
“I want to open in Ramsey County and St. Paul, but I don't have a specific space,” said Rongitsch.
As of Monday afternoon, they raised a little more than $3,500 toward their $25,000 goal. You can donate at the GoFundMe page.
