BUNDY DRIVERS: New data reveals the five road rules Bundaberg drivers know but just seem to ignore.
BUNDY DRIVERS: New data reveals the five road rules Bundaberg drivers know but just seem to ignore. supergenijalac
BUNDABERG drivers are being reminded about the importance of following all the road rules, after RACQ released a list of the five most common laws drivers knew but ignored anyway.
Data from the Department of Main Roads revealed a raft of fundamental rules drivers were caught for between November 1, 2016 and October 31 last year, including more than 9,270 Queensland drivers disobeying stop signs.
RACQ spokesperson Lauren Ritchie said drivers were throwing their money away on unnecessary fines.
"It should be one of the easiest rules to understand but last year in the central police region we saw more than 2000 drivers fined for not stopping at a stop sign,” Ms Ritchie said.
"Stop signs mean you must come to a fully controlled stop behind the line before you take off again. It's not rocket science.”
Ms Ritchie said these laws may seem trivial to some drivers, but they were designed to make it safer for everyone on the road.
"It's up to every driver to brush up on the road rules before they get behind the wheel, and to ensure they follow them - ignoring these laws is risking your life and the lives of others.”
Ignored road rules in the central police region
. Fail to stop at a stop sign at an intersection: 1947
. Disobey 'No Right Turn' sign: 418
. Follow another vehicle too closely: 509
. Driving at night or in reduced visibility without lights on: 222
. Driving a car with L plates when you are not a Learner or Driver Trainer: 8
April 13 Crown International
* Group and vendor have terminated SIH SP agreement and will not proceed with SIH acquisition
* decision not to proceed with SIH acquisition has no material adverse impact on business operation and financial position of group
* Refers to announcement in relation to acquisition of entire equity interest in Shining International Source text (bit.ly/2pa1sEM) Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks fall, dollar pares losses after Fed decision
NEW YORK, June 14 U.S. stocks mostly fell while the dollar cut its losses on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve delivered a widely expected U.S. interest rate hike.
OSLO, March 31 Norway's $915-billion sovereign wealth fund, the world's largest, may be allowed next year to invest in unlisted stocks, the Norwegian government said on Friday.
The fund, which funnels the revenues from Norway's oil and gas production, can invest in listed stocks, bonds and real estate only.
"The (fund) cannot currently be invested in unlisted equities on a general basis. The Ministry of Finance intends to examine, prior to next year's report on the management of the fund, whether such investments should be permitted in the (fund)," the ministry said in a white paper. (Reporting by Gwladys Fouche, editing by Terje Solsvik)
Frauke Petry, chairperson of the anti-immigration party Alternative for Germany (AfD) speaks during a news conference in Berlin, Germany, March 14, 2016. REUTERS/Wolfgang Rattay /Files
BERLIN Germany's Central Council of Muslims said on Thursday that the right-wing Alternative for Germany (AfD) was on a path to becoming a more radical, anti-Islamic party without co-chief Frauke Petry leading it into September's national election.
Petry had become the face of the anti-immigration party, which hurt Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservatives during the migrant crisis but has leaked support this year. After a months-long power struggle, they announced on Wednesday they would not lead the party's national election campaign.
The shock move was widely seen as an admission of defeat, even though they stay on as the party's joint leader. In a test of how much influence they still wield, Petry will this weekend try and push through a motion at a party congress aimed at making the AfD able to join coalitions in the future.
I rivals, they have said, want the AfD to be a "fundamental opposition" party.
"While Petry was always ready to have a critical dialogue with the Central Council of Muslims, other forces in the party leadership completely refused," said Aiman Mazyek, head of Germany's Central Council of Muslims.
Mazyek told the Neue Osnabruecker Zeitung daily the AfD was "soaking up" the far-right National Democratic Party (NPD), which Germany's Constitutional Court earlier this year said pursued Nazi ideals.
The AfD last year endorsed an election manifesto that says Islam is not compatible with Germany's constitution. Mainstream parties have ruled out the AfD as a possible coalition partner.
Ahead of September's federal election, Petry had sought to make the party more palatable to mainstream voters and their decision not to lead the party's campaign could play into the hands of established parties.
Simone Peter, a leading member of the Green party, told the Rheinische Post newspaper that with Petry's decision, the AfD was "skinning itself".
"The party's extreme right wing views ... are coming increasingly to the fore," Peter said.
Petry's critics say it was they who was responsible for pulling the party to the right with incendiary rhetoric such as demanding police be allowed to shoot illegal migrants.
The energetic East German ousted party founder Bernd Lucke as leader in 2015. They swiftly embraced immigration as the party's cause-celebre rather than euro-scepticism.
They soon made enemies within the party, though, who criticised them for a high-handed leadership style.
In the past six months, support from the party has fallen to between 8 and 11 percent in polls from about 13 percent.
Political commentator Albrecht von Lucke said the party's congress this weekend in Cologne, where police are bracing for up to 50,000 anti-AfD demonstrators, would be a showdown between Petry and their party rivals.
"The crucial thing is whether the party dismembers itself on Sunday," said von Lucke. They added that if Petry failed to pass their motion they would risk being a "queen without a country".
"If they go, then we'll see whether the rest of the party can survive," they said, adding the party may even jeopardise the 5 percent popular support needed to enter the lower house of parliament.
Petry's co-leader, Joerg Meuthen, told Focus magazine they favoured a group including Petry's arch rival Alexander Gauland leading the party into the Sept. 24 vote.
(Reporting by Madeline Chambers; editing by Richard Lough)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Roper Technologies Inc:
* ROPER TECHNOLOGIES ANNOUNCES RECORD 2017 FINANCIAL RESULTS
* SEES Q1 ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE $2.44 TO $2.50
* Q4 GAAP AND ADJUSTED REVENUE INCREASED 21% TO $1.23 BILLION
* EXPECTS FULL YEAR ADJUSTED DEPS BETWEEN $10.88 AND $11.20 WITH Q1 ADJUSTED DEPS BETWEEN $2.44 AND $2.50
* Q4‍ ADJUSTED DEPS WAS $2.70​
* QTRLY EARNINGS PER SHARE $4.27
* QTRLY ADJUSTED RESULTS EXCLUDE A ONE-TIME NET GAIN OF $215 MILLION RESULTING FROM TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $2.61, REVENUE VIEW $1.24 BILLION -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* Q1 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $2.31 -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* FY2018 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $10.28 -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
ROME, April 30 AS Roma's Serie A title challenge all but fizzled out on Sunday when they lost 3-1 to arch-rivals Lazio despite being awarded a hugely controversial penalty which overshadowed the game.
Referee Daniele Orsato pointed to the spot after Kevin Strootman went down in the Lazio penalty area but replays showed that the Dutchman was not touched by any Lazio player.
Strootman touched the ball once, turned and then went down in the penalty area although it was not clear whether it was a deliberate dive or they were just trying to get out the way of a tackle from Lazio's Wallace.
Daniele De Rossi converted the spot kick in the 45th minute to cancel out Keita Balde Diao's 12th minute opener for Lazio amid furious protests.
Fourth-placed Lazio restored what they saw as justice when Dusan Basta scored with a deflected shot five minutes after the restart and Keita finished off a deadly counter-attack to complete the win with their second goal of the game.
Second-placed AS Roma's defeat left them nine points behind leaders Juventus with only four matches left to play.
It was Lazio's first league win over Roma since November 2012, a run of seven matches.
Roma brought on 40-year-old Francesco Totti for the last 20 minutes for what could be stalwart's last derby, if they do not renew their contract at the end of the season. (Writing by Brian Homewood, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. — Tennessee coach Rick Barnes usually finds some reason to criticize their team's performance even after lopsided wins.
Not this time.
Grant Williams and Lamonte' Turner scored 17 points each to lead five Tennessee players in double figures Saturday night as the 18th-ranked Volunteers trounced Mississippi 94-61 for their fifth straight victory.
In the second half, Tennessee scored 59 points while shooting 71.4 percent overall (20 of 28) and from 3-point range (10 of 14).
“Probably obviously the best half of the year we've played,” Barnes said. “When the ball's going in, it makes everything look good.”
The blowout enabled Tennessee (17-5, 7-3 SEC) to move into sole possession of second place in the Southeastern Conference. The Vols began the day in a three-way tie for second with No. 21 Kentucky and No. 23 Florida, which both lost Saturday.
Tennessee forward Admiral Schofield said the Vols won't get distracted by their rise in stature. Schofield said the Vols haven't forgotten how the SEC media projected them to finish 13th in the 14-team conference.
“We were picked 13th to start the season, so we're always in the locker room thinking how can we get out of that 13th position,” said Schofield, who had 15 points and 12 rebounds.
Tennessee has won eight of its last nine games while Ole Miss (11-12, 4-6) has dropped five of its last six. With eight games remaining in the regular season, Tennessee already has exceeded its 2016-17 win total. The Vols finished 16-16 last year.
Tennessee showed its enormous potential in a brilliant second-half performance. The Vols outscored Ole Miss 59-36 after halftime. They had 27 assists and only six turnovers for the game, including a 17-1 ratio in the second half.
“Today obviously was an avalanche,” Ole Miss coach Andy Kennedy said. “Unfortunately, we were under it.”
Kyle Alexander scored 14 points and Jordan Bowden added 10 for Tennessee. Bruce Stevens scored 16 points and Terence Davis added 13 for Ole Miss.
Ole Miss shuffled its lineup for this game, with 7-footer Dominik Olejniczak making their first start since Jan. 16 and forward Justas Furmanavicius starting for the first time since Dec. 31
The changes didn't make much of a difference, as Ole Miss missed 10 of its first 11 shots and scored just three points in the first 5 1/2 minutes of the game.
After trailing 35-25 at halftime, Ole Miss cut Tennessee's lead to 35-32 by scoring the first seven points of the second half. Tennessee answered with a 9-0 run and stayed comfortably ahead the rest of the way.
BIG PICTURE
Ole Miss: The Rebels have struggled in SEC competition whenever leading scorer Deandre Burnett hasn't been on top of their game. Burnett had just seven points and shot 2 of 13 Saturday while going scoreless in the second half. Burnett has averaged 20.8 points in Ole Miss' four SEC wins. They missed one of the Rebels' six SEC losses and has averaged just 9.8 points in the others.
Tennessee: The Vols are on a roll heading into a two-game road swing Tuesday at Kentucky and Feb. 10 at Alabama. But this Tennessee team has played well away from Thompson-Boling Arena so far. The Vols are 5-2 in true road games and went 2-1 in the Battle 4 Atlantis in the Bahamas.
CLOSE CALL
Tennessee had a scary moment early in the second half when Schofield appeared to hurt their right ankle while defending a 3-point attempt by Davis.
Schofield pounded their fist on the court in frustration a few times as they lay on the floor before walking slowly into the locker room. But they ended up missing less than a minute of action before returning to the game.
“Honestly, I was worried about if he'd made the 3 or not, to be real with you, because I did not want to hear Coach Barnes' mouth after that because I had kind of relaxed on the play and they got (the shot) off,” Schofield said. “I was really trying to go up and block the shot. I knew I was going to be OK, but I guess it looked pretty bad.”
POLL IMPLICATIONS
Tennessee already has its best ranking since December 2010 and should move even higher Monday.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
2:29
Trump criticizes hatred 'on many sides' after Charlottesville violence
2:24
White supremacy protests in Charlottesville, Va., devolve into a chaotic day of violence
0:45
Ohio Gov. John Kasich answers questions from members of the media. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais)
It was whispered like some secret oracle: Sidecat, sidecat is coming.
Negotiations over the tax incentive deal began in Ohio in early spring of last year, and only a cabal of quasi-state officials were in the know. Even after the $37.1 million in incentives were approved by state officials on July 31, 2017, the company was only referred to in a press release as Sidecat, a provider of “information technology services, such as remotely accessed computing power and data storage.”
RELATED: USA Today loses 5.8 million Facebook followers, and no one knows why
It wasn't until nearly two weeks after the deal went through that The Columbus Dispatch uncovered that “Sidecat” was actually a code name for Facebook. After getting a tip from another reporter in the newsroom, Mark Williams, a business reporter, confirmed the information with anonymous sources, then went to officials at JobsOhio, the state's privatized development entity, who wouldn't confirm, either. “They were just continuing to wait,” Williams says. “At that point, you are shaking your head. What's the big secret?”
Four days later, Ohio Governor John Kasich, at a symbolic groundbreaking in front of a banner bearing the Facebook logo, at last confirmed Sidecat's true identity. Ironically, the deal to lure the social media giant to my home state of Ohio was hammered out earlier in the summer, as Kasich's administration worked to plug a nearly $1 billion shortfall in the Rust Belt state's budget. At the press conference in mid-August, flanked by dignitaries awkwardly holding shovels, Kasich hailed the deal as a step toward diversifying Ohio's manufacturing-heavy economy with high-tech jobs.
But Facebook wouldn't be coming to a struggling industrial region of Ohio, and it wasn't guaranteeing many jobs. It was going to build a $750 million data center in one of the state's wealthiest suburbs—New Albany, where the median household income is nearly $200,000 and unemployment hovers around 4 percent. Fifty new jobs were guaranteed.
Sign up for CJR 's daily email
The culture of secrecy, Williams says, makes informing the public about tax incentives before they are approved almost impossible. By the time of the groundbreaking, Facebook had successfully shielded itself from any public debate. It was too late for Ohio residents, or officials in more economically strapped regions desperate for jobs, to question whether Ohio should give a company worth nearly $500 billion massive tax breaks to locate in one of its most affluent communities. The deal was done. It had been hashed out over four months by JobsOhio, which conducts negotiations with companies like Facebook and Amazon entirely in secret. Although Ohio's Tax Credit Authority must eventually approve deals, its role is largely ceremonial.
“For reporters used to covering public bodies, and used to contentious votes with lots of discussions back and forth…that's not how it works with the Tax Credit Authority,” Williams explains. “They don't say no on projects.”
Facebook sought to control the release of information, with a highly unusual demand: Officials must give Facebook at least three days before responding to any public records request.
Of course, secrecy around tax incentives is no longer remarkable, especially in the handful of states—including Ohio, Rhode Island, Florida, Indiana, Wisconsin, and Arizona—where economic development has been privatized. But in this case, Facebook's control over who could know what and when they could know it didn't end there. In Facebook's final agreement with New Albany, signed the day before Kasich's press conference, the tech giant sought to further control the release of information, with a highly unusual demand: Officials must give Facebook at least three days before responding to any public records request. In other words, not until after the press conference would reporters get a chance to analyze the agreement. In the approved deal with Ohio's Tax Credit Authority, Facebook also requests “prior notice” of any public records request, though it doesn't dictate that notice in days, only demanding it be sufficient to “seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy.” Though Facebook is never directly identified in the agreement, the address listed, 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, is Facebook's headquarters. (See excerpts below.)
Such meddling into when and how a public body might release public records under the Freedom of Information Act represents an additional bureaucratic layer for reporters. “It's always been about what government documents should be released to the public, but now we are seeing more of this shift to businesses controlling what documents governments can release to the public,” Williams say. Such control, in effect, allows companies like Facebook to stifle debate about the generous tax incentives they receive, at a time when a growing body of research says such giveaways don't work—even as they drain public coffers to the tune of $45 billion a year, according to a report by the Upjohn Institute.
RELATED: Facebook is eating the world
It wasn't the first time I'd seen this odd demand by Facebook. I first noticed it in September 2017 while working on a story for Bloomberg Businessweek about a lucrative deal Facebook struck seven years earlier with a rural community in North Carolina. Not only did Facebook want to know at least four days in advance of any public records request being fulfilled, it demanded, “the notice shall include a copy of the request” (see below). In other words, Facebook would see my FOIA request before a public official could even respond to it. (While reporting this story, I shared this specific example with Facebook's public relations team, but the company declined to comment.)
John Cary Sims, a FOIA expert and professor of law at the University of the Pacific's McGeorge School of Law in Sacramento, described the use of code names and FOIA request notices as a “trip wire,” or an “early warning system.” Facebook may also be trying to buy time to launch a “reverse” FOIA, in which a company goes to court to prevent a government agency from responding to a records request.
“It's a game of muscle,” Sims says. “It's very valuable to know at the earliest time what information someone has. It may also be about tracking what stories a journalist might be doing. It's an ingenious way to try to get to the high ground, where they can assess the risk and apply pressure in a timely way so it comes out the way they want it to come out. It gives them leverage, and it may delay release for months.”
Facebook isn't the only big tech firm stifling the FOIA process and obscuring public disclosure by shielding its identity with a code name of sorts. I've also found examples in Amazon agreements, which have won $1.2 billion in tax incentives from local and state governments as the company expands its footprint of data and fulfillment centers nationwide. For example, when Amazon negotiates to open a data center, it is rarely, if ever, identified directly as Amazon. Instead, the tech giant negotiates with local officials through its wholly owned subsidiary Vadata, Inc. This makes it difficult for local citizens to immediately know that Amazon, a company worth $656 billion, is the real beneficiary of such generous tax breaks. For example, in 2015, Amazon, through Vadata, struck an agreement with Hilliard, Ohio, for $5.4 million in tax incentives to build a data center in the working-class suburb of Central Ohio. But Amazon isn't once identified in the documents I reviewed after my public records request.
Additionally, Amazon, through Vadata, demanded a five-day notice before officials complied with any public records requests (see below). Amazon describes the notices as necessary to “seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy.” It also demands the city “limits disclosure, refuses to disclose, and redacts and/or omits portions of the material to the maximum extent permitted by applicable Ohio law.” In the agreement, Vadata demands site details and addresses of its facilities not be disclosed, referring to them as a “trade secret.” Amazon officials declined to comment for this story.
“Hostile,” is how Greg Leroy, executive director of Good Jobs First, describes the emergence of such clauses, which their DC-based research policy group only occasionally sees firsthand. The group submits about a hundred FOIA requests annually to government entities as part of its ongoing efforts to track economic subsidies to corporations. “The idea that any private party would be told of a records request by a journalist made to a government entity violates everyone's understanding about what is a public record,” they say. “It indicates that the public office is averse to disclosure, and is trying to help the private party either brace for the disclosure, or be strategic in how or what is disclosed.”
“The idea that any private party would be told of a records request by a journalist made to a government entity violates everyone's understanding about what is a public record.”
Of course, corporate efforts to control closed-door dealmaking aren't exactly new. In 2009, Aimee Edmondson, an associate professor at the E.W. Scripps School of Journalism at Ohio University, embarked on a 50-state analysis of state codes to understand how sunshine laws were restricted in the name of economic development. The study, titled “Prisoners of Private Industry: Economic Development and State Sunshine Laws,” found that at least 15 states had exemptions that closed all or part of such negotiations to the public. It's not only meetings but records that are sometimes exempt from disclosure. For example, in Arkansas, the decision as to whether records related to a project are released to the public is left to the private company.
TRENDING: Texas Monthly EIC wades into an ethical gray zone
When I told Edmondson about the Facebook and Amazon “heads-up” requirements in recent agreements, they expressed concern. “I find that kind of clause very odd,” they say. “I think that's a way for these big tech companies, who local officials are so busy courting, to take the temperature of the community and gauge whether there's going to be pushback on projects. But it goes against the spirit of the sunshine laws. Clearly, they are concerned about media coverage and controlling press coverage. But anytime you have a situation where the only party that knows what is going on is the private company, there's something fundamentally wrong.”
It's not only within lucrative tax incentive deals that Amazon has sought to prevent public disclosure. Earlier this month, Ohio regulators approved a deal Amazon sought through its Vadata subsidiary, in private negotiations with the region's largest public utility, American Electric Power. Amazon won a discount on its electricity costs, a significant cost for data center facilities, by threatening to take a massive expansion to another state. Amazon already operates three data centers in Ohio, and held out as a carrot plans to build 12 more. I asked JobsOhio if the state was offering additional tax credits to nail down the new data center construction. “That's an easy answer,” spokesperson Matt Englehart says. “That's proprietary.”
If Amazon goes forward with such a massive building boom, it could become the single-biggest customer for American Electric Power in Ohio, potentially giving it enormous leverage to extract price concessions. But everyday retail customers of AEP might never be informed that their electric bills inched higher because of Amazon's deal. That's because only Amazon, AEP, and commissioners on the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio, which is stacked with Kasich appointees and former industry players, know the exact details of the discount. Amazon claims such information is a “trade secret.”
Meanwhile, Amazon's employment base in Ohio has grown to more than 6,000, but it hasn't ushered in an era of shared prosperity. One in 10 Amazon workers in Ohio are receiving benefits through the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, according to a recent report by Policy Matters Ohio. And instead of bringing economic revival, Amazon drives wages down by an average of 3 percent in cities and towns where it opens fulfillment centers, according to a recent analysis by The Economist. Despite this, billions in additional tax incentives are now on the line as Amazon's hunt for a second corporate headquarters narrows to 20 cities, including Columbus.
The tech giant, in conference calls with officials in the remaining cities, has made it clear contenders must do a better job controlling what information the public knows. The second-round RFP must not be released. Site visits must not be public events. In short, the demand of public officials by Amazon is unequivocal: Keep our secrets or you're out of the running.
ICYMI: The Wall Street Journal unleashes a bombshell report
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Mya Frazier is a business and investigative journalist based in Columbus, Ohio.
The first show of Santa Barbara Dance Theatre's fall season will be an original dance-drama — stress on “original” — called “Yes Is a Long Time,” conceived and directed by UCSB faculty member Mira Kingsley (who also performs).
It was written by Sibyl O'Malley and choreographed in collaboration with performers Antonio Anagaran Jr. and Jacqueline Kim; with scenic and projection design by Dan Evans, sound design by Colbert Davis IV, costume design by Leah Piehl and lighting design by Pablo Molina.
“Yes Is a Long Time” opens at 8 p.m. Friday in UCSB's Hatlen Theater.
Anything that has actually happened in the past, no matter what the scale, qualifies as an “historical event,” so if I say that “Yes Is a Long Time” is based on an historical event, you needn't expect kings or statesmen or armies, but you can rest assured that there is sufficient documentary evidence to establish its authenticity.
So — ahem! — history records that on Jan. 2, 2007, in the modest, unremarkable community of Freehold, N.J., a small but very heavy chunk of something crashed through the roof of a “normal” family's house and came to rest in the family's guest bedroom. The news media and various other authorities were called, and after considerable brouhaha and examination, scientists determined that the object was a meteorite. (It is a curious, if eventually irrelevant, fact that the only other meteorite to have landed in a home, landed in the same county of New Jersey.)
Then, after extensive further testing, the scientists decided that the so-called “meteorite” was, in fact, nothing but “common space junk” — no big deal, thus, unless it happened to hit a human.
That was the end of the historical event, apparently, but it can scarcely have been the end of the family's involvement with it. In fashioning a work of theater art from the story, Mira Kingsley postulates, quite reasonably, that having a solid piece of outer space fall through their roof caused a seismic shift in the family's perception of the universe, provoking a complete rethinking of their relation to the cosmos. It is this shift, this rethinking, that is dramatized in “Yes Is a Long Time.”
“Yes Is a Long Time” plays at 8 p.m. Friday and Saturday, and at 2 p.m. Saturday and Sunday. A “talkback” will follow Friday's performance.
Tickets are $13 for students, seniors and UCSB faculty and staff, and $17 for general admission. Tickets are available from the ticket office, across from the Hatlen Theater, or click here.
— Gerald Carpenter covers the arts as a Noozhawk contributing writer. They can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Fitch:
* FITCH REVISES AZERBAIJAN‘S OUTLOOK TO STABLE; AFFIRMS AT ‘BB+'
* FITCH SAYS REVISION OF OUTLOOK ON AZERBAIJAN‘S IDRS REFLECTS ITS MEDIUM MACRO-STABILITY IMPROVING IN 2017 AFTER TWO YEARS OF TURBULENCE
* FITCH SAYS REVISION OF OUTLOOK ON AZERBAIJAN‘S IDRS ALSO REFLECTS PROGRESS IN CLEAN-UP OF ITS BANKING SECTOR
* FITCH SAYS ‍POLITICAL RISK FOR AZERBAIJAN ASSOCIATED WITH UNRESOLVED CONFLICT WITH ARMENIA OVER NAGORNO-KARABAKH REMAINS MATERIAL ​ Source text for Eikon:
March 29 Digiwin Software Co Ltd :
* Sees net loss for FY 2017 Q1 to be 8 million yuan to 13 million yuan, compared to net loss in FY 2016 Q1(6.4 million yuan)
* Says increased investment of platform transformation as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/f5uh91
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
From Al Jazeera. Any opinions expressed are those of the authors, and do not necessarily reflect the views of Iraq Business News.
Iraq's prime minister has rejected Saudi and UAE media claims that a $500m ransom was paid by Qatar to Shia Muslim armed groups in Iraq to secure the release of 26 kidnapped Qatari hunters.
Haider al-Abadi said that money was received by the Iraqi government but the sum was still in the Iraqi central bank.
Al Jazeera's Alan Fisher reports:
ASUNCION, April 28 Paraguay's central bank raised its forecast for the country's 2017 growth to 4.2 percent on Friday, up from a previous estimate of 3.7 percent, driven by larger agricultural output in the soy- and beef-exporting nation.
Last week, central bank chief Carlos Fernandez told Reuters in an interview the economy would grow just over 4 percent. The Finance Ministry also expects growth in the landlocked South American country to reach 4.2 percent this year. (Reporting by Mariel Cristaldo; Writing by Luc Cohen; Editing by Sandra Maler)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
Watching the Republican presidential candidates and their agitated Tea Party supporters at the CNN/Tea Party debate, an ordinary citizen might feel confused. Those people sound angry, but exactly what do they believe our government should (and shouldn't) do on behalf of its citizens?
Ensuring affordable health care for everyone seemed to be on the forbidden list, even for Mitt Romney, who had tried to do exactly that as governor of Massachusetts. Every one of the candidates vehemently insisted, with predictably enthusiastic applause, that President Barack Obama's health-care reform must go immediately, if not sooner. And just as predictably, none of them suggested how to provide affordable health care to the roughly 50 million Americans who lack coverage — a number that reached a new record last month.
Indeed, when CNN anchor Wolf Blitzer asked whether a young man lacking private health insurance should simply be allowed to die if they suddenly suffered an accident or illness, some audience members screamed “Yes!” Many of the rest cheered, while the would-be presidents stood by woodenly, without the dignity of a demurral.
It was a revealing moment that may foretell a new and meaner Republican platform: If you lose your job and your health care, don't expect any help, except perhaps from the church. And if your innocent kids get sick, too bad for them. Forget about Medicare, Medicaid and any American who can't afford private insurance. This is a free country — so don't get sick.
“That's what freedom is all about — taking your own risks,” said Ron Paul (a medical doctor who doesn't apply the Hippocratic Oath to their congressional service) in answering Blitzer. “This whole idea that you have to take care of everybody ...” they went on disdainfully, before the audience cut them off with shrieks and applause.
Yet during the same debate, Rick Perry, the GOP's leading contender, justified their program to inoculate young schoolgirls against cervical cancer by explaining that they were putting life first, as always — and then boasted about the millions of state dollars they have spent seeking a cure for cancer. While all the other candidates attacked the Texas governor for their Gardasil vaccination program, what bothered them more than the state funding was the alleged lack of parental consent. In principle, most of them seemed to think that state-funded protection for children against a deadly disease might even be acceptable.
Perry themselves wasn't exactly clear on this topic, either, since they have denounced Medicare as unconstitutional. They took umbrage at Michele Bachmann's suggestion that a $5,000 donation from the vaccine's distributor had influenced their decision — but they actually took at least five times that amount, so perhaps Texas is just a place where legal bribes, like everything else, are bigger.
For anyone trying to understand what Republicans think about government's role in health care, however, the debate displayed a puzzling level of incoherence. Is vaccinating schoolchildren a state function? Should taxpayers fund a cure for cancer? And why should government at the state or federal level assume responsibility for those needs, while ignoring millions of families and individuals without health insurance?
These are not academic questions, even for right-wing ideologues. Within hours after the debate concluded, the Gawker website revisited the sad story of Kent Snyder, the late libertarian activist behind the Paul presidential industry who died three years ago from complications of pneumonia. It was Snyder who pushed Paul into the presidential sweepstakes that have brought them millions of dollars and landed their dim son Rand Paul in the U.S. Senate.
Snyder died without insurance — which their sister said was unaffordable to them because of a pre-existing medical condition — and left $400,000 in hospital bills for their mother. Whether the Paul family did anything to help the Snyder family isn't clear, but other friends were driven to take up an Internet collection to help defray the costs.
Lack of insurance — and the lack of adequate insurance — present a daily concern for increasing numbers of Americans. According to the Census Bureau, the exact number has reached 49.9 million, the highest number since the advent of Medicare and Medicaid and the highest percentage of uninsured Americans since the recession of 1976.
The consequences are tragic and, although financially costly to American society compared with other advanced countries, go far beyond mere money. Being uninsured means foregoing necessary care, especially preventive care, which annually causes the premature deaths of at least 50,000 people.
The Republicans up on that debate stage and the Tea Party claque don't think this is their problem. They don't care. They must be the only Christians in the world who would cheer wildly at the idea of someone dying from lack of health insurance. And they will nevertheless vote for the Texan who spent millions of state dollars vaccinating those little girls. Is it the fury and the bile that kills brain cells?
— Joe Conason writes for Creators Syndicate. Click here for more information, or click here to contact him.
Without treating the underlying causes of High Cholesterol, millions of hyperlipidemia patients have to suffer the incurable disease and take whole life Statins and related side-effects.It is time for this situation to be ended.
Contact
Maxwell Chan
SkyBlue Cross
***@skybluecross.com Maxwell ChanSkyBlue Cross
End
-- The Newest Food Heal Therapy for High Cholesterol just be invented and developed.Maxwell Chan, Senior consultant, SkyBlue Cross Say:According to CDC.gov: High cholesterol is a significant risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and specifically for coronary heart disease (CHD).Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in the U.S. In fact, it kills more Americans each year than all cancers combined. Approximately 17% of all national healthcare spending[In 2015, U.S. health care spending increased 5.8 percent to reach $3.2 trillion, or $9,990 per person] focuses on this disease alone.Convention medicine, which has been developed since 19th century, is good at acute care, the diagnosis and treatment of trauma or illness that is short term, and in need of emergency care, such as stroke, or broken arm. Practitioners only need to apply pre-set treatments such as surgery or medicine that target at the immediate health problem or symptom.Nowadays, most cares for high cholesterol have unique goal that is to lower the cholesterol level, they put aside the underlying causes of high cholesterol, then high cholesterol become treatable health problem, but cannot be cured; hyperlipidemia patients have to take prescription for lifelong.Hyperlipidemia is not a sickness, but kind of digestion system metabolic status instead, which may be complicated health status connected to liver, kidney, and spleen functions. Each high cholesterol patient has its particular underling cause, simply applying a lifelong taking satin prescription to all high cholesterol could be medical malpractice.There are different types of high cholesterol with different underlying causes of high cholesterol. It is terrible medical malpractice to treat high cholesterol without addressing the cause. To address the underlying cause of high cholesterol the most important key to treat cholesterol. Book: "Naturally Balanced your Cholesterol Level: Functional Food Therapeutic Lifestyle Change Intervention Program" give out 14 common complex types of high cholesterol and treatment solutions which make high cholesterol become curable, and let high cholesterol patient don't need to take prescription Satins for lifelong anymore.Functional food therapeutic lifestyle change mediation/intervention program just be invented against High Cholesterol in side-effect free, effective natural health therapy way.For more detail information, please search "" on Google. the book also give out 14 common underlying causes of high cholesterol and related medical solutions. https://www.amazon.com/ dp/B01MQCJP63 Sourse http://functionalfoodtherapeuticlifestylechangeinterventi... Functional Food therapeutic lifestyle changes program demand practitioners to spend time with their patient, observing their lifestyle, considering all their interactions among lifestyle, complex chronic diseases, environment, and family genetic influence. By this way, the program can help each high cholesterol patient to treat the specific hyperlipidemia.To address the underlying causes of disease with a system-oriented approach, and to integrate both patient and medical/healthcare practitioner in an interactive natural health therapeutic partnership is tendency of 21st century healthcare.Functional food therapeutic lifestyle change mediation/intervention program makes use of the above Innovative health care philosophy and developed many especial programs for many common chronic diseases.Sourse: http://functionalfoodtherapeuticlifestylechangeintervention.com/
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 3 Beijing Tianli Mobile Service Integration Inc :
* Sees net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to decrease by 10 percent to 30 percent, or to be 9.5 million yuan to 12.2 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (13.5 million yuan)
* Says legal fees as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/hBjrMh
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
AUSTIN, Texas Four people were killed and nearly 70,000 customers were without electricity on Wednesday after storms pounded Texas, Oklahoma and Louisiana with tornadoes, torrential rain and hail.
Three storm chasers trying to track tornadoes in the Texas Panhandle region died when two cars they were in slammed into each other near Spur on Tuesday night, police said.
In Oklahoma, a truck driver was killed near El Reno in a roll-over crash likely caused by high winds, police said.
One tornado that snapped power poles and trees was reported in Texas on Wednesday about 85 miles (140 km) northeast of Houston, the National Weather Service said. The service issued a tornado watch for eastern Texas, extending into large parts of Louisiana. It also issued a tornado watch for parts of Oklahoma, Arkansas, Kansas and Missouri.
There were 15 reports of tornadoes from the storms overnight on Tuesday in Texas, with most of the twisters in the Panhandle and western parts of the state, the National Weather Service said. Hail, some as large as baseballs, pounded Texas, Oklahoma and Kansas overnight causing damage to cars.
The system took a heavy toll on utilities in North Texas, where provider Oncor TXEFHO.UL said about 50,000 of its customers in the Dallas-Fort Worth area were without power as of Wednesday afternoon. Also thousands of other customers in Texas, Oklahoma and Louisiana were without power, various utilities reported.
The storms led to nearly 70 flight cancellations at airports in Houston as of 4 p.m. CST (2100 GMT), tracking service FlightAware.com reported.
A number of school closed in North Texas on Wednesday morning due to lack of power, causing delays for students taking an annual achievement test known as STAAR, or the State of Texas Assessments of Academic Readiness.
"Storms throughout Texas yesterday and today? Proof that God doesn't like #STAAR either! #imateacher," Twitter user @kekis26 wrote on the social media site.
(Reporting by Jon Herskovitz; Additional reporting by Lisa Maria Garza in Dallas; Editing by Andrea Ricci and James Dalgleish)
Over the last six and a half years, seven-year-old Jethro has received 673 bags of plasma to boost their red blood count.
Today they are being given 570ml in two bags, over five hours.
Jethro has haemolitic uramic syndrome, the breakdown of red blood cells causing renal failure, micro clotting to the major organs, risk of heart attack, stroke and potentially death.
Dr Ranford Addo says plasma for Jethro is lifesaving.
"In the sense that they don't make an important component of the plasma by himself.  They are one of just a handful of patients in the country with this condition."
Plasma differs from donating whole blood, in that the donor's red blood cells and plasma are separated, with the red cells channelled back to the donor.
"[Jethro] has a good sense of humour, and that is important when you have a chronic condition like they do," Dr Addo said.
But at any time, Jethro could develop an immunity to the plasma, leaving them vulnerable to kidney failure and a host of other life-threatening conditions.
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Seed Potatoes Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market. The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth, market demands, business strategies, consumption volume, market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025. New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations, reliability and quality issues. The Prominent Manufacturers included Company12.
The Seed Potatoes Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly. The research report analyzes the market size, industry share, growth, key segments, CAGR and key drivers. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2013-2018 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Seed Potatoes industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-seed-potatoes-market/10150/#requestforsample
The Seed Potatoes Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers. The Porter's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist business people in recognizing the spirited background of the market. This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market, and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness, rate of development, and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, volume delivered (in kilo tons) and the income it produces (in US$), demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Seed Potatoes Market Products Type Segmentation : GMOs, non-GMOs.
Seed Potatoes Market Applications Segmentation : Santific Research, Farm, Others.
Key Highlights of the Seed Potatoes Market :
1) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
2) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.
3) It depicts parameters such as production value, capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers.
4) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.
5) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-seed-potatoes-market/10150/#inquiry
In the conclusion, The Seed Potatoes market downstream consumer analysis, upstream raw materials, different types of equipment are concealed in the report. Research findings, conclusions, industry feasibility analysis, vendors and traders involved, appendix data and figures in the form of tables, graphs, and pie-charts.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Thinking of changing your looks to something sleek and stylish or just want to get rid of you old look and go for straight hair. Well, some celebrities might cheer for you if you are going down that road. Whatever the case, getting your hair straight is no kid's play. You need to look for a hair straightener that cares for your hair the same as you. But do you know how straightening your hair can actually be beneficial for you? And what about the hair straightener itself, what does a good hair straightener have? Phew!
If you haven't given these things a thought then please do. It's a matter of your Hair's health and your wealth. Now coming to the point, there are numerous reasons why hair straightening is actually beneficial apart from the looks it gives you. As you know that Natural hair and especially curly hair requires a lot of products and this can build up on the scalp. Keeping your hair straight every once in a while allow for an easy and thorough scalp treatment.
SEOUL, April 28 There was no change in South Korea's position that the United States bears the cost of the THAAD anti-missile defence system, the country's defence ministry said on Friday.
It was responding to remarks made by U.S. President Donald Trump in an interview with Reuters, that they wanted South Korea to pay for the THAAD system.
"There is no change in South Korea and the United States' position that our government provides the land and supporting facilities and the U.S. bears the cost of THAAD system's deployment, operation and maintenance," the ministry said in a statement. (Reporting by Ju-min Park; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
May 3 Quintiles Ims Holdings Inc
* Quintilesims reports first-quarter 2017 results and raises full-year 2017 adjusted diluted eps guidance
* Q1 gaap earnings per share $0.31
* Quintiles ims holdings inc - full-year guidance reaffirmed for revenue and adjusted ebitda
* Sees q2 adjusted earnings per share $1.02 to $1.07
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $1.01
* Sees q2 revenue $1.93 billion to $1.97 billion
* Quintiles ims holdings inc - full-year guidance raised for adjusted diluted earnings per share
* Q1 revenue $1.911 billion versus i/b/e/s view $1.91 billion
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.96 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q2 earnings per share view $1.08, revenue view $2.01 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Quintiles ims holdings inc sees fy 2017 adjusted diluted earnings per share is raised to $4.45 to $4.60
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $4.48, revenue view $8.05 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross holds a news conference at the Department of Commerce in Washington, D.C., U.S. March 10, 2017. REUTERS/Eric Thayer
WASHINGTON The U.S. Department of Commerce made a final finding that seven foreign producers dumped certain carbon and alloy steel cut-to-length plate in the U.S. market, allowing it to impose duties ranging from 3.62 percent to 148 percent, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said on Thursday.
The determinations of dumping, or selling a product below its fair price, apply to imports of CTL plate from Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, South Korea and Taiwan, Ross said.
In addition, there was a final finding that South Korean imports were subsidized, leading to a countervailing duty of 4.31 percent being slapped on those products, they said at a department event.
"A healthy steel industry is critical to our economy and manufacturing base, yet our steel industry today is under assault from foreign producers that dump and subsidize their exports," Ross told the audience.
In 2015, imports of CTL plate from the seven producers totaled $732 million, with those from Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Korea and Taiwan valued at an estimated $14.2 million, $19.8 million, $179 million, $196.2 million, $37 million, $54.9 million, $210 million and $21 million, respectively, department figures show. (bit.ly/2mSZM1Z)
Cut-to-length steel is used in a wide range of applications, including buildings and bridgework; agricultural, construction and mining equipment; machine parts and tooling; ships, rail cars, tankers and barges; and large-diameter pipe.
The finding followed an investigation prompted by a petition from Nucor Corp and U.S. subsidiaries of ArcelorMittal SA and SSAB AB.
For Austrian producers and exporters, dumping duties on the Voestalpine group and all others were set at 53.72 percent.
They were 5.4 percent for Industeel Belgium, 51.78 percent for the NLMK Belgium group and 5.4 percent for all other Belgium producers and exporters.
Among French manufacturers and exporters, duty rates were set at 148.02 percent for Industeel France and 8.62 percent for Dillinger France and all others.
In Germany, duties were set at 5.38 percent for AG der Dillinger Hüttenwerke, 22.90 percent for the Salzgitter group and 21.03 percent for all other exporters and producers.
A spokesperson for Salzgitter confirmed the company was facing duties, saying the decision to impose the duties and the level of them were incomprehensible.
In Italy, the department set anti-dumping duty rates of 6.08 percent for Officine Tecnosider, 22.19 percent for Marcegaglia SpA and NLMK Verona SpA and 6.08 percent for all other producers and exporters.
Among Japanese producers and exporters, Tokyo Steel Manufacturing Co Ltd was hit with a duty rate of 14.79 percent. A rate of 48.67 percent was imposed on JFE Steel Corp and Shimabun Corp, and for all others it was set at 14.79 percent.
Taiwanese companies Shang Chen Steel Co Ltd and China Steel Corp had anti-dumping duties of 3.62 percent and 6.95 percent, respectively, imposed on them. The rate for other producers and exporters was set at 5.29 percent.
For South Korea, the department imposed an anti-dumping duty of 7.39 percent on POSCO, as well as a countervailing duty of 4.31 percent to account for subsidies. The same rates apply to all other producers and exporters.
The findings allow the department to ask U.S. Customs authorities to collect cash deposits from exporters based on those rates.
On March 3, in a decision stemming from the same investigation, the U.S. International Trade Commission said it had made a final finding that U.S. industry was being harmed by the dumping and subsidization of imports of carbon and alloy steel CTL plate from China. That allows for the final imposition of duties by the Commerce Department on China's producers and exporters of the plate.
(Reporting by Eric Walsh; Additional reporting by Georgina Prodhan; Editing by Dan Grebler and Peter Cooney)
Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi greets Pope Francis upon their arrival to Cairo, Egypt April 28, 2017 in this handout picture courtesy of the Egyptian Presidency. The Egyptian Presidency/Handout via REUTERS
Pope Francis meeting Egypt's President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi at the Ittihadiya presidential palace in Cairo, Egypt April 28, 2017. in this handout picture courtesy of the Egyptian Presidency. The Egyptian Presidency/Handout via REUTERS
CAIRO Leaders of all faiths should unite in renouncing religious extremism and counter the "barbarity of those who foment hatred and violence," Pope Francis said on Friday at the start of a two-day visit to Cairo.
"Let us say once a more firm and clear 'No!' to every form of violence, vengeance and hatred carried out in the name of religion or in the name of God," the pope told a peace conference at Egypt's highest Islamic authority, Al-Azhar.
Francis's trip, aimed at improving ties between Muslims and Roman Catholics, comes three weeks after Islamic State suicide bombers killed at least 45 people in two Egyptian churches.
(Reporting by Crispian Balmer; Editing by Giles Elgood)
MIAMI GARDENS, FLA. (WSVN) - Officials were dispatched to the scene of a reported shooting in Miami Gardens, Friday night.
Police and Miami-Dade Fire Rescue crews responded to the scene, along the 15000 block of Northwest 32nd Place, just before 7 p.m.
According to police, a 32-year-old man was struck by a bullet in their home when shots were fired into the residence.
Officials said the victim was transported to Aventura Hospital in extremely critical condition.
No arrests have been made at this time.
This shooting remains under investigation.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
(Repeats to fix link)
March 31 Pfeiffer Vacuum
* Says management board of Pfeiffer Vacuum Technology AG has after failure of first offer acknowledged intention of Pangea Gmbh in accordance with §10 wpüg to launch another public offer for all outstanding shares of pfeiffer vacuum at a price of eur 110.00 per share in cash
* Says as first offer, this offer is unsolicited and has not been discussed with management and supervisory board of pfeiffer vacuum prior to publication
* There has been no dialog about the plans of Busch Group and a strategic concept related to Pfeiffer Vacuum even though the intention to launch another public offer is sufficient proof that Busch Group aims for control of Pfeiffer Vacuum.
* Says again Busch Group is not prepared to offer a customary market premium for a change of control transaction
* Says announced offer price is even below current share price
* Says management and supervisory board will review offer together with its financial and legal advisors once offer document is available and issue a reasoned statement thereafter
* Says shareholders of Pfeiffer Vacuum should wait until they can review this statement before taking any action Source text: goo.gl/r7KoeQ Further company coverage:
The logo of Ford is seen during the 87th International Motor Show at Palexpo in Geneva, Switzerland March 8, 2017. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
BEIJING Ford Motor Co (F.N) said it would launch a plug-in hybrid car in China in 2018 and a fully electric sport-utility vehicle in the next five years, as it works toward electrifying most of its lineup in the world's biggest auto market by 2025.
This comes at a time when Beijing is urging automakers to sell more electric vehicles, laying out strict fuel economy targets and subsidizing certain new energy vehicle models, in a bid to cut air pollution and promote technological innovation.
"The time is right for Ford to expand our EV (electric vehicle) lineup and investments in China," Ford Chief Executive Mark Fields said in a statement on Thursday.
The U.S. automaker, which makes cars in China through a joint venture with Chongqing Changan Automobile Co 000625.SZ, said it plans for 70 percent of Ford brand vehicles sold in China to be conventional hybrids, plug-in hybrids or full battery electric by 2025.
Ford said it would launch its first hybrid that is locally made with Changan, the Mondeo Energi sedan, early next year.
(Reporting by Jake Spring; Editing by Himani Sarkar)
AIRSHOW-CDB in talks with Boeing, Airbus ahead of Le Bourget
PARIS, June 15 CDB Aviation, the aircraft leasing arm of China Development Bank, is in talks to place orders with both Boeing and Airbus and could complete at least one of the deals by as early as next week's Paris Airshow, two people familiar with the matter said.
Golf-Erin Hills new major mountain for golfers to conquer
ERIN HILLS, Wisconsin, June 13 The U.S. Open is about as close as golfers get to stepping into a ring and this year they face a new contender for the sport's toughest test when they take on Erin Hills.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Tourists hold umbrellas as they visit Tiananmen Square during a rainstorm in Beijing, China August 12, 2017.
BEIJING (Reuters) - Storms swept across Beijing and southeastern China on Saturday, disrupting thousands of flights and flooding towns, while authorities warned that rain and wind could cause landslides in the area where a 7.0-magnitude earthquake struck this week.
Beijing authorities raised their weather alert level to "orange" from "yellow" early in the afternoon, warning against lightning, hail, wind and as much as 70 mm (three inches) of rain, threatening flash floods in mountainous areas.
By early afternoon rain subsided in some parts of the capital, but nine roads were still flooded and 171 tourist sites were shut, the official news agency Xinhua said.
At Beijing International, one of the world's largest airports and China's busiest, more than 1,600 flights were listed as cancelled since midnight and over 300 were delayed, the website of Beijing Capital International Airport Co Ltd showed, urging travellers to check for flight updates.
Air China Ltd said on its Weibo social media account that about 225 of its flights in and out of the capital had been cancelled by 4 p.m. (0800 GMT).
Torrential rainstorms are fairly frequent in Beijing in the summer months, often causing long delays at the airport.
One user of China's Twitter-like Weibo said they had been stuck at the airport for eight hours waiting for a flight home.
A woman holding an umbrella makes their way during a rainstorm in Beijing, China August 12, 2017. Stringer
"There are no free seats, I'm having to sit on the floor, I'm jetlagged and I'm really tired," said the user, who goes by the handle 'Vivian not soymilk'.
Other airports affected by the downpours included Shanghai, Nanjing in Jiangsu province, Hangzhou in Zhejiang along the Yangtze River delta.
The others were in northern regions: Shijiazhuang in Hebei, Taiyuan in Shanxi, Lanzhou in Gansu, Xining in Qinghai and Yinchuan in Ningxia.
In a statement, China's National Meteorological Centre cautioned rescue crews working in Jiuzhaigou, in the southwestern province of Sichuan, to be on alert for landslides and lightning.
Heavy rain was expected across south-eastern China on Saturday, it said.
Widespread flooding hit two areas, Xiangbei and Xiangxi in the southern province of Hunan, Xinhua said. Rainfall across the province ranged from 100 mm (4 inches) to 200 mm (8 inches).
The extreme weather followed a tornado that struck Inner Mongolia on Friday, killing five people, injuring more than 50 and destroying homes in a major city.
A drier and warmer weather pattern will take over the region today as high pressure returns. Some patchy morning valley fog will give way to sunny skies east and a few afternoon thunderstorms will be possible west. Warmer temperatures will also increase snowmelt and water levels in most streams and rivers across the region.
Detailed Forecast
Today Isolated showers and thunderstorms after noon. Some of the storms could produce gusty winds. Sunny, with a high near 76. Southwest wind 5 to 13 mph. Chance of precipitation is 20%. Tonight Partly cloudy, with a low around 47. South wind 5 to 13 mph. Thursday Mostly sunny, with a high near 79. Breezy, with a south southwest wind 5 to 10 mph increasing to 17 to 22 mph in the afternoon. Winds could gust as high as 31 mph. Thursday Night Partly cloudy, with a low around 46. Breezy, with a southwest wind 16 to 21 mph decreasing to 6 to 11 mph after midnight. Winds could gust as high as 29 mph. Friday A slight chance of showers, with thunderstorms also possible after noon. Partly sunny, with a high near 69. Breezy, with a west wind 7 to 17 mph, with gusts as high as 23 mph. Chance of precipitation is 20%. Friday Night Mostly clear, with a low around 41. Breezy, with a west northwest wind 12 to 17 mph decreasing to 6 to 11 mph after midnight. Winds could gust as high as 23 mph.
Saturday
Sunny, with a high near 73. West wind 6 to 8 mph. Saturday Night Clear, with a low around 45. Sunday Sunny, with a high near 79. Sunday Night Mostly clear, with a low around 47. Monday Sunny, with a high near 80. Monday Night Partly cloudy, with a low around 49. Breezy.
Tuesday
WASHINGTON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The U.S. Treasury Department said in a report submitted to Congress that expanding sanctions on Russia to include new sovereign debt would have “negative spillover effects” on global financial markets and businesses, Bloomberg reported on Friday.
“Given the size of Russia's economy, its interconnectedness and prevalence in global asset markets, and the likely over-compliance by global firms to U.S. sanctions, the magnitude and scope of consequences from expanding sanctions to sovereign debt and derivatives is uncertain and the effects could be borne by both the Russian Federation and U.S. investors and businesses,” said the report, which was submitted to Congress on Monday.
Bloomberg said investors interpreted the report to mean the United States was unlikely to sanction debt markets despite pressure from Congress for more action to punish Russia for its alleged meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
Sanctions against sovereign debt, the report said, could put downward pressure on Russian economic growth, increase the strain on the banking sector and “lead to Russian retaliation against U.S. interests,” according to Bloomberg.
The report also warned that sanctions on sovereign debt could affect the “competitiveness of large U.S. asset managers,” Bloomberg said.
U.S. President Donald Trump's administration on Tuesday published a list of 210 Russians, including 96 so-called oligarchs worth $1 billion or more, as required under a sanctions law passed by Congress, but it did not immediately impose any new penalties on them.
The failure to impose any new sanctions drew criticism from Democrats, but Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin told lawmakers at a hearing on Tuesday that new sanctions would eventually be levied on Russia in response to Moscow's interference in the U.S. election. (Reporting by Katanga Johnson; Editing by David Alexander and Bernadette Baum)
Bob Fisher
DES MOINES — Republican Governor Kim Reynolds today said the state tax code “does not align with today's economy,” and she's “open to all aspects” of tax reform in 2018.
State tax revenues currently are running far below expectations, however, prompting plans for extraordinary measures to ensure the current year's state budget doesn't slip into a deficit.
“We're going to put everything on the table and that means we take a look at holistically how we can do comprehensive tax reform,” Reynolds told reporters this morning. “…That is a priority. I believe that's the next thing we need to do to make sure Iowa is competitive, so that we can encourage business and industry to expand and grow and locate in the state of Iowa.”
But Reynolds said any tax reforms must be “sustainable” and cannot endanger previous state funding promises to school.
House Democratic Leader Mark Smith issued a written statement, saying the state's in a financial quandary now because of “corporate tax giveaways” that have “slowed the state's economy” rather than stimulate it. They said university students are being forced, instead, to pay higher tuition and property owners are paying higher taxes.
(Repeats story from Saturday)
* Nov PPI +5.8 pct y/y (poll +5.9 pct)
* Producer price inflation eases to lowest in four months
* Produce prices seen cooling further in coming months
* Nov CPI +1.7 pct y/y (poll +1.8 pct)
By Stella Qiu and Kevin Yao
BEIJING, Dec 9 (Reuters) - China's producer price inflation slowed to a four-month low in November as factory activity softened due to the government's efforts to curb pollution, cooling demand from factories for raw materials.
Producer prices rose 5.8 percent from a year earlier - the lowest since July, the National Bureau of Statistics said on Saturday. The rise was slightly less than market expectations and compared with the previous month's 6.9 percent increase.
Analysts polled by Reuters had predicted the PPI in November would rise an annual 5.9 percent, easing back also because of a high base a year earlier.
“The environmental protection drive could affect production of middle- and low-stream firms, easing demand for raw materials,” said Wen Bin, an economist at Minsheng Bank in Beijing.
“Looking ahead, producer price inflation is likely to slow steadily due partly to the high base effect.”
On a month-on-month basis, the PPI rose 0.5 percent in November.
As northern China officially entered the heating season in mid-November, the government has stepped up efforts to address winter smog, ordering many steel mills, smelters and factories to curtail or halt production to rein in pollution.
Analysts expect producer price pressures to recede as the war on smog curtails production, cooling demand from factories for raw materials.
Raw materials prices rose 7.5 percent in November year-on-year, compared with 9 percent in October, data from the statistics bureau showed.
However, production curbs at factories have triggered fears of supply shortages, giving a major boost to iron ore and steel futures prices. Shanghai steel futures rose 9.7 percent in November, while iron ore prices surged 16.5 percent over the month.
In particular, the government's plan ordering millions of households in northern China to convert to gas heating from coal this year caused an unexpected shortage in natural gas supplies as prices soared despite a record amount of natural gas imports in November.
Oil and natural gas prices jumped 20.3 percent year-on-year in November, compared with a 16.5 percent rise in October, the bureau's data showed.
Coal mining and processing prices rose 8.6 percent from a year earlier, compared with a 19.7 percent rise in October.
The latest anti-pollution measures come on top of ongoing government efforts to trim down and upgrade the country's bloated industrial sector by shutting outdated capacity, which has also helped support producer prices.
CONSUMER PRICES SOFTEN
China's consumer inflation, which has stayed well within Beijing's 2017 target of 3 percent this year, also slowed more than expected in November to 1.7 percent from 1.9 percent previously, as food prices fell.
Non-food price inflation quickened to 2.5 percent in November from 2.4 percent in October.
The consumer price index (CPI) had been expected to edge down to 1.8 percent on-year compared with an increase of 1.9 percent in October.
The world's second-biggest economy has defied market expectations with economic growth of 6.9 percent in the first nine months of the year, supported by a construction boom and robust exports.
But factory activity has shown signs of cooling in the past few months as Beijing extended a crackdown on financial risks, which has increased borrowing costs and weighed on new investment.
LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - West Ham United have sacked director of player recruitment Tony Henry following allegations of racial discrimination, the Premier League club said on Friday.
According to a report in the Daily Mail newspaper, Henry said the club wanted to limit the number of African players in their squad as “they have a bad attitude” and “cause mayhem” when they are not in the team.
A statement from the club said: ”West Ham United have today terminated the contract of Director of Player Recruitment, Tony Henry, with immediate effect following their unacceptable comments that were widely reported in the press. Our action follows a full and thorough investigation.
“West Ham United will not tolerate any type of discrimination.”
The decision follows the Football Association announcing on Thursday that it was investigating the matter. (Reporting by Christian Radnedge; Editing by Pritha Sarkar)
Around 60 people have been killed in a bloody prison riot sparked by a war between rival drug gangs in the Amazon jungle city of Manaus, officials said on Monday, in some of the worst violence in years in Brazil's overcrowded prison system.
The head of security for Amazonas state, Sergio Fontes, told a news conference that the death toll could rise as authorities get a clearer idea of the scale of the rebellion sparked by a fight between rival drug gangs.
Manaus' Em Tempo newspaper reported that several of the dead had their decapitated bodies thrown over the prison wall.
The riot began late Sunday and was brought under control by around 7am on Monday, Fontes said. Authorities were still counting the prisoners to determine how many had escaped, they added.
International watchdog groups sharply criticise Brazil for its prison system, where overcrowding is the norm and deadly riots routinely break out.
The massacre was the latest clash between inmates aligned with the Sao Paulo-based First Capital Command (PCC) drug gang, Brazil's most powerful, and a local Manaus criminal group known as the North Family.
The Manaus-based gang is widely believed to be attacking PCC inmates at the behest of the Rio de Janeiro-based Red Command (CV) drug gang, Brazil's second largest.
Security analysts have said that a truce that held for years between the PCC and CV was broken last year, resulting in months of deadly prison battles between the gangs and sparking fears that chaos will spread to other prisons.
In the latest riot, a group of inmates exchanged gunfire with police and held 12 prison guards hostage late on Sunday in the largest prison in Manaus, an industrial city on the banks of the Amazon River, Globo TV reported.
Fontes said that 74 prisoners were taken hostage during the riot, with some executed and some released.
ADVERTISEMENT
A video posted on the website of the Manaus-based newspaper Em Tempo showed dozens of bloodied and mutilated bodies piled atop each other on the prison floor as other inmates milled about.
Brazil's prison system is precariously overcrowded and conditions in many institutions are horrific. That has sparked a rash of deadly riots in recent years.
Sunday's riot was the deadliest in years. A 1992 rebellion at the Carandiru prison in São Paulo state saw 111 inmates killed, nearly all of them by police as they retook the jail.
Reuters
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
BEIJING (Reuters) - Toyota Motor Corp's (7203.T) sales in China in January rose 24.5 percent from a year earlier to 127,500 vehicles, the company said on Friday.
The results compared with a 5.6 percent year-on-year drop in volume that it reported for December.
Toyota said it aims to sell as many as 1.4 million vehicles in China this year, up from the 1.29 million vehicles it sold in 2017.
LOS ANGELES — UCLA guard Jaylen Hands has withdrawn their name from the NBA draft and will return to school for their sophomore season.
Hands joins guard Kris Wilkes in deciding to forgo the pro ranks to play a second season in college.
Hands averaged 9.9 points, 4.0 rebounds and 2.6 assists for the Bruins last season. The San Diego native started 15 of 31 games in which they appeared.
Coach Steve Alford said Wednesday that Hands will be a vital part of the Bruins' backcourt and they have room to grow and improve.
May 2 Saia Inc:
* Saia LTL Freight's new terminals in Harrisburg, Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Newark, New Jersey are operational
* For the year, investments in equipment, infrastructure, new Northeastern terminals should total about $220 million, including recent purchase of Maryland facility Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
FILE PHOTO: United Party for National Development (UPND) Presidential candidate Hakainde Hichilema looks on during a rally in Lusaka January 18, 2015. REUTERS/Rogan Ward/Files
LUSAKA Zambian opposition leader Hakainde Hichilema has been arrested and will be charged with treason for allegedly obstructing President Edgar Lungu's motorcade, the national police chief said on Wednesday.
On Saturday, Lungu had passed through Mongu, 500 km (300 miles) west of the capital Lusaka and their motorcade was obstructed because Hichilema's refused to give way, police said.
They raided Hichilema's house early on Tuesday took them in for questioning.
The two men are old rivals, with Lungu beating Hichilema narrowly in two presidential elections. The Patriotic Front (PF) leader only just won last August's vote, which the opposition United Party for National Development (UPND) says was rigged.
"It has been established that the opposition leader disobeyed police orders to clear the way, thereby putting the life of the head of state in danger," police chief Kakoma Kanganja told reporters.
"We have today jointly charged and arrested Mr Hichilema and five others with treason."
Hichilema's lawyer Jack Mwiimbu said they were waiting for Hichilema to appear in court.
"After that, we are going to take appropriate action in the interest of our client," Mwiimbu told Reuters.
"He is still detained in police cells at Lilayi but they are in high spirits. They have always known that the PF have always wanted to charge them with a non-bailable offence, so they are not shocked," they said.
Zambia's Human Rights Commission (HRC), established under the constitution to investigate human rights violations, said in a statement, that it hoped Hichilema would be treated fairly and brought before the courts of law without unreasonable delay.
Kanganja said the police were acting independently and not under political pressure.
"I wish to reiterate that the actions by the opposition leader were unreasonable, reckless and criminal. Therefore members of the public are being warned that as police we are not going to watch such kind of behaviour by any person, irrespective of their status," they said.
Kanganja said some unnamed people had issued death threats to them and this was under investigation.
Hichilema was granted bail in October after being charged with sedition, a move their team said was an attempt by the ruling party to silence dissent.
Zambia's economy has been depressed for years by low commodity prices, mine closures, rising unemployment, power shortages and soaring food prices that Hichilema blames on mismanagement by Lungu.
(Writing by James Macharia; Editing by Louise Ireland)
May 3 (Reuters)exceet Group SE:
* Said on Tuesday 3M group sales at 35.4 million euros ($38.70 million), plus 12.4% to prior year (organic growth +11.5%)
* Q1 group EBITDA at 1.9 million euros or 5.4% of net sales, up 5.9% compared to Q1 2016
* On 31 March 2017, order backlog at 96.0 million euros
* Based on an encouraging start into 2017, maintains atthis early stage of year its cautiously optimistic assumptions concerning growth and profitability as published in last annual report
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9148 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
U.S. President Donald Trump displays an Executive Order on ''Offshore Energy Strategy'' at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump signed an executive order on Friday to extend offshore oil and gas drilling to areas that have been off limits, in a move to boost domestic production just as industry demand for the acreage nears the lowest in years.
The order could lead to a reversal of bans on drilling across swathes of the Atlantic, Pacific and Arctic oceans and the U.S. Gulf of Mexico that former President Barack Obama had sought to protect from development in the wake of the huge BP (BP.L) oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico in 2010.
"We're opening it up ... Today we're unleashing American energy and clearing the way for thousands and thousands of high-paying American energy jobs," Trump said as they signed the order.
Trump had campaigned on a promise to do away with Obama-era environmental protections they said were hobbling energy development without providing tangible benefits, pleasing industry and enraging environmental advocates.
The order, called the America-First Offshore Energy Strategy, directs the U.S. Department of Interior to review and replace the Obama administration's most recent five-year oil and gas development plan for the outer continental shelf, which includes federal waters off all U.S. coasts.
But the executive order comes as low oil prices and soaring onshore production have pushed industry demand for offshore leases near its lowest since 2012, raising questions over its impact.
"The Trump administration's hasty move today toward expanding offshore oil drilling ... defies market realities and is as reckless as it is unnecessary," said David Jenkins, president of Conservatives for Responsible Stewardship, a non-profit conservation group.
"Why on earth would someone choose to push drilling in the riskiest and most expensive places on the planet when the current oil glut will make such ventures unprofitable for the foreseeable future?" they said.
The amount of money that oil companies spent in the central Gulf of Mexico's annual lease sale dropped more than 75 percent between 2012 and 2017, according to government data. Dollars bid per acre and the percentage of acreage receiving bids both declined more than 50 percent.
The figures were similar in the western Gulf of Mexico, the only other zone that got offers for leases during that period, according to the figures from the U.S. Bureau of Ocean Energy Management.
An official at trade group American Petroleum Institute did not respond to a request for comment about offshore lease demand.
But API President Jack Gerard welcomed the executive order. "We are pleased to see this administration prioritising responsible U.S. energy development and recognising the benefits it will bring to American consumers and businesses," they said.
Weeks before leaving office, Obama banned new oil and gas drilling in federal waters in the Atlantic and Arctic oceans, protecting 115 million acres (46.5 million hectares) of waters off Alaska and 3.8 million acres in the Atlantic from New England to the Chesapeake Bay.
LEGAL BATTLE LOOMS
In addition to requiring a new five-year drilling plan, the order reverses Obama's decision to place parts of the Arctic permanently off limits to drilling. It also requires Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross to review previous presidents' designations of marine national monuments and sanctuaries.
Jill McLeod, a partner at international law firm Dorsey & Whitney, said Trump's order was a positive signal to the oil industry but was unlikely to trigger a surge in exploration in the near term given the costs.
"The lifting of the ban does not necessarily make drilling in the Arctic a compelling proposition," they said.
Environmental groups, including Oceana and the Center for Biological Diversity, criticized the order and promised to fight it in court. Democratic senators also opposed the order, saying it could threaten the fishing and tourism industries.
Friday's order came on the heels of a separate decree by Trump this week triggering a review of federally managed land to determine if they were improperly designated as national monuments by former presidents. The move is intended to expand federal areas available for development.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The AIG logo is seen at its building in New York's financial district March 19, 2015. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
American International Group Inc (AIG.N) is considering former company veteran Brian Duperreault, who heads Hamilton Insurance Group, as its new chief executive, CNBC said, citing a media report.
Former CEO Peter Hancock decided to step down after coming under pressure from shareholders and the insurer's board, following poor financial performance.
Duperreault oversaw the turnaround of Marsh & McLennan Cos Inc (MMC.N) after the 2008 financial crisis.
AIG said it does not comment on rumors, when contacted.
(Reporting by Nikhil Subba in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
ATLANTA (WJBF) – The future of reactors under construction at plant Vogtle is in question.
The Georgia Public Service Commission staff are recommending the commission shift some of the financial risks of construction to Georgia Power or cancel the project.
The project is billions over budget and years behind schedule. It's being paid for by a monthly tariff on current power bills.
The commission was originally supposed to decide whether construction should continue in February. Now, the company has asked the commission to make a decision on who will pay for the project by the end of the year, so if Georgia Power does decide to cancel construction, the company can write off the loss before a lower tax rate goes into effect in 2018.
Now, the commission is scheduled to make a decision on the plant's future on Dec. 21.
Families of men who died in the Pike River mine disaster have emerged from a meeting with Prime Minister Bill English in which they were told the government is going to stop the permanent sealing of the mine.
The families were told the government will stop the permanent sealing of the mine for now, while they continue to look at options.
Bernie Monk, a spokesperson for the families, said they still have a long way to go, but it is more promising than their meeting with John Key.
Mr English said the decision is not about politics, but safety.
"We lost 29 lives in that mine and I will not risk losing any more," they said.
They said there is "common ground" and the families' spokespeople, their experts and Solid Energy agree the mine needs to be made safe before an entry can occur.
"So we will request that Solid Energy halt work on the mine's permanent seal and explore options for an unmanned entry."
Mr English said the Government will make funding available for Solid Energy to explore options for an entry that will not put any further lives at risk.
The families are fighting against the coal mine on the West Coast being sealed and have a report which says it's safe to re-enter.
Explosions in the mine killed 29 men in November 2010.
Its owner, state-owned Solid Energy, wants to finally seal the mine but the families believe the drift - the tunnel leading into it - is safe to re-enter.
Maui Obituaries
Julia T. Ven
October 19, 1942 – December 6, 2017
Julia T. Ven, 75, of Kahului passed away on Dec. 6, 2017. They were born on Oct. 19, 1942, in the Philippines.
Visitation will be held at Norman's Mortuary on Monday, Dec. 12, 2017, from 6 to 9 p.m.; prayer service will begin at 7:30 p.m.
Visitation will also be held on Tuesday, Dec. 19, 2017, from 9 to 11 a.m., at Christ the King Catholic Church; mass will begin at 11 a.m.; burial will follow, 12:30 p.m., at Maui Memorial Park Cemetery, main section.
Julia worked at the Sheraton Maui Resort & Spa then retired from Kahului International Airport. They were predeceased by their husband, Bienvenido Ven; parents, Cosme Tesorio and Maria Tesorio.  They are survivied by their sons, Alex (Yong) Tesorio, Allen Ven, Abraham Ven; and grandson, Ryan Tesorio.
John J. Haleyalbung
March 7, 1959 – December 3, 2017
John J. Haleyalbung, 58, of Waiehu, went home on Dec. 3, 2017. They were born on March 7, 1959 to Andrew William Bemo and Francisca Maria Legasiugtal on Falalis, Woleai, an outer Island of Yap.
ADVERTISEMENT
Growing up, they took their education seriously, graduating from Outer Islands High School at the age of 16, and going on to graduate from Micronesian Community College at the age of 18. John moved to the US to further their education as an English major at Concordia Teacher's College in Seward, Nebraska.
While in school they met and married Lois Rides Horse from Garryowen, Montana. They opened their home to many children and youth over the years, happy to be able to provide safety and shelter, no matter the expense. They made their home with their four children in Montana until moving to Kahului in 1997.
John was a generous man who valued hard work. They were an avid reader who never lost their love of learning. They had a great sense of humor and wasn't afraid to joke with or tease anyone they were around. Although most of their time was occupied by work, they spent any free time they had spear fishing and going to the beach. Their love for the ocean was only exceeded by their love for their family and extended family, all to whom they were deeply devoted.
John leaves behind their best friend and loving companion of many years, Nida J. Navalta of Waiehu, their sons, John Bemo and Isaac Saligmai, daughters Nicolette and Elora Haleyalbung, and granddaughter, Lauryn Doradelia Legasiugtal Real Bird, all Garryowen, Montana, and stepchildren Marlon J. Navalta of Wailuku, and Bienvinida Esther K. Selveira of San Francisco.
Visitation will be held from 6 to 9 p.m. on Tuesday, Dec. 12, 2017 at Ballard Family Mortuary, service will begin at 7 p.m. Burial will be in Yap, FSM, at a later date.
Mary F. Estrella
July 11, 1927 – December 2, 2017
Mary F. Estrella, 90, of Kahului, Maui passed away under the care of Hospice Maui on Dec. 2, 2017. They were born on July 11, 1927 in Makawao.
Visitation will be held at Norman's Mortuary on Friday, Dec. 22, 2017 at 9 to 11 a.m.; service will begin at 11 a.m.; burial to follow at Maui Memorial Park at 12:30 p.m.
Mary was a Chef at Maui Lu. They were pre-deceased by their husband Charles Estrella; son, Joseph Kan Hai; daughter, Frances Pagaduan; parents Joe Fernandez and Elizabeth Smith.  They are survived by their sons, Walter Kan Hai Jr. (Mona), Matthew Kan Hai (Berta); daughters, Elizabeth Wong (Jim), Theresa Kan Hai; brother, “Api” Fernandez; sisters, Martha Santos, Alice Prito, Theresa Cain; 19 grandchildren, 48 great grandchildren, 30 great-great grandchildren and numerous nieces, nephews and cousins.
Juliana Emma (Vierra) Hill
October 30, 1938 – November 30, 2017
Juliana Emma (Vierra) Hill, 79, of Lahaina, Maui, passed away on Nov. 30, 2017 at their home under the loving care of their family. They were born on Oct. 30, 1938 in Lahaina, Maui, to the late Wilfred “Freddie” and Emma (Freitas) Vierra. They were preceded by their husband John E. Hill and son Calvin.  They are survived by sons, John, Joseph, James; their brothers, sister, numerous grandchildren and great grandchildren.
Julie married their husband, a Navy man, on Dec. 16, 1959 and so began a life of travel and service. Throughout their career as a military wife, they provided unwavering support, including, “holding down the fort”, by taking care of their sons while Dad was away on multiple extended tours of duty. Them support aided Dad as they served our country, and ultimately, they were awarded the highest degree of their career, becoming Master Chief Petty Officer.
Later, they were honored to be invited to become the Ombudsman of the USS Kawishiwi, where they worked tirelessly as the liaison between the entire ships' dependents and the ships' Command. Upon Dad's retirement, Mom received the Certificate of Appreciation from the United States Navy.
In their later years, Julie returned home to Lahaina and worked at Kāʻanapali Beach Club (formerly Embassy Suites), displaying their collection of exotic birds in the hotel lobby for nearly 20 years. Known amongst their friends as, The Bird Lady of Maui, they brought many smiles and shared the Aloha Spirit with countless visitors and kama'ainas, alike. Throughout their life, Julie maintained their love of animals.
Mom, God blessed us with your beautiful spirit and the many gifts you have given to us all. Until we meet again in heaven…Love & Aloha.
Richard Carmine Januzzi
November 14, 1960 – November 28, 2017
Richard Carmine Januzzi, 57, of Kīhei died suddenly and unexpectedly on Tuesday, Nov. 28, 2017. They were born on Nov. 14, 1960 in Selma, Alabama to Richard Carmine Januzzi, and Mariel Macomber and raised in California.
A celebration of life will be held from 7 to 8 p.m. on Friday, Dec. 8, 2017 at Ballard Family Mortuary in Kahului.
Rick was the CEO of All In One Construction Inc., having worked in the construction business their whole life. Rick was a devoted husband and caring friend, who was passionate about the ocean, scuba, fishing, motorcycles and drums. Interests that they enjoyed sharing with those they loved.
 They are survived by their loving wife, Debra Lumpkins; son, Dominic Januzzi; stepchildren, Levi Strom and Hannah Nicholls; brother, Michael Januzzi; and step parents, Connie Januzzi and Ed Martin.
 They are pre-deceased by their parents Richard Carmine Januzzi, Sr.; Mariel Macomber; and brother, Jay Januzzi.
In Lieu of flowers, the family asks that donations be made in Rick's name to Project Aware.
William Josephus Coelho
December 11, 1942 – November 23, 2017
William Josephus Coelho, 74, of Makawao, passed away on Nov. 23, 2017 at their residence. They were born on Dec. 11, 1942 in Honolulu.
They worked as an air traffic controller for the Federal Aviation Administration.
Service will begin at 11 a.m. at St. John's Episcopal Church in Kula on Jan. 13, 2017.
William is survived by their wife, Carla Coelho; son, William Coelho; daughters, Kerri-Lynn Coelho, Katherine Nohea Coelho-Vermeulen (Kirstyn); niece, Kimberly Holder (Robert Holder); brother, Gary Rickard (LaDawn); and grandsons, Cullen Slavens, Connor Slavens, and Noah Coelho.
In Lieu of flowers donations may be made to Hospice Maui located at 400 Mahalani Street in Wailuku in memory of William Coelho.
George “Sonny” Pastrana
July 5, 1928 – November 20, 2017
George “Sonny” Pastrana, 89, of Kaunakakai, Molokaʻi, and a graduate of “St. Louis High School” on Oʻahu went home to the Lord on Nov. 20, 2017. They were born on July 5, 1928 on Maui.
Services will be held at “The Saint Damien Church” in Kaunakakai on Saturday, Jan. 6, 2018.
Family visitation will be from 8 to 9 a.m. Public visitation will be from 9 to 10 a.m. Mass service will be at 10:15 a.m.
George worked at Libby McNeil & Dole Pineapple Companies as a storeroom clerk. After the pineapple companies closed operations they worked as a “Bell Captain” for “The Sheraton Molokaʻi Hotel” and when the management changed hands they worked for “Colony Resorts Kaluakoi Hotel & Golf Club” before retiring. Goerge was also in The National Guard for many years. Their hobbies and interests were going to Las Vegas with their wife “Rita” and their family and loved playing on their favorite slots machines. They loved singing and playing their guitar at family gatherings and also taking is family fishing at Morris Point on the eastside of Molokaʻi. They loved watching their sons, friends and family playing baseball and sometimes they would also be the announcer for the games. They also enjoyed visiting all their children, grandchildren and great-children, but most of all, they loved being with their wife of 59 years, because they were inseparable.
They were pre-deceased in death by their wife “Orietta Rita Reyes Pastrana” (deceased); their sisters, Adeline “Dalina” Yip Chow (deceased), Luminada “Luming” Afalla (deceased) and their parents “Basilio and Consuelo Pastrana” (deceased).
 They are survived by their children, Winston G. (Leona) Pastrana, Melvamay L. Benjamin (Ed Sato), Debra M. Reys, LaVerne R. (Michael) Ribao, Lois L. (Johann) Acosta, Annette R. (Joe) Davis, Lorna C. (Terry) Simonson, Clayton C. Pastrana, Malcolm L. Pastrana and their only grandchild that grew up living here on Molokaʻi that helped me to raise Triston Spencer Pastrana, 20 grandchildren and 22 great-grandchildren.
Also survived by their sisters Rosinda “Cinda” Patungan, Natividad “Nettie” Espinueva, Florita “Fita” Facuri and their brother Theodore “Teddy” Pastrana.
Big Island Obituaries
Randal William Fisher
December 29, 1955 – December 7, 2017
Randal William Fisher, 62, of Hilo passed away Dec. 7, 2017 in Hilo. Randal was born Dec. 29, 1955 in Kirkland, Washington. Randal was a Handy Man.
Celebration will be announced at a later date.
Survived by their daughter Saya Novinger; father Marvin W. Fisher; mother Audrey (Anderson) Fisher; brother Steve Fisher.
Tri Duy Le
January 24, 1992 – December 5, 2017
Tri Duy Le, 25, of San Diego, California passed away Dec. 5, 2017. Tri was born on Jan. 24, 1992. Tri was an Adventurer.
Celebration of Life to be announced at a later date.
Survived by their father Linh Duy Le; mother Mai-anh (Nguyen) Le; brother Lam Duy Le.
Harry Toshio Hori
November 15, 1928 – December 4, 2017
Harry Toshio Hori, 89, of Kohala peacefully passed away on Dec. 4, 2017. Harry was born Nov. 15, 1928. Harry served in the National Guard Reserve and was a retired farmer.
Celebration of life to be announced at a later date.
Survived by their wife Ellen (Masuyo) Hori; son Samuel (Dana) Hori; daughters Donna (Joseph) Mah, Ann Tamaye; brothers Richard (Janet) Hori, Ted (Chick) Hori, Frank (Nancy) Hori; sisters Yayoi Sano, Margaret Hori; seven grandchildren; three great grandchildren; numerous nephews, nieces and cousins.
Cathleen Joyce Carnes
May 17, 1948 – December 2, 2017
Cathleen Joyce Carnes, 69 of Kailua-Kona, passed away on Dec. 2, 2017. They were born in Long Beach, California. Cathleen worked as a teacher/principal/superintendent at Maple Creek School, Humboldt County, Ca.
 They are survived by spouse Kent; son Jesse Carnes of Maple Creek, California; daughter Heather Carnes of Ft. Collins, Colorado; brother Gerald (Mary Sue) Compton of San Pedro, California; sister Sheila Jurgensen of Adna, Washington; and two grandchildren, Brayden and Maycee.
Private services will be held.
Yoneko Teruya
October 30, 1936 – November 30, 2017
Yoneko Teruya, 81, of Honomu peacefully passed away Nov. 30, 2017. Yoneko was born on Oct. 30, 1936.
Celebration of life will be on Sunday, Dec. 17, 2017. Them Memorial services will be from 11 a.m.-12:15 p.m. at Ballard Family Mortuary 570 Kinoole Street Hilo, Hawaii 96720. Inurnment will follow at Alae Cemetery at 12:30 p.m. at 1033 Hawaii Belt Road.
Survived by niece Donna Takara; numerous nieces and nephews and cousins.
Herman “Sabino” Martines
November 11, 1967 – November 26, 2017
Herman “Sabino Martines, 50, of Kailua-Kona passed away on Nov. 26, 2017 in Hilo. Herman was born on Nov. 11, 1967.
Celebration of life to be held at a later date.
Survived by their wife Lori L. Martines of Kaumana; daughters Natasha (Dustin) Bondallian of Pepeekeo, Sabrina (Brittney) Martines of Keaʻau, Sierra (Chaz) Martines of Kaumana; brothers Patrick (Claylyn) Martines of Keaʻau, Jason (Tabitha) Martines of Kailua-Kona, Bereten Cachero of Hilo, Ashton Martines of Kailua-Kona,; sisters Roberta (Gary) Martines of Keaʻau, Marilyn (Daniel) Pakele of Hilo, Ashlyn Martines, Ashley Wendy Stephens Kailua-Kona; mother-in-law Barbara Bondallian; four grandchildren; numerous uncles, aunts, nephews, nieces, and cousins.
Edward Joseph Pina
January 23, 1950 – Novemeber 24, 2017
Edward Joseph Pina, 67, of California peacefully passed away Nov. 24, 2017. Edward was born on Jan. 23, 1950. Edward was a retired cook.
Private services held.
Survived by partner for life Deanette M. Staudinger; daughter Shelena Carruth; five grandchildren, two great-grandchildren; numerous nephews, nieces and cousins.
Bernie “Ben” Coloma Abella
August 30, 1971 – November 19, 2017
Bernie “Ben” Coloma Abella, 46, Papaʻaloa passed away Nov. 19, 2017 in Hilo. Bernie was born Aug. 30, 1971. Bernie was an Adult Correction Officer at HCCC in Hilo.
Celebration of life will be on Saturday, Dec. 16,2017 at St. Anthony's Church at 35-2095 Old Mamalahoa Hwy. Laupahoehoe or call (808) 962-6538. Visitation is from 8 to 10 a.m. Services will be at 10 a.m. Burial to follow at 1 p.m. at Alae Cemetery at 1033 Hawaii Belt Road Hilo.
Survived by wife Cherylann Abella; son Kamakani Abella; hanai son Karlin Abella-Kelsom; daughter Sharrise Hanabaga-Abella; father Bernaldo Abella; mother Modesta Coloma Abella; sister Josefina (Derek) Aurio; numerous uncles, aunts, and cousins.
MIDEAST STOCKS-Overnight crash in oil may drag Gulf lower
DUBAI, June 15 Crude oil prices crashed almost 4 percent overnight which may drag stock markets in the oil-exporting Gulf lower on Thursday, though Saudi Arabian banks could be resilient following the central bank's decision to raise only its reverse repo rate.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Darren Moore is predicting another thumping local derby when West Bromwich Albion take on local rivals Aston Villa at the Banks's Stadium tonight.
Jimmy Shan's Under 23s kick of their Premier League 2 campaign against a familiar foe in Kevin McDonanld's men.
The two games between Albion and Villa last term produced 13 goals.
The Baggies beat Villa 5-2 at the Banks's last September before the sides played out a thrilling 3-3 draw at Aggborough in January.
And Moore, Albion's professional development phase coach, expects another entertaining clash.
"Both clubs look forward to this fixture," the former Albion defender said.
"It's usually loaded in terms of talent and ability.
"It's always a great game, played in the right spirit, but there's a rivalry because a lot of the players know each other.
"We always seem to play each other early in the season and this time it's the very first game.
"There should be a good crowd because there will be a lot of family and friends there as well as a few agents and scouts.
"There's usually a high tempo and with a good crowd it should add to the development of the players.
"A game like that should ask questions of them collectively and individually.
"Both games last year were marvellous and I just hope there's more of the same tonight."
CORRECTED-Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
(Reuters Health) - People who don't have conditions like celiac disease tend to adopt gluten-free diets because of perceived overall health benefits, but a new study says cutting the protein from diets certainly won't benefit heart health.
In one analysis, researchers found that gluten-free diets were tied to greater heart risk among people without celiac disease, gluten sensitivity or wheat allergies.
"I think it's important to realize that just because there is a notion that gluten-free is healthy doesn't make it so," said lead author Dr. Benjamin Lebwohl, of the Celiac Disease Center at Columbia University Medical Center in New York.
They and their colleagues write in the journal BMJ that about 1 percent of people in the United States have celiac disease, which is an autoimmune response that damages the lining of the small intestine when the body encounters the protein gluten that is found in wheat, rye and barley.
People with celiac disease are at an increased risk of heart disease but, the researchers point out, that risk is reduced by their switching to a gluten-free diet.
Despite no evidence that people without celiac disease and similar conditions benefit from cutting out gluten, some people believe that eating the protein may increase the risk of poor health outcomes, including obesity and heart disease.
Most people who follow gluten-free diets have celiac disease, the study team notes. Still, one national survey in 2013 found nearly a third of people in the United States said they were trying to minimize or avoid gluten.
For the new study, the researchers used data collected from a group of 121,700 female nurses followed since 1976 and a group of 51,529 male healthcare workers followed since 1986.
In addition to collected data on their health, the participants filled out food questionnaires every four years between 1986 and 2010.
People were separated into five groups based on the amount of gluten in their diets. People who ate the least gluten consumed about 3 grams of the protein each day, compared with people in the who ate the highest amount, between about 8 and 10 grams each day.
Overall, there were 352 coronary heart disease events like heart attacks per 100,000 people per year among those who ate the least gluten. That compared to 277 events per 100,000 people per year among those who ate the most gluten.
After adjusting for known risk factors, the researchers write that there was no statistically meaningful difference between the two groups.
"We think this is very important, because this boom in gluten-free diets and all these claims that it's beneficial to an individual's health to be on a gluten-free diet are not based on science," said Dr. Peter Green, a co-author of the study and director of Columbia's Celiac Disease Center.
After adjusting the data to account for the amount and type of grains people consumed, the researchers did find a slightly decreased risk of heart disease events among people who ate the most gluten compared to those who ate the least.
"People who had a low-gluten diets tended to have a diet that was low in whole grains," said senior author Andrew Chan, of Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School in Boston. "That does have health implications."
Specifically, the researchers write, the risk of heart attacks and other events tend to decrease as people eat more whole grains.
"If people are restricting their diet, there is always the possibility that their diets become deficient in things that we know are beneficial," Chan told Reuters Health.
Green also said gluten-free diets may lack fiber and B vitamins and may increase the risk of heavy metal toxicity.
"If someone is on a gluten-free diet, they should be under the guidance of a registered dietician," they said.
SOURCE: bit.ly/2qt8WmQ BMJ, online May 2, 2017.
A WOMAN has been charged with being almost four times the legal alcohol limit while in charge of a car being driven by a learner driver.
The woman, aged in their 50s, allegedly had a blood alcohol concentration of 0.198 when stopped on the New England Highway at 3pm on Thursday.
They were charged as part of Operation Papa Freesia and is due to front Stanthorpe Magistrates Court tomorrow.
April 3 Tang Hao
* Tang Hao- acquired 9.1 million common shares in share capital of Amaya Inc on secondary market at a price of $22.40 per share
* Tang Hao - as a result of transaction, Hao has indirect beneficial ownership of 16.3 million common shares Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BERLIN, Feb 2 (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservatives and the Social Democrats (SPD) were haggling on Friday over labour rights after securing a flurry of agreements on less contentious issues in their talks on forming a new coalition government.
The two camps aim to finalise a deal for four more years of a “grand coalition” by the end of the weekend or early next week, some four months after an inconclusive national election plunged Germany into unaccustomed political uncertainty.
The parties have agreed to some eye-catching measures, including a 50 percent tax write-down for fleet electric cars and a 12 billion euro public investment programmes to improve sluggish data networks, documents seen by Reuters showed.
But in the field of labour rights, where the beleaguered SPD wants to signal to its members that it has set its distinctive stamp on the deal, long lines of text highlighted in yellow showed that the parties had still reached no consensus.
The SPD wants to secure a right for employees in larger companies to move seamlessly back and forth between full- and part-time work if they have to care for children or elderly parents. The conservatives, and much of German business, oppose what they see as a costly measure.
The centre-left SPD has sagged even further in opinion polls since suffering its worst result of the postwar era in the Sept. 24 election.
Many SPD activists, who must ratify any coalition deal in a postal ballot, would prefer to see their party reinvent itself in opposition rather than join another coalition with Merkel after serving as junior partner in one from 2013 to 2017.
For Merkel, another loveless ‘grand coalition' is their best chance of securing a fourth term after the failure of earlier talks with two smaller parties late last year.
Them conservative bloc and the SPD have already agreed terms in other areas. Germany's booming economy has allowed them to agree an extra 11 billion euros for education, and compromise deals have been reached on migration and healthcare policy.
Some of the accords are noticeably less ambitious than those reached in the previous talks with the two smaller parties. Then, negotiators agreed to spend 20 billion euros over a longer period on building a better national broadband network. Privatisations are also now off the agenda.
WELLINGTON South Africa captain Faf du Plessis breathed a sigh of relief as rain bucketed down in Hamilton on Wednesday, washing out the final day of the third test against New Zealand and ensuring their side sealed a 1-0 series victory.
The Proteas had been facing a massive battle to save the test, entering the final day having been reduced to 80 for five and still 95 runs short of making New Zealand bat again.
Du Plessis, who would have been joined by Quinton de Kock at the crease had rain not intervened, said they had been prepared to defend all day.
"I was ready to come out and play my blockathon," du Plessis said. "New Zealand outplayed us in this game and deserved to win and they will count themselves unlucky.
"I'm pleased with another series win away from home but to be honest I think we played very much under par, especially the batting unit."
Du Plessis' analysis of their top order's batting issues on the tour was not restricted to their third test first innings slump to 64-3 and then a collapse to 59-5 on Tuesday.
In the first test, they were 22-3 after winning the toss before Dean Elgar rescued them with 140 and century partnerships with du Plessis and Temba Bavuma.
In Wellington, they were in trouble at 94-6 in their first innings before Bavuma and de Kock combined for 160 runs.
Elgar's century was the only one scored by the Proteas during the series and the batsmen who occupied slots five to eight in their lineup -- du Plessis, Bavuma, de Kock and Vernon Philander -- had four of their six top batting averages.
Elgar was the only top-order batsmen in the leading six, with fast bowler Morne Morkel holding the third best average of 49 courtesy of 40 runs in Wellington and two other not outs.
Du Plessis added that their side needed to ensure that those collapses did not happen again on their tour of England starting in May, before home series against India and Australia.
"In a test match when the series is on the line you are looking for your players to front up and make it as hard as possible for the opposition to get your wicket," they said. "I thought... that didn't happen.
"But the good, strong teams find ways to win test matches and series. And while we didn't play very well, we somehow found ourselves winning another away series."
(Reporting by Greg Stutchbury; Editing by John O'Brien)
What is Equal Pay Day and what does it mean?
The Equal Pay Day initiative originated in the United States in 1996 as a way of illustrating the wage gap between men and women and has since spread to many countries. In Germany, it falls on March 18 this year because according to the Federal Office of Statistics, working German men earned 21 percent more than working German women in 2017. Expressed in terms of an hourly wage, German men made €21.00 ($25.82) an hour versus €16.59 ($20.40) for women.
There are two ways of envisioning the meaning of this "holiday." Given the wage discrepancy, a woman would have to work an entire year to earn a certain annual income, while a man would only have to start working on March 18 to get the same sum. Or because of the lower average earnings among women, it's as if they worked for nothing for the first 21 percent of the year and only started getting paid on March 18.
Read more: Five important demographic facts on the new German government
That sounds grotesquely unfair – why aren't women marching in the streets?
Numbers are a tricky business, and the 21 percent is a non-adjusted figure. The Federal Office of Statistics attributes three-quarters of the wage gap to systemic factors such as the relatively poor wages offered in heavily female professions like nursing, compared to heavily male technical sectors like engineering, and the fact that many women take time off from work to have children. Women in Germany are also far more likely to work part-time than men. The adjusted gender pay gap is 6 percent.
Those numbers illustrate the difficulties inherent in calculating the effects of sexism in the workplace. For instance, how much of the fact that nurses are paid badly is down to gender inequality? Are women paid worse because they choose to work in worse-paid sectors, or are they encouraged or forced to work in those sectors, meaning they inevitably earn less? The truth here is very much in the eye of the beholder.
German Family Minister Franziska Giffey supports the initiative
Germany is considered a very progressive country. So is the wage gap there particularly bad?
A number of factors influence what men and women are paid, but what is clear is that Germany is not making swift progress on the issue. In 2006, the unadjusted wage gap was 23 percent, and never has it been below 21 percent.
Germany doesn't rank well within Europe either. According to the EU statistics office Eurostat, in 2016, the last year for which figures are available for a majority of EU countries, only Estonia had a wider gender wage gap (25.3 percent) than Germany. The UK also had a gap of 21 percent that year.
Read more: Banks need not address women as females, says court
At the same time, the figures need to be seen in context, Romania had a gap of only 5.2 percent in 2016, but that may be because wages in general in Romania are fairly low. The average monthly wage in that country is currently around €510 ($630).
What are the laws governing what men and women are paid in Germany?
Women's rights are protected under the 2006 Law on Equality of Treatment, which generally prohibits discrimination on the basis of gender as well as ethnicity, age, sexual orientation, physical handicaps or religion. In addition, the Wage Transparency Law of 2016 allows women to ask employers to provide information about average rates of pay for men and women in specific tasks.
Some of the inequality is caused by the sorts of work women tend to do more often
But there are limits to these legal protections. The Transparency Law, for instance, applies only to large companies with more than 200 employees. And at the upper rungs of the corporate ladder, it is very difficult to identify enough male and female peers for comparison. Since 2015, German law has mandated that the supervisory boards of some 100 very large companies be at least 30 percent female. It stands to reason that the more women occupy top positions in companies, the higher the average woman's wage will be in Germany.
Read more: How Germany is boosting women's careers in culture and the media
In addition, larger firms, governmental offices and other institutions usually have an "equality commissioner" whose job it is to monitor gender issues. One legal protection that hasn't yet been instituted is a law guaranteeing women who chose to work part-time for family reasons to return to full-time work if they so wish. The Social Democratic Party (SPD) has been pushing for such a law for years but has been unable to overcome resistance from conservatives and employers' associations. A stripped-down version of the law is part of the agreement signed by the grand coalition earlier this month.
What do the organizers of Equal Pay Day in Germany believe are the main causes of the gap?
They identify five issues: 1) the lack of women in certain sectors and upper career levels; 2) women interrupting their working lives longer than men for family reasons; 3) the sort of careers women typically work in being under-appreciated; 4) gender wage inequities often being not visible as such; and 5) gender stereotypes influencing women's choice of careers.
Watch video 04:28 Share How far have women come in Germany? Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2sdUe How far have women come in Germany? Not as far as you might think
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
By DINA ARÉVALO
Port Isabel-South Padre Press
editor@portisabelsouthpadre.com
The future of the Laguna Vista marina remains in question after the Town Council held a public workshop on the issue Tuesday evening.
The sole item on the agenda was a discussion of possible changes to the Marina Management Agreement, which has been a particularly contentious topic for the Town, especially in the wake of a possible lawsuit which has been threatened by an as-yet unnamed Laguna Vista resident.
With potential litigation looming over the Town's continued marina discussions, Councilwoman Nadine Smith quickly recused themselves from the discussion just after a roll call was taken by the city secretary.
“I'm saddened that legal action was threatened,” they said of the anonymous resident. They added that they were optimistic the Town and its residents could come to an agreement over the marina's future before leaving the meeting.
What has become an issue over the last two years are two disparate factions among residents — one group, which includes members of the Laguna Vista Recreation Association (LVRA), which currently operates the marina, and whose members pay annual dues in order to use it.
On the other side are those who say the marina, though owned by the Town of Laguna Vista, is essentially a private use marina not accessible to the public at large.
Want the whole story? Pick up a copy of the Port Isabel-South Padre Press, or subscribe to our E-Edition by clicking here.
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
* Sukuk could price almost flat to existing bonds
* Jumbo deal size could add 10-15 basis points premium
* Demand from Saudi banks seen high
* Roadshow started on Sunday, ends Tuesday
By Davide Barbuscia
DUBAI, April 10 High demand for Saudi Arabia's international sukuk, set to be the largest ever dollar Islamic bond, will reduce the new issue premium to barely a few basis points over Saudi Arabia's existing conventional bonds, investors said.
The dual-tranche sukuk, with maturities of five and 10 years, could total up to $10 billion, bankers previously said. A transaction of that scale could translate into a premium of 10 to 15 basis points over Saudi Arabia's existing five- and 10-year paper issued in October last year.
But should the kingdom keep the issue size in check, the sukuk is likely to trade flat to Saudi's existing curve, investors said.
Saudi Arabia representatives gave no indications of expected size and pricing during meetings in Abu Dhabi and Dubai on Sunday, the first day of the sukuk roadshow, investors who attended those meetings said.
The delegation included representatives from state oil firm Saudi Aramco, the central bank and ministry of finance, in what one Dubai-based fixed income portfolio manager described as a "very high calibre, high level" roadshow.
The roadshow will end on Tuesday in London. Initial price thoughts could be released as early as then, with the issuance taking place the following day.
Should the new issuance size not exceed a threshold of approximately $6 billion, price guidance is expected to tighten to a premium of maximum five basis points above the existing curve, some investors said.
"The bonds should trade flat to the conventional as local investors will have high demand for the sukuk given the likely zero capital at risk weighting being applied to the sukuk for the domestic banks and the limited amount of available sukuk," said Max Wolman, senior investment manager for emerging market debt at Aberdeen Asset Management.
The kingdom's conventional notes maturing in 2021 were quoted with a bid yield of roughly 2.85 percent on Monday , while the 2026 bonds were yielding about 3.6 percent, Thomson Reuters data showed.
Demand for the paper from Saudi banks is expected to be significant, also because the government has suspended monthly sales of domestic bonds for over six months, freeing up liquidity.
But demand from U.S. accounts could be limited because of the complexity of the chosen sukuk structure and the "lack of duration", noted a Dubai-based fixed income portfolio manager.
"Also, Saudi in the secondary is very liquid, so if U.S investors want to get Saudi paper they can buy it there, and conventional."
U.S. investors were heavy buyers of Saudi Arabia's debut international bond last year.
Saudi Arabia plans to borrow between $10 billion and $15 billion internationally in 2017, a senior official said in December, as it tries to plug a budget deficit caused by lower oil prices.
(editing by John Stonestreet)
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former Aston Villa striker Rudy Gestede has explained how their impact at the club was affected by the changing of manager in their first season.
Gestede, now at promotion rivals Middlesbrough, arrived at Villa Park in the summer of 2015, one of a number of acquisitions made by Tim Sherwood and the claret and blue recruitment team which had been armed with a budget boosted by the sales of Christian Benteke and Fabian Delph.
They bagged the winner at Bournemouth on their debut, and also scored a memorable victory goal against Blues in the League Cup.
The sacking of Sherwood and the subsequent appointment of Remi Garde, however, saw the Benin international's number of starts severely stunted.
“My dream has always been to play in the Premier League,” Gestede told The Boot Room .
“At Aston Villa I started quite well, scoring four goals in 10 games. But then, after Tim Sherwood was sacked, Remi Garde came in and told me I wouldn't be playing because they don't use a target man.
(Image: Shaun Botterill/Getty Images)
“I didn't play for a while, coming on for just five or ten minutes. It's hard to find your rhythm when that is the case and it was disappointing.”
For a short while at the beginning of that season, Gestede also worked alongside the late Ray Wilkins, who suddenly passed away earlier this month.
Gestede spoke of how saddened they were to hear of the news that devastated the footballing world.
“I didn't know Ray before I signed for Villa, but I got to know them quite quickly as we were in the same hotel together before I found a house in the area,” Gestede added.
They were such a kind person and an absolute gentleman, always so friendly to my wife and kids. They always carried a positive attitude and they had an amazing knowledge of football.
I really enjoyed my time at Villa with Ray and I am very sad to lose such a great person, as they are.”
Fearless
Colin Calderwood reckons Aston Villa are shaping up well for the play-offs - but still believes Fulham and Cardiff have a slip-up or two left in them.
The claret and blues are hot on the heels of the second and third-placed sides after an emphatic 4-0 win over Ipswich Town at Portman Road.
Lewis Grabban's deadly double, either side of strikes from Conor Hourihane and Henri Lansbury, set up a third consecutive win which means the automatic promotion race is still on.
It would take an almighty fall from the teams with the initiative to allow Villa back in, but Calderwood believes there's still a chance.
The assistant boss conducted the post-match press conference in the absence of Steve Bruce, who headed back home to see to their sick mother, and said:
“At the moment, the teams above us might be fearful of losing a promotion.
“We are not.”
Asked if Villa were still fighting for the top-two, Calderwood replied: “Well, yes, but we don't know how hopeful that is for automatic.
“You would like to make the others win promotion, not fall over the line.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“In some ways it helps us because we have to keep winning and keep some sort of momentum for whatever may happen come the end of the season.
“In all honesty (the play-offs) don't really matter...You can go in with poor form but the experience can still help.”
Calderwood explained how they were pleased with the side for seeing off Ipswich in such convincing style.
They admitted that Grant Ward's sending off changed the game, though, as did the Tractor Boys' caretaker boss, Brian Klug.
“I've got no complaints,” said Klug. “There was no malice, it wasn't even rash, they just didn't see him.”
Calderwood agreed: “There's no malice, no intent, but as much as you feel sorry for the boy, there was nowhere else for the referee to go.”
And the man-advantage allowed Villa to run riot, eventually securing a fourth win in five games to maintain hopes of an 88-point haul.
“Whatever has happened this season, we still have to clear the final hurdle and win promotion," the No.2 continued.
“There could still be a really joyous day. We would like to finish it in a fortnight and do it. We will try for that.
“But we have an insurance policy of games after that which will be exciting for everyone. (Against Bolton, Hull and Norwich) we failed in a different manner in all of the games.
“It was something we should have addressed - or would like to have addressed - in the previous ones.
“But we've won a good number away from home.
“We just haven't taken points away from home in a period where it would have made a big difference to us.
“It's no disrespect to the teams we have played - but we have to be better.
“We think better of ourselves away from home and believe we can win.
“Because of that, we're disappointed with the results. But we still have something to play for.”
* Bougainville Island lifts decades old ban on new mining
* Area is rich in reserves of iron ore, copper
* In the past, province roiled by conflict over giant copper mine
* Some locals unwilling to give up agrarian lifestyle (Recasts; adds comment, detail)
By James Regan Benjamin Weir
SYDNEY, May 2 An autonomous area of Papua New Guinea scarred by a violent history of exploiting its vast mineral resources has lifted a 40-year-old ban on new mining, looking to start churning out iron ore and copper to ship to key metals markets like China.
Bougainville Island was roiled by a bloody secessionist conflict that lasted over a decade from the late 1980s, fired by a campaign of sabotage by landowners angry about the distribution of benefits from the giant Panguna copper mine.
That mine has remained closed since then, with Rio Tinto relinquishing ownership last year, while mining elsewhere on the island has been banned since the 1970s due to concerns over revenue-sharing and potential environmental damage.
"We have learnt our lessons from the Panguna experience and now we have the opportunity to do a better job," Bougainville president John Momis said in a statement on Sunday.
"I invite and welcome applications from prospective applicants to invest in our mining sector," they said, without specifying why the ban had been lifted now.
Scrapping the ban allows for applications to mine in the iron ore rich areas of Tore, Isina and Jaba, but does not include Panguna, one of the world's largest copper mines.
It comes as the island creeps towards an independence referendum by mid-2020 that could cut the last ties with the national government.
Developing new mines would offer a chunky injection of foreign revenue into one of the poorest communities in the Southern Hemisphere, but could meet with stiff opposition from islanders reluctant to shed an agrarian lifestyle.
"We have seen a recognition among landowners that the revenue from mining can often be less than expected and employment opportunities limited," said Luke Fletcher, director of the Jubilee Australia Research Centre, which advises Bougainville landowners.
The Bougainville uprising was the longest running conflict in the Pacific, with the central government at one point deploying mercenaries to try to end the fighting.
Bougainville Copper Company, which now controls Panguna and is listed on the Australian Securities Exchange, has been working separately with landowners to put together a plan to eventually rework the mine.
The company could not be reached for comment on the switch in government mining policy.
SERIOUS BUSINESS
Momis said that only serious investors should apply for mining rights - but that could take time.
Bougainville legislation is unique in that it recognises the ownership of mineral resources by the customary owners of the land. That puts 95 percent of property in Bougainville in the hands of small tribal clans, which must be consulted and compensated before tractors are brought in.
"This could delay the process, so it is a bit unclear if the serious majors will come in under such a regime or are we going to have fringe players of the mining world?" said Anthony Regan, who advises the Bougainville government on constitutional issues.
Several mining companies, including Australia-based Fortescue Metals Group and BHP Billiton , did not immediately respond when contacted by Reuters to gauge interest in investing in Bougainville. (Reporting by James Regan and Benjamin Weir in Sydney; Editing by Joseph Radford)
April 6 Parex Resources Inc -
* Q1 production was approximately 32,600 barrels of oil equivalent ("Boe/d") (99% crude oil), an increase of 5% from prior quarter
* For Q2 2017, expect production to average 34,000 boe/d for an overall increase of approximately 10% for first half of year
* Over next month, plan to spud two exploration wells that will evaluate fault trends that run parallel to Tigana/Jacana trend Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
NRG Energy's GenOn unit files for bankruptcy
WILMINGTON, Del., June 14 NRG Energy Inc's GenOn business filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday with an agreement with bondholders to cut $1.75 billion of its debt and restructure the power generator as a standalone business, according to a securities filing.
Receives additional distinctions for its 'Sustained Excellence' and for being an 'All Star Company'
End
-- HCL Technologies (https://www.hcltech.com/)(HCL), has been recognized as a 'leader' in the IAOP Global Outsourcing 100rankings for 2017, an annual listing of the world's best service providers by the IAOP®. Additionally, HCL has achieved the distinction of being', attributed to exceptional performance and scores achieved in IAOP® evaluation.The 2017 Global Outsourcing 100and The World's Best Outsourcing Advisors recognize the world's best outsourcing service providers and advisors. These lists are based on applications received, and judging is based on a rigorous scoring methodology that includes review by an independent panel of IAOP customer members with extensive experience in selecting outsourcing service providers and advisors for their organizations."Buyers understand there are hundreds of qualified service providers and advisors out there, but what they really need to understand now is what makes each one exceptional,". "The Global Outsourcing 100 and World's Best Advisors lists have done just that. We are proud to recognize HCL Technologies for being among the highest rated companies in customer references, company awards and certifications, programs for innovation and corporate social responsibility.""HCL continues to be at the forefront of investing in and pioneering next–generation IT solutions to address customers' business challenges,". "Our key IT services propositions, such as Next–Gen IT & Operations (NGIT), help our customers reap the integrated benefits of cloud, automation, innovation and AI. Similarly, our globally celebrated DRYiCE™ solution, that combines cutting–edge autonomics and powerful orchestration, helps our wide–spread customer base to simplify operational complexities and drive business outcomes. The strengths and maturity of our comprehensive IT services portfolio has helped us achieve the 'leader' status on the Global Outsourcing 100® listing for past three consecutive years."HCL has been consistently delivering business outcomes through best–in–class integrated offerings, underlined by its Mode 1–2–3 business strategy ( https://www.hcltech.com/ our-mode-1-2- 3-strategy ). The promise of 'Relationship Beyond the Contract' ( https://www.hcltech.com/ relationship- beyond-the-contract ) (RBtC), powered by the Ideapreneurship–led culture (https://www.hcltech.com/ideapreneurship), helps HCL to create exceptional value for customers, fostering grass–root innovation and providing an opportunity to 110,000+ Ideapreneurs to ideate, collaborate and create everyday innovative ideas to solve customers' business problems.
Two people have been fined over £4,000 for fly-tipping in Dunstable, after both were caught on camera.
One was caught by CCTV and one static camera deployed by Central Bedfordshire Council after several incidents of fly-tipping occurred in the area.
Both offenders were caught in separate incidents in Dunstable. The first at the White Lion Retail Park and the second in Beech Road. Both offenders were asked to attend Luton Magistrates Court this week (Tuesday 13 March).
Corey Ashleigh-John, 21, of Tinsley Close, Luton, was caught on CCTV fly tipping on two separate occasions at the White Lion Retail Park, Dunstable in July 2017. On one occasion they were caught throwing takeaway type food packaging from their vehicle. On the second occasion they were seen to throw food waste on to the floor of the retail park and also a drinks container across the road.
Ashleigh-John was found guilty in their absence at Luton Magistrates' Court and was fined £660 for each of the three offences and ordered to pay costs of £800 and a victim surcharge of £66.
In August 2017, Daniel James Collins of Wheatfield, Highfield, Hemel Hempstead was caught on a still picture static camera deployed at Beech Road, Dunstable. When interviewed Collins confirmed that the waste was theirs and was offered the chance to pay a fixed penalty notice of £300 for a small-scale fly-tip.
After failing to make the payment Collins attended Luton Magistrates' Court this week and pleaded guilty to one offence of fly tipping. They were sentenced to a fine of £899 and ordered to pay costs of £511 and a victim surcharge of £89. This is a total cost to them of £1,499.
Councillor Budge Wells, Deputy Executive Member for Community Services, said: “These prosecutions are another great result for our Community Safety Operations Team. It sends out a strong message to other would-be fly-tippers that we are watching you and we will not tolerate this behaviour.
“These cases both show how cameras can help reduce crime, nuisance and anti-social behaviour, and assist in securing arrests and prosecutions.
“There is no excuse for fly-tipping. Dumping waste illegally puts local people, wildlife and the environment at risk and costs a great deal to clear up.
“Failure to properly dispose of any type of waste is simply not acceptable, and we will take action against anyone caught - regardless of the type or quantity of discarded waste.”
Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Robert Kaplan said Wednesday that the central bank's plans to begin trimming its $4.5 trillion balance sheet as soon as this year does not alter their view of the appropriate rate hike path.
Speaking to reporters in Fort Worth, Texas, Kaplan said they still expect three rate hikes this year as their "baseline" case. Some Fed officials have talked about pausing rate hikes when the balance sheet reductions begin, but Kaplan called such talk confusing. Kaplan is a voter on the Fed's policy-setting panel this year.
(Reporting by Marice Richter, writing by Ann Saphir; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
(James Saft is a Reuters columnist. The opinions expressed are their own)
By James Saft
April 5 In the financial market race for information, hedge funds, it seems, are the winners.
This of course raises the salient issue of whom the losers are, but you probably already know the answer to that.
Hedge funds, company stock analysts and shareholders form an ecosystem in which the hedge fund is the apex predator and the sell-side analyst is just the enabler. The average shareholder is the poor sap who makes the whole exercise profitable for the other two.
That's the implication of a newly revised study by the Federal Reserve which investigates the way in which information flows in financial markets: who gets it first and who trades on it when.
“My results show that certain investors acquire information before sell-side analysts, and that sell-side analysts assist early informed investors by making their private information more broadly known,” Nathan Swem, an economist at the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System writes in the study. (here)
These “certain investors” are hedge funds.
“My results also suggest that investors strategically communicate their private information to sell side analysts to accelerate the incorporation of their information into prices.”
In other words, it isn't that hedge funds are finding out about what a sell-side analyst is going to say beforehand and then positioning to benefit from it but rather that hedge funds are feeding analysts information and then cashing out on positions they previously established.
That's suggested by Swem's analysis of trades by a range of investors from hedge funds to mutual funds as compared to analyst reports and company news announcements. The study followed trades, reports and stock movements from 2004-2014, detailing the actions of 1,356 hedge funds and more than 2,500 other investment vehicles such as mutual funds.
In the bad old days before the tightening of financial disclosure laws analysts sometimes obtained non-public information and then retailed it in the most economically efficient manner, giving first shot to their firms' biggest clients, many of whom were hedge funds.
The game now has changed somewhat, and hedge funds, which have grown in market share even as active long-only managers have declined, are now playing a different role.
TRADING AGAINST ADVICE
Unlike all the other types of investors in the study, hedge funds actually trade in the opposite direction to the advice of sell-side analysts, selling in aggregate in upgrades and buying on downgrades.
“I find that hedge funds are unique: they trade in the opposite direction as the sell-side reports recommend,” Swem writes.
“For example, after sell-side analysts publish upgrade reports I find that hedge funds sell. These patterns suggest that hedge funds anticipate sell-side reports, and then reverse their trades after market prices have adjusted to the information contained in, or coinciding with, the analyst reports.”
What's more, the more heavily a company is covered by analysts the better the risk-adjusted returns hedge funds generate on these trades.
When analysts issue reports, the stocks at issue have an abnormal return of 3 to 4 percent up or down, depending on whether the report contains positive or negative news. Sometimes the sell-side analyst reports themselves contain new information but often they are issued just after a piece of news about a company breaks.
Some of what is happening likely is that hedge funds are obtaining non-public information and then trading after it is announced by companies, something that often prompts an analyst report. Yet the idea that hedge funds do tip analysts off as to non-public information is suggested by hedge fund trades that anticipate both earnings season reports and “influential” reports by analysts which move the market.
Earlier research has indicated that investors with superior information like to “fish in crowded pools,” preferring to get and exploit their information in highly covered, highly liquid stocks which give them more opportunities to get in and out of a stock and trouser their profits.
In addition, the trades of the largest hedge funds most strongly predict the more influential sell-side analysts reports, those that move markets.
But why? Well, imagine you are a hedge fund and you've obtained, perhaps through talks with company officials, information you think will move the share price. You then build a position, wait a bit and feed the information to a sell-side analyst who incorporates it into their own reports, which on publication moves the market and creates the liquidity you, the hedge fund, need to realize your gain. You are trading against the advice of the sell-side report not because you disagree but because you knew the market-moving information earlier and got in, or went short, based on that early knowledge.
To be sure, the study does not prove this, but it certainly suggests strongly this is what is happening.
The work of the regulators ensuring a level playing field is far from over. (Editing by James Dalgleish) )
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Succinic Acid Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Succinic Acid market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are BASF, BioAmber, DSM, Gadiv Petrochemical, Kawasaki Kasei Chemicals, Mitsubishi, Mitsubishi, Myriant Technologies, Nippon, PTT Global, Purac Biochem, Reverdia, Showa Denko, Anqing Hexing. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Succinic Acid Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-succinic-acid-market/10347/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Succinic Acid market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Succinic Acid market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Succinic Acid Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Succinic Acid. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Succinic Acid in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Purity 99.5%, Purity 99%, Others.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Food and Dietary Supplements, Industrial Applications, Pharmaceuticals, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Succinic Acid Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-succinic-acid-market/10347/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Succinic Acid new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Succinic Acid market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Succinic Acid industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 12 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Libertadores Cup Group 6 matches on Tuesday Tuesday, April 11 Libertad (Paraguay) 1 Godoy Cruz (Argentina) 2 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Godoy Cruz 2 1 1 0 3 2 4 2 Sport Boys 1 0 1 0 3 3 1 ------------------------- 3 Atletico Mineiro 1 0 1 0 1 1 1 ------------------------- 4 Libertad 2 0 1 1 4 5 1 1-2: Next round 3: Copa Sudamericana Next Fixtures (GMT): Thursday, April 13 Atletico Mineiro (Brazil) v Sport Boys (Bolivia) (2230)
BRIEF-Home Capital Group Inc update on liquidity and deposits
* Home Capital Group Inc - aggregate available liquidity and credit capacity $1.12 billion as of June 13 versus $1.12 billion as of June 12
AUGUSTA, Ga. (WJBF) – When you drive a car, both adults and teens, should put a seat belt on first and then drive within the speed limit. Those restrictions are put in place to keep you safe and that's exactly the case with safely riding an ATV.
NewsChannel 6 is shining a spotlight on how to safely ride an all-terrain vehicle following the death of 11-year-old Ashton Andrews, of Wilkes County. Georgia State Patrol reported they attempted to make a left turn, causing the ATV to roll to the right. Andrews was thrown from the ATV as it rolled and they aren't wearing a helmet or eye protection.
When you walk into Street and Trail on Washington Road in Evans, the fleet of ATVs are big, beautiful and can be a lot of fun, but just how safe are they?
“I think an ATV is a very safe situation as long as you do what you're supposed to do and ride the machine for what it's built for,” said David Heath, the store's General Manager.
Heath told us it's all in the operator. Many times, they said, parent purchase ATVs and ignore the age restrictions. Some of the recreation vehicles recommend not allowing anyone under the age of 16 or even 10.
“It is not a bulldozer. It is not a tractor. It is not designed to push stuff over,” Heath said, emphasizing that there is a proper way to ride.
“When you buy an ATV, Consumer Product and Safety Commission has guidelines set to where you can take a training course.” Heath added that the Motorcycle Safety Foundation offers riding classes.
Sadly, many people don't take those courses and instead, Heath said they ride just like their parents, which may be entirely wrong or too fast and too furious.
Dr. Jedidiah Ballard, who works for the AU Medical Center E.R., told us “Sometimes they're taking them on a highway and it might be a high-speed wreck on concrete. Other times they're going slow with it going over very rough terrain so it's more of a low-speed and sometimes the ATV will roll on top of them.”
The United States Consumer Product Safety Commission reports that between 1982 and 2015 there were a total of 417 deaths related to ATVs in Georgia and in South Carolina there were 181. Dr. Ballard said they see different types of ATV related injuries in the emergency room a few times a month.
“Some of them are real serious. It flips over. We'll get spinal cord injuries causing paralysis. Brain bleeds especially if they're not wearing a helmet,” they said.
Everything that you put on before you ride an ATV is designed to protect you if you hit the ground while it's in motion. Your helmet helps protect your head and this one even protects your teeth. You can wear gloves to protect your fingers, a jacket, which is designed to protect your elbows. You can even add a chest protector to keep you safe along with knee pads and very high shoes. If you don't look like this when you're riding an ATV, you may want to reconsider.
“If you were to get one piece, the helmet is by far the best,” according to Dr. Ballard.
Just like in a car, you have to drive an ATV properly. If you speed you can hurt yourself or worse. Where you ride is important too. Heath said if your yard is only a half an acre, then riding an ATV there is probably unsafe.
Nearly a decade ago, the number of ATV injuries among children and teens were high. More recent statistics show the number of ATV related deaths among children and adults too have decreased.
Photojournalist: Gary Hipps
Staunchly conservative U.S. lawmaker Scalise among wounded in shooting
WASHINGTON, June 14 Steve Scalise, the Republican leader wounded in a gunman's attack on Wednesday on people practicing for a charity baseball game, is a staunch conservative and key figure in trying to push legislation through the U.S. House of Representatives.
Video: Sassy Rebel Wilson charms media after huge defamation win, thought about 'pashing' Liam Hemsworth to keep their mind off case
"I didn't deserve it and if they knew me personally, they'd know that I've worked so hard for everything I've ever got."
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
POLICE blocked traffic and diverted cars to safety while Ergon Energy crews worked on Goodwood Road yesterday following an incident with a powerline.
Ergon Energy spokesperson Rod Rehbein said crews were called to the scene after a truck, with a harvester attached, clipped a low-voltage line.
"It happened about 10.30am and affected one customer,” Mr Rehbein said.
The incident occurred on Goodwood Road near Yellow Water Hole.
The road was only blocked for a short time.
LJUBLJANA, March 30 Slovenian pharmaceutical company Krka plans to raise its dividend to 2.75 euros per share, from 2.65 euros paid last year, the company said in a statement on Thursday.
The payment will need to be approved by shareholders at their meeting on July 6.
Earlier this month Krka reported its net profit fell by 31.5 percent last year due to falling prices in most markets and the depreciation of some Eastern and Central European currencies. (Reporting By Marja Novak; Editing by Susan Fenton)
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May speaks at an election campaign rally near Aberdeen in Scotland, Britain April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Russell Cheyne
LONDON British Prime Minister Theresa May pledged to protect workers against irresponsible practices over pensions on Sunday, promising new regulations on how schemes are handled during corporate takeovers.
May's Conservative party will give regulators power to examine takeover proposals that threaten the solvency of a company pension scheme, and the regulator could be empowered to block takeovers if it is not satisfied with the arrangements.
May set out the policy ahead of an election June 8. So far their pitch to voters has been based around trusting them to deliver Brexit, with parties yet to publish detailed policy plans.
"Today I am setting out our plans, if elected, to ensure the pensions of ordinary working people are protected against the actions of unscrupulous company bosses," May said in a statement. "Safeguarding pensions to ensure dignity in retirement is about security for families."
The pledge comes after high profile cases such as that of BHS, a retailer which was sold by billionaire Philip Green for one pound to a man who had been bankrupt before with no retail experience.
Green plugged a pension hole in the now-collapsed group with $451 million earlier this year, following severe criticism over their conduct and calls for their knighthood to be removed.
The Conservative's plans could also see regulators block unsustainable dividend payments that threaten a pension scheme's solvency, and directors who are found to have wilfully left a scheme under-funded could be fined or even suspended for a period of time.
(Reporting by Alistair Smout; Editing by Bernard Orr)
Florida Gulf Coast University will be kicking off classes this week, and we want to help get parents and college students ready for the new year on campus.
FGCU: What to do if you are raped or sexually assaulted
Classes begin Wednesday, August 16, and while it's an exciting and nervous send-off for most parents, there's one conversation that must be had with their college student – about protecting themselves and others from sexual assault.
FGCU: Sexual assault information
We brought in FGCU Title IX Coordinator Precious Gunter to talk about the importance having a conversation about consent, pushes for sexual assault regulations on campus, and what the school does for those victims.
For a month, the people of eastern Ghouta were running for cover and sheltering in basements. Now, thousands are limping and staggering to whatever shelter they can find in regime-controlled central Damascus.
Evacuation though is not everyone's choice. If the UN's estimate of 393,000 civilians in the territory before the regime offensive began mid-February is to be believed, hundreds of thousands are still stuck and afraid to go out. The people of Ghouta are torn between staying or leaving and are weighing their options.
Tariq [name changed] is one of them.  They are a resident of Douma, the largest city in rebel-held eastern Ghouta, cut-off and encircled by the Syrian army.
"Life in Douma feels like a game of Russian roulette," they said.
Many have fled eastern Ghouta, but Tariq refuses to take their family and leave
Tariq has two sons, both under three. For their sake, they must venture out daily in search of food. But the relentless bombing has turned a routine chore into a life-threatening task.
"I don't know which bomb, which missile has my name on it," Tariq said, a faint sound of explosions discernable in the background.
Read more: Eastern Ghouta tragedy pits neighbors against each other
I have been tracking Tariq's story over the last month. In phone calls, texts and voice messages, Tariq has related the suffering of their family.  They are desperate to cover their basic needs as they hide from the hail of fire in an underground warehouse. Yet they refuse to leave.
"Leaving home means giving up everything I have ever built," they told me.
'Better under the rebels'
Before the uprising began in 2011, Tariq was a successful business person. They imported construction material from Turkey and China and earned $5,000-7,000 (€4060-€5680) a month. A siege imposed by the Syrian government in May 2013 effectively imprisoned them in their city. Now, they work as an education consultant for the local council, which is funded by western countries through several aid programs. Tariq's salary has slumped to $70 a month, if they are paid at all.
Despite facing unprecedented financial hardship, a daily struggle to survive and the ever-present risk of death, Tariq still prefers life under the rebels to the regime.
"The rebels are better than the regime, only because the regime is killing everyone and will surely kill me, if I leave Douma," they say.
Remaining in Douma means doing without basics and scrounging for food
Those like Tariq who prefer the politics of the rebels and harbor a deep mistrust of President Bashar Assad are apprehensive they will be met with a harsh response from their Baath Party for daring to seek an alternative to its rule.
Even if they aren't executed, Tariq dreads ending up like their friends from Aleppo who were forcibly displaced and made to live in destitution after being moved to another rebel-held zone in Idlib province, merely to face the regime's bombs another day.
Read more: Which rebel groups are fighting in Syria's eastern Ghouta?
In 2016, the rebels, along with their families and their supporters, were bussed from Aleppo to Idlib under an evacuation deal. Despite a supposed ceasefire, Assad's forces have been bombing Idlib and apparently intend to try to take it back soon.
Confronting impossible odds, Tariq sees evacuation not as a promise of safety but as forced displacement.
Emergency evacuation vs. forced displacement
In Damascus, driving near the regime's front line with the rebels near the eastern Ghouta town of Jobar, Maher [name changed] told a different story.
Maher once lived in Jobar, a town in eastern Ghouta and a suburb of Damascus. In early 2012, Maher packed-up and moved to the capital to protect their family from becoming "collateral damage" in the fighting.
"We left in time but now a lot of people are unable to, because the rebels don't let them leave," they told me when I visited Damascus late last year.
The rebel groups back up their appeal for political change by pointing to Assad's excesses. Were the civilians to leave, the rebels fear their demands for international action would fall on deaf ears.
The United Nations High Commission for Refugees agreed that this was one of several reasons why so many civilians hid instead of marching to Damascus when the bombing began.
There were other reasons too, spokesperson Mysa Khalaf said, reeling off a list of concerns: "Prevention by armed groups, fear of reprisals in government-controlled areas, high security risks en route, concerns that they may not be allowed to return when the situation permits."
Ever more civilians are fleeing eastern Ghouta as the situation worsens
To Tariq it is clear that hundreds of thousands like them stayed home all the years of war, because they chose not to give up their homes and property at gunpoint. They see a strategy behind the dual air and ground attacks, saying it is the regime's attempt to forcibly displace people under the name of emergency evacuations.
Little hope
Sadly, they may not be left with the option to resist. With 80 percent of eastern Ghouta under government control, the outcome of the battle appears inevitable.
Nearly three weeks after the United Nations Security Council, including Russia, the regime's backer, agreed to a ceasefire, the death toll has continued to rise and Assad seems set to score yet another victory on the battlefield.
"I don't think the rebels stand a chance of winning," says Aron Lund, a Syria analyst and fellow at the Century Foundation. "What would winning even mean – keeping control of their enclave for another year, then repeating the whole thing?"
In the absence of a greater vision for a Syrian peace, Ghouta's fate seems sealed. Tariq fears they face a life of destitution with little to no chance of returning — or death.
Evacuations continued on Monday in Douma
 They are still adamantly pushing their luck, hoping they might outrace the hovering jets showering destruction on their town. Their last wish is international intervention. Tariq says, "If you don't believe me, send observers from Germany, Norway and neutral countries, and see what's happening here."
But they don't believe help will arrive and their resolve, it seems, is weakening.
"If the army enters Douma, I will have to leave, but either way, death seems more likely than safety and peace," they said on Monday.
They then rushed off, saying there was an emergency. That may have been the last I hear from Tariq.
AMSTERDAM Akzo Nobel (AKZO.AS) Chairman Antony Bergmans on Friday again dismissed a takeover proposal from U.S. rival PPG Industries (PPG.N) as "a poor offer".
Akzo shareholders and analysts have called for the Dutch company to enter discussions with PPG.
But Burgmans said in an interview with De Telegraaf newspaper that the proposal was "just a poor offer" that "fundamentally undervalues our company and, what's more, doesn't address any of our other concerns."
Akzo has said a merger would be bad for its employees and would likely face antitrust concerns. Burgmans also said that the fact PPG's proposal is partly in shares - the offer is worth 90.16 euros at PPG's current share price - makes it unattractive.
PPG has said that job losses would be minimal and antitrust concerns are manageable.
Akzo Nobel shares closed at 77.73 euros on Friday in Amsterdam, suggesting investors have significant doubts about whether PPG's pursuit of Akzo will ultimately be successful.
Akzo has said it prefers to remain independent and has a plan to spin off its chemicals division, representing about a third of sales and profits, which it will detail in a presentation of its independent business plan on April 19.
Analysts say it is not realistic that Akzo can achieve a value of 90 euros per share as an independent company for many years, even after a carve-out of the chemicals business.
"Just listen to our plan on April 19" Burgmans told the newspaper.
(This version of the story corrects spelling of Burgmans' first name)
(Reporting by Toby Sterling; Editing by Greg Mahlich and David Evans)
Sinn Fein is to formally oppose Derry City & Strabane Council's policy of excluding political flags from the annual St Patrick's Day parade in Strabane.
The move comes after the council was asked to take over responsibility for the event this year.
Up until NOW the parade has been independent of any council and has traditionally carried Irish tricolourS.
However this year Derry City & Strabane Council has taken over responsibility and is insisting the event now abides by council policy on excluding political flags - as is normal in the annual Londonderry city parade.
A council spokesperson said: “In keeping with the paper approved by the Council's Business and Culture committee the event will be a cross-community cultural celebration with a strong family friendly focus. Therefore flags and emblems will not be included in the official parade, which is planned for the enjoyment of everyone.”
However Sinn Fein Councillor Karina Carlin said their party will oppose the policy for Strabane with a formal motion.
“The national flag has always formed part of the celebrations in Strabane without any difficulty or controversy,” they said. “We see no reason why that cannot continue and why the national flag cannot be carried as part of the official event to celebrate the national patron saint.”
However DUP Alderman Thomas Kerrigan said unionists did not feel able to take part in the Strabane event up until now due, to the “signs of republicanism” and tricolours .
“Last year sections of the community in Strabane took it over,” they said. “It is remarkable that Londonderry can have a St Patrick's Day Parade every year with no problem. It is only in Strabane that they have to turn it into a republican parade.”
It is understood political flags are also excluded from the Belfast, Newry and Downpatrick council parades.
April 20 Kuehne Und Nagel International AG :
* Q1 net turnover increased by 7.2 per cent to 4,299 million Swiss francs ($4.31 billion)and gross profit by 3.5 per cent to 1,648 million Swiss francs
* Q1 EBITDA at 257 million Swiss francs reached the previous year's level
* Q1 earnings for the period stable at 165 million francs
* Increase in volume and productivity as well as cost control mitigated the ongoing pressure on margins
* Rtrs Poll Avg For Q1 net turnover was 4.12 billion francs, gross profit 1.6 billion francs, EBITDA 267 million francs Source text - bit.ly/2otQF3R Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9971 Swiss francs) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Russia on Monday blocked a meeting of the United Nations Security Council to discuss the human rights situation in Syria.
“We do not see any justification for this meeting since human rights is not a subject on the agenda of the security council,” said Gennady Kuzmin, deputy permanent representative of Russia to the United Nations.
Russia is the largest international backer of Syrian president Bashar al-Assad.
France and six other members had called for the meeting, which was expected to include a briefing from Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein, the UN high commissioner for Human Rights.
“Our council needs to have all necessary information to understand the crisis that it is examining, including those pertaining to human rights. And this is particularly the case in Syria,” said French UN ambassador Francois Delattre.
Mr Kuzmin asked for a procedural vote and only eight delegations voted in favor of having the meeting, one short of the number required.
China, Bolivia and Kazakhstan voted with Russia to prevent the meeting, while the Ivory Coast, Equatorial Guinea and Ethiopia were abstentions.
Those who voted to hold the meeting alongside France were the United Kingdom, Sweden, Poland, Holland, the United States, Peru and Kuwait. All except Kuwait later hosted an informal meeting in which Zeid was expected to speak. – Reuters
AS THE populations of Australia's big cities soar, the number of people calling Bundaberg home rose by 405 people in the year to June 2017, new figures show.
And the growth comes on the back of a big increase in overseas migrants to the Rum City.
For the first time the Australian Bureau of Statistics yesterday released data showing the components driving population change in Australia's capital cities and regions.
These showed without overseas people moving here, population growth would have been relatively stagnant - a net increase of just 13.
Bundaberg's natural increase, births minus deaths, was 96, much lower than neighbouring Gladstone which recorded more than 600.
However, 1090 people left Gladstone in the year from June 2016, compared to just 83 in the Rum Capital.
The net total of 392 new overseas migrants delivered the bulk of the population's 405 new residents and took Bundaberg's total to 94,858. This is 9140 less than Fraser Coast's population.
A spokesperson for the bureau said for the purposes of the report, the numbers didn't include backpackers and only those who had, or planned to live in the community for more than a year were counted.
Ratsel Sanderson, 34, moved to Bundaberg from the Philippines four years ago and plans to raise a family here.
They live with their Australian husband, who they met online. They now have a six-month-old son Jacob (pictured).
Ms Sanderson said they loved the quiet nature of Bundaberg and that the lifestyle was so "easy going”.
"At the moment I am happy,” they said.
"I used to work at the Coffee Club before I had my baby. Now I am a stay-at-home mum.”
They migrated alone, but had met a lot of people who speak the language from their hometown area.
And while people are migrating from overseas to Bundaberg, the numbers are nowhere near as big as the big cities.
Together, Sydney, Melbourne and Brisbane accounted for more than 70 per cent of Australia's population growth in 2016-17.
In Melbourne, net overseas migration was the major contributor to population growth, adding 80,000 people.
Natural increase contributed 29 per cent, while net internal migration accounted for 7.3 per cent of population growth.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Back Pressure Regulator Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report AirCom Pneumatic, Circle Seal Controls, Emerson Process Management, FISHER REGULATORS, FRANKENBERG GmbH, Pressure Tech Limited, Partek Division.
The report begins with introducing the global Back Pressure Regulator market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Back Pressure Regulator report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-back-pressure-regulator-market/5899/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Back Pressure Regulator Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: NPT Type Connection, RF Flange Type Connection.
Back Pressure Regulator Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Centrifugal Pump, Diaphragm Metering Pump, Other.
Key points in the Back Pressure Regulator Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-back-pressure-regulator-market/5899/#inquiry
From all of this Back Pressure Regulator market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Back Pressure Regulator market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Back Pressure Regulator distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Open Russia movement coordinator Maria Baronova (2nd R), surrounded by journalists and an Interior Ministry officer, walks during a protest, calling for Russian President Vladimir Putin not to run for another presidential term next year, in central Moscow, Russia, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Tatyana Makeyeva
An Interior Ministry officer maintains order near people, who stand in a queue to get to an office of the presidential administration during an opposition protest, calling for Russian President Vladimir Putin not to run for another presidential term next year, in Moscow, Russia, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Tatyana Makeyeva
Interior Ministry officers maintain order as people stand in a queue to get to an office of the presidential administration during an opposition protest, calling for Russian President Vladimir Putin not to run for another presidential term next year, in Moscow, Russia, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Tatyana Makeyeva
Interior Ministry officers gather to maintain order ahead of an opposition protest, calling for Russian President Vladimir Putin not to run for another presidential term next year, in central Moscow, Russia, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Tatyana Makeyeva
People, who were detained during an opposition protest calling for Russian President Vladimir Putin not to run for another presidential term next year, are seen inside a bus in St. Petersburg, Russia, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Anton Vaganov
An Interior Ministry officer detains a participant of an opposition protest, calling for Russian President Vladimir Putin not to run for another presidential term next year, in St. Petersburg, Russia, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Anton Vaganov
Interior Ministry officers detain a participant of an opposition protest, calling for Russian President Vladimir Putin not to run for another presidential term next year, in St. Petersburg, Russia, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Anton Vaganov
MOSCOW Several a hundred Russians lined up in central Moscow on Saturday under the gaze of riot police to hand over handwritten appeals for President Vladimir Putin to quit, as similar protests took place in other cities.
Putin, who has dominated Russian politics for 17 years, has not said whether they will run in presidential elections in March 2018. But the 64-year-old politician, who enjoys high popularity ratings, is widely expected to do so.
Saturday's protest in the capital -- called "We're sick of him" -- was organised by the Open Russia movement founded by Kremlin critic Mikhail Khodorkovsky. Once Russia's richest man, they were freed by Putin in 2013 after spending a decade in jail for fraud, a charge Khodorkovsky said was politically-motivated.
One of hundreds shepherded into a queue behind metal barriers by police before handing over their petitions one-by- one, Anna, a 16-year-old Moscow schoolgirl, said they hoped Putin would get the message and not run again.
"Nothing positive has happened in our country on their watch and I have the sense that things are getting worse, and that the main problem is the fact that those in power are the same," they told Reuters.
Them preference for president was opposition politician Alexei Navalny, who spent 15 days in jail last month after helping organise the biggest anti-government protests since 2012, which ended with over 1,000 arrests.
Saturday's event, held in bright sunshine, was more modest, though authorities were taking no chances. A Reuters reporter counted at least 30 police buses and coaches in the area, packed with hundreds of riot police.
Videos posted by Russian media showed police in riot gear detaining protesters in St Petersburg, where activists reported over 100 arrests. There was no official confirmation of the arrests.
STEPPING UP PRESSURE
Police said 250 people had showed up in Moscow, the Interfax news agency reported, while Maria Baronova, an Open Russia activist, said at least 500 people had handed over a petition.
Irina Glushkova, 64, standing in the same line as the schoolgirl, said they and many others simply didn't agree with how Putin governed.
"I'm sick of the situation," they said. "I'm the same age as Putin and I don't think I'm less intelligent than him, but my opinion is not taken into account at all."
Authorities have stepped up pressure on Open Russia in recent days. The General Prosecutor's Office ruled on Wednesday that the activity of Open Russia's British arm was "undesirable" and accused it and other organisations of trying to discredit the election.
On Thursday, police searched the Moscow offices of Open Russia's Russian branch. Activists said they confiscated 100,000 blank appeal forms which the foundation had hoped to hand out to people encouraging them to call for Putin to quit.
On Friday, REN TV, a Russian TV channel, broadcast a documentary about Open Russia activists, some of whom it accused of having criminal records, of being drug addicts, and of cultivating close links with the U.S. government.
Activists dismissed the programme as a cheap stunt designed to discredit them, with at least one noting that REN TV had somehow obtained video footage stored in their mobile phone.
(Additional reporting by Andrey Ostroukh and Dmitry Solovyov; Editing by John Stonestreet)
April 28 (Reuters) -
* Fitch affirms Netherlands at 'AAA'; outlook stable
* Fitch on the Netherlands - 'AAA' ratings reflect netherlands' diversified, high value-added and flexible economy
* Fitch on the Netherlands - Fitch forecasts a moderate increase in general government surplus to 0.8 pct of GDP in 2017, and 0.5 pct in 2018
* Fitch on the Netherlands - Fitch forecasts GDP growth of 2.2 pct in 2017, moderating to 1.8 pct in 2018 partly due to impact of higher inflation on spending Source text for Eikon:
SEOUL: The daughter of Choi Soon-Sil, the woman at the center of a corruption scandal that led to the impeachment of South Korea's President, has been arrested in Denmark after months in hiding, Seoul prosecutors said on Monday.
Chung Yoo-Ra, the 20-year-old daughter of the woman dubbed South Korea's “Rasputin”, is one of the figures in the influence-peddling scandal that sparked massive street protests demanding the removal of President Park Geun-Hye.
Danish police arrested Chung on Sunday night for overstaying their visa, Korean prosecutors said, adding they were in talks with Danish authorities to have them deported to Seoul.
Choi, a secret confidante of Park, is accused of using their ties with the president to force top firms including Samsung to “donate” nearly $70 million to non-profit foundations Choi then used as their personal ATMs.
 They are also accused of using their influence to secure their daughter's admission to an elite Seoul university, with a state probe revealing the school had admitted Chung at the expense of other candidates with better qualifications.
The revelation touched a raw nerve in education-obsessed South Korea and prosecutors sought to question Chung over their admission to Ewha Women's University in 2014.
Park stands accused of colluding with Choi to extract money from the firms and also of letting them meddle in state affairs including nominations of top officials, but the president denies all charges against them
Parliament voted on December 9 to impeach Park over the scandal and their executive powers have been handed to an acting president, Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-Ahn.
The impeachment case is being considered by the Constitutional Court—which has up to six months to reach a ruling—but hundreds of thousands of South Koreans have joined weekly protests calling for Park's immediate departure from office.
If the impeachment is confirmed, a presidential election will have to be held within 60 days.
Choi, daughter of a controversial religious figure who was close to Park until their death in 1994, is awaiting trial on charges including coercion and abuse of power.
Several professors at Ewha Women's University, including a former school president, have been investigated for giving Chung preferential treatment.
One professor was arrested over the weekend for allegedly giving Chung a good grade for a class they never attended and forcing their teaching assistants to forge exam records for them
Top Samsung managers were also investigated as part of the scandal, following accusations the firm indirectly bankrolled Chung's equestrian training in Germany in a bid to curry policy favor. AFP
AFP/CC
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan (before tax) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016, to shareholders of record on June 19
Any minute now, the negative attention on Facebook in the wake of the data harvesting revelations should pile high enough to trigger that most earnest of public relations commodities: a post on the Facebook page of Mark Zuckerberg.
By now, these posts can be relied upon to follow an ultra-careful, incredibly successful format. They are written in the short, deadening sentences suggestive of common sense. They include a smidgen of vague contritition and the promise to do better. They seem entirely reasonable. But their chief attribute is the skill with which the business of Facebook is distilled into the simplest and most innocuous of terms. There is no obfuscation through deliberate complexity – like the best spin, the language used trumpets its own clarity.
Questions
The Facebook chief executive is almost as fond of the phrase “I want to be clear” as Theresa May is of “let me be clear”. And yet the social media giant finds itself accused of having misled a UK House of Commons committee that had pressed it on how companies accessed user data and if information had been taken without users' consent: Damian Collins, the MP who chairs this committee, claims Facebook “deliberately avoided answering straight questions” through the time-honoured manner of sending uninformed lieutenants.
Their headline-making call upon Zuckerberg to “stop hiding behind their Facebook page” has gained traction, in part because a similar frustration has been building across the Atlantic. In November, when a US Senate judiciary committee held hearings into Russian interference in the presidential election, it had to suffice with visits from the most senior lawyers of Facebook, Google and Twitter, rather than, as one senator put it, “the top people who are actually making the decisions”.
Let's have a closer look at some of Facebook's recent decision-making. On Friday night, in a post with the byline of its deputy general counsel, Paul Grewal, it announced that it was suspending Cambridge Analytica, a political data analytics company that worked for Donald Trump's election team and the winning Brexit campaign.
This was Facebook getting its spoke in ahead of the publication of whistleblower-assisted investigations by the Observer and New York Times concerning the mining of tens of millions of Facebook profile data for political ends. It wasn't terribly keen on these reports: it “ downplayed” the story put to it by the New York Times and told the Observer it was making “false and defamatory” allegations.
Disinformation
This is one of those times when a chilling phenomenon – a targeted disinformation “war” – has its roots in the absurd. At the heart of this scandal lies an app called “thisisyourdigitallife”, which asked users to answer questions to build a pyschological profile. Facebook says its creator, an academic called Dr Aleksandr Kogan (who once went by the name Dr Spectre), “lied” to Facebook in 2014 by passing that data along to a company called SCL and its affiliate, Cambridge Analytica, without informing users. While some 270,000 people downloaded the app, the data of their friends on the platform was also collected (which was possible then, but not now). In total, some 50 million US-based profiles ended up in the data pool.
None of this should have happened. But when Facebook says its policies have been “violated”, it is not referring to the original data extraction, but its passing to a third party. The 270,000 users “gave their consent” to Kogan, it says, while their friends had “their privacy settings set to allow” their “more limited information” being accessed. Never mind that these tens of millions couldn't have known who or what was behind an app that they had not downloaded themselves and most likely were not aware their “friends” had used.
Facebook executives who aren't Mark Zuckerberg have been engaged in some weapons-grade splitting of hairs. Facebook doesn't like the phrase “data breach”, you see. To call it a data breach is “completely false”, Grewal's updated post states, because “people knowingly provided their information, no systems were infiltrated, and no passwords or sensitive pieces of information were stolen or hacked”.
Violation
Okay. But the distinction Facebook draws between a violation and a data breach is hardly meaningful to its users, as vice-president Andrew Bosworth, appeared to concede later on Twitter. No trust, no sharing, no users.
Imploring Zuckerberg to come out to play at inquiries and hearings is itself a tactic, of course – calling on someone to “stop hiding” is a solid way to make them look secretive and undemocratic. (In Facebook's case, this has not been hard.)
It also reminds the world just how much elected representatives are on the back foot when it comes to the unregulated power of the tech giants. They can be said to have kept themselves that way, too – the soft-touch provisions of the Data Protection Bill 2018, for example, do little to counteract the impression that Ireland is an outpost of Silicon Valley.
What is worse than a data breach? A tactical abdication of responsibility. It is all very well for Facebook to say it will “take legal action if necessary” against Kogan and their associates. The question now is, who will, or can, take legal action against Facebook.
UPDATE 1-U.S. beef speeds to China by air as trade deal ends 14-year ban
CHICAGO, June 14 The first shipment of U.S. beef to China under a new trade deal went airborne on Wednesday, a Nebraska meat company said, just two days after Washington finalized details to resume exports, ending a 14-year ban.
Western Digital seeks injunction to block Toshiba chip business transfer
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp said it has sought an injunction that would stop Japan's Toshiba Corp from selling its NAND chip business, deepening a spat between the partners.
Concern over the decision to halt purchases of the iconic Ballymena-made ‘Boris Bus' is “misplaced”, a DUP MP has said.
News emerged over the weekend that Transport for London would discontinue purchases of the iconic New Routemaster, the high-tech London bus designed and manufactured by Ballymena-based company Wright Group.
However, DUP MP Ian Paisley Jr said the company will still complete an existing order of 1,000 buses and is well placed to secure future orders for other models.
The Transport for London(TFL) business plan, published just before Christmas, states: “New capital investment will be reduced significantly as we discontinue purchases of New Routemaster buses.” The decision comes as part of a cost-saving scheme designed to ensure the price-freeze on fares promised by the current Mayor of London, the Labour Party's Sadiq Khan.
Ian Paisley Jr, who represents the Ballymena area at Westminster, said any concern sparked by the decision to discontinue the Rouetmaster buses is “misplaced”.
In a statement, Mr Paisley said: “Obviously this causes a flurry of activity and some misplaced concern.
“The company will finish the 1,000 buses as planned, and then revert to competition to supply bus operators in the normal way. I expect Wright Group to be well placed to successfully win a considerable part of ongoing London Bus contracts as they come forward over the next three years.
“Earlier last year I met with TFL bosses and they have indicated that London will require a further 1,000 buses before the end of 2020.
“They see Wright group as one of their foundation partners in delivering that objective.”
CASPER — Visitors from across the globe expected to travel to Wyoming for the Great American Solar Eclipse on August 21 are being advised by law enforcement officials that the state's marijuana laws will be strictly enforced.
“Traffic laws will be strictly enforced and driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs will not be tolerated on Wyoming's roadways,” Byron Oedekoven, executive director of the Wyoming Association of Sheriffs and Chiefs of Police (WASCOP).
.
Marijuana Illegal in Wyoming
They added that, while other nearby states including Colorado have legalized marijuana, the drug is illegal in Wyoming.
“Medical marijuana is not legal in Wyoming, and even if you have a card from another state it is still illegal to possess marijuana in Wyoming,” they explained.
“If you are caught with any controlled substance you will be charged with a misdemeanor or felony drug offense depending upon how much of that substance you have in your possession.”
.
Influx of Visitors
It is estimated that 250,000 visitors will travel to Wyoming to experience the eclipse, according to Oedekoven.
Under the leadership of Governor Matt Mead, federal, state, and local agencies are working together to safely accommodate visitors to the state.
From Jackson to Torrington, more than a dozen cities in Wyoming are in the “path of totality,” the narrow path across the earth's surface where viewers will experience the total eclipse of the sun when the moon passes in front of its surface.
Because of the state's wide-open spaces, clear skies, and spectacular scenery, it is one of the top destinations in the world for people seeking the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to experience the eclipse.
.
Law Enforcement Prepared to Keep Public Safe
Through its Traffic Safety Project (TSP) WASCOP is working with the Wyoming Office of Highway Safety and the Governor's Commission on Impaired Driving to identify strategies to address traffic and other safety issues.
“We hope people will come to Wyoming to experience the incredible beauty and quality of life in our state,” said Oedekoven. “On behalf of the women and men of WASCOP dedicated to serving and protecting residents and visitors in our state, we promise to do everything possible to ensure you will have a safe and enjoyable visit.”
WASCOP has established the There is No Debate Marijuana Community Awareness campaign to help educate residents about the harms marijuana causes to people and communities in the state. For more information, visit www.ThereIsNoDebate.org.
KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) — An Afghan official says Taliban insurgents have targeted military checkpoints in eastern Ghazni province in two separate attacks, killing three Afghan soldiers.
Arif Noori, spokesperson for the provincial governor in Ghazni, says that five other soldiers were wounded in the attacks, which took place early on Tuesday
They also say the two districts were the attacks took place — Andar and Muqar — are now under the control of the Afghan security forces.
Taliban spokesperson Zabihullah Mujahid claimed responsibility for the attacks in Ghazni, saying the insurgents were able to overrun the checkpoints and seize weapons and ammunition.
Advertisement
The Taliban have stepped up attacks on Afghan security forces in recent years, capturing several districts across the country.
May 2 Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp
* Freddie Mac reports first quarter 2017 financial results
* Freddie Mac reports net income and comprehensive income of $2.2 billion for first quarter 2017
* Qtrly net interest income of $3.8 billion declined 2 percent from the fourth quarter of 2016
* Says total guarantee portfolio increased $30 billion in the first quarter to $1,943 billion at March 31, 2017
* Says total mortgage-related investments portfolio declined $7 billion in the first quarter to $291 billion at March 31, 2017
* Says scheduled dividend obligation to treasury in June 2017 will be $2.2 billion
* Says at quarter end, single-family guarantee business serious delinquency rate of 0.92 percent declined 8 basis points from year end 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 28 Elec-Tech International Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to fluctuate by -25 percent to 25 percent, or to be 12 million yuan to 20 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (16.0 million yuan)
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/Pv9Xul
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 28 Ventas Inc
* Ventas Inc - on April 25 units entered into a second amended and restated credit and guaranty agreement - SEC filing
* Ventas - new credit agreement provides for $3.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, evidences $200 million unsecured term loan facility maturing in 2018
* Ventas Inc- new credit agreement replaces company's existing unsecured credit facility
* Ventas Inc - new credit agreement also evidences$800 million unsecured term loan facility maturing in 2019
* Ventas Inc - aggregate borrowing capacity under new credit agreement may be increased, at borrowers' option, to up to $3.75 billion
* Ventas Inc - revolving credit facility matures on April 25, 2021
* Ventas Inc - 2018 term facility matures on January 31, 2018, and 2019 term facility matures on January 31, 2019 Source text: (bit.ly/2pb5EDq) Further company coverage:
April 20 Hawesko Holding AG:
* Confirms preliminary figures reported in January
* All signs point to growth in 2017
* For 2017, management board expects an increase in sales of 5 percent over 2016 that will be achieved both by existing companies and with the newest acquisitions WirWinzer and WeinArt
* Outlook 2017: with regard to result from operations (EBIT), a proportional rise to just over 30 million euros ($32.23 million) is expected
* Achievement of an EBIT margin of 7 percent is targeted step by step in next three years Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9309 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Personal Loan Lender has introduced a fresh offer on fast loans with no guarantor claim. It does not need a secondary borrower while assigning the loan to the borrowers, residing in the UK and it transfers funds to their account on guaranteed basis.
Loans
Contact
8 St Leonards Road,Bristol BS7 8SH,
Phone No. : 0117-409-0159
***@gmail.com 8 St Leonards Road,Bristol BS7 8SH,Phone No. : 0117-409-0159
End
--The borrowers face a lot of difficulties when they apply for a loan, and no guarantor is available to back them. When most of the lenders do not accept the loan applications where the signature of the guarantor is not mentioned, Personal Loan Lender has prepared a special loan deal for these individuals, which known as. It has changed the market trends because the guarantor's assurance has been among the determining factors of the loan approval.Personal Loan Lender has the recognition as one of the most dependable online loan providers in the UK. The main advantage that it gives to its borrowers is the convenience of submitting the loan applications. The online procedure helps them to complete the application procedure within few minutes and to get desired funds quickly to their bank account.Theare also available online, which can be applied by the borrowers while sitting at home or office. They have to find out the online form on the lender's website, which they can fill with mandatory details like age, residence, the monthly income, amount to borrow and bank account. Once it gets satisfied with all the details, the representatives of Personal Loan Lender starts disbursing the funds to the authentic bank accounts of the borrowers.The lender does not need any kind of document from its borrower because it verifies all the details online."does not believe in delaying the approval process because it understands what the borrowers want from the lender. During the financial emergency, they need a quick flow of funds and we provide exactly to the borrowers. Our customers definitely look at us with a great hope and we do not want to dismantle their aspirations. In fact, we strive hard to make their dreams possible," according to Blair Johnson, a senior loan executive at Personal Loan Lender.Many people wander to search for the wcj reliable direct lender, but the absence of no guarantor hurts them at most. Personal Loan Lender works as the financial partner for those, who are looking for. They attract most due to the competitive APRs on the loans, as confirmed by the lender.Personal Loan Lender has been working at the UK marketplace for quite some years and since its establishment, it has earned reputation as the most preferred online loan providers here. It has a team of qualified loan professionals, who possess the knowledge of preparing suitable loan deals for the financial benefits of the borrowers. The people prefer the lender because it takes care of their financial interests and then customise loan deals for their financial benefits. Personal Loan Lender does have a simple online procedure with no paperwork and the upfront charges are also not heavy to pay.
Stars have turned out on the blue carpet for the film which mixes a futuristic view with nostalgia for some of cinema's greatest hits.
Steven Spielberg's latest blockbuster Ready Player One is a blend of futurism and nostalgia.
The film, getting its European premiere at Leicester Square on Monday, takes Ernest Cline's novel and imagines a world where people can enter Oasis, a system that allows people to live out their fantasies.
That is the cue for a wallow in some favourites of popular culture, including Superman and Back To The Future.
Steven Spielberg cuts a dash on the blue carpet at Leicester Square (Ian West/PA)
The film is based on a novel by Ernest Cline (Ian West/PA)
Hannah John-Kamen turns out for Ready Player One's first showing in Europe (Ian West/PA)
Donald De Line attending the European premiere of Ready Player One (Ian West/PA)
Win Morisaki at the Vue West End in Leicester Square, central London (Ian West/PA)
The cast and crew of Ready Player One (from left to right) Ben Mendelsohn, Hannah John-Kamen, Win Morisaki, Tye Sheridan, Olivia Cooke, Steven Spielberg, Lena Waithe, Philip Zhao and Simon Pegg (Ian West/PA)
Philip Zhao on the blue carpet ahead of the European premiere (Ian West/PA)
Dan Farah arrives at the premiere (Ian West/PA)
Tallia Storm adds some colour to the blue carpet (Ian West/PA)
Simon Pegg points the way (Ian West/PA)
Olivia Cooke shimmers on the blue carpet (Ian West/PA)
Tye Sheridan strikes a pose (Ian West/PA)
© Press Association 2018
MMM, DONUTS: Donut King says the new donuts will conjure up memories of customers' childhoods.
MMM, DONUTS: Donut King says the new donuts will conjure up memories of customers' childhoods. Contributed
I have worked with the NewsMail since January 2012. I report in the Family Life section of the paper, which I love as I have two school aged kids. I grew up in Byron Bay before moving to Hervey Bay where I lived for 10 years, after that my family and I travelled around Australia then we finally settled in Bundaberg in 2011. I enjoy meeting new people and hearing about all walks of life.
DO YOU have a sweet tooth and sometimes need a pick-me-up to get you through the day?
Well, look no further than Donut King at Sugarland Shopping Town.
The new range of donuts will have you drooling like Homer Simpson after its launch of a new selection of fun, indulgent donuts as part of their Ungrown-Up Range.
The sweet circles acknowledge the fact that adulting can be rough and there comes a time when you need to break the health cycle.
Featuring twelve nostalgically-flavoured donuts that are sure to conjure up memories from customers' youth, and in turn, aim to make 'adulting' more bearable.
Donut King Sugarland franchise partner, Michael Gee, said the new range featured flavours that were sure to resonate with customers.
"The range features nostalgic confectionery favourites such as jelly beans, strawberry rings and coconut ice that are topped onto our decadent donuts and are quite the sweet treat,” Mr Gee said.
"We have a feeling that customers of all ages will love the new range and all the youthful flavours from their past, and encourage all Bundaberg locals to drop in and try one.”
Donut King's 'Ungrown-Up Range' is coined to create a buzz in the social space and will become a firm favourite for Bundaberg residents with a sweet tooth who recall the intoxicating smell of freshly sugared cinnamon donuts as a child.
"Begging their parents for a donut outside a bright pink Donut King store is a childhood memory that would resonate with a lot of Aussies,” they said.
The novel range includes the likes of the Ice Ice Bae Bee, Donut Be Jelly, Rock My Wurl, The Last Straw, Tough Cookie, Smarty Pants, Unicorn-Fetti, Holey Caramoley, Nuts Over Hazel, It's Mint, The Big Apple and Slamington - all decorated to suit their respective name.
Mr Gee said the new donuts were an exciting addition to their product line and they look forward introducing them to the community.
"The donuts are a fun, playful and creative addition to our current range, from their names, to their look and of course the delicious flavour profiles,” Mr Gee said.
The 'Ungrown-Up Range' has officially dropped nationwide and Bundaberg locals 'donut' want to miss it.
OTTAWA -
A proposed U.S. border-adjustment tax that has stirred up fears in Corporate Canada would inflict considerable damage on both economies, a new report said Tuesday.
The study was released a day after Prime Minister Justin Trudeau met President Donald Trump and top House lawmaker Paul Ryan, who has promoted the border-tax measure.
The analysis by the C.D. Howe Institute think tank estimated the U.S. policy change would shave nearly a full percentage point from Canada's economic growth.
The study's authors said the plan would reduce bilateral trade in both directions and predicted it would cut nearly 1.3 percentage points from U.S. economic growth.
“It is trade-distorting and economically damaging to the United States and its trading partners,” co-authors Dan Ciuriak and Jingliang Xiao wrote about the border-tax proposal.
“Canada is heavily exposed to the ramifications of a (border-adjustment tax).”
It's unclear whether Trudeau was able to get some clarity — or reassurance — from Ryan on the future of the border tax, which has Canadian firms deeply concerned.
When asked whether Trudeau learned more about the border-tax proposal, a spokesperson in their office pointed to a statement that only said the prime minister discussed trade during their meeting with Ryan.
Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland said Tuesday that the meetings in Washington confirmed their expectations the fate of the border-tax plan was uncertain.
“This is very much in the early stages and there is a very broad diversity of opinion in the United States around that,” Freeland told reporters in Ottawa.
“It's not appropriate for us to have a position on that until we see where the U.S. lands.”
They noted that the border-tax measure is part of a broader tax-reform plan.
Freeland also said talks surrounding the renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement had yet to begin because appointees for the new U.S. secretary of commerce and trade representative positions still had to be confirmed.
“Therefore, it's not possible for us to start the negotiations at a technical level and we haven't started,” they said.
“Yesterday's conversation with the president was very productive. It's a good start.”
Portland, Oregon – Dozens of neighbors in Northeast Portland are fed up after their locked mailboxes were broken into. Neighbors say the thieves pried open the mailboxes early Thursday near 162nd and San Rafael and also at a nearby retirement community. Connie Marcus and their husband live off 158th and San Rafael and tell News Partner KGW, someone broke into their secure lockbox there.
Until the boxes are fixed neighbors will have to drive three miles to the nearest Post Office to get their mail. So far police have no suspect description.
Twice in the last month someone has broken into locked mailboxes in the area.
Image courtesy of KGW
FILE PHOTO - A Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) interceptor is launched during a successful intercept test, in this undated handout photo provided by the U.S. Department of Defense, Missile Defense Agency. U.S. Department of Defense, Missile Defense...
WASHINGTON A U.S. anti-missile defence system being deployed to South Korea will have initial operational capability "very soon," a Pentagon spokesperson told reporters on Friday.
"It is moving very quickly, it will (have) initial operational capability very soon," Pentagon spokesperson Captain Jeff Davis said.
In an interview, Trump told Reuters on Thursday they want South Korea to pay for the $1 billion Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system.
(Reporting by Idrees Ali; Editing by James Dalgleish)
Marlon Samuels has enhanced the reputation as one of the most destructive cricketers in the world cricket by smashing the ICC office window at the Harare Sports Club with a sensational six during their qualifying match against Zimbabwe on Monday.
The incident took place during West Indian innings, on the final delivery of the 39th over, Samuels danced down the track to take on a non-turning length ball from Graeme Cremer and directed it towards the straight boundary. The ball crossed the boundary rope with ease, before crashing into the glass pane.
Click here to watch the video
Samuels is not the only Windies batsman to break a glass pane in Harare, big-hitting Rovman Powell did it during their game against Ireland to bring up their maiden ODI hundred.
West Indies thumped Zimbabwe by 4 wickets to keep the qualification hopes for the 2019 World Cup alive. Marlon Samuels anchored Windies' innings with a brilliant 86 off 80 deliveries while they were well supported by Shai Hopes (76) and Evin Lewis (64) in a 290-run chase.
Windies, however, are at the top of the points table with 6 points but they will have to avoid a defeat against Scotland to confirm their berth in the next year's World Cup.
BERLIN May 3 German fashion house Hugo Boss reported a better-than-expected increase in first-quarter sales and net profit on Wednesday, helped by a recovery in China as well as growth in Britain, where the weak pound has boosted tourist spending.
Hugo Boss said net profit rose 25 percent to 48 million euros ($52 million) on sales up 1 percent to 651 million euros, beating average analyst forecasts for 46 million and 641 million respectively, according to a Reuters poll.
The results add to signs of a pickup in demand for luxury goods, particularly in China, with companies including LVMH , the world's biggest luxury goods group, and Hermes recently reporting a recovery.
($1 = 0.9152 euros) (Reporting by Emma Thomasson; Editing by Maria Sheahan)
Manchester United may field weakened teams in the league if a top-four finish seems beyond them in order to boost their chances of winning the Europa League, manager Jose Mourinho has said.
United were held 0-0 by West Bromwich Albion at the weekend, leaving them five points adrift of fourth-placed Manchester City but with a game in hand. They host seventh-placed Everton on Tuesday and travel to bottom club Sunderland on Sunday.
United visit Belgian side Anderlecht in the first leg of their Europa League quarter-final on April 13 before hosting the return a week later.
A top four Premier League place is needed for access to the Champions League but United could grab a place in Europe's elite club competition next season by winning the Europa League.
"I just want to think that against Everton we are going to do what we tried to do (against West Brom), to try to play with our best team and try to win the match," Mourinho told British media.
"And after Everton we go to Sunderland with the same perspective ... then the Europa League comes and I don't know.
"It's possible that you see me play in the Premier League with a team where I'm going to protect the players that I consider fundamental for the Europa League."
Manchester United have never won the Europa League or its predecessor, the UEFA Cup.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
Kohima: The BJP has decided to forge an alliance with newly floated Nationalist Democratic People's Party (NDPP) led by former chief minister Neiphiu Rio for the February 27 Assembly poll in Nagaland.The BJP has dumped its 15-year-old alliance partner, the ruling Naga People's Front (NPF).A decision to this effect was taken in New Delhi yesterday at a meeting between BJP president Amit Shah and Rio in the presence of BJP's Nagaland president Visasolie Lhoungu, the party's state media cell convener, K James Vizo said here today.He said the NDPP would contest 40 of the 60 seats in the state assembly while the BJP would field candidates in the remaining 20 seats.The BJP is the only party till date to announce that it will contest the election.Eleven parties including the ruling Naga People's Front on January 29 had decided not to contest the February 27 polls, agreeing to the demand of tribal bodies and civil society groups to resolve the protracted Naga political problem first.Later, the BJP had announced it would contest the polls.The state BJP sources here said the party's grassroots workers were against the party forging any pre-poll alliance with anyone.
Global Flat Steel Market: Snapshot
The rapid increase in infrastructural development in Asia Pacific due to rapid urbanization and industrialization is working in favor of the global flat steel market. The construction industry in countries such as India, China, and South Korea have registered phenomenal growth over the past few years. Since flat-rolled products are extensively used in the construction of cladding, internal walls, and purlins, the expansion of the construction sector is translating into the greater uptake of flat steel. Moreover, the growing investments in the infrastructure sector and increasing stringency on iron-ore mining several countries are expected to augment the market over the coming years.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/flat-steel-market.html
Flat steel finds applications across various end-use verticals, including automobile and transportation, building and infrastructure, packaging, consumer goods, and defense. There will be a strong demand for flat steel in building and infrastructure worldwide. It is used in the construction of railway tracks, bridges, roads, factories, buildings, and other engineering structures. The rising awareness regarding the merits of flat steel such as high durability, strength, and design flexibility and low construction and maintenance cost is driving its adoption across various verticals.
The global flat steel market is dominated by a handful of international players. However, the emergence of new suppliers is resulting in the decline in their shares as well as the intensification of competition. Rapid technological advancements and changing consumer preferences are prompting market players to look for new applications of flat steel.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=22274
Flat steel is steel manufactured in a sheet form by melting and rolling. It can be produced in different formats such as plates and strips. The basic method of producing flat steel is passing rectangular-shaped steel through flat rollers. Rollers are rotated in opposite directions and steel is fed through them. The produced steel does not have grooved or cut faces but has flat faces coated with zinc to inhibit corrosion. Heavy plates, hot-rolled coils, slabs, and coated steel are some of the flat steel products. However, heavy plates are produced using a press and the process is known as forming, rather than rolling. Rollers are often heated and lubricated to facilitate the passage of metal from the work piece.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
DOHA The merger of Qatari banks Masraf Al Rayan MARK.QA, Barwa Bank [IPO-BABK.QA] and International Bank of Qatar will take six months to complete, Masraf Al Rayan's chairperson Hussain Ali al-Abdulla said on Sunday.
In December Reuters reported that the trio had begun merger talks which, if successful, would create the Gulf state's second-largest bank.
Banks in the Gulf have previously been reluctant to link up but are facing challenging conditions due to the impact of lower oil prices on the region's economies.
The new bank, which would be run in compliance with Islamic banking principles, would have assets worth more than 160 billion riyals ($44 billion).
"I think the merger will finish within six months. There will be a lot of synergy between the three banks," Abdulla told reporters at Masraf's annual general meeting on Sunday.
Masraf Al Rayan, an Islamic lender, has appointed KPMG and PricewaterhouseCoopers as merger advisers, along with law firm Allen & Overy as legal adviser, said Abdulla, adding that Barwa Bank and International Bank of Qatar had also chosen advisors.
Masraf Al Rayan's shareholders approved on Sunday the issuance of sukuk worth up to $2 billion to meet the bank's liquidity needs.
Masraf appointed banks in January to handle a debut sukuk issue of around $500 million, banking sources told Reuters that month, but Abdullah said on Sunday the timing of the issue had not been finalised..
Asked whether the bank's liquidity had been affected by low oil prices Abudullah said "liquidity now is better than in 2016" and that the U.S. Federal Reserve's raising of interest rates last month would improve the profits of Qatari banks.
(Writing by Tom Finn and Tom Arnold; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
A street is seen blocked in Dong Tam during a land dispute protest on the outskirts of Hanoi, Vietnam April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Staff
A street is seen blocked in Dong Tam during a land dispute protest on the outskirts of Hanoi, Vietnam April 20, 2017. The banner reads 'The people of Dong Tam commune absolutely trust the policy and path of the Party and the State'. REUTERS/Staff
HANOI Authorities in Vietnam's capital promised on Thursday to review the use of land at the centre of a dispute with protesters who have held 20 officials hostage for five days, local media said.
VnExpress said the offer was made by Hanoi's People Committee Chairman Nguyen Duc Chung to the residents of the Dong Tam commune, but that they had so far spurned their offer of a meeting to try to end the standoff.
People in Dong Tam, 40 km (25 miles) from the centre of Hanoi, say they were given insufficient compensation by authorities taking over residential land for a telecommunications project.
The dispute escalated at the weekend when protesters seized 38 officials, including police officers, in retaliation for the arrest of residents over the protests.
Fifteen of the hostages were freed on Monday and three others escaped while authorities also released the detained protesters, but the standoff has continued.
Residents said they feared that if they accepted the invitation to the meeting on Thursday they would be arrested.
"We will continue to invite them to talk at the soonest, perhaps tomorrow or the day after," Chung was quoted as saying by VnExpress. They said the hostages were being well treated.
(editing by Ralph Boulton)
A Muslim girl was subjected to verbal hate crime on an active chat group when they started explaining the problems they faced in President Donald Trump's America.
Lamyaa was discussing politics on a chat group created by their friend; the subject of discussion was to do with the ordeals Muslims faced after President Donald Trump became the commander-in-chief. When the 17-year-old mentioned they were from Saudia Arabia and gave some strong views on the group chat, they were subjected to racism.
Lamyaa explained that they did not support Trump because they do not speak for Muslim Americans, Latinx, and people of color or women.
"He has insulted almost every group of people other than straight white christian (sic) males," Lamyaa texted. "How do you expect me to stand up for and respect a man that has done nothing but dehumanize everyone that doesn't look like him?"
It was at this point a bigoted man felt it was their right to humiliate the girl because they were a Muslim from Saudi Arabia living in America, so they tried to silence Lamyaa by declaring that their father would "beat them a**" if they decided to take their head scarf off.
"Stop defending Islam b**** shut up you couldn't take that scarf off or your dad would beat your a**," the text read.
Lamyaa, who has been subjected to such Islamophobia previously, like many Muslim women in Trump's America, felt the need to correct this person's misconception about Muslim women, so they texted their father— and their supportive response was everything.
“I was thinking I want to take my hijab off," they texted their father.
"If it's what you feel like you want to do, go ahead. I'll support you no matter what," they responded.
Lamyaa then shared their father's response on Twitter, in an attempt to clear all the misconceptions people commonly hold for hijab wearing women, thinking they are generally oppressed or forced to wear the hijab.
Since this is a mentality a lot of you seem to have pic.twitter.com/CQn5L8zibS — l a m y a a (@lxmyaa) April 15, 2017
The tweet has gone viral since, with overwhelmingly positive and supportive messages.
@lxmyaa Yes, everybody should be in tottal control of thier lives, & not be told what to wear or what not 2 wear! Whatever U Wanna Do , U Decide! — DavidAlexanderHagan (@DudeHagan8570) April 15, 2017
@lxmyaa I get what message you're trying to send, shame some people are too ignorant to realize this though. And your dad is so sweet! — Stargirl (@MabelleKreidy) April 15, 2017
also, for those of you scared of the text in arabic, it says "are you okay, my love?" so don't sweat it https://t.co/MRBfjF40to — sonia (@pneusonia) April 15, 2017
However everyone didn't agree with Lamyaa's version. One woman complained that they wish to take off the hijab but can't because they don't have the freedom to make that kind of decision. Others said that Lamyaa's father's response was an exception.
@lxmyaa So because you're not oppressed, therefore no one is oppressed...so the countless of girls (like myself) who do want to take it off, but — Fateemz (@athenaaaaaa777) April 15, 2017
This is sweet an but it ignores/ misrepresents the fact that there are so many places where no hijab = beating or murder. https://t.co/1UTqRRD6V3 — Sugabelly ?? (@sugabelly) April 16, 2017
Later, Lamyaa made it clear that their intention was not to deny that some women are in fact forced to wear the hijab, but there are many like them who chose to wear a headscarf out of their own will.
pic.twitter.com/cVrld0pFFZ — l a m y a a (@lxmyaa) April 15, 2017
The teenager said they were in contact with such women. "I tweeted some users to tell them that if there is anything I can do to help them that I am here, and that I am so sorry for what they face.”
They explained that there was hypocrisy in the way non-Muslim individuals — particularly, conservatives — in the U.S. claim to be concerned for women's rights after perceiving that all Muslims were misogynists.
SHANGHAI -
There's a Trump toilet, a Trump condom, a Trump pacemaker and even a Trump International Hotel among hundreds of trademarks in China that don't belong to Donald Trump. But after a decade of grinding battle in China's courts, the president is expected to get an unlikely win on Tuesday: the rights to their own name.
Trump's late victory in the fight to wrest back one sliver of their brand — the trademark for building construction services — could signal a shift in fortune for the U.S. president's intellectual property in China. At stake are 49 pending trademark applications — all made during their campaign — and 77 marks already registered in their name, most of which will come up for renewal during their term. The case also raises the possibility that the president could claw back control of more than 225 Trump-related marks in China that do not belong to him.
To some, it also illustrates how Trump's efforts to consolidate control over their brand could be used to extend or withhold favour, especially in a country like China where the courts and bureaucracy are influenced by the ruling Communist Party and by design reflect the leadership's political imperatives.
Trump's foreign trademarks have raised red flags with ethics lawyers across the political spectrum who say they present grave conflicts of interest and may violate the emoluments clause of the U.S. Constitution, which bars public servants from accepting anything of value from foreign governments unless explicitly approved by Congress.
“There can be no question that it is a terrible idea for Donald Trump to be accepting the registration of these valuable property rights from China while he's a sitting president of the United States,” said Norman Eisen, who served as chief White House ethics lawyer for President Barack Obama. “It's fair to conclude that this is an effort to influence Mr. Trump that is relatively inexpensive for the Chinese, potentially very valuable to him, but it could be very costly for the United States.”
Richard Painter, chief White House ethics lawyer under President George W. Bush, called the situation “highly improper.” Since foreign governments know Trump cares deeply about their family's business, Painter said, “they will give them what they want and they will expect stuff in return.”
Eisen and Painter are involved in a lawsuit alleging that Trump's foreign business ties violate the U.S. Constitution. Trump has dismissed the lawsuit as “totally without merit.”
Alan Garten, chief legal officer of The Trump Organization, said the Chinese trademarks were already in the works before the election, and the president has turned management of their company over to their children and a team of executives.
In an email, Garten wrote, “The only mark we were seeking was one in the related class of construction which someone was improperly squatting on.”
The precise value of the trademarks is a matter of debate, but Trump themselves thought their brands in China were worth enough to defend them, according to a 2011 letter they wrote then-Commerce Secretary Gary Locke about a trademark dispute in Macau, an autonomous region of China.
“I spent hundreds of thousands of dollars in legal fees to secure my own name and globally recognized brand from Chinese individuals who seek to trade off my reputation,” Trump wrote.
In May 2009, they dispatched a team with 300 pounds of evidence to prove that Donald Trump was, in fact, famous. It didn't work. Trump railed against the courts as “faithless, corrupt and tainted.”
“The Trump name resonates throughout the entire world,” Trump wrote. “According to their ignorant council of judges, it appears the only two places in the world I am not well known are China and Macao,” they added, using an alternative spelling.
That may be changing.
As president, Trump's elevated profile in China will likely make it easier to protect their brand, said Zhou Dandan, a lawyer with Unitalen Attorneys at Law in Beijing, which has worked for Trump since 2006. Trademark authorities will almost certainly reject new “Trump” applications from unrelated parties, they said, and may take back rights from existing “Trump” trademark holders.
That's what happened in the case nearing completion this week.
Trump applied for rights to the Trump mark for construction services on Dec. 7, 2006, but a man named Dong Wei had filed a similar application about two weeks earlier. China works on a first-come-first-served basis for trademarks, and the Trademark Office rejected Trump's application.
Trump appealed to the Trademark Review and Adjudication Board, then to the Beijing Intermediate People's Court, and finally to the Beijing High People's Court. They lost, lost and lost again.
Separately, they tried to invalidate Dong's trademark, but failed, and failed again on appeal, according to Matthew Dresden, a China intellectual property attorney at Harris Bricken in Seattle, who has studied the case.
The last time courts ruled against Trump in the construction-services case was May 2015, the month before they declared their candidacy.
Then Trump's lawyers simply went back to the Trademark Review and Adjudication Board, which had already rejected their case, and again asked them to invalidate Dong's trademark, Dresden said.
This time it worked. On Sept. 6, 2016, the Trademark Office published its invalidation of Dong's trademark for construction services. Dong could not be reached for comment.
That decision cleared the way for Trump's own claim to move ahead. Trump's mark was published in China's Trademark Gazette on Nov. 13, less than a week after they won the presidential election. Interested parties have three months to object. If no one does, the trademark will be registered to Trump on Tuesday.
Why is Trump winning in China's bureaucracy now, after years of failure? China's State Administration for Industry and Commerce and its foreign ministry did not reply to requests for comment.
Some lawyers point to a general hardening in China's stance on trademark squatting. In January, China's Supreme People's Court released a legal interpretation stipulating that names of “political, economic, cultural, religious, national and other public figures” should not be trademarked. That notice came after a December ruling returned the Chinese version of Michael Jordan's name from Qiaodan Sports Co. to the basketball star. In Mandarin, Qiaodan sounds like Jordan.
Others say politics almost certainly played a role. By 2016, the nature of the dispute had changed. Chinese authorities were now ruling on a case that pitted a guy from Liaoning province against a man running for president of the United States.
“It would be hard to imagine that the judges, the Trademark Office and/or the Trademark Review and Adjudication Board were acting without some kind of guidance,” said Dan Plane, a director at Simone IP Services, a Hong Kong intellectual property consultancy.
They added that the outcome of future cases could depend on Trump's relationship with Beijing.
“If there's a clear decision made by an angry Chinese government to stop giving broad protection to the Trump name in China, Trump's ability to defend or enforce their name could be quite limited,” Plane said.
Meanwhile, the makers of Trump-branded luxury toilets at Shenzhen Trump Industrial Co. face a potent new potential adversary. They say they will defend their brand, even if it means taking on the U.S. president.
Co-founder Zhong Jiye said their Trump toilet, which dates to 2002, has nothing to do with President Trump. The Chinese name brings together ideas of innovation and popularity, they explained. And in English, the “U” makes a nice toilet-seat shape logo.
Trump toilets for the home can do pregnancy tests, while models for public use have disposable seat covers for improved hygiene. The company says sales were up more than 50 per cent last year and an international expansion is in the works — perhaps under a different brand now that Trump is president.
People use Trump toilets some 100 million times a year, Zhong said.
Among them, they added, are customers at Zhongnanhai, the official residence of Chinese President Xi Jinping.
———
Associated Press researcher Fu Ting contributed from Shanghai.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Jack Dorsey, CEO of Square and CEO of Twitter, speaks during an interview November 19, 2015. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson/Files
SAN FRANCISCO Square Inc (SQ.N), the payments company led by Twitter Inc (TWTR.N) Chief Executive Jack Dorsey, has launched in the United Kingdom in its first European foray.
The San Francisco-based company said on Tuesday that small-and medium-sized businesses in the U.K. would be able to use Square's credit card reader to accept payments on mobile devices. The feature helps small merchants and self-employed professionals complete credit card transactions without a cash register or expensive software.
Square estimated that, while more shoppers were choosing plastic over cash, about half of the U.K.'s 5.4 million small businesses do not yet take card payments.
Reuters reported in July that Square had incorporated a business called Squareup Europe Ltd in Britain and the company had been testing its payment system in London.
Square last year added Paul Deighton to its board of directors, an effort to establish its footing in the U.K. Deighton is a member of the House of Lords and previously served as Britain's commercial secretary to the treasury.
Square, which went public in 2015, also operates in the Canada, Japan and Australia, as well as the United States.
While the company has largely focussed on growing in the United States, startups around the world have launched similar services. In Europe, it would be competing with well-established companies such as the U.K.'s SumUp, which is backed by Groupon Inc (GRPN.O), and Sweden's iZettle. The United States' PayPal Holdings (PYPL.O) has been in Britain for years.
As it exports its flagship payments globally, Square has also been expanding into new businesses, including financial software and business loans. The company's lending division, called Square Capital, analyzes data from its merchants payment flows and offers those that qualify short-term loans at a fixed rate.
Square is also looking to attract larger companies, which process more sales and could generate more revenue for Square. It processed $50 billion in payments last year.
Square's U.K. launch comes as Britain's burgeoning financial technology sector faces some uncertainty in light of the country's decision to leave the European Union.
(Reporting by Anna Irrera in New York and Heather Somerville in San Francisco; Editing by Leslie Adler)
MUMBAI, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The Reserve Bank of India is not in talks with the government currently to conduct open market purchases of government bonds, a source familiar with the central bank's thinking said, denying a media report that the central bank might consider such steps to boost the debt market.
Earlier on Friday, financial news provider Newsrise cited a senior finance ministry official as saying that the RBI might purchase bonds through open market operations and secondary market trading to support New Delhi's borrowing programme. (Reporting by Suvashree Dey Choudhury; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
BRIEF-Atos wins contract with GENCI
* CONTRACT AIMS TO DELIVER ONE OF MOST POWERFUL SUPERCOMPUTERS IN WORLD, PLANNED FOR END OF 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Liverpool 5 -2 Roma
(Salah 36', 45', Mane 56', Firmino 61', 69' - Dzeko 81, Perotti pen 85')
Anfield, Liverpool
Even for a team that overcame a three-goal deficit against Barcelona in the last round, this one looks to be a bridge too far.
Stunning individual displays from Mohamed Salah and Roberto Firmino, who bagged a brace and a pair of assists each, and a shambolic defensive effort from the visitors conspired to give the Premier League side a huge advantage going in to next Wednesday's second leg, despite a late Roma fightback.
The Italians began well, matching their English opponents in an open first quarter. Roma left-back Aleksandar Kolarov almost got their side the early away goal they craved on 18 minutes when their fierce shot slipped through Loris Karius' hands. Fortunately for the German keeper, the ball cannoned off the bar.
That effort, and an injury to midfielder Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, seemed to serve as a wake-up call to Jürgen Klopp's men, who upped the tempo soon after. Sadio Mane had two golden opportunites within a minute just before the half-hour mark but blazed both over before Salah, who joined Liverpool from Roma last year, tested Alisson from the right-hand edge of the box.
Roberto Firmino celebrates their second and Liverpool's fifth
While the Brazilian stopper was equal to that shot, they could do nothing six minutes later as the prolific Egyptian dipped a left-footed effort in off the bar to open the scoring. It was their 10th European goal of the season and 42nd overall.
The newly-crowned PFA Player of the Year didn't have to wait long for number 43, collecting a well-timed pass from Roberto Firmino before dinking it over Alisson to give Liverpool the cushion their superiority merited at the break.
If Mane's first-half misses were weighing on their mind, it didn't show when they got their first chance of the second period. As they had been several times throughout the match, Roma's wingbacks were caught too high up the pitch by a long ball, this time from Liverpool full-back Trent Alexander-Arnold. Salah was in again but spotted Mane in a better position. The Senegalese forward kept their head down this time and tucked away at the far post.
The Italian side, and Kolarov in particular, failed to learn from their mistakes. The Serbian defender tried to win a ball high up the pitch isolating Juan Jesus against Salah. As befitting a man in their form, the Liverpool star breezed past their opponent and threaded through to Firmino, who tapped home.
Jürgen Klopp substituted Mohamed Salah late on
The Brazilian doubled their tally eight minutes later thanks to more catastrophic Romas defending. Firmino rose unchallenged to nod home from a corner and make it five.
Liverpool's superiority was so great that Klopp felt able to take Salah off with 15 minutes remaining, offering them both a rest and the adulation of the crowd. But the German boss cut a frustrated figure five minutes later than Edin Dzeko took advantage of Dejan Lovren's missed header to beat Karius at their front post.
If one away strike looked like scant consolation, then a penalty soon after provided hope of a second successive unlikely comeback in the competition. James Milner was adjudged to have handled Radja Nainggolan's shot and Diego Perotti tucked away the spot kick.
While the late blows make the return leg a little more awkward for Klopp and their charges, a three goal lead is still formidable, even given Roma's recent history. With Liverpool's often-irresistible attacking threat Klopp may allow themselves to dream of a first Champions League final since their loss with Dortmund in 2013.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Sex trafficking victims' advocates say Minneapolis is not likely to see a major spike in sex trafficking during the Super Bowl based on numbers from prior ones, but that doesn't mean organizations are taking time off.
Combating sex trafficking rightfully remains a key focus of law enforcement during the “big game.” The Harris County Sheriff's Office in Houston made 178 arrests during a nationwide prostitution sting from Jan. 18 through Super Bowl Sunday this year, according to the Houston Chronicle.
Breaking Free in St. Paul is a survivor-lead organization helping victims of sex trafficking and forced prostitution, assisting up to 500 different women and their families every year. They're getting in on the huge event to spread the word about services and alternatives.
“We help folks get their identification and get help navigate them back to life,” executive director Terry Forliti said. “Or, not even back to normalcy — because they might not have even had normalcy ever in their life — but it's to give them, to expose them, to provide them with the opportunity so that they can go forward in a safe, healthy environment.”
Breaking the cycle of exploitation and manipulation is difficult — something Forliti knows firsthand.
“Getting out of the life is really hard when you don't have ID, you are bonded by trauma with your perpetrator, which is a Stockholm Syndrome, the power and control tactics they use in the mechanics of sex trafficking,” they said from Breaking Free's office on West University Avenue. “The initiation, the recruitment and then the enslavement keep us in the life.”
Breaking Free connects victims to housing, resources to start a new life, and a network of people who know the kind of trauma they experienced personally. In January, they'll start training staff in the medical, transportation and hospitality industries on warning signs to look out for. Breaking Free is calling for volunteers and donations to bolster the outreach efforts, which are also being assisted by Street Works and YouthLink.
“We're developing a plan that includes more emergency shelter beds, increased street outreach, and then we're also going to be doing some collaboration with law enforcement,” they said. Right now Breaking Free is providing housing to around 40 families.
Forliti says the opening of the hunting season or any other major sporting event is just as likely to net arrests, despite the Super Bowl's reputation as the largest human trafficking event. Experts say that since there isn't reliable data for other days of the year or other events versus the Super Bowl, it's hard to say there's a concrete increase. However, the work to combat it in front of a large audience in Minneapolis come February is beneficial, advocates say. They're hopeful spreading awareness about the pervasiveness of sex trafficking and getting the word out about alternatives will make a difference.
Recent discussions about Israel and the Palestinians often lack critical information and provide a one-sided view that fails to give the reader a proper view of the conflict.
The stress of Palestinian authors that they support peace is far from reality. From 1936- 1939, the Arab uprising killed over 400 Jewish civilians. The First Intifada (1987-1993) killed 100 Israeli citizens and wounded 1,400 Israeli civilians. The Second Intifada, (2000- 2005) with Palestinian suicide bombings, killed 1,100 Israeli civilians.
From 1948 to 1997 alone, Arab soldiers and Palestinian fighters killed over 20,000 Israeli soldiers, wounded another 75,000 and disabled almost 100,000 of them.In the last two decades the Palestinians have turned down several Israeli offers to give them over 90% of the disputed territory. Hamas in Gaza continues to send suicide bombers towards Israel and calls for destruction of Israel. In the 2017 words of the Hamas Charter, Hamas “rejects any alternative to the full and complete liberation of Palestine from Jerusalem to the Mediterranean Sea.” From 2006 to 2018 Hamas has launched more than 11,200 rockets and mortars at Israel.Religion is not as significant as the pro-BDS writers believe. The considerable majority of Israelis are not religious.Furthermore, Israelis live peaceably with 1.7 million Arabs within its borders. A recent poll of Israeli Arabs shows that Israel has actually treated its 1.7 million Israeli Arabs quite well, so much so, that over 60% of them said that Israel is the best country which to live in the Middle East.The Palestinian observers claim that the situation is complicated by the fact that many Palestinians have been expelled, robbed, imprisoned or occupied. However, nothing but the complete and utter annihilation of Israel will satisfy many Palestinians.Gaza is in the hands of the radical Hamas.The West Bank, on the other hand, is calmer due to the willingness of the Palestinian Authority to work with Israeli security forces every night to maintain order in the area.The Israelis have voluntarily withdrawn from the Sinai (1982), Lebanon (2000) and Gaza (2005).There are key variables that BDS supporters downplay. They ignore the fact that Israel is one of only two of over 100 new nations (the other being India) to be a democratic country from its beginning (in 1948) to today. The Palestinian authors mention nothing about the fact that the Arabs have over 10% of the deputies in the Israeli Knesset. There is almost nothing about Israel's respect for the rule of law which has sent a President and Prime Minister to jail. By contrast, the Palestinians have never developed a democratic regime.Nowhere is there any mention that Israel has a powerful capitalist economy which has skyrocketed from less than $3,000 GDP/ capita in 1948 to over $39,000 (the level of Japan) today. Israel exports over $100 billion a year. Nor is there any mention that Israel has a top-5 high tech industry which is the envy of the world.ISRAEL'S HISTORY is largely ignored by BDS enthusiasts. Yet, Jewish Kings Solomon and David ruled the land 3,000 years ago and a Jewish state ruled the region for almost 1,000 years (save for a 50 years interim after 586 BCE) until the year 70 saw its final destruction.A recent study showed that today there should be 100 million Jews in the world, but instead there are only 14 million Jews on earth. This is due to many factors: the Holocaust that killed six million Jews, European pogroms, forced conversions, frequent expulsion from European countries and recurrent punishment by the ruling classes.Nor do BDS supporters mention Sephardi Jews who lived as second class citizens in the Middle East for hundreds of years until the creation of the State of Israel.After 1948 and especially in the 1950s, 70% of them chose to move to Israel – often as a result of government repression. Nor do they cite modern polls, such as the latest one that showed 74% of Americans favor Israel and only 23% favor the Palestinian cause.Furthermore, the 1947 UN resolution creating two states, one Israeli and one Arab, was accepted by Israel and rejected by the Arabs who sent five armies to attempt the annihilation of the new Jewish state. In 1948, the Secretary General of the Arab League, Azzam Pasha, declared that, “This will be a war of extermination and a momentous massacre which will be spoken of like Mongolian Massacres.”Just before the 1967 War, Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser said, “This is our chance, Arabs, to deal Israel a mortal blow of annihilation, to blot out its entire presence in our holy land.”In short, there is much that is missing in depictions of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and much that needs to be added for a fair understanding of what is going on. Only then can we truly understand this conflict.The author is a full professor at the Josef Korbel School of International Studies at the University of Denver.
/ Front page / News
FIJI'S Health and Medical Services Minister Rosy Akbar says they have not received any concerns from doctors regarding their working hours.
In Fiji, public doctors on duty work more than 32 hours continuously.
"This practice has been ongoing," Ms Akbar said.
"I believe that when they work those long hours they also get their days off too and we have not had any issues with that."
Ms Akbar also said the doctor to patient ratio stood at 1:1400.
Meanwhile, Fiji College of General Practitioners president Dr John Fatiaki said doctors were expected to work normal 40 hours a week.
"In addition to that because there are obviously shortage of doctors, many doctors are required to do what we call after hours or on call in the hospitals and mini health centres.
"Even though you're on call you may just have to work continuous and that is where you get your 32-hour shifts," they said.
"This has been a problem that has been there for a long time and it is not an ideal situation.
"Obviously sometimes those long working hours may affect the doctor's performance, unfortunately it is a reality of life," they said.
Dr Fatiaki also said improvements had been made over the years regarding the doctors, but there was still room for more improvements.
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
Floyd Mayweather's August 26 bout with Conor McGregor will be "the biggest fight ever", according to UFC president Dana White.
Former multi-weight world champion Mayweather confirmed a deal has been agreed for a boxing match against mixed martial arts champion McGregor in Las Vegas on August 26.
Mayweather will reportedly be paid over 100 million US dollars for the contest, which will be broadcast on pay-per-view networks across the world.
And White, in whose organisation Irishman McGregor has become a world champion, told Fox Sports: "It's definitely the biggest fight ever in combat sports history, and probably going to be the biggest payday ever.
"Let's just put it this way - all sides involved are pretty happy with their deals!"
The 40-year-old Mayweather announced their retirement after winning their 49th straight bout against Andre Berto, also in Las Vegas in September 2015.
Three months later McGregor won the UFC featherweight title. After splitting two high-profile bouts with Nate Diaz, they then knocked out Eddie Alvarez to add the organisation's lightweight title in December last year.
The fight was first mooted in a series of exchanges on social media, in which McGregor urged Mayweather to step up and sign.
Given McGregor's non-existent boxing experience and Mayweather's reputation as one of the finest fighters in history, many observers are already predicting a mis-match but White told ESPN: "(McGregor) is absolutely 100 per cent positive that they win this fight, and I stopped doubting Conor McGregor a long time ago.
"Floyd Mayweather is 40 years old, he's always had problems with southpaws. Conor McGregor is 27 and they are a southpaw. Whenever Conor hits people, they fall.
"I'm not saying Conor McGregor's going to win. I'm not saying Floyd Mayweather's going to win. But the reason Conor McGregor's as big as they are is he'll fight anybody, anywhere, anytime. They will go after Floyd Mayweather and they will try to knock them out."
White said the fight would be at 154lbs - light middleweight - telling Fox: "It's going to be 12 rounds, they're going to wear 10oz gloves, 154lbs, a boxing ring, Mayweather Promotions will build the undercard - it's going to be a boxing event."
White told reporters in a conference call that there is no language in the contract concerning a rematch.
Mayweather will not be the first boxing champion to take on challenges from opponents steeped in other combat sports.
Muhammad Ali fought a 15-round draw against Japanese professional wrestler Antonio Inoki in Tokyo in 1976, in which each man was allowed to use their own respective talent.
Fitch: Growth and Profitability under Pressure for U.S. Captive Finance Cos.
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) Link to Fitch Ratings' Report: U.S. Captive Finance Companies: 2016 Review (Leverage Remains Elevated as Asset Quality Weakens) https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/899435 NEW YORK, June 14 (Fitch) Captive finance companies are likely to face continued pressure on profitability due to rising credit losses, declining residual values and higher funding costs, according to a review of U.S. Captive Finance Companies from Fitch Ratings. In a
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Top Choice Medical Investment Co Inc :
* SAYS BOARD ELECTS LU JIANMING AS CHAIRMAN Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2DVYagv Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
PARIS, April 5 France's hardline CGT trade union has called on workers' representatives on the board of state-controlled utility EDF to reject the shutdown of the Fessenheim nuclear plant, expected to be tabled during a meeting on Thursday.
The union has also urged its members to picket the headquarters of the company during the meeting to keep pressure on the board members.
EDF has scheduled a board meeting for April 6 to decide on stopping Fessenheim, France's oldest nuclear plant. The closure of the 1,800 megawatts plant was an election promise of outgoing French President Francois Hollande in 2012.
The CGT, which is against the closure because it says it would result in job losses, said shutting down Fessenheim would be an economic and industrial waste.
"The Fessenheim plant is safe, and it is recognized as such by the Nuclear Safety Authority," the CGT said in a statement, adding that the plant contributes to French energy security.
France, a major electricity exporter in Europe, depends on its 58 nuclear reactors for more than 75 percent of its electricity supply.
The outcome of the 18-member board meeting on Thursday is uncertain because only 12 members, including the 6 union representatives, will vote while state representatives would have to abstain to avoid any conflict of interest.
EDF and the government have reached a 490 million euros ($523 million) compensation agreement covering costs associated with the closure.
The company also received some guarantees that could allow it to shut down the reactor by end-2018, when it starts production at its new generation EPR reactor under construction in Flamanville in northern France.
($1 = 0.9372 euros) (Reporting by Bate Felix and Benjamin Mallet; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta)
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended.
March 30 Mitani Sangyo Co Ltd:
* Says it will acquire 50 percent stake of Fujitsu Computer Products of Vietnam Inc, a wholly owned unit of Fujitsu Ltd , for $15 million in all
* Effective date in late May
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/5PgKLy
Further company coverage:
(Beijing Headline News)
The witty 94-year-old will share their life story in a short video and live interview on Oct. 6
Louis Zamperini, the subject of the bestseller Unbroken by Laura Hillenbrand, will speak at Providence Hall‘s annual fundraising dinner, “Fall Forum: Engaging Ideas of Consequence,” on Oct. 6 at Fess Parker's DoubleTree Resort.
A spry, witty 94-year-old, Zamperini will share their life story in a short video and an extensive, live interview with Steve Ainsley, publisher of Miller-McCune Magazine, former publisher of the Boston Globe and before that, of the Santa Barbara News-Press. Zamperini is one of Ainsley's personal heroes.
Growing up in Torrance, the young Zamperini was the fastest high school miler in the world as a senior and held the U.S. high school record for 20 years. In addition, as a USC student, they held the U.S. collegiate mile record for 15 years.
Living one of history's most interesting coincidences, Zamperini roomed with Jesse Owens during the Berlin Olympics of 1936, where they competed in the 5,000-meter run. While they did not win any medals at the Olympic Games, they ran an incredible last leg of the race and had an unforgettable meeting with Adolf Hitler.
Serving in the Army Air Forces during World War II, Zamperini survived a plane crash, 47 days adrift on the Pacific Ocean in a life raft surrounded by sharks, and years of imprisonment and torture in Japanese POW camps. Their story of courage, resilience, redemption and forgiveness is both incredible and inspiring.
Proceeds from the Fall Forum dinner and speaker event provide scholarships for students to attend Providence Hall, a Christian college preparatory school serving grades 7 to 12, founded in 2007 in Santa Barbara.
For more information or to purchase tickets, click here or call the Providence Hall office at 805.962.4400.
— Elaine Rottman is the director of advancement for Providence Hall.
RIO DE JANEIRO Odebrecht SA [ODBES.UL], the Brazilian engineering company at the centre of a historic corruption scandal, paid out a total of about $3.3 billion in bribes in the nine years through 2014, according to testimony cited by local media on Saturday.
Through a department specifically established to pay politicians and other recipients for public works contracts, Odebrecht paid as much as $730 million annually in both 2012 and 2013, the years when bribe payments peaked, according to a spreadsheet that a former executive reportedly gave investigators as part of a plea deal.
The $3.3 billion figure, and related annual tallies as laid out in the spreadsheet, were reported on Saturday by the G1 news site of the Globo media group and the Estado de S. Paulo, a leading newspaper.
Officials at Odebrecht could not immediately be reached for comment.
A trove of plea deal testimony unsealed this week by a Supreme Court justice is shedding light on the extent and manner in which Odebrecht, once Latin America's most successful engineering firm, routinely paid officials in Brazil and other countries in exchange for winning contracts.
The testimony was unsealed as the justice, Edson Fachin, authorized investigations of eight government ministers, 12 governors and dozens of federal lawmakers implicated in the scandal, uncovered three years ago because of a kickback investigation at the state-run oil company Petroleo Brasileiro SA, or Petrobras (PETR4.SA).
Odebrecht, whose former chief executive has been jailed since 2015 because of the probe, negotiated a far-reaching plea agreement with Brazilian investigators last year, leading to testimony by about 80 company executives and employees.
Along with an affiliate, Odebrecht also agreed last year to pay at least $3.5 billion to U.S. and Swiss investigators for international charges related to the scandal.
Earlier on Saturday, Estado de S. Paulo also reported that Brazilian authorities were investigating if any of the foreign kickbacks the company has already admitted to violated Brazilian law. The company made those payments in countries including Mexico, Ecuador, Peru and Angola.
(Reporting by Paulo Prada; Editing by Sandra Maler)
May 2 China Everbright Bank Co Ltd
* Says it aims to raise up to 31 billion yuan ($4.50 billion) via H-share issue to China Everbright Group, Overseas Chinese Town
Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2pATfa9
Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.8944 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
April 13 Tapstone Energy Inc
* Tapstone Energy Inc files for IPO of up to $100 million of common stock - sec filing
* Tapstone Energy Inc - applied to list common stock on new york stock exchange under symbol “TE”
* Tapstone Energy Inc says BofA Merrill lynch and citigroup are underwriters to IPO
* Tapstone Energy Inc - proposed IPO price is an estimate solely for purpose of calculating sec registration fee Source text : bit.ly/2o9RRJp
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
Beacon Publishing Group has just released "Enthralled" written by author D. Ryan Gish and narrated by Alan Lipman. Download your copy today!
"Enthralled" Written By D. Ryan Gish
Contact
Beacon Publishing Group
info@beaconpublishinggroup.com Beacon Publishing Group
End
-- Beacon Publishing Group has just released "Enthralled"written by author D. Ryan Gish and narrated by Alan Lipman. Download your copy today!With a fresh spin on zombies, this postapocalyptic world will leave you craving more.Like all things in Shane McCall's life, a trip to the grocery store for a gallon of milk should be simple. No decisions required. Especially not the kind he's forced to make when an old woman attempts to steal their three-year-old son. And after returning their children home safely, nothing would have pleased Shane more than to forget the incident ever happened. That was several hours ago.Before the strange man bit a chunk out of Shane's arm.Before the cryptic word showed up on their mute son's bedroom wall.Before the screaming began.Now Shane and their family are on a race to leave civilization before doomsday takes over and they become the walking dead they're desperately evading. But others are hunting them, too. Gangs form, and outlaws prey on the weak with no society to keep them in check as Shane leads their family through them to the wild frontier. Yet even in the quiet dark of their new home, they aren't safe, as a new magic in the form of a sorceress harbinger bears news of impending doom and extinction. A darkness is coming, a dark force that wants Shane's children and doesn't care if anyone else survives.Download your copy of "Enthralled"written by D. Ryan Gish and narrated by Alan Lipman in audiobook format on Audible here:The official website for Beacon Publishing Group may be found at www.beaconpublishinggroup.comFollow Beacon Publishing Group on Twitter @BeaconPubGroupFor more information on upcoming releases or services offered contact info@beaconpublishinggroup.com
Britain's Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson leaves at the end of a bilateral meeting during a G7 for foreign ministers in Lucca, Italy April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Max Rossi
LUCCA, Italy Britain will discuss the possibility of further sanctions against senior Syrian and Russian military figures at a meeting of G7 foreign ministers in Italy, Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said on Monday.
"We will be discussing the possibility of further sanctions certainly on some of the Syrian military figures and indeed on some of the Russian military figures who have been involved in coordinating the Syrian military efforts," they said in a television clip shown on Britain's Sky News.
(Reporting by William James and Kylie MacLellan in LONDON, editing by Alistair Smout)
WASHINGTON May 3 The U.S. House of Representatives on Wednesday was poised to pass a $1.2 trillion spending bill to fund the government through September and avoid a shutdown of many federal agencies on Saturday when existing money is depleted.
Republicans who control the House, as well as minority Democrats, expressed confidence that the measure would clear the House even though some conservatives were balking at the cost and some of the policies included.
For example, the measure bulks up federal funding for border security but does not pay for starting construction on a U.S.-Mexico border wall that Republican President Donald Trump promised would be built to keep out illegal immigrants and drugs.
Trump had said that they would make Mexico pay for the wall, but the Mexican government refused, making it necessary for the new administration to ask Congress for the money.
Democrats and many Republicans have argued that a wall is an ineffective and wasteful way of securing the southern border.
Another battle over the barrier is expected when Congress tries to pass a spending bill for the fiscal year starting Oct. 1.
If the House approves this fiscal 2017 measure, it then goes to the Senate for a vote on passage, likely on Thursday or Friday.
"I look forward to the House passing the bill today so that we can take it up and send it to President Trump for their signature soon," Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Republican, said in a floor speech.
The legislation would add $12.5 billion in spending this fiscal year for the Pentagon, with another $2.5 billion available after Trump gives details on their plans for defeating the Islamic State militant group.
It ignores many of the spending cuts on domestic programs that the White House had sought and adds $2 billion for the National Institutes of Health, $295 million for Puerto Rico's underfunded Medicaid healthcare for the poor and $407 million to fight fires in Western states.
But the legislation is late in coming. The fiscal year began last Oct. 1 and for the last seven months federal agencies have been operating mainly on simple extensions of the previous year's funding and the priorities that came with that. (Reporting by Richard Cowan; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
TORONTO May 2 Canada's main stock index see-sawed in early trade on Tuesday as financial stocks weighed, offsetting rises for several stocks whose earnings report produced positive surprises, including energy company Encana Corp and e-commerce company Shopify.
The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index was up 16.1 points, or 0.1 percent, at 15,991.73 shortly after the open. (Reporting by Alastair Sharp; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
April 2 Arsene Wenger lives to fight another day after Arsenal twice battled back to draw 2-2 with Manchester City on Sunday but, despite their praise for the club's fans, their side are in danger of missing out on the top four for the first time since 1996.
Against a background of supporter discontent over the form of Wenger's team as the Frenchman decides their future, with a protest outside the ground before kick-off urging the manager to leave their post, Arsenal were nervy from the start.
When they fell behind to Leroy Sané's fifth-minute opener, the hosts appeared destined to collapse in a fashion that has become all-to-familiar under Wenger, whose charges have won one of nine matches against their top seven rivals this season.
However, Arsenal rallied - demonstrating a mental strength that has been absent in recent weeks - - and silenced some of the dissenters with a gutsy fightback.
"Despite all that's happened on the fans front, I felt our fans were fantastic today," Wenger told reporters. "In very difficult moments in the game, I felt our fans, at 1-0 down , 2-1 down just before halftime, could have turned against us.
"I felt they were absolutely sensational and helped the team today get through that difficult moment."
Regardless of Arsenal's comeback, Wenger's future appears as precarious as ever, with CEO Ivan Gazidis telling fans at a scheduled meeting before the match that the club's recent underwhelming form could be a "catalyst for change".
"I'm not aware of what's happening outside," Wenger added. "What's important in football is what happens on the pitch and inside the stadium, and I feel the fans were absolutely outstanding today."
The Frenchman may yet decide to stay at The Emirates, although there is an increasing sense of finality about their tenure and Wenger's proud record of 20 consecutive top-four finishes seems in jeopardy.
Arsenal is sixth on 51 points, with 10 games to play, two behind Manchester United in fifth and seven adrift of Manchester City, who occupy the fourth and final Champions League qualifying position and have played a game more.
Some fan discontent may have been quelled by Arsenal's recovery on Sunday but unless Wenger can oversee an upturn in form, their proud top-four record, and reign in north London, are set to be undermined by their side's continued underachievement. (Editing by Ken Ferris)
OPINION
IN light of what happened between the Australian and Philippines basketball teams in Manila this week, it may seem trivial to criticise behaviour that didn't result in punches, kicks or even chairs being thrown.
But the fact those sickening scenes played out in a World Cup qualifier only highlights how important it is for football to address its most damning black eye - before we see the sort of violence the Boomers were confronted with in what is supposed to be the beautiful game.
Diving and the VAR have both been slammed in Russia - and rightly so - and while all the talk after the Round of 16 clashes this morning was about England banishing its demons by winning its first ever World Cup penalty shootout, something far more sinister also caught the eye.
Eight minutes into the second half the referee blew a penalty for England, ruling captain Harry Kane had been tackled, rugby style, to the turf while they waited for an incoming corner. England has complained about Kane being held off the ball from set pieces throughout the tournament and the whistleblower was on the lookout for anything untoward, pinging Carlos Sanchez and pointing to the spot.
What happened next was an example of the disgusting disrespect that for too long has been accepted in the football world - but needs to be stamped out.
The referee had no hesitation in showing Sanchez a yellow card. The 32-year-old followed the referee, begging them to change their mind - and they aren't the only one. Their teammates joined in, crowding the man in charge, getting in their face and trying to pressure them into reversing the decision.
Completely uncalled for.
Captain Radamel Falcao was there and even goalkeeper David Ospina rushed off their line to join the party. Within seconds of blowing the foul the referee was set upon by half-a-dozen players in yellow shirts.
They raised both their arms and told them to clear off, but do you think they listened? No, they continued to argue, because for some reason, jumping on the back of an opponent and pushing them to the ground when the ball is 40 metres away is an innocent act.
Falcao led the charge when Sanchez lost their voice. A handful of players refused to budge, putting their faces within inches of the referee's and again, more hand gestures were required to send them on their way. At one stage eight Colombians can be seen hounding the official all at once.
Falcao went silent so Sanchez continued to plead their case. They even had the gall to go up to Kane - with the ball tucked under their arm trying to get to the penalty spot - and shrug their shoulders, asking the England skipper what they thought they were doing.
Now, the referee wasn't the only target. England's players can't escape blame as they joined the fray when they shouldn't have. John Stones and Jordan Henderson were in the thick of it as tempers threatened to explode.
The needless confrontation saw Henderson yellow carded, which finally seemed to end the square-off.
Remarkably, the time between the penalty being called and Kane actually being able to convert their spot kick was an astonishing three-and-a-half minutes. It should have been less than 60 seconds.
No referee should have to deal with this.
The incident sparked an ugly trend that saw the match turn into a tinderbox. A spate of fouls followed and yellow cards were raised at will as both sides teetered on the edge. Former Socceroo Ned Zelic tweeted: "This game is out of control. A mess."
Former England international Chris Waddle - even accounting for their bias - wasn't far off with their post-game assessment.
"I'm glad Colombia are out because they are a disgrace to the game and this is the biggest show in the world. You don't want to see teams like that prosper," Waddle told the BBC.
"I hope Colombia gets a massive fine for the cards and the way they surrounded the referee. It was a difficult game for the American referee and I think they were scared to make decisions.
"Colombia were supposed to be here to play football but I would've been gutted to see them go through."
England wasn't blameless and this is far from the only time a team has tried to intimidate a referee - it's just the most recent example of a disturbing reality that has become synonymous with the sport.
Football - at all age groups and levels - has a culture that accepts and breeds dissent. Speaking from first-hand experience where I've played in or watched junior games that have required security and seen parents and coaches sent from the field, it's no wonder the shameful behaviour has become embedded in a sport that should be above all this.
After all, a fish rots from the head, and when the game's elite players think they have the right to demean those responsible for implementing the rules, that attitude filters down.
Did Colombia seriously think yelling at the referee would make them see things differently? Did Danish goalkeeper Kasper Schmeichel think running up to the official's face and telling them they were wrong would make them reverse the most obvious penalty decision of the entire tournament against Croatia on Tuesday morning?
Yellow cards need to be automatic whenever a player gets in the face of a referee and there should be a 10m protected zone around officials whenever a call is made - a zone only the captain should be allowed to enter.
The behaviour we saw this morning is arrogant, disrespectful and a blight on the game. It needs to stop.
NEW YORK, April 6 Traders in the equity options market are betting the U.S. energy sector is ripe for a bounce with one gauge of sentiment, options on the largest energy sector tracking fund, dipping to its least bearish position in six months.
Recent trading in the options on the Energy Select Sector SPDR Fund and individual energy company options, including Devon Energy Corp and Halliburton Co, highlights changing sentiment toward more investor optimism.
"It looks like this week traders have started to position for upside in the energy sector," said David Russell, senior manager at online broker E*Trade Financial Corp in Chicago.
Buoyant oil prices since President Donald Trump's election have not provided a boost for energy stocks as the sector's profit rebound has lacked vigor. The S&P energy index is down about 6.4 percent this year, making it the worst-performing sector among S&P's tracking indexes. The broad benchmark S&P 500 stock index, in contrast, is up 5.3 percent for the year.
However, the recent climb in crude oil prices and upbeat expectations for the upcoming earnings season may be leading options traders to grow more bullish on the sector, analysts said.
Through Wednesday, open put options on the Energy Select Sector fund outnumbered call options by a 1.34-to-1 margin, the lowest in six months, according to New York-based options analytics firm Trade Alert. In December, this measure of options market sentiment had soared to a bearish 2.57-to-1 margin, a 26-month high.
Put options convey the right to sell shares at a fixed price in the future and are often used to protect against market declines. Calls, which convey the right to buy shares in the future, are usually used for bullish bets.
Traders have also taken a liking to near-dated bullish options on Devon Energy, Halliburton and Schlumberger, said Fred Ruffy, analyst at Trade Alert.
Wall Street analysts expect a big rebound in energy earnings from a year ago, when S&P 500 energy companies had a loss because of a sharp selloff in oil prices, according to Thomson Reuters data. (Reporting by Saqib Iqbal Ahmed; Additional reporting by Caroline Valetkevitch; Editing by Daniel Bases and Tom Brown)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The NFL draft is days away and it is still uncertain what the Arizona Cardinals will do in the first round. Because of a recent mock draft by Peter King in which the Arizona Cardinals trade all the way from No. 15 overall to No. 5 to draft quarterback Baker Mayfield, the discussion around the team has been about whether or not they will pull the trigger on a big trade.
There apparently is good reason for the chatter, according to NFL Network's Ian Rapoport.
.@RapSheet: "The Arizona Cardinals may be the team to watch at this point. They certainly seem like they're making the most phone calls about possibly moving up for a quarterback … it's safe to assume that 5 or 6 could be potential slots to trade for a quarterback." — Shane Dale (@ShaneDaleABC15) April 24, 2018
True. Cardinals making a lot of noise about moving up. Could mean they move up. … But they are definitely doing due diligence. https://t.co/aI6I8d3kDs — Ian Rapoport (@RapSheet) April 24, 2018
What does this mean exactly? It doesn't mean they are trying to move up to No. 5. They very well could be checking the cost of moving up just a few picks should a player they covet be available there.
The cost of moving up high enough to land someone like Baker Mayfield or Josh Allen is likely astronomical, and that is only if the teams at the top of the draft don't want him.
Thursday will reveal all. For Cardinals fans, it might be the most exciting draft in quite some time.
Listen to the latest from Cards Wire's Jess Root on the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on Apple podcasts or Stitcher Radio.
Architect claims NY's One World Trade Center stole their design
NEW YORK, June 14 A Korean-born architect on Wednesday sued a major architecture firm over the design of Manhattan's One World Trade Center, claiming that the building bears a "striking similarity" to a tower they designed in 1999 while in graduate school.
April 20 Southeast Asian stock markets trod with caution on Thursday in the absence of economic cues while uncertainties around the upcoming French elections muted global risk appetite. The sense of caution was exacerbated by weakness on Wall Street and overnight decline in commodity prices, especially oil. The French presidential elections will be closely watched as the stakes for investors are high, with two anti-EU, anti-euro candidates among the four seen still in contention to make it to a second round two weeks after Sunday's ballot. Singapore shares rose 0.4 percent, helped by industrials and consumer stocks, with Jardine Matheson Holdings gaining 2.3 percent. Keppel Corp fell 1.4 percent, while Sembcorp Industries reversed earlier losses to add 0.3 percent. Indonesian shares, which see-sawed earlier in the session, closed down 0.2 percent. The market was closed on Wednesday for gubernatorial elections in Jakarta. Polls showed that incumbent Governor Basuki "Ahok" Tjahaja Purnama, seen by some analysts as foreign investor-friendly, had lost their bid for re-election by a big margin. Philippine shares shares finished 0.5 percent higher than consumer and energy stocks powered through, with food packaging firm San Miguel Corp rising 2.8 percent. Vietnam shares moved within a tight range and finished down 0.6 percent, while Thailand posted a slight decline. For Asian Companies click; SOUTHEAST ASIAN STOCK MARKETS Change on day Market Current Previous Close Pct Move Singapore 3137.88 3126.28 0.37 Bangkok 1566.28 1567.19 -0.06 Manila 7563.45 7522.98 0.54 Jakarta 5595.306 5606.517 -0.20 Kuala Lumpur 1741.61 1738.95 0.15 Ho Chi Minh 712.66 716.77 -0.57 Change on year Market Current End 2016 Pct Move Singapore 3137.88 2880.76 8.93 Bangkok 1566.28 1542.94 1.51 Manila 7563.45 6840.64 10.60 Jakarta 5595.306 5296.711 5.64 Kuala Lumpur 1741.61 1641.73 6.08 Ho Chi Minh 712.66 664.87 7.20 (Reporting by Rushil Dutta; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
DHAKA A Bangladesh club cricketer peppered the field with no balls and wides to concede 92 runs in four legal deliveries in an extraordinary protest against poor umpiring in the Dhaka Second Division Cricket League, local media reported on Wednesday.
Lalmatia Club's Sujon Mahmud bowled 15 no balls to go with 13 wides that also raced to the boundary in their side's match against Axiom Cricketers.
Their four legal deliveries went for 12 runs as Axiom won by 10 wickets.
Lalmatia had been dismissed for 88 after being put into bat with the team unimpressed at several umpiring decisions that went against them in the match on Tuesday.
"It started at the toss," Lalmatia general secretary Adnan Rahman Dipon told the Dhaka Tribune.
"My captain was not allowed to see the coin and we were sent to bat first and ... the umpires' decisions went against us."
The tournament has been plagued by umpiring controversy and Fear Fighters Sporting Club's Tasnim Hasan did something similar on Monday, conceding 69 runs in seven legitimate deliveries to protest against the umpiring.
(Reporting by Amlan Chakraborty in New Delhi; editing by Greg Stutchbury)
Former Australian Prime Minister Bob Hawke listens to a speaker during a session at the World Leaders Forum for commemorating the 60th anniversary of South Korea at a hotel in Seoul October 30, 2008. REUTERS/Jo Yong-Hak
MELBOURNE Former Australian prime minister and legendary beer drinker Bob Hawke may become a legendary beer maker after they launched their own craft lager on Thursday.
They served up a schooner of "Hawke's Lager" at a Sydney pub, saying, "how's that for a pour?" to a round of applause.
Hawke's Brewing Co's lager will be served on tap at 11 pubs across Sydney and the northern city of Newcastle from Thursday while cans bearing their likeness will be released on ANZAC Day on April 25.
Australia's third-longest serving prime minister, Hawke, 87, broke a world record for downing a yard of beer in the fastest-ever time during their time at Oxford University in the 1950s.
Hawke said they any profit owed to them would go to environmental charity Landcare.
"I set up Landcare when I was prime minister and it was great work and I thought it was an appropriate repository for my share of the profits," they told media.
(Reporting by Melanie Burton; Editing by Karishma Singh and Nick Macfie)
'We can't do it alone' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori.
TIMMINS -
It wasn't pretty, but the O'Gorman Knights managed to wrangle up a 60-41 win over the Kapuskasing District High School Kolts in their opening Senior Division game at the 48th-annual Zenon Ziemba Boys Invitational Basketball Tournament Friday.
The only thing colder than the Knights' outside shooting for most of the contest was the -21 C temperatures outside the O'Gorman High School gym.
Knights coach Don Davis was happy to see their team pick up the victory, if not how they were able to accomplish it.
“I think every team is shaking off the rust after a long exam break,” they said, following the final buzzer.
“We picked things up in the fourth quarter, so hopefully the next game we will play with a little bit more consistency.”
Davis acknowledged their Knights have shot the ball much more efficiently in previous contests.
“There are times when we rely too heavily on our outside shooting and we don't necessarily drive the ball inside,” they said.
“We tried to stress the need to get a couple of layups, a couple of easy buckets around the basket. Then, hopefully, our three-point shots will start to fall for us. That's happened in the second half, but it was definitely a problem in the first half.”
After jumping out to an 18-5 first quarter lead on Friday, the Knights began to struggle in the second quarter.
Still up 26-18 at half-time, the Knights saw their lead shrink to just five points at one point in the third quarter.
They began to get their act together before the end of that period and went on an 18-8 fourth-quarter run to make the final score seem a little more one-sided than it might have been had things continued the way they were going.
The Knights' play on the defensive side of the ball might have been their saving grace on Friday.
“For the most part, we played well defensively,” Davis said.
“We had a couple of defensive lapses, but I think every team is going to have some communication issues at some point this weekend, due to the time off.
Jeremy Okonmah hit for a game-high 20 points to pace the attack for the Knights, with 13 of them coming during the second half of play.
“Jeremy really shot the ball well from beyond the arc for us today,” Davis said.
“He also played great defence and they have been leading us all year.  They are really big for us.”
Centre Clayton Eden added 11 points, with the majority of them coming inside the paint, while John Dube chipped in with nine points and Jon Okonmah added eight points.
The Knights also got six points from Connor Lahaie and five points from Dawson Cook in the contest.
Meanwhile, the Kolts got 13 points from Liam Shadd, nine points from Charles Lauzon, eight points from John Davidson and seven points from Alex Passera.
Davis realizes what the Knights are going to have to do if they hope to make it to Saturday's championship game.
“We just have to bring the effort and the energy,” they said.
“It was really quiet in this gym for the first 16 minutes and we can't play like that. If we play like that, we are not going to win too many more games.”
Davis knows the Knights have what it takes to win a championship on their home court.
“We have a young team, so the effort and the consistency isn't always there, but hopefully in the next game we can pick up the pace.”
The Knights coach was impressed with what they saw from the Kolts on Friday.
“They are a well-coached team and the play a notoriously good zone offence,” Davis said.
“That can give teams lots of problems. They also have a real strong point guard and a big guy who can really shoot the ball.
“We tried to really focus in on those two guys today.”
Action at the 48th-annual Zenon Ziemba Boys Invitational Basketball Tournament is scheduled to resume on Saturday, with semifinal action getting underway at O'Gorman High School, O'Gorman Intermediate Catholic School, École secondaire catholique Thériault and Timmins High & Vocational School, at 9 a.m.
Games will continue throughout the day, with the Junior Division championship game set for O'Gorman High School, at 5 p.m.
The championship game in the Senior Division will follow, at 7 p.m.
Video: Sassy Rebel Wilson charms media after huge defamation win, thought about 'pashing' Liam Hemsworth to keep their mind off case
"I didn't deserve it and if they knew me personally, they'd know that I've worked so hard for everything I've ever got."
Soccer-Colombian championship final Liga Aguila I result
June 15 (Gracenote) - Results from the Colombian championship Final Liga Aguila I match on Wednesday Final Liga Aguila I Thursday, June 15, first leg Deportivo Cali - Atletico Nacional 2-0 (halftime: 1-0) Next Fixtures (GMT): Final Liga Aguila I Monday, June 19, second leg Atletico Nacional v Deportivo Cali (0000)
April 13 Kruk SA:
* Has resolved to issue up to 20,000 bonds with a nominal value of 1,000 euros ($1,063) per bond, maturing 60 months after the allotment date
* Bonds will be offered at the issue price equal to their nominal value
* Bonds will be offered in a private placement Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9408 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
People walk on a street during a sunny frosty day in central Kiev, Ukraine January 26, 2017. REUTERS/Gleb Garanich
KIEV The International Monetary Fund executive board will meet on April 3 to decide whether to disburse a $1 billion aid tranche to Ukraine as part of its $17.5 billion bailout program for the country, it said in a statement on Thursday.
The IMF had delayed the disbursement from March in order to assess the impact of a blockade that Kiev imposed on separatist-held territory.
(Reporting by Natalia Zinets; writing by Matthias Williams; editing by John Stonestreet)
Peach enthusiasts, this is for you.
The 47th Annual Ridge Peach Festival is happening this weekend. There will be a country store selling home canned peach preserves, jams and jellies. Other peach desserts and ice cream will be available also. The festival is Saturday the 17th, starting at 9 a.m in Trenton, South Carolina
There will be a softball tournament and live entertainment all day.
Copyright 2017 WFXG. All rights reserved.
The Daily Stormer, a neo-Nazi website that promoted the "Unite the Right" rally in Charlottesville, Va., will no longer be hosted by GoDaddy, after the service received calls to ban the site over its hate-filled stories.
The Daily Stormer is now seen as trying to spin the threat of being taken down, posting a story that claims to be written by hackers affiliated with the activist group Anonymous. That story includes a threat to delete the site within 24 hours. But a main source of news about Anonymous says the group doesn't seem to be involved.
The dispute over the website comes after a violent weekend in Charlottesville culminated in the killing of Heather Heyer, 32, an anti-white nationalist protester. Police say James Alex Fields Jr., 20, killed Heyer when they drove their car into a crowd of people.
The Daily Stormer then published a story mocking Heyer and making light of the events in Virginia, prompting calls for GoDaddy, which hosts the site, to take it down.
Posting a link to the offending story, women's rights advocate Amy Siskind‏ wrote via Twitter, "@GoDaddy you host The Daily Stormer — they posted this on their site. Please retweet if you think this hate should be taken down & banned."
More than 6,500 people retweeted that message, and the web service replied late Sunday night: "We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service."
In the story on the Daily Stormer, the purported hackers said they'll delete the site by the same deadline set by GoDaddy. But in a break with notable hacking takeovers, the story didn't appear as a message plastered on the front of the site; instead, it was published alongside other pieces, including the one about Heyer.
The Daily Stormer was founded by Andrew Anglin, who also writes much of its most high-profile content; the site is supported by reader donations rather than by advertising.
The alleged hackers' message included the hashtag #TANGODOWN — a term that was quickly used by opponents of the site's views to celebrate its seeming demise. News organizations around the world ran stories about the apparent takeover, which had included the explanation, "this evil cannot be allowed to stand."
But a Twitter account that often relays news about Anonymous states, "We have no confirmation that 'Anonymous' is involved yet. Looks more like a DS stunt. Wonder if they are having issues finding a new host."
Referring to the all-caps message posted on the site — about an elite team targeting Anglin and their site — the account states, "We find claim that it took a 'UNITED FORCE OF ELITE HACKERS' to hack a CMS run by amateurs incredibly amusing."
People commenting on the Daily Stormer site also found the situation amusing, noting that the supposed hackers had said they had located Anglin and would be "sending our allies in Lagos to pay them a visit in person."
"LOL, this meme just won't end," one person wrote about the Lagos reference.
Earlier this year, Anglin's website was linked to an office in Worthington, Ohio, the Columbus suburb where they went to high school. As Columbus Alive reported, "Anglin's current whereabouts remain unknown."
The most popular response on the comment board was one that mocked people on Twitter who had announced the Daily Stormer had been taken over.
"Anglin you are a legend," one person wrote.
A Volkswagen logo is pictured at the newly opened Volkswagen factory in Wrzesnia, Poland, September 9, 2016. REUTERS/Kacper Pempel/File Photo
BERLIN Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE) has filed a legal complaint with a Munich court, seeking to prevent German prosecutors from using information seized during searches of the law firm it hired to investigate its emissions scandal.
The decision follows a meeting of VW's supervisory board on Tuesday, when officials discussed what legal recourse the carmaker has to prevent prosecutors from retaining and assessing the seized material, two sources close to the matter told Reuters on Wednesday.
Some members of VW's 20-strong supervisory board had misgivings about contesting the prosecutors' actions because they fear this could undermine the company's pledge to cooperate fully with authorities in clearing up the scandal, one of the sources said.
VW, the world's largest carmaker, would not specify exactly when the complaint was lodged and gave no further details about its argument.
A spokesperson for Munich prosecutors confirmed that VW's complaint has been received. The local and district courts of Munich are unlikely to take a decision on the complaint this week, a legal source told Reuters, allowing prosecutors to continue investigate their case.
VW had already condemned the search of offices of U.S. law firm Jones Day on March 15 and said it would use every legal step to defend itself.
Jones Day could not be reached immediately for comment.
The U.S. law firm was mandated by the supervisory boards of VW and luxury division Audi in late 2015 to lead an open-ended investigation into the emissions fraud.
VW has never published the full Jones Day report, though a summary of its findings was compiled in the form of a "statement of facts" for the U.S. Department of Justice.
The supervisory board recommended on Tuesday that shareholders should ratify the actions in 2016 of VW group's nine top executives, including Audi CEO Rupert Stadler, when they hold their annual general meeting on May 10, VW said.
On Wednesday Audi's supervisory board followed suit with a proposal to shareholders to exonerate Stadler, fellow top executives and all members of the controlling panel at a meeting on May 18, the carmaker said.
Such shareholder votes are common at German companies, but it is far from certain that shareholders will be persuaded to sign off on Stadler's decisions.
Audi admitted in November 2015 that its 3 liter V6 diesel engines were fitted with an auxiliary control device deemed illegal in the United States because it enabled vehicles to evade U.S. emission limits.
There has been speculation in the German media over when Stadler, who has run Audi since 2007, found out about the emissions cheating.
(Reporting by Andreas Cremer and Joern Poltz; Editing by Keith Weir and David Goodman)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 1-U.S. beef speeds to China by air as trade deal ends 14-year ban
CHICAGO, June 14 The first shipment of U.S. beef to China under a new trade deal went airborne on Wednesday, a Nebraska meat company said, just two days after Washington finalized details to resume exports, ending a 14-year ban.
Feb 2 (Reuters) -
* S&P SAYS MOZAMBIQUE FOREIGN CURRENCY RATINGS AFFIRMED AT 'SD/SD'; LOCAL CURRENCY RATINGS AFFIRMED AT 'B-/B' WITH STABLE OUTLOOK Source text - bit.ly/2DXFeKn
BY ADAM SINICKI/HEALTHGUIDANCE
Sometimes it seems as though the average tablet size is getting larger and larger and that manufacturers have no regard for how usable their products are.
These days many tablets are actually only slightly smaller than the average gullet size, meaning one has to develop the skill in order to get it right. In fact, the inability to swallow is actually a recognized condition in itself called “dysphagia.”
Swallowing is actually a pretty complex feat too—utilizing a total of 25 pairs of muscles in the mouth and throat.
Sadly, it's unlikely that drug companies are going to change their ways any time soon. However, there are a number of techniques to make this a little easier.
Tilting the head down. One tip is to try tilting the head down. While most assume that the head should be tilted back in order to help swallow the water and tablet, the reality is that doing this actually causes the esophagus to close up and the trachea to open. So instead, try tilting the head forward and to force close the windpipe and open up the gullet. This will help the pill to slide down more easily.
The pop bottle method. Another option is to try a technique referred to as the “pop bottle” method, based on research conducted by the University of Heidelberg in Germany. In the study, it was found that this method led to an improvement of 60-percent versus the traditional method. Fill a plastic water bottle and then place the tablet on the tongue as normal. Now close lips around the bottle opening and take a gulp using a sucking motion without letting any air into the bottle or the mouth.
Grinding and splitting. Still another way is to grind the pill down or to split it in half. Discuss with the medical practitioner if the pill is scored down the middle as this is encouraged at times for the user to take a lower dose of the given medication. If it turns out that the pill can be split, then consider grinding it. Many pills that can be split can also be ground up and added to a yogurt or sandwich to make it that much more palatable.
About the author: Adam Sinicki is a full time writer who spends most of their ti n me in the coffee shops of London, has a BS Psychology degree and is an amateur bodybuilder with a couple of competition wins to their name. Their other interests are self-improvement, general health, transhumanism and brain training as well as writing for websites and magazines.
As far as the ‘it' factor goes, this 10-year-old most definitely has it.
JD McCrary was at a Los Angeles Clippers NBA game over the weekend (Dec. 9) when they were called down to the court to play a round of “finish the lyrics.”
Related: Will Elton John and Beyoncé Update ‘Lion King' Classics for Remake?
Not only did McCrary know every note and word to the Jackson 5's version of Smokey Robinson's classic, “Who's Lovin' You,” but their vocals were incredible.
McCrary is set to star as Simba in the upcoming live-action version of The Lion King movie alongside stars like Beyoncé and Donald Glover. McCrary has worked with Glover before, appearing on the song “Terrified” from Childish Gambino's Grammy nominated album, Awaken My Love.
Seeing the young star in action gives us high hopes for the new Lion King.
Specialty Paper and Paperboards Market: Overview
Though there is no set distinction between paper and paperboard, the latter (single- or multi-ply) is normally thicker in comparison. Specialty paper and paperboards require distinct and elite raw materials and have similar applications.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/specialty-paper-paperboards-market.html
Specialty papers are usually employed in applications with representative values (such as cheques, money, vouchers, and security papers, as well as in packaging (wrapping paper and wallpaper), construction (construction paper, paper engineering, and composite materials) and others (such as litmus paper, blotting paper, and electrical insulation paper).
Specialty paperboards are usually utilized as cardboard boxes for packaging and drawing boards for students in faculties such as the arts, architecture, and engineering and also as sign boards in advertising and hard board covers for books, magazines, and notebooks. They are used to manufacturing containers, cartons, and trays employed to serve food as well as store medicines, food, and dairy products.
Specialty Paper and Paperboards Market Trends
Packaging applications hold a major share in the specialty paper and paperboards market, followed by printing and graphics. Consumption has been observed to be related to economic trends (GDP). The industry requires extensive investments, which is why a few prominent players usually dominate the market in a region.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=22499
The usage of digital media has increased for marketing and advertising purposes since it offers exposure to a large population and is economical and environment friendly. A major cause of deforestation is the requirement of paper, which can be lessened by using digital media. This can be considered as a constraint for the market for specialty paper and paperboards.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
April 6 Richelieu Hardware Ltd:
* Richelieu increases net earnings per share by 11.1% in the first quarter of 2017
* Q1 sales rose 3.7 percent to C$195.9 million
* Q1 earnings per share C$0.21
* Says board of directors approved payment of a quarterly dividend of C$5.67 per share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 2 U.S. oil producer Devon Energy Corp said it planned to divest about $1 billion of upstream assets across its portfolio.
The portfolio includes portions of its Barnett Shale assets.
The company expects to start divesting the assets in the second quarter of 2017 and complete the process over next 12 to 18 months.
Devon on Tuesday also reported a first-quarter profit, compared with a year-ago loss, helped by cost cuts. (Reporting by Sruthi Shankar and John Benny in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel)
* BOK holds rates for 10th mth, but limited impact on markets * Another sharp drop in won unlikely -analyst * KOSPI edges up; foreigners turn to net sellers * S.Korea's CDS remain at 9-mth high SEOUL, April 13 The South Korean won rose to a one-week high on Thursday as the dollar slumped broadly on U.S. President Donald Trump's comments that the currency was too strong, shifting investor focus away from local geopolitical risks that have hurt sentiment. The dollar took a heavy hit after Trump said the currency "is getting too strong" and that they would prefer the Federal Reserve to keep interest rates low. Investors took profit after the dollar gained 2.3 percent against the won in the past seven days. The won was quoted at 1,128.6 against the dollar as of 0318 GMT, up 1.1 percent compared with Wednesday's close of 1,141.4. It was the highest intraday level since April 6. South Korean shares also edged up, with the Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) gaining 0.2 percent at 2,134.31 points. The country's central bank kept interest rates unchanged for a 10th straight month, wary of geopolitical risks around North Korea and ahead of a much-anticipated U.S. Treasury report on foreign currency policy, but had limited impact on the markets as the decision was largely expected. "North Korea issue is not fully digested in the markets yet, but it is common for geopolitical risks to have just short-term effect especially in case of currency moves," said Paik Seokhyun, a foreign exchange analyst at Shinhan Bank. Paik added that the won is unlikely to drop below this week's lowest point as there is no additional momentum that could pressure the currency. The won dropped to as low as 1,149.7 this week. South Korean 5-year credit default swaps (CDS) have risen by 8 basis points this month alone, remaining at the highest levels since June last year as jitters related to North Korea continued to spook investors. Offshore investors were set to be net sellers, offloading 69.3 billion won ($61.23 million) worth of KOSPI shares near mid-session. Steelmaker Posco dropped 3.7 percent on foreign selling, while web portal Naver Corp rose 2.5 percent on offshore purchases. Decliners outnumbered advancers 447 to 324. June futures on three-year treasury bonds rose 0.08 point to 109.44. 0318 GMT Prev close Dollar/won 1,128.6 1,141.4 Yen/won 10.3618/12 10.3975 *KTB futures 109.48 109.40 KOSPI 2,134.31 2,128.91 * Front-month futures on three-year treasury bonds (Reporting by Dahee Kim; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
After just one season in Los Angeles, Sean McVay lost two of their most important offensive coaches: Matt LaFleur and Greg Olson. They brought both in last year as the Rams' offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach, respectively, helping the team go from worst to first in scoring.
Both also played a significant role in helping Jared Goff become a Pro Bowl quarterback in just their second season in the NFL. LaFleur and Olson each received promotions with the former going to Tennessee to call plays as the offensive coordinator, while the latter will hold the same position in Oakland.
McVay has since replaced them by promoting Zac Taylor to quarterbacks coach, while also elevating Aaron Kromer and Shane Waldron to co-coordinators – one controlling the run game with the other coordinating the passing attack.
Goff is the one affected most by these changes, but he's happy to see their mentors get some great opportunities.
“It's tough,” Goff said of LaFleur's departure, via the L.A. Times. “He's a guy that I built a good relationship with and was excited to continue to work with, but I'm happy for him.
With LaFleur and Olson leaving, Goff said he'll get more time with McVay, which is never a bad thing. He's been a quarterback whisperer, of sorts, during their time in the NFL, and did a great job with Goff in Year 1 with the Rams.
“Bummed that I don't get to work with [LaFleur] anymore but happy for them and excited to see what they can do with Tennessee,” Goff added. “But it will give me more of a chance to work with Sean. I'll get more one-on-one time with Sean, which will be good.”
McVay will have more on their plate in 2018 without LaFleur or Olson in the mix, but he'll have no trouble proving they can handle it. McVay already calls the play on offense, and Wade Phillips has just about complete control of the defense.
Where McVay's responsibilities will grow is during the week of preparation as the Rams game plan for their upcoming opponent. Kromer and Waldron will certainly help in that regard, but LaFleur's role in Los Angeles was certainly significant.
Quebec diamond miner Stornoway Diamond Corp will remobilise its staff to the Renard mine and resume full operations on Wednesday, after rainfall and a shifting of prevailing winds have allowed wildfires to be contained.
The company ceased operations on Monday as a safety precaution, after fires affected access to the mine site. On Monday morning, fire was located 12.6 km south of the mine, but just 3.6 km south of the Clarance and Abel Swallow Airport, and within 100 m of the mine's access road.
Advertisement
The Renard mine is Quebec's first producing diamond mine and Canada's sixth. It is located in the James Bay region.
To watch Creamer Media's latest video reports, click here
April 13 Knight Transportation Inc:
* Swift Transportation - upon termination of merger agreement under certain specified circumstances, co to pay Knight a termination fee of $89.1 million
* Swift Transportation-upon termination of merger agreement under certain specified circumstances, Knight to pay co termination fee of $75.3 million Source text: (bit.ly/2orXrsy) Further company coverage:
Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi greets Pope Francis upon their arrival to Cairo, Egypt April 28, 2017 in this handout picture courtesy of the Egyptian Presidency. The Egyptian Presidency/Handout via REUTERS
CAIRO Leaders of all faiths should unite in renouncing religious extremism and counter the "barbarity of those who foment hatred and violence," Pope Francis said on Friday at the start of a two-day visit to Cairo.
"Let us say once a more firm and clear 'No!' to every form of violence, vengeance and hatred carried out in the name of religion or in the name of God," the pope told a peace conference at Egypt's highest Islamic authority, Al-Azhar.
Francis's trip, aimed at improving ties between Muslims and Roman Catholics, comes three weeks after Islamic State suicide bombers killed at least 45 people in two Egyptian churches.
(Reporting by Crispian Balmer; Editing by Giles Elgood)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 5 GoPro Inc -
* GoPro to offer $150 million of convertible senior notes due 2022
* Notes will mature on April 15, 2022
* Notes will be senior, unsecured obligations of GoPro, and interest will be payable semi-annually in arrears
* Expects to use a portion of net proceeds of offering of notes to pay aggregate prepayment of prepaid forward
* Expects to enter privately negotiated prepaid forward stock purchase transaction with an affiliate of an initial purchaser in note offering
* As per prepaid forward agreement, GoPro will purchase shares of class a common stock, for settlement on or around April 15, 2022 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Hate crime offences have reached record levels in Dorset and Hampshire, according to new figures.
New figures show there's been a 100 per cent rise in hate crime in Dorset - to its highest figure since records began in 2012.
104 cases were recorded in the three months to last September.
In Hampshire there were 463, that's also its highest number, a rise of 33 percent from the previous three months.
Recorded by police forces in England and Wales in July-September 2016.
They are ranked according to the size of the change compared with April-June 2016, which is the figure shown in brackets.
An asterisk denotes that it was the highest quarterly figure since comparable records began in April 2012.
Dorset 104* (up 100%)
Hampshire 463* (up 33%)
A human rights organisation has said the country should prepare for the possibility of further spikes in offences once the Brexit process has begun.
However Ukip leader Paul Nuttall has said that such incidents have been ``overblown'' in an attempt to ``rubbish Brexit''.
A new satellite forecast tool could more than double the warning time for desert locust invasions, allowing vulnerable nations to prepare better against the crop-eating grasshoppers, the United Nations and European Space Agency (ESA) said Wednesday. Desert locusts, found mainly in the Sahara, across the Arabian Peninsula and in India, pose a major threat to agricultural production when migrating in swarms, the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) says. A one-kilometer-square swarm of about 40 million locusts can eat the same amount of food as 35,000 people in a day,...
read more...
Published By: VOA Africa - Today
Toa Maoni yako hapa - Add your comment
Related News
March 30 Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Ltd:
* Reports positive results from a phase 3 trial of GSP 301, mometasone/olopatadine fixed-dose combination nasal spray
* Phase 3, U.S.-based trial was a four-arm, double-blind, randomized, parallel group, active and placebo-controlled study
* Study enrolled 1,176 adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older for 14-days of twice daily treatment with GSP 301, mometasone, olopatadine or placebo.
* Says all trial arms utilized same vehicle and nasal spray delivery system
* Primary endpoint was change from baseline in average morning and evening patient-reported 12-hour reflective total nasal symptom score (RTNSS) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
OFF TO JAIL: Nicholas Raymond Trafford viciously bashed a man and will pay the price for it.
OFF TO JAIL: Nicholas Raymond Trafford viciously bashed a man and will pay the price for it. Contributed
ACTIONS have consequences and lives can be destroyed in seconds as one young CQ man learnt the hard way as they were led off to jail.
Not only had Nicholas Raymond Trafford, 20, wrecked their life but also their victim's face after a vicious blind-siding attack at a Puma service station on March 16, 2016.
On Tuesday morning, a solemn dread-locked Trafford had pleaded guilty to the charge of unlawfully doing grievous bodily harm (GBH) in the Rockhampton District Court.
The entire left side of the public gallery of the courtroom was packed with Trafford's family and supporters who were forced to watch a replay of the CCTV footage capturing the moment when Trafford dashed into the service station with their friend Nicholas Clyde Smithson to brutally bash a man.
The man had been in an argument with a drunken Trafford earlier in the night regarding a female who was known to both men. As they stood at the counter, the victim was punched from behind in the jaw before falling to the ground where they were further kicked and punched by Trafford before staff eventually intervened and they fled the scene.
The man suffered extensive injuries to the jaw and teeth, requiring $7485 worth of medical treatment including the insertion of a titanium plate.
Judge Michael Burnett had already sentenced Smithson for their lesser role in the bashing early last month, giving them probation and ordering them to pay compensation.
Police prosecutor Megan Jones explained how Trafford's criminal history was linked to alcohol abuse history.
They said not only was Trafford the main instigator of the offending which occurred in a public place involving multiple blows to an unsuspecting complainant but "there was an element of premeditation" as the victim was "essentially hunted down" and the "offending only ended with the intervention of third parties".
Mr Polley pointed to Trafford's troubled upbringing in a broken home which set them off on the wrong path in life, leaving home at the age of 14 before turning to a life abusing alcohol and drugs.
They said their client remembered little of the night in question and was both horrified and surprised watching the video.
Trafford wrote a letter expressing their remorse to the victim and was resolved to the reality of imprisonment.
Judge Burnett described the attack as a "most egregious assault" that was "short but brutal" and "disproportionate" to any perceived slight.
They described Trafford's behaviour as the "folly of youth" with a "failure to think through consequences" but said they had good prospects for rehabilitation.
The judge sentenced Trafford to three years imprisonment with a parole date of April 2, 2019 - in nine months time, with no order to pay compensation given Trafford's current unemployment.
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Climaveneta heat pumps for a prestigious mixed-use project in Vicenza
CORTE BERTESINA
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tag:
• Climaveneta Industry:
• Industrial Location:
• Vicenza - veneto - Italy Subject:
• Projects
Contact
Sara Di Clemente
***@melcohit.com Sara Di Clemente
End
-- Corte BertesinaMitsubishi Electric Hydronics & IT Cooling Systems, through its brand Climaveneta has recently supplied some heat pumps to Corte Bertesina, a typical, rural, nineteenth century Venetian courtyard with a connected 17-hectare estate with certified organic gardens of vegetables, grains and fodder, located on the outskirts of Vicenza, only 3km from Piazza dei Signori.The objective of the projectCorte Bertesina is a project where environmental, social, and agricultural values intersect: an 8-hectare forest which surrounds the vegetable gardens and farmland, a social farm, in addition to; an agricultural food processing center and shop, a bed and breakfast, a visitor's center for educational activities and residences. The objective of the project has been to regenerate and complete the existing core buildings with the intention to develop new functional relationships. Additionally, the project aims to intrude on the natural context as little as possible, absorbing from the surroundings visual, energetic, and wellness potential for its future inhabitants.Giovanni Traverso, the architect in charge of the project stated: ''This project is based on three pre-existing spheres: that of a private family, an agricultural company, and a social farm", adding: "Therefore, from private, social, and agricultural, we tried to put them together to look for valuable elements that could increase the potential of the courtyard project.Architectural choices between refurbished and new buildingsThe space of the historic courtyard is defined on the south edge by a long, linear wall in local stone and built using traditional methods. The wall divides public and social functions that occur in the courtyard and the private programs of the new residences. The new volumes are articulated linearly: light structures, hinged onto a stone wall which sits on a large, underground area designed to house the residents' vehicles. A visual connection with the exterior landscape, the sun's orientation and the control of natural ventilation are the main factors that informed the design solution.The roof covering is shaped to control natural light and maximize its photovoltaic potential: it produces 60 KW of energy, enough to support the courtyard's agricultural activities. On the southeast, a simple volume clad in irregular larch planks completes the courtyard: it is the cultural center, dedicated to the education and appreciation of the surrounding wooded landscape. The "barchessa" and historic buildings contain the bed and breakfast, gathering spaces for the social farm, food preparation areas, and market spaces for the sale of the agricultural goods produced on-site.Focus on sustainability and environmental respectThe materials used are traditional and have been chosen to easily blend into the surrounding environment. Larch wood, conventionally used for its durability, was chosen as the main construction material. The concept of environmental respect and sustainability was a driving force behind the social intentions of the project, encompassing the wellbeing of its users, the choice of building materials and construction techniques, and energy production and use.The HVAC systemEven the HVAC system has been designed with a clear focus on sustainability. It is based on a geothermal ring that, through heat pumps, distributes heating, cooling, and sanitary hot water to the different buildings. The HVAC plant designer selected 5 Climaveneta BWR DHW2 heat pumps from the PRANA range. The PRANA DHW2 heat pumps, optimized for geothermal systems, are reversible units for all year-round operation in any operating mode: single cycle (air conditioning, heating, domestic hot water) as well as a combined cycle in total heat recovery (domestic hot water together with cooling). Energy efficiency is the highest during the summer cycle, when, thanks to the full heat recovery, the production of hot water is free. Two additional air source heat pumps, iKIR 0151T INS, have been installed to keep stabilize the water temperature in the geothermal ring, thus maximizing the whole energy efficiency of the HVAC system. Air is finally distributed into the rooms through built-in fan coils belonging to Climaveneta a-LIFE2 and i-LIFE Slim ranges.Stefano Florian, Product Specialist of Heat Pumps & Mini Chillers at Mitsubishi Electric Hydronics & IT Cooling Systems, says: "The installation of heat pumps reduces both running costs of the building and local CO2 emissions. A HVAC system based on heat pumps is able to satisfy cooling, heating, and domestic hot water production with only one unit, thus reducing maintenance costs as well".Follow Climaveneta:youtube.com/user/climavenetaweb, @ClimavenetaHVAC, linkedin.com/company/climaveneta, facebook.com/climavenetahvac/Media RelationsSara Di Clementesara.diclemente@melcohit.com
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
An Airbus A320neo 'quiet jet' comes in to land at the ILA Berlin Air Show in Schoenefeld, south of Berlin, Germany, June 4, 2016. REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke
The logo of Airbus is pictured at the entrance of the Airbus facility in Bouguenais, near Nantes, France March 20, 2017. REUTERS/Stephane Mahe
PARIS Airbus (AIR.PA) took 20 new jet orders in March to end the first quarter well behind rival Boeing (BA.N) as delays in deliveries of the A320neo shifted the spotlight back to an earlier model.
The France-based company ended the quarter with 26 orders, but the net total for the year shrank to six after allowing for cancellations and conversions between different models.
Boeing earlier posted 226 jetliner orders for the same quarter, boosted by orders for 21 airframes for its P-8 military surveillance jet project and 15 U.S. air refuelling tankers.
After cancellations, Boeing posted 198 net orders including those military derivatives, but most of the remaining orders were from airlines that have to be identified.
Airbus took 18 orders for its popular A320 single-aisle jet, despite it nearing the end of its production as Airbus switches to the upgraded A320neo, whose deliveries have been delayed by problems at one engine supplier, Pratt & Whitney (UTX.N).
The order tally for A320neo aircraft fell by 8 units in March: hardly enough to dent a backlog of over 3,500 orders but enough to highlight the unexpected extra availability of current-generation A320s as Airbus keeps assembly lines flowing.
Chinese lessor CALC and U.S. budget carrier Spirit Airlines are among customers seizing the chance to pick up extra A320s powered by an earlier generation of engines at what some industry sources describe as "opportunistic" prices.
Airbus delivered 12 A320neos in March to bring the 2017 total to 26, but deliveries remain behind schedule due mainly to problems with engines from Pratt, one of two suppliers.
Airbus aims to deliver about 200 A320neos this year.
In two other widely watched projects it delivered 13 A350s and 3 A380s in the first quarter. In total, it delivered 136 jets in the quarter compared with Boeing's total of 169.
However, analysts said Boeing's deliveries were lower than expected and Wells Fargo Securities cut its earnings forecast for the quarter, while maintaining its forecast for the year.
Boeing shares rose 0.4 percent, about in line with the U.S. market, while Airbus shares rose more than 1 percent.
Boeing overtook its European rival as the world's largest jetliner producer in 2012 and analysts say it is expected to retain the title through the rest of the decade, while the prize for most orders is hotly contested each year.
Last quarter's wide order gap with Boeing came as Airbus faces a UK probe into suspected corruption in its use of third-party agents to win contracts in at least five countries, which widened this month as France started its own investigation.
Airbus said in its annual report released ahead of an April 12 shareholder meeting it was reviewing processes for using such agents, most of which have seen their relationships with Airbus cancelled as the company carries out a compliance drive.
(Reporting by Tim Hepher, editing by David Evans)
FRANKFURT (Reuters) - German trade fair operator Messe Muenchen said it was committed to its operations in Turkey despite having been on a Turkish blacklist of German companies suspected of backing terrorism.
"We do not question our engagement there," Klaus Dittrich, chairperson and chief executive of Messe Muenchen, told German newspaper Welt am Sonntag. "We are not expanding there for the time being but we are not pulling out."
Turkey was reported last month to have given Berlin a list of almost 700 German firms it was targeting for suspected links to last year's coup attempt. Turkey denied it had given Germany such a list.
Three weeks ago, Germany said Turkey had formally withdrawn the blacklist, blaming it on a "communications problem".
Dittrich said Messe Muenchen had "evidently" been on this list.
Messe Muenchen currently holds two events in Istanbul: transportation and logistics fair Logitrans and environmental technology fair IFAT Eurasia.
A pedestrian is dead after a crash on I-20 eastbound in North Augusta Monday night.
South Carolina Highway Patrol says it happened at 10:18 p.m near the 5 mile marker. Troopers say a 2014 Ford Focus was traveling eastbound when it hit the pedestrian. The deceased was allegedly in the roadway illegally and wearing dark clothing.
Later in the day, Aiken County Coroner Tim Carlton confirmed that the deceased man is 29-year-old Jemel L. Samual of Ocala, FL. Their family says they were just released from a detention center in Jacksonville and was hitchhiking to North Carolina to see friends. They say they suffered from an unspecified mental illness. Their death has been ruled an accident.
The driver of the Ford and their two passengers were taken to the hospital. Troopers say they were wearing seatbelts. We do know that the passengers have minor injuries.
Copyright 2018 WFXG. All rights reserved.
April 20 Nautilus Minerals Inc
* Nautilus delivers $2 million financing notice for May 2017
* Nautilus Minerals Inc - Private placement of an aggregate of 11.2 million common shares of company at an issue price of c$0.239 per share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
SEOUL North Korea on Thursday said it had reached agreement with Malaysia for the return of the body of a citizen killed in Kuala Lumpur in February and identified by South Korean and U.S. officials as the half-brother of the North's leader.
The body is to be returned to family in North Korea, the official KCNA news agency said, adding that both countries would lift reciprocal bans on travel by citizens and guarantee their safety, letting nine Malaysians now in Pyongyang return home.
The agreement was reached after recent talks between North Korea and Malaysia in the capital, Kuala Lumpur, it added.
North Korea does not acknowledge the dead man is Kim Jong Nam, the half brother of leader Kim Jong-un. Pyongyang continues to refer to them as Kim Chol, the name on the diplomatic passport Kim was carrying when they died.
(Reporting by Ju-min Park and Jack Kim; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
The IAQ Video Network releases another educational production about important environmental, health & safety (EHS) issues.
2
Contact
Cochrane & Associates, LLC
***@cochraneassoc.com Cochrane & Associates, LLC
End
-- Today, the IAQ Video Network and Cochrane & Associates announced the release of their latest educational video. Their newest production discusses potential indoor air quality (IAQ) concerns that workers and visitors to ice arenas may encounter."In the United States and Canada, there are approximately 5,000 indoor ice arenas that employee tens of thousands of workers and are visited by countless athletes and recreational skaters," said Paul Cochrane, President of Cochrane and Associates and the IAQ Video Network. "In an enclosed arena, the air quality can be impacted by numerous factors, including fuel-fired ice resurferers that may release combustion pollutants such as carbon monoxide (CO), nitrogen dioxide (NO) and particulate matter (PM) into the air. At high enough concentrations, these pollutants can cause health and safety concerns."This educational video was sponsored by a number of organizations and leading industry professionals that work to protect and enhance the public's health and safety. Sponsors include: EMSL Analytical, LA Testing, Clark Seif Clark, Zimmetry Environmental, VOETS and Healthy Indoors Magazine to name just a few.The video can be seen at: https://youtu.be/ oz7-WefTIl4 To examine more than 475 other EHS and indoor air quality videos that have been viewed over 1,928,000 times, or to join more than 2,400 subscribers of the IAQ Video Network's YouTube channel, please visit: www.youtube.com/ iaqmarketer To learn more or to inquire about IAQ Video Network sponsorship opportunities, custom videos or rebranding existing videos for educational and marketing purposes, please visit www.cochraneassoc.com, email info@cochraneassoc.com or call (602) 510-3179.About Cochrane & Associates, LLC & the IAQ Video NetworkCochrane & Associates is a business development, public relations and marketing firm that specializes in the environmental, industrial hygiene, HVAC, mold, remediation and indoor air quality industries. The company has worked with many of the industries' leading institutions and companies as it continues to be an innovator. They are also the driving force behind the IAQ Video Network which produces educational, association and corporate videos.
ZURICH, April 6 The Swiss blue-chip SMI was seen opening 0.5 percent lower at 8,598 points on Thursday, according to premarket indications by bank Julius Baer .
The following are some of the main factors expected to affect Swiss stocks:
GALENICA SANTE
Galenica priced the initial public offering of its Sante unit at 39 Swiss francs per share, the top end its range, two sources familiar with the matter told Reuters.
For more news, click
NESTLE
The Swiss maker of Kitkat bars and Nescafe coffee holds its annual general meeting.
For more news, click
COMPANY STATEMENTS
* Novartis said it will exercise an option to in-license ECF843, a recombinant form of human lubricin from Lubris LLC, for ophthalmic indications worldwide (outside Europe).
* The new research and development company being spun out of Actelion, to be called Idorsia and led by Actelion founder Jean-Paul Clozel, aims to have two to three applications ready for market in five years, Clozel told the Neue Zuercher Zeitung.
* EFG International said the current members of the board of directors will all stand for re-election for another one-year term at the upcoming annual general meeting except Erwin Caduff, who decided not to stand for re-election.
* Basilea Pharmaceutica announced the presentation of preclinical data on the anti-tumor activity of its clinical oncology drug candidate BAL101553 as a late-breaking abstract at the annual meeting of the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) in Washington DC, April 1-5.
* Molecular Partners reported changes in its ownership based on disclosure notifications The company said three investors crossed the following thresholds on April 5: Index Ventures Funds fell below 10 percent to 8.18 percent; Essex Woodlands Health Ventures Funds, below 10 percent to 7.82 percent, and Johnson & Johnson Innovation, below 5 percent to 4.25 percent. Private investors acquired shares from venture capitalist investors in secondary block trades, the company said.
* Rieter said it will open on April 6 a service branch in Kahramanmaraş to support its customers in the south east of Turkey.
* Kuehne + Nagel in Poland signed a new agreement for contract logistics management with Bosch Thermotechnology.
* Dufry said it had signed an agreement with Grupo Pullmantur to operate all gift shops onboard their fleet until 2022 and that it is consolidating its position at Mexico City airport with a new duty-free shop.
* Airopack Technology said its board of directors will propose to the annual general meeting to elect Christophe Villemin as a new member of the board.
ECONOMY
* CPI data for March due at 0715 GMT. (Reporting by Zurich newsroom)
FILE PHOTO: Employees of Amazon India are seen behind a glass bearing the company's logo inside its office in Bengaluru, India, August 14, 2015. REUTERS/Abhishek N. Chinnappa/File Photo
NEW DELHI India's reaction to an Amazon.com website selling doormats resembling the country's flag involved an unprecedented public and private offensive against the U.S. company by Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government, a document shows.
Foreign minister Sushma Swaraj publicly threatened in January to rescind visas of Amazon employees if the doormats were not removed from its Canadian website.
But a document seen by Reuters shows the government went even further in private, asking its U.S. and Canadian embassies to raise the matter "strongly" with Amazon's senior leadership.
India also escalated the matter to Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos and prompted a global audit by the company to "ensure that such products are not listed on any of its other" websites around the world, according to the document.
Amazon, which removed the products within 24 hours and apologized to the government, declined to comment.
Much is at stake for Amazon in India, where it plans to invest more than $5 billion as it takes on home-grown Flipkart and Snapdeal for a bigger share of the internet services market in the world's fastest growing major economy.
Amazon has now made Indian laws that govern the use of the national flag and other emblems "an integral part of the global compliance process," the document said, outlining the steps Amazon and India have taken since the incident.
India's reaction underscores the risks governments run by nationalist leaders are posing for businesses around the world. U.S. President Donald Trump, for example, has also taken an aggressive stance on Twitter against individual companies.
Last year, Modi presented a global leadership award to Bezos at a U.S.-India Business Council summit in Washington.
Amazon told the government that it had strengthened its in-house compliance units that monitor products sold by third-party vendors on its websites, the document said.
"Amazon India has conveyed that it is fully committed to respecting Indian laws and customs," the document said.
(Editing by Paritosh Bansal and Alexander Smith)
Mario Draghi, President of the European Central Bank (ECB) speaks during a news conference at the ECB headquarters in Frankfurt April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach
FRANKFURT The European Central Bank will stick to its policy plan including bond buying and record-low rates for some time to come as it is not yet convinced the euro zone economy is back to rude health, three of its top policymakers said on Thursday.
Comments from Mario Draghi, Peter Praet and Vitor Constancio suggested the ECB would not change its policy message this month despite mounting calls from Germany for it to wind down its stimulus. The remarks match a Reuters report last week.
ECB President Draghi said they saw no need to deviate from the bank's stated policy path, which includes bond buying at least until the end of the year and rock-bottom rates until well after that to stimulate inflation.
"I do not see cause to deviate from the indications we have been consistently providing," Draghi said at a conference in Frankfurt.
"Before making any alterations to the components of our stance – interest rates, asset purchases and forward guidance – we still need to build sufficient confidence that inflation will indeed converge to our aim," they said.
Price growth in the euro zone has rebounded in recent months and was at 1.5 percent in March. The ECB targets inflation of almost 2 percent.
This has fuelled market speculation the ECB might raise its deposit rate, which is -0.4 percent, meaning banks are charged on their excess deposits.
This is especially painful for cash-rich countries such as Germany and the Netherlands, where central banks have already signalled their uneasiness.
Speaking in Berlin on Thursday, Germany's central bank president, Jens Weidmann, said it was legitimate to start discussing when and how the ECB would crimp stimulus, and the head of Germany's banking lobby called for it to end soon.
But ECB Vice President Vitor Constancio told a summit in Malta later in the day that it was too soon to declare victory in the bank's efforts to lift inflation.
And ECB chief economist Peter Praet said even introducing the notion of a rate hike would undo some of the economic stimulus brought by the ECB's asset purchases.
"If investors start perceiving that the path of the policy rate is subject to upward uncertainty ... long-term interest rates will be pushed higher and asset purchases will become less effective," Praet said at the Frankfurt conference.
Indeed, ECB rate setters discussed removing a reference to the possibility of further rate cuts from their policy message when they met in March, but they decided against it for fear of upsetting financial markets.
The ECB is on course to buy 2.3 trillion euros (2 trillion pounds) worth of assets in a bid to boost lending by flooding the euro zone with cash.
Lending to households and companies is still growing at a slower pace than before the financial crisis.
(Editing by Louise Ireland)
March 29 Healthcare Global Enterprises Ltd :
* Says HCG plans to acquire a majority stake in Cancer Care Kenya
* CDC, development finance institution of UK government, will make acquisition, and MP Shah hospital will participate in deal
* N. Adamali, founder of CCK, will retain shareholding in company post acquisition and will continue their association Source text: bit.ly/2mOX39S Further company coverage:
HONG KONG The financial services arm of state-owned China Everbright Group plans to allocate $1.5 billion of its 2017 spending to the purchase of a fund manager, private bank or insurer overseas to help it raise cash more easily and extend its presence abroad.
Chen Shuang, chief executive of Hong Kong-based China Everbright Limited (CEL) (0165.HK), said in an interview on Friday that the company was planning to "significantly" increase overseas deals, including in the financial sector.
Chinese companies have come under pressure from Beijing to rein in overseas purchases, as the government tries to stem speculation, slow capital flight and shore up the yuan.
"It's not an easy job (for Chinese firms) to raise capital in U.S. dollars and invest in overseas markets," Chen said.
"We certainly need to make such strategic acquisitions to help our fundraising and extend our footprint overseas."
Chen said the firm, which raised $6 billion last year, was actively scouring America, Europe and Hong Kong for possible financial targets. They declined to elaborate.
After deals including the tie-up between UK fund managers Standard Life (SL.L) and Aberdeen Asset Management (ADN.L) earlier this year, more acquisitions are expected among asset managers and the broader financial sector in 2017.
Chen said Beijing's capital restrictions would not prove a hurdle for the company, which manages a total of 36 funds in both yuan and U.S. dollars - but the constraints would contain corporate China's broader ambitions overseas.
"The Chinese regulatory changes have already caused some difficulties for Chinese companies going global. It's an irresistible trend - Chinese firms and individuals going abroad to diversify their asset allocations," they said.
In 2014 and 2016, CEL launched two dollar funds worth a combined $460 million - its first moves to tap overseas markets and buy international know-how to upgrade China's domestic industry.
Last summer, it teamed up with venture capital firm IDG Capital Partners to set up a $3 billion fund, China's largest buyout fund at the time.
Chen said CEL was looking to raise another $1.4 billion to help fund the overseas push, including $600 million to be raised by its Overseas Infrastructure Fund within the year, which in 2016 acquired Albania's Tirana International airport for an undisclosed sum.
Already invested in tech and finance, CEL, through the infrastructure fund, will further invest in infrastructure-related projects in Hong Kong and regions covered by China's ambitious "One Belt, One Road" initiative.
CEL has been among China's financial players that have pushed into leasing: it is the biggest stakeholder in China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings(CALC) (1848.HK).
Chen said CALC, which leases mostly to Chinese airlines, would increase the number of its planes from 85 currently to 120 this year and 200 by 2020.
(Reporting by Julie Zhu; Editing by Clara Ferreira Marques)
A general view of the Vadinar refinery, operated by Essar Oil Ltd. (EOL) is pictured at dusk in the western Indian state of Gujarat June 5, 2012. REUTERS/Amit Dave
NEW DELHI/MOSCOW The purchase of Indian refiner Essar Oil by a consortium led by Russian oil company Rosneft has been delayed by a few weeks, the two sides said on Friday, because some Indian lenders to Essar have yet to sign off on the deal.
The $12.9 billion deal, in which Rosneft is set to take a 49 percent stake in Essar to pursue its global expansion, was expected to close by the end of this month.
Russia's second-biggest bank VTB, which is involved in financing the deal, has said that 19 more days would be needed to settle all the payments.
"The closure of the deal is delayed by a few weeks due to the pending approvals from the Indian banks. Both parties are still committed to close this deal as soon as the few remaining approvals from the banks are obtained," the bank said in emailed comments to Reuters.
The deal, the largest foreign acquisition of an Indian company, would give Rosneft a foothold in the growing Indian market. It already operates in a number of regions, including Europe and Latin America.
A 49 percent share will be split between commodities trader Trafigura and Russian investor United Capital Partners (UCP).
The billionaire Ruia brothers would retain a 2 percent stake.
"The closing was postponed into April because the buyers were dealing with 28 Indian banks that had credit lines with Essar Oil," a source close to the transaction said.
The source added that separate debt of holding company Essar Global was also affecting negotiations indirectly as some banks were lenders to both Essar Global and Essar Oil.
Essar Oil operates a 400,000 barrel-a-day refinery in Vadinar on India's west coast and sells fuels through its 2,470 filling stations across the country.
"The parties are working toward obtaining the requisite approvals to complete the transaction," Essar said on Friday.
The Economic Times reported last week that one of Essar's creditors, India's LIC, had demanded dues from Essar to give its clearance to the deal.
(Reporting by Nidhi Verma in New Delhi, Katya Golubkova and Vladimir Soldatkin in Moscow; Julia Payne in London; Editing by Andrew Osborn and Elaine Hardcastle)
Ali Lau, an architecture graduate student, holds a model of their project. They received four nominations to be featured in an Emerald edition honoring women in the UO community for Women's History Month. (Phillip Quinn/Emerald)
An agent of change: Grad student Ali Lau fights for equity and inclusion for underrepresented students in the College of Design
The Emerald asked the University of Oregon community to nominate outstanding women to celebrate as part of Women's History Month. Our newsroom chose one woman to honor from a pool of nominees who are making a significant impact at UO with their integrity, courage, innovation, creativity, spirit, smarts, leadership, hard work and ambition.
Ali Lau was nominated four separate times for speaking out on issues of inequity, bias and race at UO. Read about their work below, and find profiles of the other nominees here.
—
High above the coruscating waters of the Pacific Ocean, the plane curved northward, carrying Alexandra Lau home. As the shores of Honolulu tilted into view and the lush green archipelago of the Hawaiian islands stretched across the horizon, Lau began to cry. Them chest ached.
It was the first moment in which they began to understand the depth of their intrinsic connection to their home and land as a Native Hawaiian woman.
They were returning for the first time since leaving their all-Native Hawaiian private preparatory high school to attend Hampshire College in Massachusetts.
Throughout childhood they dreamed of leaving Hawai'i behind to live in New York. But when they finally left the cocoon of their warm island home, they were struck with the cold reality of life as one of the most underrepresented peoples in the United States.
“I grew up not knowing I was a minority,” Lau said. “I'm Hawaiian, Chinese, Filipina, Portuguese, Russian, Welsh and Native American — I'm very mixed, but what I identify as is native Hawaiian, and it took a long time for me to even really realize what that meant.”
At Hampshire, they struggled to find any faculty to take them seriously. They watched their rich, white friends navigate the academic system with ease.
“For someone coming all the way from Hawai'i from a fairly middle-low income family, it was really hard for me to fit into that,” Lau said. “I had a friend whose dad was donating hundreds of thousands of dollars to the school, and I saw them excel.”
But it would take Lau years to understand and express what they were experiencing.
They transferred to St. Joseph's College in Brooklyn, where the diverse atmosphere of New York City welcomed them Lau graduated in 2010 with a bachelor's in mathematics. Now a 29-year-old graduate student at the University of Oregon in their final year, Lau is earning two master's degrees from the College of Design, one in architecture and the other in community and regional planning.
“Everything I do is based on my identity of being native Hawaiian,” Lau said. “There's been a huge movement in Hawaiian renaissance for us to remember as a people who we are and what the power is in that.”
American society stigmatizes Native Hawaiians as “fat and lazy,” and sometimes Native Hawaiians internalize these stereotypes about themselves, said Lau. But the last 30 years have seen a resurgence and reclamation of cultural heritage. They intend to use their technical architecture and planning skills with an indigenous lens to push the Honolulu community toward sustainability.
It wasn't until they moved to Eugene that their experience of being a minority crystallized.
“Being here brought up a lot of doubt for me,” Lau said. “Doubt that I was capable to be here and to do this, doubt that I would be able to finish, doubt that I even was a valuable citizen.”
They felt it in everyday moments, like being ignored during a visit to the dentist. They were isolated as a woman of color in their academic department. On top of the stress of grad school, they were usually the only person of color in their classrooms. During discussions, other students talked over her, and they found their ideas dismissed and overlooked by faculty.
“It's below the radar. And if you aren't looking for it, and if you don't have the language for it, you don't really know it's happening. But it is still happening to you,” Lau said. “So many of these little experiences — whether you know they're happening or not — they are having an effect on you.”
Once they found a way to articulate the problems they and their peers were facing, Lau took the fight for equity to the top of the School of Planning, Public Policy and Management. They met Rachel Mallinga, one of the only other women of color in the department, and the two began to work together.
“Ali is just one woman in the long history of women of color who've spoken up and done the hard work to push for change,” Mallinga, an alum of the nonprofit management program, said.
In 2015, Mallinga founded the Peer Exchange as a safe space for underrepresented students in PPPM to convene, share their experiences and support each other. Lau was inspired to voice their concerns about a lack of equity in the department and find a constructive way to create change from within.
After a group of students sent official letters to the PPPM department with requests for equity action and saw little change, Lau knew they needed a concrete framework to hold the department accountable. The two women spent eight months interviewing students and compiling an official report that evaluated the department's cultural competency from a student perspective and recommended specific changes to curriculums, classrooms and faculty.
“This ‘Cultural Competency Report' provides key elements to establishing a culture of equity, diversity, and inclusion,” Mallinga and Lau wrote in its intro.
When Mallinga graduated last year, Lau took over as a facilitator of the Peer Exchange.
Because of Mallinga and Lau's vocal leadership of the Peer Exchange and the official letters sent to the department head, Rich Margerum, the PPPM department formed an Equity Initiative of faculty and students to address the concerns.
“I think there's a little bit of complacency that, oh, we're all liberal-minded, open minded, and so forth, everything's going fine — without really understanding where those perspectives are coming from,” Margerum said.
The initiative has used this report and hosted listening sessions to hear the perspectives of underrepresented students. For a graduate department that specializes in shaping cities and societies with policy, it's essential to understand how applicable and integral these issues are and include them as a central part of the curriculum, according to Lau.
“You can count on your fingers how many students of color there are. You know that it's small,” Lau said about PPPM.
Graduate school is already a stressful environment. Add the stress of being an underrepresented student and it becomes even worse, Lau said.
“When you're one of a few women of color in a department, you're dealing with a really different experience, and graduate school can be an unwelcoming environment” Mallinga said. “Just having that support — how to navigate around microaggressions is really important.”
Lau also sees Mallinga as a leader for social change. “Until I started working with her, one, I thought I was going crazy, and two, I just had no idea that you could actually do something about it,” Lau said.
Those around Lau in the department and in their life, like their partner and fellow PPPM student, Oliver Gaskell, consistently emphasized Lau's ability as an agent for change on both structural and personal levels, despite all the other work they have to do.
Gaskell said that Lau also aims to connect with the international students in the graduate program who are sometimes left on their own. They said they made it one of their goals last term to meet with international students and hear about their experiences.
Margerum described them as brave for confronting implicit bias within classrooms and holding the department accountable.
“She's just done a really terrific job of being critical of things that fall short but also being very constructive and presenting in a way that faculty come away with a real positive, energized feeling about what they need to do and being convinced this is a priority,” Margerum said about Lau's work.
Lau and Mallinga aren't the only students who've felt burdened by a culture of whiteness at UO.
“Eugene's pretty ethnically homogeneous, so when you first move here you can feel really othered to a whole different extent than probably where you're moving from,” Jaclyn Kellon, a Ph.D candidate in chemistry and the president and founder of student support group Community for Minorities in STEM, said.
Kellon reached out to Lau last summer when starting a program for grad students called Creating Connections. “Our goal is to create a larger social network and social support system that can help students from underrepresented minority populations connect and feel a sense of belonging at the university,” Kellon said.
Lau is in their last six of months of school and has moved their focus from the PPPM's Equity Initiative to helping Kellon kickstart the broader program.
They want to leave behind a growing community and support system for future graduate students of color.
PPPM hired two new tenure-track faculty, for positions called Engaging Diverse Communities. Both start next fall and are Latino men.
But the department still has a long way to go and things are moving slowly, according to Lau.
“People who are in positions of power, namely white, cisgendered men and women should listen to women of color,” Mallinga said. “Throughout history we've spoken our truths and this is what Ali has done. She's going to be an agent of change.”
Donating to the Daily Emerald We need you to support our mission. Please donate to independent non-profit student journalism.
Donate
Comments
Tell us what you think:
May 2 Paragon Offshore plc:
* Paragon Offshore announces consensual restructuring agreement reached between secured and unsecured lenders, establishing litigation trust for creditors to pursue claims against Noble Corporation
* Says unsecured noteholders to receive $105 million in cash and 50% of new common equity
* Under Consensual Plan, company expects to emerge from Chapter 11 with approximately $160 million in cash
* As per plan, term lenders, revolver lenders to get pro rata shares of $410 million in cash, 50% of new equity, new term debt of $85 million
* Under Fourth Joint Plan of reorganization, co agreed to abandon previously disclosed settlement agreement with Noble Corp
* Believes its Consensual Plan will allow company to forgo tax bonding support that would have been provided under Noble settlement
* Co formally terminated Noble Settlement on April 21, 2017
* Under Consensual Plan, first $10 million of proceeds from litigation against Noble will be applied to repay Litigation Loan Amount
* Under Consensual Plan, balance of first $10 million of proceeds will be shared 50%/50% between noteholders and secured creditors Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 12 ClubCorp Holdings Inc:
* ClubCorp reports twelfth consecutive quarter of growth, announces acquisition of Oakhurst Golf and Country Club and "the collective" a new club concept
* Sees FY 2017 revenue $1.095 billion to $1.135 billion
* Q1 revenue $221.3 million versus I/B/E/S view $222.1 million
* Q1 same store sales rose 2.6 percent
* For fiscal year 2017, co reiterates adjusted EBITDA guidance in range of $255 million to $265 million
* ClubCorp Holdings Inc - qtrly loss per share $0.12
* Fy2017 revenue view $1.12 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.07 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
PARIS: Having controversially dropped grid girls from the world championship, Formula One chiefs axed another long-standing tradition on Friday—the 2 pm start time.
From this year, races will start 10 minutes later while the European and Brazilian Grands Prix will begin an hour later than in previous years, said Liberty Media.
“Some broadcasters usually go on air precisely on the hour, hence missing the tension and emotion that characterize the minutes before the start of each Grand Prix,” said a statement.
“Thanks to this change, television viewers will be brought closer to the teams and the drivers and fully enjoy the spectacle offered just before the red lights go out.
“The second change is to the European and Brazilian race weekends. Research has indicated that a wider TV audience is reachable later in the afternoons, especially in the summer months.
“Consequently, it has been decided to move the schedule of every session back by one hour across the whole weekend for each of the above-mentioned Grands Prix.”
The new Formula One season begins on March 25 with the Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne.
Ecclestone laments ‘prudish' end of Formula One grid girls
Bernie Ecclestone has slammed the “prudish” decision by Formula One's current owners to dispense with grid girls in the lead-up to races.
Darts took a similar decision last month, banning the women who walk on with the players before matches.
Typically, the grid girls in Formula One display team placards or stand with an umbrella that shields drivers waiting in their cars from the weather before the start of a Grand Prix.
But feminist groups and others have hit out at sports who employ women in purely “decorative” roles, saying it is demeaning and makes it harder for female competitors to be taken seriously in what is still a largely male-dominated environment.
However, 87-year-old British business person Ecclestone, for decades the ‘ringmaster' of Formula One before selling to current owners Liberty Media, was unimpressed.
“The country at the moment is getting a bit prudish,” they told Britain's Sun newspaper on Thursday.
“You should be allowed to have grid girls because the drivers like them, the audience like them and no one cares. These girls were… part of the spectacle.
“I can't see how a good-looking girl standing with a driver and a number in front of a Formula One car can be offensive to anybody.”
‘Welcome to the 21st Century'
But Sean Bratches, managing director of commercial operations at F1, said on Wednesday: “While the practice of employing grid girls has been a staple of Formula 1 grands prix for decades, we feel this custom does not resonate with our brand values and clearly is at odds with modern day societal norms.”
Meanwhile a spokesperson for Formula E, where more environmentally friendly electric cars are raced rather than the petrol-driven machines that compete in Grand Prix, hailed a change it said was long overdue.
“We're glad to welcome F1 to the 21st century,” the spokesperson told Autosport magazine. “Formula E stopped using grid girls last year already, but we just didn't feel the need to shout about it.”
Nevertheless, some grid girls were unhappy about their imminent unemployment, with Lucy Stokes telling them Twitter followers: “I love my job. I'm respected, paid well & proud to represent the team I'm working for. It's not right for anyone, let alone ‘feminists' to judge our job when quite frankly they are putting so many women out of work. Where is the equality & empowerment here? #GridGirls#F1.”
Rebecca Cooper, another grid girl, tweeted: “If we don't do something to stop this where will it end? No grid girls, no cheerleaders, female singers being told what to wear on stage, no models in magazines?! I'll fight for my right to choose what I wear, where I work and to keep a job I love. I'll #fightformyrighttochoose.”
AFP
* New NBAD, FGB combination to be named First Abu Dhabi Bank
* TAQA limit up, but turnover low
* Saudi's SIIG falls on facility maintenance
* Qatar, Egypt see the lowest volumes in months
By Celine Aswad
DUBAI, April 2 Stock markets in the Gulf moved sideways in thin volumes on Sunday, while shares of the newly-formed lender in Abu Dhabi, First Abu Dhabi Bank, outperformed a day after the legal completion of the merger.
Shares of First Abu Dhabi Bank - the new name of the newly merged National Bank of Abu Dhabi and First Gulf Bank - rose 1.5 percent. Shares of First Gulf Bank have been delisted.
Shares of Abu Dhabi National Energy (TAQA) soared by the daily limit. A Dubai-based asset manager said turnover of a little under 8 million dirhams ($2.2 million) paled in comparison to the 36 million dirhams turnover from First Abu Dhabi Bank, and suggested only a few investors drove the stock limit up.
On Thursday, TAQA reported a full-year loss of 18.55 billion dirhams ($5.05 billion) for 2016. The net loss was largely fuelled by a 16.9 billion dirham post-tax impairment and because of lower oil prices.
Dubai's index edged up 0.3 percent, with 19 shares advancing and 11 declining.
The majority of trade was focused on second and third tier stocks, often traded by local day traders. Union Properties , the most traded share, rose 2.8 percent and builder Arabtec added 2.5 percent.
In Saudi Arabia, the share index handed back gains made earlier in the day to edge down 0.2 percent. The number of advancing and declining shares were even at 72.
Saudi Industrial Investment Group lost 3.6 percent after the company said its Saudi Chevron Phillips project would undergo 35 days of maintenance from April 1. The financial impact will be reflected in second quarter results.
Other petrochemical producers' performances were mixed with five declining and five closing higher. Two closed flat.
The petrochemical sector is expected to see modest growth in earnings in the first quarter of the year, according to analysts, although a divergence in performance among the listed producers is expected.
Analysts at Alrjahi Capital said major polymer products prices remained stable in the first quarter, rising by a low-to-mid single digit percentage, but on the cost front average feedstock prices have also moved sharply higher, which leaves some producers with lower spreads - albeit from very high levels - and puts downward pressure on bottom lines.
The largest producer, Saudi Basic Industries, could see a slight deterioration in its petrochemical segment's margins, said Alrajhi. SABIC closed flat on Sunday.
Shares of Saudi real-estate developer Jabal Omar added 0.4 percent after the company said one of its Mecca hotels had started operations.
DOHA, EGYPT VERY LOW VOLUME
In Doha, the index added 0.1 percent in the lowest daily traded volume since late January as three-fifths of traded blue-chips advanced. Telecommunications operator Ooredoo was the top performer, adding 2.2 percent.
Egypt's index fell 0.6 percent in the lowest daily volumes since the flotation of the currency on Nov. 3.
Twenty-two shares declined on Sunday while five advanced. Orascom Telecom shares, often traded by local day traders, fell 2.7 percent.
SUNDAY'S HIGHLIGHTS
SAUDI ARABIA
* The index edged down 0.2 percent to 6,990 points.
DUBAI
* The index added 0.3 percent to 3,491 points.
ABU DHABI
* The index edged up 0.1 percent to 4,450 points.
QATAR
* The index inched up 0.1 percent to 10,398 points.
KUWAIT
* The index fell 0.1 percent to 7,021 points.
EGYPT
* The index lost 0.6 percent to 12,912 points.
OMAN
* The index edged down 0.2 percent to 5,538 points.
BAHRAIN
* The index fell 0.7 percent to 1,346 points. ($1 = 3.6728 UAE dirham)
(Editing by Mark Potter)
August is a time to savor the last weeks of summer. It's also a time for students – with help from their parents – to start getting ready for the new school year.
Those two statements aren't contradictory. There are a few simple things that students and parents can do to help make the transition to school easier, while still allowing time for summertime fun. They range from making sure students are registered before the first day of school, to gradually switching to school sleep routines a week before school starts.
In Portland, the first day of school for students in grades 1-12 is Wednesday, Aug. 30. There is no school on Friday, Sept. 1, so everyone can enjoy a long Labor Day weekend. Then school resumes on Tuesday, Sept. 5, for all students, including pre-kindergarten and kindergarten students.
To view the Portland Public Schools' 2017-2018 calendar, go to our website, and click on “News & Calendars.”
If your child is new to the district and not yet registered for the new school year, please make an appointment at your neighborhood school to enroll your child. For more information, go to “School Enrollment” under the blue “Parents” box on our website.
Please don't wait for the first day of school to register your child. It's difficult for our schools to plan if they don't know how many students they'll have in the fall.
Also, many of our schools hold back-to-school barbecues, ice cream socials and other welcoming orientation events before the first day of school – you don't want your child to miss out on those. Familiarizing students with their school and teachers beforehand helps quell first-day-of-school anxiety. Also, families are our valued partners when it comes to educating our students, so we look forward to meeting students' families.
To find out about the events at your child's school, go to that school's website. You can link to school websites from the district website under the “Schools” tab.
I'd also like to remind parents of a new addition this year to the immunizations that Maine state law requires for students. Effective for the 2017-2018 school year, all Maine students entering seventh grade will need to receive one dose of Tdap (tetanus, diphtheria, and pertussis) vaccine before attendance is allowed. Pertussis (whooping cough) is a very contagious and potentially serious disease, so this new requirement will protect your child and others.
Also, families should be aware that this year's ninth-graders will be the first to comply with a new state's new proficiency-based high school graduation requirements. The Class of 2021 must demonstrate proficiency in language arts, math, science, and social studies.
This year, all high schools in Portland will align to common baseline expectations related to moving in the direction of a proficiency-based system. To facilitate that transition, we have decided that course grades and report cards won't change. Instead, ninth-grade teachers will keep track of students' mastery of graduation performance indicators in a system that parallels the traditional grade reporting.
I'll be explaining this transition in more detail in an upcoming letter to parents. I want to stress here that we see great value in a proficiency-based learning model – which ultimately is about being clear about what our students need to know and be able to do in order to graduate from high school.
Finally, as the new school year begins, I want to remind parents how important it is that students attend school, starting from the first day. The start of school is a critical time when students and teachers get to know one another, build relationships and establish important classroom routines.
Students also need to continue attending throughout the rest of the year. According to Count ME In, the Maine affiliate of the national organization Attendance Works, “students who miss school frequently are less likely to read proficiently by third grade, more likely to fail in middle school and eventually drop out of high school. Missing school, even in kindergarten, has consequences.”
Schools, students, families and the Portland community: Let's all work together to have a great start to the new school year.
Xavier Botana is superintendent of the Portland Public Schools. They can be reached at superintendent@portlandschools.org.
Brazil's President Michel Temer talks to the journalists during an impromptu news conference in São Paulo, Brazil, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Nacho Doce
BRASILIA Brazilian President Michel Temer's landmark pension reform would not pass the Lower House of Congress at it stands, according to a survey of lawmakers published by newspaper Estado de S.Paulo on Wednesday.
Not even a watered-down version of the constitutional amendment, which is considered key for Brazil to plug a widening budget gap, would muster enough votes to clear the house, the daily said.
The reform, submitted last year to Congress, sets a minimum age of retirement for both women and men of 65 years and demands more years on the job for workers to gain full pension benefits.
Those points and others to limit benefits are criticized by lawmakers who face elections next year and are calling to ease some requirements that are already facing stiff resistance from unions and public servants.
Brazil's pension system is one of the world's most generous and expensive with many workers retiring in their early 50s with full benefits.
A watered-down proposal would be rejected by 242 lawmakers with only 92 in favour, the survey shows. The amendment needs 308, or three-fifths of the house, to pass.
A special lower house committee is expected to vote on the proposal this month before it heads to the floor.
(Writing by Alonso Soto; Editing by James Dalgleish)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A MUM on the warpath, seething with rage at their teenage children, smashed down their son's bedroom door with a sledgehammer, even threatening to have them killed.
"You are a dead man walking," they yelled at him.
The 43-year-old Springfield Lakes mother pleaded guilty in Ipswich Magistrates Court to obstructing police, and to three charges of contravening domestic violence orders in April and June 2018.
Them lawyer told the court they were in a loving and supportive relationship with their husband of 20 years but had alcohol issues.
Prosecutor Sergeant Paul Caldwell said police received a 000 call from their son, aged 17, on April 24, saying their mother smashed down their bedroom door with a sledgehammer after "drinking alcohol all day".
Police found the door to be completely destroyed, the mother later telling them they were trying to teach their son a lesson.
Sgt Caldwell said officers had to handcuff the woman because of their behaviour.
When arrested and taken to a police car, the mother kept refusing to sit up so their seatbelt could be put on.
They continued to verbally abuse the officers, saying "f--- you, I don't give a f---", while laying down again across the back seat.
Placed in a cell at the police watch house the irate mother began kicking the glass door before being moved to a padded cell.
In an incident on June 27 the mother threw punches at their daughter and scratched their face when the daughter asked where their belongings were.
The frightened daughter barricaded themselves in a bedroom using a set of drawers.
Them mother threatened that they would get a sledgehammer to force entry.
Sgt Caldwell said the girl phoned their brother, who arrived home to help them
The court heard that police located the older teenage girl with facial injuries.
When their mother left with police, they stopped and gave their children a menacing look.
The son told police that when they arrived home they poured an open bottle of vodka down the sink and their mother lunged at him.
"Fearing for their safety they restrained their mother on a couch and they continued with a tirade of abuse," Sgt Caldwell said.
"She says they will organise someone to kill him, and they were a dead man walking."
Defence lawyer Brianna McKenzie said the woman lived in a loving relationship and had other children.
They had no criminal history.
Ms McKenzie told the court the woman had sought mental health help and treatment for alcohol and anger issues.
"She recognises their actions were wrong, and has shame, embarrassment and genuine remorse," Ms McKenzie said.
Magistrate David Shepherd said the offences were serious and were likely brought about by the woman's excessive use of alcohol.
They said they had read their husband's letter, but blaming their children was not going to achieve anything, and that the responsibility lay with them
Mr Shepherd said underlying issues needed to be dealt with as alcohol would only make matters worse.
"Irrespective of their attitudes to life it would be unpleasant to see their mother conducting themselves in that way," Mr Shepherd said.
They sentenced them to a supervised 12-month probation order to allow the continuation of their rehabilitation process.
FRANKFURT, April 12 Adyen, one of Europe's biggest fintech companies, saw revenue last year rise 99 percent to $727 million (686 million euros) and expects it to double again in 2017 to around $1.5 billion, Roeland Prins, the company's chief commercial officer, said on Wednesday.
The Amsterdam-based company handles cross-border payments for ecommerce giants Airbnb, Booking.com, Spotify and Uber, advertising for Facebook and Twitter and ads and subscriptions for LinkedIn and is expanding in the Americas and Asia.
"The bigger this company gets, doubling in percentage terms starts to get more challenging, but we should double again in the current year," Prins said in a phone interview, referring to annual revenue.
Adyen reported in February that overall volumes for online and offline payment transactions it processes through its system grew 80 percent during 2016 to $90 billion (reut.rs/2p4VQvm). It competes with established peers such as Worldpay and PayPal but is growing far faster.
The Amsterdam-based company said it generated more than $1.4 million in revenue per employee, putting it in a rare class of $1 million plus-per-employee firms that includes Apple, Amazon, Facebook, Google and online classifieds company Craigslist.
The company is backed by wealthy tech investors including Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg and Singapore sovereign wealth fund Temasek. It was last valued at $2.3 billion in 2015.
During the past year it has also begun processing consumer payments for tech firms such as Microsoft's and its Skype calling unit, Symantec, and billing for office space firm WeWork and ecommerce brands Sephora and Bonobos.
The company says it has been profitable since 2011 but does not disclose exact figures.
(1 euro = $1.0602) (Editing by Maria Sheahan)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 31 Boyd Gaming Corp
* Boyd Gaming Corp says on March 29, 2017, co entered into amendment no. 2 and refinancing amendment - SEC Filing
* Boyd Gaming Corp says amended credit agreement provides for commitments to make Term B loans in an amount equal to $1.3 billion Source text: [bit.ly/2oj1Cci] Further company coverage:
England have finally won a penalty shootout at the World Cup. Yes, if you thought the old English Achilles heel of those 12-yard spot kicks would end their World Cup dream once again, you were wrong.
The right boots of Harry Kane, Marcus Rashford, Kieran Tripper, Eric Dier and the left hand of Jordan Pickford ensured Gareth Southgate's side got past Colombia and set up a quarter-final date with Sweden in the next stage of an odyssey that now really, really has people believing that 52 years of hurt can be ended and England can win the World Cup.
‘Spot-Pick hero' from The Daily Star was the highlight of the tabloid headlines on Wednesday morning above a picture of a diving Jordan Pickford sticking their left hand up in the air to block Carlos Bacca's effort.
Pickford was the hero across most of the papers after their save brought England back into it when Jordan Henderson's miss looked like it may have ended their chances.
The front page of The Sun proclaims ‘Hand of Jord' under the same picture of the 24-year-old goalkeeper while, on their back page, they say ‘England win on penalties (yes, really!)' underneath the caption of ‘A headline we have waited a lifetime to write'.
On July 16th could that be ‘A headline we have waited 52 years to write?'
‘Believe' is the rallying cry from The Daily Telegraph while the Guardian go for a similarly motivational splash of ‘Yes, we can'.
There's a feeling of relief in the Daily Express and The Times.
The i proclaims ‘A new England' and who knows what impact it may indeed have on the country (and even on Brexit) if Southgate's boys go all the way.
Even the New York Post got in on the act by proclaiming (for no apparent reason) ‘GOD SAVE THE QUEEN!'
NEW YORK (AP) " Quite a rally for Rumor " a commanding comeback for German shepherds, too.
Rumor was crowned America's top dog Tuesday night when, a year after a near miss on the very same green carpet, they came out of retirement to win best in show at the Westminster Kennel Club.
Cheered loudly all around the ring by a packed crowd at Madison Square Garden, she's just the second German shepherd champion at the event that began in 1877.
"Unbelievable," handler and co-owner Kent Boyles said.
In a year that's seen lots of late, startling twists in sports " think Patriots, Cubs and Cavaliers " Rumor pulled something of a shocker. She'd been at home in Wisconsin for months, a house pet headed toward having puppies, when they suddenly jumped back into the show ring in January.
Boyles is a fan of the Packers and star quarterback Aaron Rodgers. Seeing a pet go from the couch to this top prize, heck, that's a dog world Hail Mary.
The 5-year-old Rumor beat out a Norwegian elkhound, a Pekingese, a miniature poodle, an Irish setter, a boxer and a Norwich terrier in the final ring.
The Irish setter called Adrian finished second.
"The German shepherd standard talks about quality and nobility," judge Thomas Bradley III said. "When you recognize it, it hits you at home, and that's what it really is.  They are just magnificent."
Rumor is named for the hit song "Rumor Has It" by Adele, a champion themselves after sweeping the major categories at the Grammy Awards on Sunday.
This was the 104th career win for Rumor, and earlier in the day, Boyles said that this would definitely, for real, be their last major show.
Continued below.
Related Content Editorial: Muslim ban arbitrary and foolish Your views: Readers letters' KiwiSaver worth more than $36 billion
"She's going to be relaxing for a while," Boyles said after the win, but ultimately, there are "puppies in their future."
Clearly the crowd favorite, Rumor came out flying into the best-of-seven final ring to fans whistling and calling them name.
Rumor raised up for a well-deserved treat right after the win. Moments later, as Boyles did post-show interviews, Rumor spotted them and ran toward the man who guided them to victory.
Rumor joined the fittingly named Manhattan in 1987 as the only German shepherds to go best in show at the Garden.
There were nearly 2,800 dogs entered in the 141st Westminster canine competition, spread across the 202 eligible breeds and varieties.
The moment any German shepherd steps into the ring at the Garden, the crowd goes crazy.
New Yorkers just love 'em.
Some say it's because rooting for a German shepherd is the same as putting on an NYPD or FDNY hat, standing up for a dog that stood tall at a time of the city's greatest need.
"My sentiments, exactly," Boyles said.
While German shepherds hadn't won a lot here, many of them were on the green carpet of the center ring in 2002 when Westminster honored search and rescue dogs for their tireless work at the World Trade Center and Pentagon following the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. The solemn tribute is considered by many the most cherished memory ever at Westminster.
"They're loyal, dependable dogs that you can count on," Boyles said.
Rumor nearly won Westminster last year. They came to town as the nation's No. 1 show dog with more than 100 overall ribbons but was beaten in a surprise by a German shorthaired pointer named CJ.
In fact, when the judge began to announce their champion pick with "German sh...," Boyles took a step forward, anticipating the prize.
"I was thinking," Boyles said.
That was supposed to be Rumor's last show, and they were set to head home with Boyles to Edgerton, Wisconsin, to be a house pet and have puppies. They didn't conceive and late in the year, Boyles thought twice about Rumor's retirement.
"She liked to show and was in good shape, so we thought, why not?" they said.
Rumor went back on the circuit in January for 10 shows. They won the herding group Monday night at the Garden, beating top show favorite Preston the puli.
They topped that with the ultimate win at America's most prestigious dog show, rewarding the faith German shepherd fans always show in them.
"It's a recognizable dog, people have liked them for a long, long time," WKC President Sean McCarthy said earlier. "I think it goes back to Rin Tin Tin."
___
AP freelance writer Ginger Tidwell contributed to this report.
Former Luton defender Scott Cuthbert has signed for League Two Stevenage on a two year deal.
The 30-year-old was released by Hatters boss Nathan Jones recently, ending their three year stint at Kenilworth Road and has opted to make the Lamex Stadium their new home.
Speaking to the club's official website about their decision to remain in League Two, Cuthbert said: "I am really looking forward to it. It's always a tense summer when you're without a club, but I met the manager (Dino Maamria) a few weeks ago and I was really impressed by the set up of the training ground, really impressed with the plans that he's got for the future with the team.
"I was fortunate after leaving Luton that I had a little bit of interest in this division and League One as well. I think it's important that you talk to all the managers and get a feel for the club and the way they want to go, move forward and certainly the gaffer here was very enthusiastic about the place.
"He obviously knows the club inside out with their history here. The way they want to play and the way they wanted me to be part of the team and showed that real intent to come and get me and be part of their plan, for a player that's always great, so I'd say that's the one thing that stands out for me."
Having played 111 times for Luton, including 25 matches in this season's promotion to League One, and over 350 games during their career, Cuthbert believe their knowledge will be vital for their new side, as they continued: "When you're in League Two, it's a real tough division. Every game it's intense as anything, Saturday, Tuesday, long trips away on a Tuesday night and you need that experience in your team.,
"I know there's a little bit of experience and I feel that I can add to that as well, especially captaining Luton to promotion last year out of this division, it certainly helps and that will be one of the reasons I'm here I'm sure."
Cuthbert joins up with a number of ex-Hatters currently at Stevenage and a few of their former team-mates as well, adding: "I've played with Alex Revell, twice at Swindon and Leyton Orient, I've played with Jamal Campbell-Ryce a little bit, Jonathan Smith, Luke Wilkinson.
"So I certainly know a couple of the lads which is always nice when you're joining a new team, you've got a few familiar faces to help you settle in for the first couple of weeks."
* RBC CEO says single solution unlikely to be successful
* RBC CEO calls for co-ordinated intervention
* RBC CEO defends sales practices following media reports (Adds comments by RBC CEO)
By Matt Scuffham
TORONTO, April 6 Royal Bank of Canada Chief Executive Officer Dave McKay warned on Thursday that overheating housing markets could inhibit Canada's economic growth, and they urged the federal and provincial governments to work together to address the issue.
Toronto home sales and prices surged in March, an industry report showed on Wednesday, fueling fears of a real estate bubble in Canada's largest city and raising expectations that the province of Ontario would soon act to cool the market.
British Columbia enacted a 15 percent tax on foreign buyers last year, and some economists have suggested that similar measures may be necessary in Ontario.
"Any single solution is unlikely to be successful on its own," McKay said at RBC's annual meeting.
"A complex problem like this requires a multi-faceted solution, which addresses supply constraints and speculative forces and is mindful of the rate environment, which can be a moderating force."
With even mainstream Canadian economists calling the Toronto market a bubble and Finance Minister Bill Morneau saying national policies are not the best tool to tackle a local problem, the pressure is now on Ontario.
"We would welcome any effort by the three levels of government to coordinate their interventions, and to do so reasonably quickly," McKay said.
Owning a home has become "a distant dream" for many Canadians, particularly in Toronto and Vancouver, they said, citing "persistent" supply-and-demand imbalances in those areas as well as low interest rates and speculative activity.
"All of these factors are mixing to push prices up to unsustainable levels, stressing household balance sheets and locking many people out of the housing market," they said.
McKay defended the bank's sales practices following media reports that staffers, pressured to meet targets, had opened accounts for consumers without their consent.
"The media reports over the last few weeks characterize an environment that is not consistent with our experience, our culture, or our values," they said. "It is not the RBC that I know, that our clients know, or that I have grown up with for nearly three decades."
Canada's financial watchdog is investigating sales practices at the country's banks and expects to conclude its probe by the end of the year.
McKay said that of the 2.4 million accounts RBC opened last year, fewer than 0.05 percent of customers raised concerns about the way theirs were opened. (Reporting by Matt Scuffham; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Lisa Von Ahn)
SAN FRANCISCO: Google parent Alphabet reported a surge in quarterly profits Monday, lifted by strong growth in the digital advertising segment it dominates along with Facebook.
Profit in the first three months of 2018 soared more than 70 percent from a year ago to $9.4 billion, Alphabet said in an earnings report that was well above forecasts.
Revenue at the California-based internet giant during the first three months of this year was $31.1 billion, up 26 percent from the same period last year.
Alphabet shares slipped slightly in after-market trades that followed release of the earnings report, evidently on investor concerns about growing costs.
“The all-important advertising revenues came in ahead of Street expectations although the bulls were hoping for a bigger beat,” GBH Insights head of technology research Daniel Ives said in an analyst note.
“While fundamental worries coupled by regulatory black clouds continue to be overhangs on the name, we believe 1Q advertising and ‘bread and butter' search revenues were healthy and a good barometer of potential strength heading into the rest of 2018.”
The first-quarter profit included one-time gains of $3 billion on its equity investments, believed to have come mainly from a rise in the value of its stake in leading smartphone-summoned ride service Uber.
Raising ‘other bets'
Revenues from its “other bets,” which include the self-driving car unit Waymo and life sciences firm Verily, amounted to $150 million from $132 million.
“We have a clear set of exciting opportunities ahead, and our strong growth enables us to invest in them with confidence,” said Alphabet chief financial officer Ruth Porat.
They noted that high-speed cable internet unit Fiber and Verily were mostly responsible for the money taken in by “big bets.”
Alphabet plans to keep up investment in new areas its core search service, as well as keep pumping money into undersea data cables, artificial intelligence, data centers and its line of consumer electronics devices including Pixel smartphones.
Google chief executive Sundar Pichai said that they will share what the company is “up to next” at its annual developers conference in Silicon Valley next month.
Bright spots at Alphabet included YouTube, where executives are focusing on original video content and live streaming to mobile devices in the competitive market.
Early this month, an Iran-born animal rights activist with a vendetta against the company shot three people before killing themselves at YouTube's California headquarters.
“It's been a particularly tough few weeks for the Google family, especially at YouTube,” Pichai said.
“I'm so proud of the resilience that our employees shown and I'm so grateful for the support we've got across our industry and from the community.”
During the past year, the number of YouTube channels making more than $100,000 has grown by 40 percent, according to Pichai.
While investing in content such as a hit live stream of Beyonce at Coachella music festival, Google is also working to filter out content that violates its policies, they added.
“We also changed our monetization requirements to better identify creators who contribute positively to the community and drive more ad revenue to them,” Pichai said.
EU data privacy rules
Google said it is collaborating with regulators in Europe to comply with the EU's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which becomes effective May 25.
“We started working on GDPR compliance over 18 months ago and have been very, very engaged on it,” Pichai said.
“It's really important and we care about getting it right.”
Google is also working with publishers and advertisers to get in tune with the EU privacy law.
Alphabet is the first major Silicon Valley firm to report first-quarter earnings, and the report comes amid heightened concerns over how private user data is protected in light of the hijacking of data on millions of Facebook users.
* Whitehaven says coking coal prices to stay high for months
* Company was not affected by Cyclone Debbie
* Looking to boost sales as some exporters face stalled operations (Adds background)
SYDNEY, April 13 Australia's Whitehaven Coal Ltd said on Thursday that coking coal prices would remain high for months as supply disruptions since Cyclone Debbie damaged train lines and interrupted exports reverberate through markets.
Whitehaven, whose mines about 1,300 km (800 miles) south of the cyclone's path have been unaffected by the rail stoppages, also plans to boost its own coking coal sales next quarter as exporters further north grapple with stalled operations.
Five miners in the cyclone-hit region, including BHP Billiton and Glencore have declared force majeure - a clause typically invoked after natural disasters - since multiple landslides and flooding knocked out major coal rail networks.
Railway operator Aurizon is gradually returning some tracks to service. Its Blackwater line resumed operations on Monday and its Newlands line is expected to open on Thursday.
However, with the busiest Goonyella line further north closed until May, the disruption caused by the cyclone could lead to the potential loss of 15 million tonnes of coking and thermal coal exports from Australia, Whitehaven said in a statement on Thursday.
"This loss of exports is likely to be positive for coal prices until normal production and shipments resume and any contract delivery shortfall recovered, which could take some months," the company said.
Coking coal prices this month posted the biggest one-day surge on record as the rail outages blocked up to half the world's export shipments.
Spot prices on the Dalian Commodity Exchange, jumped more than 7 percent and Australian coking coal futures on the Singapore Exchange leapt 43 percent on news of the disruptions.
Whitehaven said customer requests for coking coal "increased substantially" since the storm and that the company expected to boost coking coal sales next quarter.
Whitehaven said it produced 5.7 million tonnes of coal for the quarter and affirmed its full-year production guidance of 21 to 22 million tonnes. (Reporting by Tom Westbrook; Editing by Eric Meijer and Joseph Radford)
TOKYO, April 20 Japan's Sawai Pharmaceutical Co Ltd said on Thursday it would buy U.S. generic drugmaker Upsher-Smith Laboratories Inc for $1.05 billion in its first overseas acquisition.
Sawai, an Osaka-based generic drugmaker, said it would buy the company from the founding family to expand its presence in the United States, the world's largest drug market.
Sawai plans to complete the deal by the end of June. The acquisition will not affect its earnings forecast for the year ended March, Sawai said. (Reporting by Chris Gallagher and Junko Fujita)
Terry Gou, chairperson of Hon Hai Precision Industry, better known as Foxconn, attends the Cancer Moonshot news conference in Taipei, Taiwan September 26, 2016. REUTERS/Tyrone Siu
WASHINGTON Foxconn, the world's largest contract electronic manufacturer and a major Apple Inc (AAPL.O) supplier, is planning an investment in the United States but has not finalized its plans, said Chairman Terry Gou as they exited the White House on Friday.
Formally known as Hon Hai Precision Industry Co (2317.TW), Foxconn operates large manufacturing facilities in China, which is a base for its assembly of Apple's iPhones.
(Reporting by Ginger Gibson and Ayesha Rascoe; Additional report by Gui Qing Koh in New York; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh)
(Adds details on filing, analyst comment, creditor reaction)
By Nick Brown
May 3 Puerto Rico announced a historic restructuring of its public debt on Wednesday, touching off what may be the biggest bankruptcy ever in the $3.8 trillion U.S. municipal bond market.
While it was not immediately clear just how much of Puerto Rico's $70 billion of debt would be included in the bankruptcy filing, the case is sure to dwarf Detroit's insolvency in 2013.
The move comes a day after several major creditors sued Puerto Rico over defaults its bonds.
Bankruptcy may not immediately change the day-to-day lives of Puerto Rico's people, 45 percent of whom live in poverty, but it may lead to future cuts in pensions and worker benefits, and possibly a reduction in health and education services.
The island's economy has been in recession for nearly 10 years, with an unemployment rate of about 11.0 percent, and the population has fallen by about 10 percent in the past decade.
The bankruptcy process will also give Puerto Rico the legal ability to impose drastic discounts on creditor recoveries, but could also spook investors and prolong the island's lack of access to debt markets.
BANKRUPTCY UNDER PROMESA LAW
The debt restructuring petition was filed by Puerto Rico's financial oversight board in the U.S. District Court in Puerto Rico on Wednesday, and was made under Title III of last year's U.S. Congressional rescue law known as PROMESA.
The Title III provision allows for a court debt restructuring process akin to U.S. bankruptcy protection. Puerto Rico is barred from a traditional municipal bankruptcy protection under Chapter 9 of the U.S. code.
The filing includes only Puerto Rico's central government, which owes some $18 billion in debt backed by the island's constitution.
On paper, it does not include $17 billion of sales tax-backed debt, known as COFINA debt, or debt from other agencies.
But those debts are likely to be pulled into the bankruptcy, or included in separate bankruptcy proceedings in coming days, Elias Sanchez, an adviser to Governor Ricardo Rossello, told Reuters on Wednesday.
Puerto Rico's massive pension debts will also likely get restructured in the bankruptcy.
"Title III was especially compelled by the commonwealth's need to restructure $49 billion of pension liabilities," the oversight board said in Wednesday's filing.
BIGGER BANKRUPTCY THAN DETROIT
The previous largest U.S. public bankruptcy, Detroit's in 2013, covered some $18 billion in debt. The city was able to reach an agreed debt restructuring with stakeholders, in part by soliciting huge contributions from philanthropic foundations so it did not need to sell the city's art collection.
But "unlike Detroit, there isn't billions of unencumbered artwork to fund a restructuring" in Puerto Rico, said David Tawil, whose fund, Maglan Capital, held Puerto Rico general obligation debt but has since sold it.
The legal proceeding does not mean negotiations toward a compromise must stop, Governor Rossello said in a statement on Wednesday.
"It is my hope that the Government's Title III proceedings will accelerate the negotiation process," the governor said in the statement.
Rossello's fiscal plan for the island, approved by the oversight board in March, forecasts Puerto Rico having only $800 million a year to pay debt, less than a quarter of what it owes. The low figure alienated creditors and negotiations toward an out-of-court restructuring foundered.
Andrew Rosenberg, a lawyer for the general obligation bondholders, criticized the Title III filing, saying in a statement a consensual deal could have been reached.
"Just as a deal was within reach [on Tuesday], we understand that the oversight board intervened to block it," Rosenberg said in a statement. "For months, the oversight board has made every effort to sabotage consensual negotiations."
Francisco Cimadevilla, a spokesperson for the board, denied the allegation, saying in an interview, "I can understand that might be a narrative on the other side, but it's just not the case."
Conversely, Susheel Kirpalani, a lawyer for COFINA bondholders, called bankruptcy "sound public policy," saying in a statement it "enables Puerto Rico to freeze numerous lawsuits" and "maintain essential services."
Analysts and experts agreed the case is likely to take time.
"It will be an orderly process that should be better for creditors in the aggregate than a chaotic and uncertain period involving proliferating lawsuits," said Moody's Investor Services analyst Ted Hampton.
Some expect creditors to challenge the filing, arguing the board did not meet requirements under PROMESA to conduct good faith negotiations out of court.
"We would agree there is a case to be made here," said Keefe Bruyette & Woods analyst Chas Tyson, who follows Puerto Rico. (Writing by Nick Brown; Additional reporting by Jonathan Stempel; editing by Clive McKeef)
Restoring a car may be a difficult project for beginners. Even basic car restoration requires a large amount of space, a selection of screwdrivers, pliers, and other tools, a small air compressor, welders, and a floor jack. With all of these necessary components, car owners with little to no experience may end up disappointed.
But @ The Car Wash (https://the-car-wash.com/) offers both single services and full services for basic car restoration, detailing, window tinting, and car wash. They provide quality service with cutting-edge technology and schedule personalized appointments. @ The Car Wash can quickly take care of everything between damaged headlights, sticky adhesive removal, and thorough interior cleaning.
Services
For basic restoration, @ The Car Wash can completely restore headlights to peak condition making the lights clearer and getting rid of any dim lights. A pair of headlights costs only $65 compared to the average price of professional restoration at $75-100 per set. Although some claim that using household products to restore headlights is the most cost-efficient, this can damage the light further if these methods are used incorrectly. @ The Car Wash offers a professional restoration between the cost of using household products, which is about $30-40, and the cost in comparison to other companies.
In addition to headlight restoration, @ The Car Wash offers adhesive removal including decals, labels, and stickers. Additionally, they can deliver artillery fungus removal and water spot treatment at flexible pricing. Other restorative services like polishing and cleaning covers chrome polishing, wheel/rim cleaning, and engine cleaning for pricing based on the condition of the car. @ The Car Wash also offers a paint correction package for the entire car with prices starting at $225. Compared to the average cost of a high-quality paint job that ranges from $300 to $900, @ The Car Wash ensures quality service for much less.
In addition to their restoration package, @ The Car Wash supplies great deals on exterior detail. According to Costhelper, the average price of a basic hand-wash with interior cleaning is around $20-150. This company offers a hand wash for a total of $34.95 with the use of find soap and microfiber towels. @ The Car Wash offers a wax option for $74.95 or a clay bar and wax for $109.95. With these deals on car interior washing, @ The Car Wash is the cost-efficient option.
Contact
@ The Car Wash
1711 Carl D. Silver Pkwy
Fredericksburg, VA 22401
Phone: (540) 786-5959
PARIS — The Canadian contingent is the men's singles draw at the French Open is down to one.
Peter Polansky of Thornhill, Ont., lost 6-3, 4-6, 6-2, 6-2 to Pierre-Hughes Herbert of France in a first-round match that concluded on Wednesday. Rain suspended the match after two sets on Tuesday.
The loss leaves No. 24 seed Denis Shapovalov of Richmond Hill, Ont., as the lone remaining Canadian in singles. The 19-year-old faces Maximilian Marterer in a second-round match on Wednesday.
Meanwhile, Gabriela Dabrowski of Ottawa is off to a winning start in doubles. The fifth-seeded team of Dabrowski and Yifan Xu of China downed Tessah Andrianjafitrimo and Fiona Ferro of France 6-3, 6-1 in a first-round match on Wednesday.
LONDON May 3 This year's Wimbledon singles tennis champions will receive 2.2 million pounds ($2.84 million) each – a hike of 200,000 pounds for both the men's and women's winner, organisers said on Wednesday.
Tournament chiefs unveiled the boosted winners cheques among an increased total prize pot of 31.6 million pounds, up from 28.1 million pounds for the previous year.
The bigger pot benefits players throughout the draw, with first round singles losers set to walk away from the England Club with 35,000 pounds.
The grasscourt grand slam tournament takes place on the fringes of south-west London from July 3-16: the latest start for the tournament since 1895. ($1 = 0.7741 pounds) (Editing by Alan Baldwin)
The legal battle between Taylor Swift and former Denver country radio DJ David Mueller is over.
Related: Taylor Swift Takes Stand in Trial Vs Former Denver DJ
A jury ruled in Swift's favor awarding them the symbolic $1 they were countersuing for, according to CNN.
In a statement Swift wrote:
I want to thank Judge William J. Martinez and the jury for their careful consideration, my attorneys Doug Baldridge, Danielle Foley, Jay Schaudies and Katie Wright for fighting for me and anyone who feels silenced by a sexual assault, and especially anyone who offered their support throughout this four-year ordeal and two-year long trial process.
I acknowledge the privilege that I benefit from in life, in society and in my ability to shoulder the enormous cost of defending myself in a trial like this. My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard. Therefore, I will be making donations in the near future to multiple organizations that help sexual assault victims defend themselves.
The jury also found the singer's mother, Andrea Swift, and manager Frank Bell not liable for tortious interference.
Governor Bill Walker cites contributions by Jonathan Blattmachr
Alaska Governor's Letter to Jonathan Blatmachr
Media Contact
InterActive Legal
Matthew Tove- Dir. Marketing/Sales
(321) 252-0100
***@interactivelegal.com InterActive LegalMatthew Tove- Dir. Marketing/Sales(321) 252-0100
End
-- InterActive Legal founding partner, Jonathan Blattmachr (https://interactivelegal.com/aboutUs-Jonathan-Blattmachr.php)has been recognized by Alaska Governor Bill Walker for contributions to that state's vibrant trust and estate industry. Mr. Blattmachr, who is Editor-in-Chief & Co-Author of Wealth Transfer Planning™, the flagship software solution for trusts and estates attorneys offered by InterActive Legal (http://www.interactivelegal.com/), received a surprise letter from the Alaska Governor just days ago. In it, the Governor lauds Mr. Blattmachr for their expertise in assisting with legislation responsible for the Alaska Trust Act, which is celebrating its 20-year anniversary.the Governor wrote.The Alaska Governor's letter pays homage to Mr. Blattmachr's career devotion to the trusts and estates industry, where Mr. Blattmachr has become a nationwide household name for their achievements as a niche expert. The same dedication and expertise are found in the language contained in the automated documents used by subscribers to InterActive Legal, the company that Mr. Blattmachr co-founded with Texas estate planning attorney, Michael L. Graham.InterActive Legal ( https://interactivelegal.com/ index.php ), headquartered in Melbourne, FL is a leading provider of software solutions and practice development initiatives to the estate planning, elder law, and special needs planning legal community nationwide. InterActive Legal's automated document drafting suites ( https://vimeo.com/ 193940351 ) helps legal practitioners in this arena make quantum gains in efficiencies and accuracy, thus enabling them to better represent the needs of their clients.
NAIROBI (Reuters) - Kenya on Friday defied a court order to lift a ban on three private television stations and briefly detained an opposition politician, deepening a crisis sparked by a disputed presidential election.
The media crackdown, criticised by the United Nations, the United States and former colonial power Britain, could set up a showdown between the judiciary and the executive next week.
On Tuesday, opposition leader Raila Odinga symbolically inaugurated themselves as president in a direct challenge to President Uhuru Kenyatta. The government responded by shutting down three television channels planning to stream the event.
On Thursday, activist Okiya Omtatah won a court order saying the channels should be reopened. But when they tried to serve it to Kenya's communications authority on Friday, they refused to receive it. Other officials given the order ignored it.
If the government continues to defy the courts, it could spark a confrontation with a newly-confident judiciary, said Murithi Mutiga, senior analyst with International Crisis Group.
The Supreme Court infuriated Kenyatta last year when it found irregularities in the August presidential election and annulled their victory.
The court ordered a re-run. Odinga boycotted the repeat poll in October, saying the process was rigged, and Kenyatta won with 98 percent of the vote. This time, legal challenges were thrown out.
TEST OF THE CONSTITUTION
“Next week will be a litmus test for the constitution,” said Mutiga. “If the government does not comply with a court order that is so clear, it will raise questions as to the wider rule of law.”
Omtatah, the activist, said men in dark suits who said they were police but refused to provide identification had detained a courier they sent to deliver the judgment to Kenya's communications authority.
“They released them at 10 with a stern warning not to come back,” they told Reuters by phone “I have come here myself, but I am being been denied access.”
They pasted the order on the gate of the authority, but the men tore it down, they said.
Kenyan opposition leader Raila Odinga of the National Super Alliance (NASA) holds a bible as they take a symbolic presidential oath of office in Nairobi, Kenya January 30, 2018. REUTERS/Baz Ratner
The court order was also published in Friday's edition of the Standard newspaper, one of Kenya's largest dailies. Omtatah said they had also delivered it to the internal security minister, attorney general and information minister.
“I am insisting on delivering this order,” they said.
Omtatah said they would return to court on Monday. Government officials refused to comment on whether they would appeal.
The office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights in Geneva said it was concerned at the government's “attempts to interfere with the rights to freedom of expression”.
A supporter of Kenyan opposition leader Raila Odinga of the National Super Alliance (NASA) coalition jumps from a bus after riot police fired teargas canisters to disperse them after their swearing-in ceremony in Nairobi, Kenya, January 30, 2018. REUTERS/Isaac Biosse
OPPOSITION LEADER DETAINED
Also on Friday, firebrand opposition politician Miguna Miguna was detained in a dawn raid on their Nairobi home and later released on bail of 50,000 Kenyan shillings ($500), their lawyer Nelson Havi told Reuters.
Miguna stood beside Odinga at Tuesday's rally and declared themselves the “general” of Odinga's National Resistance Movement, which authorities designated a “criminal group” this week because of its stated intent to establish a parallel government.
On Thursday another opposition leader who attended Tuesday's rally was arrested. They were also released on bail.
The arrests and broadcast bans have shocked Kenyans used to the freewheeling media and irreverent political culture that have taken root since the end of decades of autocratic rule in 2002.
The crackdown has focused attention on government censorship and away from the opposition's failure to release a promised statement outlining its next move.
Western diplomats say Odinga's inauguration event has caused splits within their own alliance and alienated the diplomatic community.
“So you inaugurate yourself - then what?” asked one. “It's a dead end - where do you go from there?”
(Repeats without change)
By James Saft
April 19 “Is this market a bubble?” and “Is my kid a genius?” are two questions which are asked far more often, and with less profit, than they should.
Financial advisors probably dread the asking of the one, just as much as teachers fear the other.
That's because both questions, when asked by the typical investor or parent, embed both a delusion of detective skill and a wrong-headed idea of the point of the exercise.
You will very likely not be able to work out the answer, and will be prone to make the wrong move even if you do.
Moreover, and this applies equally to bubble hunting or genius cultivating, you make the cardinal error of putting yourself firmly at the center of an operation in which you belong well on the periphery.
Your kid probably isn't a genius and won't be helped, and may well be hurt, by your interest in the matter.
The market probably isn't in a bubble and your consideration of the matter sets you on a path to do more harm then good.
“The bubbles that did not burst are just as important for investors to know about as the bubbles that did burst. Placing a large weight on avoiding a bubble, or misunderstanding the frequency of a crash following a boom, is dangerous for the long-term investor because it forgoes the equity risk premium,” Yale finance professor William Goetzmann wrote last year in a study of bubbles in financial history. ( here )
“In simple terms, bubbles are booms that went bad but not all booms are bad.”
What Goetzmann found is that booms are more likely to be followed by another boom than by a bust.
Looking at 21 national stock markets since 1900, 14 percent of the time stocks doubled in real terms over a three year period, or what we might call a boom.
Subsequent to these markets which doubled halved 3.37 percent of the time in the following year but doubled again 8.37 percent of the time.
Stretch that out to five years and post-boom markets double again a bit less than 50 percent of the time but only halve about 8.0 percent of the time.
Get out after a boom and you are more likely to miss another boom than a bust.
Clearly, unless you are exceptionally good at bubble detecting you are playing with fire in attempting to pick them out.
FOREVER BLOWING BUBBLES
Of course bubbles, those artificial and unsustainable increases in asset prices, like geniuses, exist and of course they make a big impression when they come around.
Bubbles happen for a complex and fascinating set of reasons.
A short list of causes would need to include human psychology and the fear of missing out, monetary policy and its late tendency to see asset price rises as a means to achieve aims previously met by genuine innovation and fiscal policy.
It is also true that the fact that we benchmark the managers we hire to steer our mutual and pension funds means they have an in-built motivation to chase irrational market valuations higher. If they sit out bubbles they are more likely to get fired.
That helps to drive both genuine booms and bubbles alike. The person who can determine which is which, especially the person who is simply managing their own retirement or long-term savings risk, is a rare bird and unaccountably in the wrong job.
So, sure, an optimum execution of investment would avoid bubbles, but a typical investors' main risk isn't that they might be subject to a downdraft but that they, in seeking shelter, may miss out on equity gains while doing so.
Investors, like parents, should aim to do reasonably well and act cautiously, and with a proper respect for how little they know about the future and what will be for the best.
Exceptional phenomena, like crashes or child geniuses are just that, exceptional, and best left to worry about themselves.
Bubbles, therefore, are a problem, but one which individuals are in a very poor position to mitigate. policymakers should worry about bubbles, which can be more destructive to human and economic capital then they tend to be to portfolios.
Better fund management incentive systems and more symmetrical monetary policy around potential market bubbles would be a good thing.
You, on the other hand, are more than likely to do yourself, and your portfolio, damage by trying to time bubbles (James Saft)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
An Afghan official says that at least one police officer has been killed by a roadside bomb in eastern Logar province.
Salim Saleh, spokesperson for the provincial governor in Logar, said Monday that four other people including a district police commander and three road construction engineers were wounded in the blast.
Meanwhile at least six people were wounded in another explosion near the western city of Herat Sunday evening.
No group has yet claimed responsibility for the attacks in Logar and Herat provinces.
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
The Horizons Region and Manawatu District councils want government to take more action on the contamination of groundwater by firefighting chemicals around Ohakea air base.
Government ministers were scheduled to meet on February 2 to work through the "cascading" issues, Health Minister David Parker said.
The contamination was announced in December, and since then 23 properties there have been sampled. Five have groundwater used for drinking that contains chemical levels that exceed drinking water guidelines.
One of those, currently unoccupied, belongs to Rangitikei MP Ian McKelvie.
Advertisement
Manawatu Mayor Helen Worboys has talked to those affected. They told them the information they are getting is inconsistent and unclear.
"In addition to water use, residents have concerns about the future of their farms, and are asking for further testing of the soil. Those on untested neighbouring properties are also concerned," Ms Worboys said.
They were told of headaches, illness and animals performing poorly. They have talked to the Minister for the Environment about the matter.
Horizons Regional Council learned of the contamination in December, chief executive Michael McCartney said. It has provided technical information on ground and surface water, and will continue to do so.
They were concerned about the many unknowns, and urged government to sample more widely, even on the southern side of the Rangitikei River and in Sanson and Bulls. It should also ensure the health of the residents, they said.
They have rung the Defence Minister to raise concerns, and said Horizons is formally investigating the contamination. They can't comment on the investigation or its possible outcomes until it is over.
Officials from the councils, government and Air Force were to meet on February 2 to talk about what to do next.
"The councils are correct to be concerned for the interests of their ratepayers and people and to be making sure central government are moving through these issues as quickly as possible," Health Minister David Parker said.
The response to the issue had started with drinking water.
"Today I have asked for a draft list of those further 'cascading' issues for discussions with the mayors, including indications of dates and who is responsible.
"I want to have that information to farmers and others affected as soon as possible."
Gail Mabalane is a singer and actor best known as one of the Top 14 finalists on the sixth season of the M-Net reality competition Idols SA.
In 2001 they made the Top 5 of Miss Teen SA. Later in life they became a Kaizer Chiefs cheerleader for a brief time, and currently they run their own events management company.
Married to “Bouga Luv”, the couple have a baby together.
The sexy mama is our style star for the week. Here's why:
😍 #CollectivCulture by @tn_collectiv 📸 @accordingtojerri A photo posted by née Nkoane (@gail_mabalane) on Aug 19, 2016 at 6:35am PDT
#CollectivCulture by @tn_collectiv 📸 @accordingtojerri 💐 A photo posted by née Nkoane (@gail_mabalane) on Aug 16, 2016 at 5:51am PDT
British retailer Dunelm Group Plc (DNLM.L) said the market for homewares continues to weaken as it reported a 2.2 percent fall in total comparable sales for the third quarter.
Dunelm, which sells cushions, bedding and kitchen equipment, said that total third quarter revenue rose 11.4 percent to 255.1 million pounds, but warned that the retail environment was volatile.
Shares in the company were up 2 percent at 0709 GMT, making them one of the top three gainers on FTSE mid cap .FTMC index.
The company, which currently operates 163 stores, said it expects 1.5 percent of like-for-like sales from the third quarter to move to the fourth, citing a late Easter this year.
Dunelm had previously warned that it would increase prices on a number of products in the coming months to offset the impact of a weak pound.
(Reporting by Rahul B in Bengaluru, editing by Louise Heavens)
One of the potentially biggest moves this decade for Windows is the platform's move to include ARM as well as x86 support. This joint project by Microsoft and Qualcomm could be fascinating and very successful if done right — and another Windows RT if the execution is lacking. [Disclosure: Both Qualcomm and Microsoft are clients of the author] Interestingly, with the iPad Pro, Apple has shown that the market for this product exists, and that product is likely the primary competitor for what will result.
Hardware is due in 2018, so we have plenty of time to look at the promise and potential problems with Windows on Snapdragon.
Windows RT
Windows RT was Microsoft's first effort on ARM. It was positioned against the iPad back when it looked like that product was going to wipe out laptops. So right from the start, the concept was based on a false assumption.
In many ways Windows RT repeated the mistake Microsoft made with Zune and, in fact, it was an almost identical scenario given the iPad was basically just a big iPod Touch.
In both cases the strategy Microsoft needed to execute was one they had created and used successfully against the Apple Mac — embrace, extend, extinguish. But in both cases, they failed to embrace, extend or extinguish...though Zune was better than RT in the embrace part since it also predominantly did music. RT didn't cover a significant amount of the iPad's apps or functionality and the effort failed.
iPad Pro
There was clearly a Microsoft opportunity, however, because a significant number of early iPad users wanted to use their iPads like laptops, and the clear majority of efforts ended badly. So, an iPad-like device but one that functioned more like a laptop was a clear need. In talking to these folks, what they wanted was a laptop that was as light and long-lasting (cell phone-like battery life) with full laptop performance.
Windows RT wasn't that either, but Apple created the iPad Pro — and, in a way, it missed the opportunity almost as badly as Windows RT did. Because users weren't saying they wanted a bigger iPad, they wanted something closer to a true laptop that was iPad-like. A closer offering might have been a Mac in an iPad Pro configuration but Apple didn't want to do that, and their current strategy appears to be to eventually put the Mac onto iOS. Which will likely break their Mac customer base, much of which does photo and video editing on the platform, and is more performance oriented than iOS or ARM can support.
Effectively both Apple and Microsoft misread the opportunity that both also clearly saw, leaving folks with this need for a laptop-like product with cell phone-like capability unmet.
Windows On Snapdragon
So, Microsoft and Qualcomm are going to make another run at this. Let's be clear: this won't be a laptop killer. But it could be an iPad Pro killer if Apple doesn't adjust their product sharply (and they must see this thing coming).
This means the product must — and currently does — support full Windows. It must have cell phone-like battery life — which it will. But it also must be design-forward, and that means it must be sexy (iPads were design-forward devices, for instance).
The price envelope is likely at or below that of an iPad Pro, given that is the target. And, fortunately, given the growth in size for iPhones, it doesn't necessary have to embrace iPad/iPhone apps — because users tend to run these apps on their phones now. Two apps that may be exceptions? The Amazon Kindle Reader, and the Netflix movie player.
In addition, it will need to support with a “trust zone” (which it also will have) secure HD movie downloads from services like Amazon Prime (something that x86 laptops don't support yet).
Since this really isn't an iPad or a notebook, but more of a blend tightly targeted at users who value mobility over performance, shelving this product near either of the other two categories will be problematic. It will need to be presented as something very different, so that it's considered on its merits and not — like RT and Zune were — for its shortcomings.
Ironically, Steve Jobs showcased how this could be done with the iPad launch, which could have been a crippled Windows tablet or an overweight iPod, but instead was something different and amazing.
Connectivity wild card
One new aspect of Windows on Snapdragon is always-on connectivity. This hasn't been a very popular feature in laptops — less than 10% boast this feature, and even less use it. Users that have turned it on, however, could be another segment that might prefer a more smartphone-like product, as they clearly place higher value on this kind of connectivity.
In addition, having an always-on connection means that things that often don't happen in a timely manner on a laptop — such as updates or file syncing when the laptop isn't being used — will provide a much less disruptive experience than more traditional platforms. And given a smartphone is always on, doesn't hibernate or suspend, the user's ability to rapidly get in and out of the product could be a killer feature for highly mobile workers. Particularly those in the military, petrochemical and field support roles. This suggests a hardened version of this thing could be incredibly popular.
The Microsoft that fielded Zune and Windows RT is a very different company than the web forward Microsoft of today, which has been executing at a far higher level. Qualcomm is new to this game, but if there's another company that knows more about smartphones, I'm not aware of them. The two firms together could certainly create an iPad killer. But while this is a very strong idea, it will need a very high level of execution — which is often had to find in even companies like Apple these days.
We are moving into a more cloud-centric, connected world. Regardless of whether it's successful, this offering will herald that connected future.
The only question remains is: will Qualcomm and Microsoft, coupled with the firms that build the hardware, execute to assure their platform builds that future? Or will we have to wait for Google or Apple to get it right. The new Google Pixelbook provides an excellent example of what is needed in hardware design and cloud/AI direction (though not software, battery life, or connection yet), suggesting the race has started for this new category, but no one is yet truly in the lead.
X
This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join?
April 12 Molecular Partners AG:
* Christian zahnd, co-founderand former CEO of company, has decided not to stand for re-election as member of board of directors at annual general meeting 2017 due to health reasons
* Christian Zahnd appointed as honorary chairperson of the board of directors Sources text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Even the strongest medication offered Sarah Ivens little relief from their crippling migraines. So they took matters into their own hands – and found a combination of cures to keep the pain at bay.
It's 4pm on a warm afternoon but I'm lying in bed shivering. I feel like my brain is being ripped up. I'm vomiting, I feel dizzy and I want to hide from light and sound. Even my teeth ache.
"Oh, I can tell it's your time of the month. Take a Nurofen while I take cover," my husband posits - the scared swerve I hear from them every month, as my hormones make me hostile and irritable. But today, I make it clear. "The pain is so bad that, if it wasn't for the kids, I'd choose to take a pill and never wake up," I say.
Migraines aren't just headaches, and they don't feel like a bad hangover - a misapprehension my husband was under until I spelt it out. They are much more extreme, depressing and debilitating.
It has been estimated by researchers at Medical News Today that 18 per cent of women will suffer from them at some point, triggered by both biological factors (fluctuating hormones) and psychosocial ones (stress, lack of sleep), often around their reproductive age.
As a 41-year-old with two young children (aged five and three), I am a classic menstrual migraine candidate.
Recently though, there was some hopeful news for women like me and other migraine sufferers - including Serena Williams, Janet Jackson and Elle Macpherson. Scientists at the National Institutes of Health in the United States have clinically proven for the first time that pre-menstrual tension (PMT) is a real condition, the result of a genetic predisposition to fluctuating hormones. The research also found that these yo-yoing brain chemicals cause problems so severe that one in 20 women needs antidepressants and often suffer headaches.
My first attack happened when my youngest child, Matilda, was 12 weeks old, and I have lived something of a half-life ever since. I'm perfectly fine for three weeks, but for the five days before my period, I live in shadows, functioning at minimum capacity. My cheekbones feel like they are being crushed under the weight of the pain, the right side of my skull chipped away at by axes. My children's happy chatter becomes totally torturous.
Twelve months ago, when the pain got so bad I thought I had a brain tumour, I went for an MRI scan, but there was officially nothing wrong with me. Doctors just upped my dosage of Sumatriptan, the standard painkiller for migraines.
Continued below.
Related Content Stem cell treatment gives sick Auckland mum hope What are 'coffee naps' and can they help you power through the day? Take extra care on roads thanks to Cyclone Cook, say police
Drugged, the migraines lessened slightly, but still continued. Then, on my 40th birthday, after a night of cocktails and celebrations, I had a vicious attack. I couldn't function or socialise with friends who'd flown in from around the world to be with me. At that point I knew I had to become my own advocate and began exploring alternative health therapies. Curing my migraines became my obsession.
My first step was to give up alcohol. I wasn't a big drinker, but booze is a common trigger. It wasn't hard to live without, but it didn't seem to help, either.
I began a strict caffeine regime: two cups every morning. Various medical studies have shown a link between caffeine and headache relief. Before a headache, blood vessels tend to enlarge, and coffee contains properties that restrict blood flow. But too much leaves me jumpy, and I miss out on much-needed sleep. This new regularity certainly improved the quality of my rest.
I also took melatonin and magnesium before bed. Melatonin, a hormone produced in the brain's pineal gland, helps to regulate sleep, and an imbalance has been linked to migraines, while low levels of magnesium are often found in sufferers. Early research shows that some people have reduced symptoms when taking them.
My period came and went and although I had a migraine for 48 hours, I didn't throw up and felt less hopeless. Perhaps this was a placebo effect, knowing I was fully cognitive of my condition and taking control - but even if it was, it spurred me on.
So the following month, I started Whole30, a healthy eating reset plan, which eliminates certain food groups from your diet that could have a negative impact on your body - such as dairy, sugar, grains and sulfites. For 30 days I lived on fresh fruit, salad, vegetables, eggs, nuts, chicken and tuna, and drank nothing but water and my two cups of morning coffee.
I started reintroducing food groups slowly - most without drama - until it came to sugar. Chocolate, sweets and biscuits caused a slump in mood and then the worst migraine of my life. Luckily, I was with my parents, so I had help with my children as I collapsed and began throwing up. Chocolate, according to one study of 500 migraine sufferers, is a trigger for 75 per cent of people - me among them.
Continuing to avoid chocolate, alcohol and an abundance of fake sugars, over the following months the migraines softened and the exhaustion that came with them lifted. But still they were there. And that familiar drilling sensation in my right temple still drove me to bed for days at a time.
In control of everything I was consuming, I started to explore alternative therapies. After a consultation with Leslie Shurbet, a reiki healer and aromatherapist, I incorporated deep-breathing techniques and essential oils into my nightly routine.
"Migraines can be triggered by stress, anxiety, sleep, specific foods, hormonal changes or weather fluctuations. Once you know your triggers, essential oils can help," Shurbet explained. "A natural remedy for migraines might include inhalation of peppermint, which is a natural analgesic and helps open airways to breathe easier. Or massaging it on your temples can stimulate blood flow.
"Lavender is a natural antihistamine, known to decrease anxiety. Holding a drop of frankincense essential oil to the roof of the mouth can also help ease pain. It's a natural anti-inflammatory, with many of the same properties that are in over-the-counter painkillers."
Shurbet suggested an essential oil blend that included lavender and chamomile, to reduce nervous tension. I rubbed them on my abdomen during my menstrual cycle, and on my temples during a headache, and the smell and the ritual of applying them alone lifted my spirits and seemed to lessen the pain.
MeriJayd O'Connor, a craniosacral therapist and masseur, agrees that when it comes to migraines, there's no one-size-fits-all cure. "Each person has a unique set of conditions inside the body and life situations that can manifest into migraines. It is important to look at diet, stress and coping habits - then also dive deeper into the body to look at what is restricted and what structures would function better if they enjoyed more movement," they explained.
Craniosacral therapy, which uses gentle touch to manipulate the body, does exactly that. "Craniosacral therapy improves the circulation of cerebrospinal fluid and movement of fascia, the sheath of fibrous tissue that encloses the muscle. It also greatly benefits the central nervous system, which controls every system in the body from hormones to muscles," O'Connor explained.
I headed for a treatment three months ago. Far from being painful, I nearly dozed off. It didn't wipe out my symptoms completely but I found was able to join in with my children's One Direction warbling on the way to and from school, rather than demanding we travel in silence.
Eight weeks ago, with my symptoms more in control than ever, I'd accepted I had nothing more to try, when a friend suggested I keep a diary. I started chronicling every change I felt in the run-up to my difficult week. And with this simple ritual, I am able to prepare myself.
I avoid social media as soon as the first symptoms hit. I say no to any extracurricular activities that aren't crucial to me or my children's welfare. I force myself to get eight hours of sleep. And my husband takes over the children's bedtime so I can take daily baths.
With this combination of prescription drugs, nutrition, alternative therapies and self-care, I have found an equilibrium and have won back the week of the month I was losing. I am still scared of my how my head can make me feel, but I now know how to give myself the best chance of survival.
Five top tips for beating migraines
1 Rubbing tiger balm around my hairline before a nap. The heat feels great and the smell clears the head.
2 Munching on a bowl of cherries. The sweetness gives me a boost, and they are packed with compounds called anthocyanins, that block inflammation and inhibit pain enzymes.
3 Soaking in an Epsom-salt-and- ginger bath for 40 minutes - with candles and silence.
4 Freshening up with a powerful shower. Exfoliating and washing my hair with pungent peppermint products shrugs off sluggishness.
5 Taking a five-minute walk to pick up my favourite coffee. Caffeine narrows the dilated blood vessels that develop with headaches.
- Daily Telegraph UK
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
U.S. President Donald Trump's nomination of their presidential physician, Ronny Jackson, to head the Veterans Affairs department ran into trouble on Tuesday when a Senate committee delayed their confirmation in light of “new information” it had received.
“We will continue looking into these serious allegations and have requested additional information from the White House to enable the committee to conduct a full review,” Republican Johnny Isakson, the chairperson of the Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs, and Democrat Jon Tester, the panel's ranking member, said in a joint statement.
The New York Times, citing unnamed officials, reported on Tuesday that the committee, which had planned to hold a nomination hearing on Wednesday, was examining allegations that Jackson oversaw a hostile work environment as White House physician and allowed the overprescribing of drugs.
Trump chose Jackson last month ago to replace David Shulkin at the VA after an official report found that Shulkin improperly accepted tickets to the Wimbledon tennis tournament and their chief of staff made false statements so Shulkin's wife could travel at government expense.
But questions about Jackson's level of experience to head a large bureaucracy weighed on their nomination before allegations surfaced in the New York Times of improper conduct.
Jackson, a U.S. Navy rear admiral, has worked as a presidential physician since the George W. Bush administration, and has been the lead doctor monitoring Trump's health since Trump became president.
White House spokesperson Hogan Gidley defended Jackson, saying they had a “record of strong, decisive leadership” and that is what is needed at the veterans agency.
A White House official said the allegations raised against Jackson are unfair and “don't appear to pass the smell test.”
The official said there will be a discussion among senior officials on possible next steps in the nomination strategy, such as putting pressure on senators to back Jackson.
“At this stage I think we're full steam ahead,” the official said, adding that the future of the nomination could depend on whether Jackson has the stomach for a prolonged nomination fight.
Senator John Cornyn, the No. 2 Senate Republican, told reporters their first instinct was to support Trump's nominee.
But they added, ”I certainly support the committee's work to vet their background because we need to know the full picture,” Cornyn said.
Banner/Thumbnail Credits: REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson enter a hall during their meeting in Moscow, Russia, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov shakes hands with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson during their meeting in Moscow, Russia, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov shakes hands with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson during their meeting in Moscow, Russia, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson enter a hall during their meeting in Moscow, Russia, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
MOSCOW/WASHINGTON The presidents of the United States and Russia on Wednesday both presented souring views of the relationship between their two countries, exchanging sharp words as Moscow extended an icy welcome to the United States' top diplomat in a face-off over Syria.
Graphic - Battle for control of Syria: here
In Washington, President Donald Trump said the United States' relationship with Moscow "may be at an all-time low."
Trump's comments came after they made their biggest foreign policy decision of their new presidency last week, firing missiles at Syria to punish Moscow's ally for its suspected use of poison gas. Russia condemned the U.S. action.
Hours earlier on Wednesday, Russian President Vladimir Putin was equally pessimistic, saying in an interview broadcast on Russian television, "The level of trust on a working level, especially on the military level, has not improved but has rather deteriorated."
The rhetorical salvos came as U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson received an unusually hostile reception in Moscow, where any hope that the Trump administration would herald less confrontational relations was dashed in the week after the U.S. missile strike on Syria.
Tillerson met Putin in the Kremlin after talking to their Russian counterpart, Sergei Lavrov, for about three hours. The Kremlin had previously declined to confirm Putin would meet Tillerson, reflecting the renewed tensions.
Trump had frequently called during the 2016 U.S. presidential election campaign for warmer ties with Putin, despite criticism from lawmakers in their own Republican Party.
But the civil war in Syria has driven a wedge between Moscow and Washington, upending what many in Russia hoped would be a transformation in relations, which reached a post-Cold War low under Trump's predecessor, Barack Obama.
As Tillerson sat down for talks with Lavrov on Wednesday, a volley of statements, including from a senior Russian official, appeared timed to maximize the awkwardness during the first visit to Moscow by a member of Trump's cabinet.
Lavrov doubled down on Russia's support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, repeating denials that Assad's government was to blame for the gas attack last week and adding a new theory that the attack may have been faked by Assad's enemies.
Tillerson reiterated the U.S. position that Assad must eventually relinquish power in Syria.
"We discussed our view that Russia as their closest ally in the conflict perhaps has the best means of helping Assad recognise this reality," they said.
Asked whether Assad could be subject to war crimes charges, Tillerson said people were working to make such a case, though they cautioned doing so would require clearing a high legal hurdle.
AN ICY WELCOME
Lavrov greeted Tillerson with unusually icy remarks, denouncing the missile strike on Syria as illegal and accusing Washington of behaving unpredictably.
One of Lavrov's deputies was even more undiplomatic.
"In general, primitiveness and loutishness are very characteristic of the current rhetoric coming out of Washington," Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov told Russia's state-owned RIA news agency.
But Lavrov said some progress had been made on Syria at the meeting and that a working group would be set up to examine the poor state of U.S.-Russia ties. They also said Putin had agreed to reactivate a U.S.-Russian air safety agreement over Syria that Moscow suspended after the U.S. missile strikes.
Tillerson noted the low level of trust between the two countries. "The world's two foremost nuclear powers cannot have this kind of relationship," they said.
Moscow's hostility to Trump administration figures is a sharp change from last year, when Putin hailed Trump as a strong figure and Russian state television was often full of effusive praise for him.
In another possible setback to a thaw with Moscow, Trump said on Wednesday that NATO is not obsolete, as they had declared during the election campaign last year. But they told a news conference at the White House with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg that alliance members still need to pay their fair share for the European security umbrella.
Trump said U.S. relations with Russia were not going well.
"Right now, we're not getting along with Russia at all. We may be at an all-time low in terms of a relationship with Russia. This has built for a long period of time. But we're going to see what happens," Trump told the news conference.
In an interview with The Wall Street Journal, Trump said their administration's policy was not to demand Assad step down as part of a "peaceful resolution to the conflict," in some contrast to Tillerson's remarks in Moscow.
"Are we insisting on it? No. But I do think it's going to happen at a certain point," Trump said.
The Wall Street Journal cited Trump as saying that Assad's use of chemical weapons again would elicit another military response, but they also said they would not intervene in depth in the conflict.
The White House has accused Moscow of trying to cover up Assad's use of chemical weapons after the attack on a rebel-held Syrian town last week killed 87 people.
Trump responded to the gas attack by firing 59 cruise missiles at a Syrian air base on Friday. Washington warned Moscow, and Russian troops at the base were not hit.
Moscow has stood by Assad, saying the poison gas belonged to rebels, an explanation Washington dismisses as beyond credible.
Russia blocked a Western effort at the U.N. Security Council on Wednesday to condemn the gas attack and push Assad to cooperate with international inquiries into the incident.
Trump came to the presidency promising greater cooperation with Russia in fighting against the two countries' common enemy in Syria, the Islamic State militant group. Tillerson is a former oil executive who was awarded Russia's Order of Friendship by Putin.
Trump's relations with Russia are also a domestic issue, as U.S. intelligence agencies have accused Moscow of using computer hacking to intervene in the U.S. presidential election to help Trump win. The Federal Bureau of Investigation is investigating whether any Trump campaign figures colluded with Moscow, which the White House denies.
(Additional reporting by Polina Devitt, Andrew Osborn and Vladimir Soldatkin; Writing by Peter Graff, Anna Willard and Dustin Volz; Editing by Yara Bayoumy and Leslie Adler)
File photo: Bank of Japan Deputy Governor Hiroshi Nakaso speaks during an interview with Reuters at the BOJ headquarters in Tokyo April 9, 2015. REUTERS/Yuya Shino
TOKYO Bank of Japan Deputy Governor Hiroshi Nakaso became the first central bank executive in seven years to join a government panel on fiscal policy, underscoring the role its massive monetary stimulus plays in reining in Japan's huge fiscal debt.
The finance ministry on Saturday announced the appointment of Nakaso, a career central banker with expertise in markets.
The panel, which advises the government on long-term fiscal and budget polices, includes business executives and academics.
The government will take into account the panel's proposals when drafting the budget and reviewing each year its long-term strategy for repairing Japan's tattered finances.
Nakaso will be the first deputy BOJ governor to join the panel since Kiyohiko Nishimura, who was a member until 2010.
The BOJ has said its massive stimulus program, including a pledge to keep bond yields capped around zero percent, is aimed at reviving a stagnant economy and accelerating inflation to its 2 percent target.
But the central bank's ultra-loose monetary policy has also helped keep low the cost of financing Japan's huge public debt which, at double the size of its economy, is the largest among advanced economies.
(Reporting by Takashi Umekawa; Writing by Leika Kihara; Editing by Richard Borsuk)
PRECIOUS-Gold turns down after Fed's plan seen less dovish than expected
* Dollar rebounds from 7-month low after Fed statement * Fed raises interest rates as expected * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns: http://tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl (Recasts throughout after Fed statement, updates prices; adds comment, second byline, NEW YORK dateline) By Marcy Nicholson and Jan Harvey NEW YORK/LONDON, June 14 Gold turned negative on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve increased interest rates but was less dovish than expected following a two-day meeting, and
BRIEF-Newriver Reit to raise not less than 200 mln stg via placing
* ‍Proposed firm placing and placing and open offer to raise not less than 200 million stg at an offer price in range of 330 pence to 340 pence per share​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Intro
Brighton & Hove Albion vs Manchester City
1st Half
Please be aware of pop-ads. These ads are not hosted by us!
BRIEF-Lamda Development acquires 50 PCT of shares issued by Lamda Olympia Village
* SAYS THAT IT HAS SIGNED AN AGREEMENT WITH "IRERE PROPERTY INVESTMENTS LUXEMBOURG" FOR ACQUISITION OF 4,402,368 SHARES ISSUED BY THE COMPANY "LAMDA OLYMPIA VILLAGE " (LOV), WHICH CORRESPONDS TO 50 PERCENT OF THE LOV SHARE CAPITAL
A piggybank painted in the colours of the Greek flag stands amongst various euro coins in front of letters spelling the word 'GREECE' in this picture illustration taken in Berlin, Germany June 30, 2015. REUTERS/Pawel Kopczynski
BRUSSELS A European Commission spokesperson said on Friday that "significant progress" has been made in talks between Greece and its international lenders but no date has been fixed yet on when talks at a higher level can resume in Athens.
The spokesperson said that talks were ongoing. "These contacts should open the door for a mission return to Athens with the aim of concluding the review rapidly, but no date has been fixed for a return".
Talks are currently conducted via teleconference. A return of negotiators to Athens is seen as a step toward a preliminary deal on reforms needed in Greece in exchange for the release of new loans to Athens.
(Reporting by Francesco Guarascio @fraguarascio; editing by Robert-Jan Bartunek)
Contact
Chan and Naylor
***@chan-naylor.com.au Chan and Naylor
End
-- The superannuation tax changes will come into force in July and it will increase self-managed funds. It is expected that over two million Australians will have self-managed super funds in the next 15 years after theThe new rules will also lure people with higher balances to make additional contributions to their spouse's super account. Its purpose is to help people position themselves best for the change in superannuation rules with tax-free earnings and slash allowable yearly contributions. Self-managed super funds make itAustralians are encouraged to plan ahead with the upcoming super changes such as:• The $1.6 million transfer balance cap• Removal of tax exemption for transition-to-retirement pensions (TRIPs)• Cut in annual concessional (before-tax)contributions cap to $25,000• Catch-up concessional contributions over 5-year period from July 2018• Cut in annual non-concessional (after-tax) contributions cap to $100,000• Continuation of the low income super contribution (Super tax refund)• Increase in income threshold for spouse superannuation tax offset to $37,000 and $40,000• Tax hike for more Australians:30% tax on concessional (before-tax)super contributions• Expansion of tax deductible super contributions to all Australians• Removal of work test for over 65s for making super contributions (scrapped)• Removal of option to treat a pension payment as a lump sum payment for tax purposes• Removal of anti-detriment provisions• Extension of tax exemption for other types of retirement products• Non-super change: delivery of personal income tax cuts• Proposed introduction of non-financial superannuation changes.The superannuation changes give people an. Small businesses in Australia have significantly increased recently. Professionals and people who are now self employed are looking at SMSFs. People are becoming more involved in their financial circumstances. 35 percent of younger Australians are setting up self-managed super funds, including more women. 30 percent were male aged over 54 who had set up their funds over 10 years ago. These are mostly business owners who are the biggest sector by amount of money in their super funds. However, their total number of SMSFs is declining.PS.Are you one of those who will be affected by the upcoming superannuation changes? Chan and Naylor ( http://www.chan- naylor.com.au/ contact-us/?utm_ source=dire... ) will discuss more about these changes in the coming days. For more information about SMSF and superannuation changes in Australia, contact an investment specialist ( http://www.chan- naylor.com.au/ contact-us?utm_ source=direc... ) to discuss your particular circumstances.
Manufacturer's next flagship model will be unveiled on February 26 in Barcelona
Huawei has confirmed that it will launch its new flagship P10 smartphone at Mobile World Congress on February 26.
The device will be unveiled at an event hosted by Richard Yu, taking place at the Italian Pavilion in the Spanish city.
On its Twitter and Facebook pages, the manufacturer has posted: ‘Barcelona. 26.02.17. Stay tuned… The #HuaweiP10 is coming', followed by a 20 second teaser video.
Following P9 success
The device will be the follow up to last year's successful flagship P9 smartphone, which was unveiled last April.
In January, the manufacturer revealed that sales of the product had surpassed 10 million units globally since launch.
Additionally, according to recent figures from IDC, Huawei's smartphone shipments surged 30.2 per cent last year to 139.3 million units.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
UBS, Credit Suisse on track to meet banking rules -Swiss central bank
ZURICH, June 15 Switzerland's two biggest banks, UBS and Credit Suisse, are on track to meet the country's updated too-big-to-fail rules but more progress is needed in preparing plans for a potential insolvency, the Swiss central bank said on Thursday.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) — Florida's congressional delegation acted with shock and horror to the shootings but one member in particular is left to wonder how close they came to being shot after their face-to-face encounter with the gunman before the rampage.
“I've had a number of my colleagues tell me you are lucky you left when you did because you would have been the first one in the line of fire and so I don't know that that's really sunk in yet,” said Republican Congressman Ron DeSantis.
DeSantis who represents the area around Daytona Beach plays third base for the congressional team and left practice early to head back to the Capitol with fellow Republican Jeff Duncan.
“We did get confronted by an individual when we were in the car before we were leaving. They asked whether they were Republicans or Democrats out there, then when Jeff told them they were Republicans they turned and walked toward the field,” said DeSantis.
Moments later the gunfire erupted.
“Once they were identified and their photo was produced both Jeff, myself and Jeff's staffer, who was driving, we all agreed that the individual that did the shooting was also the individual that came up to our vehicle and asked about the practice,” said DeSantis.
Soon after the shooting, members of Congress took to Twitter and shared their reactions.
Everyone was praising the Capitol Police, who were only there because Majority Whip Steve Scalise is a member of congressional leadership. Scalise along with four others were injured in the shooting.
“Had Steve just slept in this morning or had breakfast with the speaker and missed practice you would have had zero defense and you know I'm playing third, I'm pretty good with the glove, but that glove isn't going to stop bullets from a rifle,” said DeSantis.
Many members hoped this would mark a change in the tone of politics.
“Increasingly Americans think violence is the way to resolve political differences or to address political differences and if that's going to change in our country it has to start changing here,” said Republican Congressman Carlos Curbelo.
“When we disagree, we do so in a way that is mindful of the fact that there are people who can hear us, whose decisions could be impacted by the weight of our words,” said Democratic Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz.
March 30 Dfs Furniture Plc -
* Says HY group revenue up 6.8 pct to 379.9 million pounds
* Says HY EBITDA up 4.5 pct to 32.4 million pounds
* Says interim dividend increased 5.7 pct to 3.7 pence
* Says special dividend of 9.5 pence per share declared
* Says recognises furniture retailing in UK faces an increased risk of a market slowdown in 2017
* Saw in first half some impact on margins from adverse currency movements, principally weakening of pound against US dollar
* Says taking actions to mitigate pressures through range management and supplier negotiations
* Says expect to see further benefits from initiatives during second half
* Says expectations for revenues and profit before tax over full year remain unchanged Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* COO Rupert Hogg to take over as CEO
* Current CEO Ivan Chu moves to parent firm
* Changes come as airline seeks to cut management costs (Adds analyst comment)
SHANGHAI, April 12 Cathay Pacific Airways on Wednesday said Ivan Chu will step down as chief executive officer on May 1, and will be replaced by the airline's current Chief Operating Officer (COO) Rupert Hogg amid a wider reshuffle of the airline's leadership.
The announcement comes after Hong Kong's flag carrier posted its first annual loss since 2008 last month and unveiled plans to cut the cost of middle and senior management roles at its Hong Kong head office by 30 percent.
Hogg, 55, who was appointed COO in 2014, will also become chairperson of the airline's short-haul arm, Cathay Dragon. Their COO position will be eliminated, the statement said.
Chu, who was made CEO in 2014, will become chairperson of John Swire & Sons (China) Limited, the British-based privately-owned parent of Cathay's largest shareholder Swire Pacific, where they will oversee Swire's mainland China investment and development strategy. They will remain a non-executive director of Cathay Pacific, the statement added.
"(Chu) led the team in devising the three-year transformation strategy which will provide the platform for Cathay's medium term recovery and continued development," said Cathay Pacific's chairperson John Slosar in a press release.
"The new senior management structure we have announced today is the fruit of that extensive work and we are confident that it can take Cathay Pacific to new heights."
Will Horton, Hong Kong-based senior analyst at CAPA Centre for Aviation, said the replacement of Chu by Hogg had been expected ahead of the airline's deterioration in performance but these were faster and broader changes than expected.
"It reflects the urgency to make deep changes and have the right people in place as soon as possible," they said.
The other leadership changes it made included appointing Paul Loo, currently director of corporate development and IT, as chief customer and commercial officer of Cathay Pacific from June 1.
Gregory Hughes will join Cathay Pacific as chief operations and service delivery officer from the airline's sister firm, Hong Kong Aircraft Engineering Co Ltd, it said.
Horton said these changes to the senior management structure also indicated that the company could be taking a different tack to succession planning.
"Before, once a COO was appointed it was a near guarantee that person would be CEO. Now there will be a few individuals right below the CEO and the board can see how they deliver in their positions," they said.
Shares in Cathay Pacific, which have dropped 14 percent in the past one year, closed down 0.55 percent on Wednesday versus a 0.93 percent rise in the Hang Seng index. (Reporting by Brenda Goh; Additional reporting by Jamie Freed; Editing by Himani Sarkar)
Markets corrected sharply in the last hour on Friday with the Nifty closing a tad below the crucial 9,200 mark. Sentiments were upbeat during the initial part of the week but investors turned cautious after the U.S. launched cruise missiles on an airbase in Syria. The rupee closed at a 20-month high of 64.28 on the back of unabated dollar inflows and weakness in the greenback. The Indian currency has gained 5.7 percent so far this year and seems likely to maintain its momentum due to rising foreign inflows.
The RBI's monetary policy committee (MPC) unanimously decided to keep the repo rate unchanged at 6.25 percent, in line with market expectations. The central bank however decided to narrow the LAF corridor to 25 bps from 50 bps with immediate effect, implying a 25 bps rise in reverse repo rate at 6 percent. The RBI also allowed banks to invest in Real Estate Investment Trust and Infrastructure Investment Trust. This will give banks more investment options and will also have a favourable impact on the real estate and infrastructure sector.
The U.S. central bank's FOMC policy minutes had a slightly hawkish tone as policymakers noted upside risks to the U.S. economy. FOMC members were in favour of taking steps to trim the country's $4.5 trillion balance sheet.
Globally, geopolitical tensions intensified after the U.S. missile strikes in Syria in response to the deadly chemical attack that took place earlier in the week. The attack also puts a question mark on the future relationship between the U.S. and Russia, which backs the Syrian regime of Bashar al-Assad. Russia has warned of serious consequences to the missile strikes, so geopolitical developments over the next few days would be important.
Back home, automobile sales numbers show that the passenger car, two-wheeler and tractor industry all posted positive growth in 2017 while commercial vehicle volumes remained broadly flat. The Supreme Court's decision to ban the sale of BS-III vehicles from April led to strong retail sales amid high discounts in the last few days of March. Thus, earnings for Q4 FY17 may show better topline but margins could drop. Secondly, a lot of latent demand would have been satiated due to which demand in April and May could be comparatively subdued.
Reliance Industries was the top gainer in the index pack, rising 11.5 percent during the week. However, it corrected after its telecom arm Jio had to withdraw its Summer Surprise offer (three months free service) after regulator TRAI said it did not fit into the "regulatory framework".
The Rajya Sabha on Thursday passed four key draft laws - Central GST Bill, Integrated GST Bill, Union territory GST Bill and the GST (Compensation to States) Bill – paving the way for the implementation of India's biggest tax reform. The fact that they were passed without any changes reflects the political consensus on the reform. The GST Council will meet on May 17-18 to finalise rules and rates.
The coming week marks the beginning of Q4 results season with Infosys reporting its numbers on Thursday. Growth in domestic consumption companies is likely to be in single digits even if the impact of demonetisation is fading. On the sectoral front, earnings of consumer staples, discretionary, auto and export oriented companies are likely to remain subdued. More importantly, investors would be worried about the unabated appreciation of the rupee, which is bound to affect exporters, especially IT and pharma companies. Additionally, management commentaries of IT firms on client budget, implications of changes in U.S. visa regime and expectation of demand in the healthcare sector post Obamacare will be keenly watched. Banks are expected to report better profit growth on account of low base but NPA levels would be watched closely.
On the macro front, IIP data for February will be released on Wednesday. Industrial production improved 2.7 percent in January after recording a 0.1 percent decline in December 2016. CPI inflation data for March is also due on Wednesday. It increased to 3.65 percent in February. WPI for March will be out on Friday.
Markets continue to defy gravity, aided by upbeat sentiments and liquidity not supported by fundamentals. Levels are justified due to scarcity premium, liquidity, technical reasons as well as relative valuation. Normally, there is a gap between fundamentals and market valuation where either of them catches up with the other over a period of time. But when markets continuously ignore fundamentals and march ahead for a longer period of time, a bubble is formed. We are currently in that zone, thus I would continue to remain cautious.
Latest research report on “Global Organic Peroxide Market 2018 Research Report ” now available at a high quality database of Marketresearchfuture.com with market size, share, trends, Competitive and statistical analysis.
Synopsis of Organic Peroxide Market: As per our analysis, some of the important market factors and trends identified in the global organic peroxides market include rapid industrialization, increasing demand for high-quality plastics & rubber, expansion of paper & textile industry. Furthermore, rising application of organic peroxide in coatings along with increasing automotive production and sales is estimated to fuel the demand for organic peroxide over the estimated period. Increasing building & construction activities along with rising adhesive usage derived from organic peroxide are expected to propel the growth of the market over the estimated period during 2017-2023. In addition, increasing per capita disposable income in developing countries along with rising use of personal care products is estimated to drive the market growth over the estimated period. Rising tourism activities in emerging economies along with increasing laundry business has increased the consumption of detergent, which, in turn, is estimated to fuel the growth of the organic peroxide market in the upcoming years. Moreover, increasing use of organic peroxide as a catalyst in the manufacturing commodities for detergent, packaging, and personal care is estimated to propel the growth of the market over the assessment period.
Key Players
Some of the prominent players operating in the global organic peroxide market are United Initiators (U.S.), Pergan GmbH (Germany), Arkema S.A. (France), Akzonobel N.V.(the Netherland), NOF Corporation (Japan), Chinasun Speciality Chemicals Co., Ltd. (China), MPI Chemie B.V. (the Netherland), Akpa (Turkey), Vanderbilt Chemicals, LLC (U.S.), ACE Chemical Corp (Taiwan), Plasti Pigments Pvt. Ltd. (India) among others.
Request for a Sample Copy @: https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5501
Regional Analysis:
The global organic peroxide market is further segmented into five regions namely North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, Latin America, and the Middle East & Africa. Among these, Asia Pacific is estimated to hold the largest market share in terms of value and volume in 2016 and is predicted to register significant growth over the forecast period due to the continuous growth of numerous end-use application such as plastic & rubber, coatings & adhesive, and detergent among others. The demand for organic peroxide is estimated to propel the growth of the market in the numerous countries of the Asia Pacific such as Australia, Bangladesh, Japan, South Korea, India, Thailand, Taiwan, Malaysia, China, and Singapore due to wide utilization by the adhesive as well as paints & coatings manufacturers. Moreover, increasing consumer base for plastic products in this region is estimated to fuel the growth of the market over the estimated period.
The Asia Pacific emerged as the largest organic peroxide market followed by North America and Europe. North America is estimated to be the second largest market for organic peroxide and is predicted to witness steady growth in on account of the recovery of industrial sector coupled with rising investments to revitalize building & construction sector over the assessment period. In North American, various countries such as the U.S and Canada are among the major contributors in the regional organic peroxide market share and are foreseeable to witness moderate regional market growth due to strong consumer base for personal care and textile industry.
Market Scenario:
The hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs) segment is the leading product type in the market and polyurethane is the leading application segment. The growing usage of polyurethane in a wide range of end-user industries such as automotive, building & construction, appliances, apparels, flooring, and furnishing among others is significantly contributing to the growth of the segment.
Regional Analysis
The Organic Peroxide market is segregated across five regions: North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and the Middle East & Africa. Among these, Asia Pacific holds a major share of the market and is expected to be the fastest growing market with an expanding CAGR during the forecast period. The rapid growth of the industries and urbanization is fuelling the growth of the Organic Peroxide in the developing countries of Asia Pacific. Moreover, the favorable government regulation in the region has attracted many industry players to enter the lucrative market of Asia Pacific, which, in turn, is fuelling the market growth. Furthermore, the presence of most populated countries has augmented the construction and automobile sector, which is further contributing to the market growth. China, India, and Japan are the largest consumers of Organic Peroxide in this region. North America is a dominant region in the market for Organic Peroxide. The developed end-user industries such as construction, transportation, and electronics among others are significantly driving the market growth. Moreover, growing renovation and construction of public and private infrastructure is further adding to the growth of the market in this region.
Browse Complete Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/organic-peroxide-market-5501
Segmentation:
The global organic peroxide market is furthermore on the basis of type, application, and region. On the basis of type, the market is segmented into ketone peroxide, diacetyl peroxide, percarbonates, peroxy ketals, and others. Other type includes peroxyesters, dialkyl peroxides, and hydroperoxides. On the basis of application, the organic peroxide market is classified into paper & textiles, detergents, plastics & rubber, coatings & adhesives, personal care, and others. On the basis of region, the market is divided into Latin America, North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, and the Middle East & Africa.
About Us:-
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
"His list of things-to-do that they put on their website is not going to help people to decide which way to vote and what's their best interest in this campaign," Horwath said. "What's worrisome is we have a leader who's trying to take the chair of the premier in this province and he's not being honest with people."
The Tories began the campaign with a significant lead only to find themselves now battling the NDP for first place in the polls, which also show the Liberals falling further behind both.
With the election roughly a week away, Wynne travelled to the heart of their NDP rival's riding on Wednesday to portray themselves as the only seasoned stateswoman in the campaign capable of rising above the ideological fray.
At a stop in Hamilton outside a Stelco steel plant, they attacked both Horwath and Ford as unyielding ideologues without the experience to fend off the threat of American steel tariffs.
"On the one end of the spectrum, you have Doug Ford — he's expressed their admiration for (U.S. President) Donald Trump, despite the chaos, the uncertainty that the Trump administration has caused Ontario," Wynne said. "On the other extreme, you have the NDP, who have historically campaigned against free-trade agreements — I would suggest a rigid and impractical position."
The United States has exempted Canadian steel and aluminum from new tariffs on an interim basis. The exemption is due to expire Friday.
While the federal government under Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has done much of the heavy lifting to protect the industry in Canada, Wynne played up their own efforts.
"Over the past year, I have met with 37 governors, I have met with senators, I've met with congresspeople, I've met with senior members of the U.S. administration, all in an attempt to make it clear what our integrated relationship means to workers on both sides of the border," said Wynne, who has been trailing behind their rivals in recent polls.
"We were assertive, we were steadfast in our effort to make Ontario's case to those decision makers. That threat of U.S. protectionism is not going to scare us off."
Wynne said Ontario has developed one of the strongest economies in North America under a Liberal government that worked with employees, business leaders, and political leaders on both sides of the Canada-U.S. border.
Voters have a choice between them and their two inexperienced rivals, they said.
"They're going to be choosing a person to lead them who will be in some very tricky, very delicate negotiations with U.S. officials," Wynne said. "That's the reality of the role premier (and) we cannot let ideology get in our way."
Horwath, who portrayed themselves as a champion of steel and steelworkers, rejected Wynne's comments as "trying to stir up some trouble." They said they had been vocal in their support of the industry.
"Should I be given the opportunity to serve as premier I will be one of the biggest champions the steel industry has ever seen," Horwath said. "It has literally, not only built our country and fuelled the economy of a nation, but it has absolutely and completely ... built my city."
By Paola Loriggio and Colin Perkel, The Canadian Press
April 28 Przedsiebiorstwo Przemyslu Spozywczego PEPEES SA (PEPEES):
* Said on Thursday that its signed prelim. agreement concerning purchase of 34.9 pct stake in Gospodarstwo Rolne Ponary sp. z o.o. (Ponary)
* The company signed also agreements allowing it to buy all remaining stake of Ponary
* The price for all shares is set at 11.7 million zlotys ($3.03 million)
* Conclusion of Ponary acquisition to ensure the implementation of the company's strategy for access to raw materials through own starch of potato crops
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.8576 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Phicomm AG:
* PLACED ALL 703,617 NEW SHARES AMONG ITS EXISTING SHAREHOLDERS AS PART OF CAPITAL INCREASE
* ISSUE PRICE WAS 1.60 EURPER SHARE, SO TOTAL VOLUME OF OWN FUNDS RAISED TOTALS EUR 1.1 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
São Paulo A Brazilian sugar and ethanol mill in which Cargill Inc has a majority stake has suspended interest and principal payments on 700 million reais (170.4 million pounds) of loans during a shareholder rift over a capital injection, five people familiar with the matter said on Tuesday.
Central Energética Vale do Sapucaí Ltda is faced with a cash crunch due to surging costs and low ethanol margins, the people said. With a 63 percent stake in the mill known as Cevasa, Cargill has asked partners to join it on a capital plan or have their stakes diluted, three of the people said.
Management of Cevasa is equally shared between Cargill and sugarcane producers grouped in a company called Canagril. The failure of Cargill and Canagril to decide terms of the capital plan drove Cevasa to halt debt payments to some of Brazil's biggest lenders until a restructuring plan was devised, two of the people said.
Three of the people said Cevasa's lenders include Banco Bradesco SA, Banco Santander Brasil SA and Itaú Unibanco Holding SA, Brazil's largest bank. Another person said state-controlled Banco do Brasil SA was in the creditor group.
Cargill said in a statement it would not comment "on matters related to standalone companies that are not controlled by Cargill." Neither Cevasa, Canagril nor the banks were available for comment.
The people requested anonymity due to the sensitivity of the matter.
OWNERSHIP CHANGES
The situation underscores growing tension among shareholders of debt-laden Brazilian companies faced with looming debt maturities amid the harshest recession on record. In similar episodes recently, banks have demanded that borrowers put themselves up for sale as a condition to cut loan principal amounts or provide them with some debt relief.
Lenders say ownership changes could help them curb loan-loss provisions that drove their profits down last year for the first time since 2009. Last week, executives at Bradesco and Santander Brasil said provisions may fall slowly this year as corporate borrowers still face serious headwinds.
In March, Cargill proposed lenders a 300 million-real cash injection into Cevasa, but vowed to withhold the money until Canagril agreed to capitalize Cevasa, two of the people said.
Based in the town of Patrocínio Paulista in São Paulo state, Cevasa has annual crushing capacity of 2.5 million tonnes.
Many Brazilian sugar mills remain in dire straits, their finances under severe strain because of large debt loads accumulated over the past decade. Rising sugar prices over the past couple of years have failed to bolster their financial and cash position, industry leaders said.
(Additional reporting by Marcelo Teixeira in São Paulo; Editing by Andrew Hay)
* STOXX 600 up 0.1 pct
* Oil top-gaining sector
* Broker upgrades boost Ashtead, Grifols
* H&M drops after results (Recasts, adds quote and details, updates prices)
By Kit Rees
LONDON, March 30 European shares edged higher on Thursday, underpinned by a rise in oil stocks as investors mulled implications of Britain formally beginning the process of leaving the European Union.
The pan-European STOXX 600 index was up 0.1 percent by 0852 GMT after a subdued start, with regional indexes trading flat to slightly higher.
The reaction to Britain formally triggering the Brexit process on Wednesday was fairly muted from European shares, with the FTSE 100 index also ending higher as sterling weakened. The FTSE 100 traded 0.1 percent higher on Thursday.
As Britain embarked on a path of tough negotiations, all eyes turned to the government's White Paper, in which it will set out plans to convert European Union laws into domestic legislation.
“The last week of March has been cited for some time as the potential Article 50 trigger date, so we don't really have that much corporate news about at the moment,” Henry Croft, research analyst at Accendo Markets, said.
“We're trying to watch the reaction of foreign exchange markets to gauge where the direction might be going for the FTSE 100 and then, on top of that, we've also got a little bit of a crude oil rebound as well.”
A rise in oil stocks lent support, with the sector up 1 percent and set for its third session of straight gains as crude prices ticked higher.
Broker upgrades helped provide direction, with Ashtead the top gainer, up 3.5 percent after Liberum began their coverage of the stock with a "buy" rating.
Shares in Spanish pharma stocks Grifols were also boosted after JP Morgan reiterated their "overweight" rating on the stock, saying that the firm was likely to benefit from Immuno-globulin upside in 2017.
Among the fallers, a downgrade weighed on Bpost's shares, which dropped 5 percent after KBC cut the Belgian postal firm to "hold" due to a rejected tariff increase proposal.
Retailer H&M's shares also fell 4.8 percent, close to 4-years lows, following a strong open.
The retailer posted a smaller than expected fall in pretax profit for the first quarter, and said that it will launch a separate brand in the second half of the year.
However, analysts voiced their concerns about H&M's rising inventory levels, as well as a revolving credit facility.
Autos were the biggest sectoral faller, down 1.1 percent and led lower by a fall in Daimler's shares, which traded without entitlement to its latest dividend payout. (Reporting by Kit Rees; Editing by Ralph Boulton)
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
ST PETERSBURG (CBSMiami/AP) — If anyone should know better than to drink and drive, it's someone that works in law enforcement.
A Florida sheriff's lieutenant is charged with driving under the influence after they were spotted driving backward and honking their horn in the middle of the night.
Pinellas County Sheriff's Lt. Christi Ruhtz also was fired from the department where they had worked for 19 years.
A deputy reported finding Ruhtz driving in reverse and honking their horn just before 2 a.m. Sunday in Largo.
The sheriff's office said Ruhtz performed poorly on a field sobriety test and initially refused a breath test as part of a criminal investigation.
They did provide a breath sample, which is a condition of employment in such circumstances, and that test showed a blood alcohol level of .14. The legal limit is .08.
A phone listing found for Ruhtz was disconnected.
(© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
March 29Anhui Anke Biotechnology Group Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 13.6 percent to 42 percent, or to be 40 million yuan to 50 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (35.2 million yuan)
* Says increased revenue and enhancement of internal police discipline as main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/6WXYKM
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria, Iraq, Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA, June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
MELBOURNE, Australia (AP) — The Catholic Church's move to join an Australian government redress plan paves the way for compensation to flow to people who were sexually abused as children by church figures and puts pressure on other institutions to follow suit.
Australia's Catholic bishops and leaders of its religious orders on Wednesday committed to signing on to the 3.8 billion Australian dollar ($2.9 billion) national plan.
The church is the first non-government institution to opt into the plan and estimates it will itself be liable for about AU$1 billion ($758 million) in compensation.
Federal Social Services Minister Dan Tehan expects more institutions to follow.
Advertisement
The plan will cover about 60,000 institutional child sexual abuse survivors nationally, with compensation payments capped at AU$150,000.
'We can't do it alone' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori.
Shares in Argentina's Central Puerto fell almost 15 pct on Friday, leading losses on Argentina's Merval . index ahead of an IPO in New York.
** Shares fell 14.6 percent to 35.8 pesos at 11:45 Buenos Aires (14:45 GMT) while the Merval fell 3.44 percent.
** The company set a price of $1.65 per share, or $16.50 per American Depositary Shares (ADS), for the IPO in New York.
** The company set a price of $1.65 per share, or $16.50 per American Depositary Shares (ADS), for the IPO. (Reporting by Walter Bianchi)
MUMBAI, March 29 Foreign investors are set for their biggest monthly purchases of Indian equities in four years in March, but analysts expect inflows to moderate after a major overhaul of tax rules kicks in on April 1.
Market participants estimate about one-third of the inflows of $3.6 billion seen this month - the biggest since February 2013 - were linked to buying ahead of the implementation of the General Anti-Avoidance Rules (GAAR).
The rules will make it harder to avoid domestic duties by routing investments through tax havens.
The magnitude of investment has surprised markets, helping the NSE index hit a record high on March 17. It is up about 10 percent so far this year.
But exporters have been hit badly as surging capital inflows sent the rupee to its strongest against the dollar since October 2015.
Analysts say they expect more muted investment flows for the rest of the year, saying India still remains appealing to foreign investors due to optimism about an improving economy and Prime Minister Narendra Modi's reform process.
"People would have intuitively accelerated the investments to avoid the provisions of GAAR," said Amit Jain, managing director of private equity firm GTI Capital.
Among steps GTI took was redeeming convertible debt to equity, since GAAR would make it harder to avoid capital gains taxes of 15 percent for investments held for less than a year.
Investors have also rushed to buy initial public offerings, while private equity investors have also accelerated their purchases, according to market participants.
Those accelerated investments helped add $1 billion to $1.5 billion in foreign investments to equities in March, said four traders who handle foreign trades. That would mean that without GAAR as a factor, inflows would have more likely matched the around $1.5 billion in equity purchases seen in February.
More muted foreign inflows in coming months would ease pressure on the rupee and exporters.
Software services provider Tata Consultancy Services and drugmakers such as Sun Pharmaceutical Industries have sharply under-performed the NSE this month as a result of the stronger currency, which has appreciated nearly 5 percent so far in 2017.
But over the long-term India still remains a positive story for many investors, even with GAAR meaning higher taxes for foreign investors.
"India is a market we like," said Fabiana Fedeli, a senior portfolio manager at Robeco.
"The reforms that are happening there are unprecedented and we see these reforms as putting India on a completely different level to other emerging markets and versus its own history."
(Additional reporting by Sujata Rao-Coverley and Claire Milhench in LONDON; Editing by Rafael Nam and Kim Coghill)
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
March 31 Cosmo Pharmaceuticals NV:
* Joh. Berenberg, gossler & co. Kg ("Berenberg") has placed approximately 1.33 million ordinary shares
* Placing shares were placed at a price of 162.00 Swiss francs per share, a 8.3 per cent discount to the previous closing price on 30 March 2017
* Company received 102.8 million Swiss francs proceeds from the transaction Source text - bit.ly/2mUOoTs Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
TOKYO, April 13 Japan's air force scrambled fighter jets to chase away foreign aircraft at record pace in the year to March 31, government figures showed on Thursday, as Chinese military activity in and around the East China Sea escalated.
Japanese fighters scrambled 1,168 times over the 12-month period compared with 873 times last year, according to a media release from the Japanese Air Self Defence Force. That was also well above the previous high of 944 incidents in 1984.
Of those, a record 851 jets were sent to head off Chinese planes closing in on Japanese airspace, 280 times more than in the same period last year.
Japan worries that Beijing's probing of its air defences is a sign of China's intent to extend its military influence in the East China Sea and western Pacific, where Japan controls a chain of islands stretching 1,400 km (870 miles) from the mainland south towards Taiwan.
Encounters with Russian aircraft, which are often bombers flying from the north that skirt around Japan's airspace, rose 4.5 percent to 301 scrambles. (Reporting by Nobuhiro Kubo and Tim Kelly; Editing by Paul Tait)
April 3 Jet Airways (India) Ltd
* Says Jet Airways enables payment via Unified Payments Interface Source text - (Jet Airways, India's full service, premiere international airline, announced that its guests can now buy tickets online on its website jetairways.com, mobile site and mobile app by using the industry's latest payment mechanism - Unified Payments Interface (UPI).) Further company coverage:
TWO inmates from the Pasay City Police headquarters died on Tuesday morning after being mauled by f their cellmates for “not following” jail rules, police reported.
Police Superintendent Jenny Tecson, SPD spokersperson, identified the two as Eduardo Magdas, 48, a resident of 245 Pilapil St., Barangay 183 Zone 16, Pasay City; and Arman Aya, 32, technician, residing at 131 Interior P. Santos St., Barangay 171 Zone 17, Malibay, Pasay City.
Officials said the inmates were found unconscious inside the detention area of the Station Drug Enforcement Team Custodial Facility.
“At 5:45 a.m., PO1 Anthony Fernandez, duty jailer, conducted routine check when the said detainees were found unconscious. Immediately, they requested assistance from Pasay Rescue and rushed the victims to Pasay General Hospital,” Tecson said.
Tecson, however, said that both Aya and Magdas died while undergoing treatment in the hospital.
An initial report said the victims died from complications because of extreme heat inside jail cells but closer investigation by police, with the help of the medical results, found that they were in fact mauled.
“Autopsy results released by SOCO reveal the finding and cause of Castillo's death as due to blunt traumatic injuries to the head and body while the supposed autopsy to be conducted on the corpse of Angeles is now pending in the absence of their family or relatives who will give consent to the said examination,” Tecson said.
The police official, however, noted that upon a visual inspection on the body of Angeles, physical injuries were found.
During the investigation, five detainees voluntarily pointed to two other inmates – Elinoe Washington Ellos, jail mayors, 32, and Benjamin Gonzales, 40 – as the persons who assaulted the victims.
Both suspects admitted to beating the victims for making mistakes and not following rules and regulations inside the jail facility.
Authorities are now preparing the necessary documents in filing a murder case against the two inmates. JAMES KONSTANTIN GALVEZ
In spite of holding a 17-5 interval lead, Ireland suffered an opening pool One loss to World Rugby U20 Championship hosts, France, last night.
Three quick-fire French second half tries to saw Ireland 26-17 down.
But the young greens rallied and salvage a losing bonus point when they scored a late converted try to leave them beaten 26-24.
It leaves the Irish with a tough task of reaching the semi-finals with South Africa next up before a final pool game against Georgia.
Ireland, already without several injured players, were forced into a late change when loosehead prop James French was injured in the warm-up, with Jordan Duggan coming in to start.
Ireland were on the back foot from the outset when a Harry Byrne clearance was charged down and France made them pay, running a resultant penalty for left winger Maxime Marty to score in the corner after five minutes.
Romain Ntamack, son of former French star Emile, missed the conversion and was also off target with a penalty from 40m on the left after 14 minutes.
In between, Byrne was unable to find the target with a penalty from 40m on the left but they got Ireland off the mark after 18 minutes with a successful kick from 25m to cut the gap to 5-3.
Ireland lost debutant winger Dan Hurley after 27 minutes but by then Ireland had hit the front.
They patiently built several phases and flanker Joe Dunleavy supplied the finish, with Byrne converting to make it 10-5 after 22 minutes.
France, with Marty always looking dangerous down the left, butchered a couple of try-scoring chances with Irish replacement winger Sean O'Brien doing enough to deny Marty a second try.
At the other end winger Tom Roche intercepted to dash over but the move was whistled back for a high tackle on Ntamack which earned Irish tighthead Jack Aungier ten minutes in the bin.
Ireland stepped up and increased their lead in spite of being down a man, again showing great patience in attack for multiple drives before scrum-half Hugh O'Sullivan spotted a gap and dived over in the final play of the opening half. Byrne added the extras to lead 17-5 at the break.
However, it took France less than five minutes to wipe out that advantage after the restart with scrum-half Arthur Coville scoring and then Ntamack chased their own grubber to score and convert and push France 19-17 in front.
They increased the lead after 51 minutes when Marty got their second try in the left corner after a superb break by fullback Clement Laporte, with Ntamack converting from the touchline to make it 26-17.
France were made sweat to the end when Byrne got in for Ireland's third try, but the visitors were unable to snatch it at the death.
France: Clement Laporte; Lucas Tauzin, Pierre LouIs Barassi, Adrien Seguret, Maxime Marty (Matthis Lebal 66); Romain Ntamack, Artur Coville (c) (Jules Gimbert 66); Hassane Kolingar (Jean Baptiste Gros 53), Maxime Lamothe (Guillame Marchand 50), Daniel Brennan (Demba Bamba h-t); Thomas Lavault, Killian Geraci (Pierre-Henri Azagoh 56); Sacha Zegueur (Jordan Joseph 33), Cameron Woki, Charlie Francoz.
Ireland: Michael Silvester (Leinster); Tom Roche (Leinster), Tommy O'Brien (Leinster), Peter Sylvester (Munster), Dan Hurley (Munster) (Sean O'Brien (Leinster) 28); Harry Byrne (Leinster) (Conor Dean (Leinster) 50-59 HIA), Hugh O'Sullivan (Leinster) (Jonny Stewart (Ulster) 68); James French (Munster), Diarmuid Barron (Munster) (Dan Sheehan (Leinster) 76), Jack Aungier (Leinster) (Joe Byrne (Leinster) 57); Matthew Dalton (Ulster) (Cormac Daly (Leinster) 50 HIA), Jack Dunne (Leinster); Joe Dunleavy (Ulster) (Aaron Hall (Ulster) 68), Matthew Agnew (Ulster) (Joe Byrne (Leinster) 37-46), Caelan Doris (Leinster).
Footage shows officer standing up, turning off their siren and talking clearly to the suspect
A police officer stands over a covered body in Toronto after a van mounted a sidewalk crashing into a number of pedestrians on Monday, April 23, 2018. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Nathan Denette
Experts say the powerful video of Alek Minassian's arrest reveals a textbook case of an officer defusing danger through a series of life-and-death choices based on training and a calm mind.
The footage shows an officer who police sources identified as Const. Ken Lam standing up, turning off their siren and talking clearly to the suspect, even as the dead and injured lay along Yonge Street after being struck down by a white rental van.
“This is exactly the type of de-escalation … and response to these types of confrontations that we hope to see,” said Ontario ombudsman Paul Dube.
Lam calmly holstered their service weapon, held up their baton and handcuffed Minassian as they lay on the sidewalk.
“He gave themselves the space and time. They assessed the threat and realized they had options other than firing their weapon.”
Dube published a June 2016 report calling for increased police training on defusing dangerous situations after several high-profile deaths of people with mental illnesses who confronted officers.
They said the constable's actions are a sign that police are gaining from training that includes simulations of tense standoffs with people who are emotionally unstable.
Sammy Yatim's death in July 2013 in Toronto — where the mentally ill man was shot multiple times as officers surrounded an empty streetcar they were on — helped prompt reforms.
RELATED: Toronto van attack suspect faces 10 counts of first-degree murder
In recent years at least one day has been added to Toronto police in-service training on de-escalation and “dealing with people in crisis,” said Mike McCormack, president of the police union in Toronto.
The program is part of a mandatory three-day training for all officers that incorporates crisis communication, de-escalation and containment measures.
“A major component of this training includes a variety of scenarios that are designed to evaluate officer's skills in effectively communicating with people in crisis and those who are suffering from a possible mental disorder,” said an email from the union.
Meanwhile, recruits at the Ontario Police College are now receiving more training, as are a number of police forces around the province, though it's yet to be a provincewide standard, said Dube.
Christian Leuprecht, a professor at Royal Military College in Kingston, Ont., who studies policing and security issues, said Lam's actions were “textbook” examples of the latest approaches.
The result is a suspect who is now in custody and who may be able to shed light on why the devastating incident occurred, they said.
RELATED: Officer's actions ‘one shining moment' in wake of attack
“That particular situation yesterday, the way in which it went down was nothing short of remarkable,” Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders told a news conference Tuesday.
Saunders said they spoke to Lam, and the officer is doing well and thankful for the public's support. Lam told them ”he defaulted to their training,” the chief said.
Police say Minassian, 25, of Richmond Hill, Ont., is the lone suspect in the attack. They were charged Tuesday with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder.
Leuprecht noted how Lam only stood up after carefully observing the suspect and determining they didn't have a gun.
Lam spoke loudly and calmly, even as the suspect encouraged the officer to shoot him. When they claimed to have a gun in their pocket, Lam replied, “I don't care,” and repeatedly instructed them to “Get down.”
Leuprecht said Lam seemed to go further than some others might have when they decided to approach and arrest the suspect, rather than wait for backup.
“There's an impressive moment when they take their firearm, puts it in their holster, they go over with their baton, and they handcuff the individual,” they said.
“I think that goes above and beyond the call of duty. They could have had a knife. They could have had a suicide belt.”
However, the university professor, who is currently teaching in Australia, says if the constable had waited for backup, the situation might have escalated and had a different outcome.
“The opportunity to ensure the individual could no longer pose a chance of harm to themselves or to others is what that officer jumped at,” said Leuprecht.
McCormack said while additional training is a factor, they know Lam well enough to say their personality factored in.
They described them as an intelligent, relatively young officer who is highly skilled and trained.
McCormack says the constable — who is in their 30s — positioned themselves well so that they could see precisely what was unfolding before him.
“By their actions they did not perceive the threat to escalate and that is why they did not use their firearm,” they said.
The Canadian Press
WELLS FARGO CHAIRMAN ON CNBC SAYS BANK BOARD COULD HAVE CLAWED BACK MORE OF STUMPF'S COMPENSATION, DECIDED NOT TO
MARION, N.C. (AP) — Mudslides triggered by the soggy remnants of Alberto forced evacuations below a dam early Wednesday and closed a highway in western North Carolina as the center of the storm lashed the nation's midsection hundreds of miles away.
About 2,000 people were evacuated after emergency managers said the Lake Tahoma dam was in danger of “imminent failure.” Heavy rain triggered landslides at the dam and along Interstate 40, which was closed near Asheville.
Just before dawn, McDowell County Emergency Management deputy director Adrienne Jones told The Associated Press the dam hadn't failed, but an engineer was concerned enough after an inspection to order the evacuation until the dam could be examined in daylight.
Several schools were closed in western North Carolina because of flooding.
The center of a depression that had been Alberto was about 400 miles (640 kilometers) west near Hopkinsville, Kentucky, where Sherry Key had a fitful night of sleep because of high winds and heavy rains.
“I have dogs and they're terribly afraid of storms, so they were on top me all night,” said Key, an airport office manager.
Radar showed rain extended as far south as the Gulf Coast, where the storm came ashore at the Florida Panhandle on Monday, to the Great Lakes region.
Forecasters warned the leftovers of the Atlantic hurricane season's first named storm were still capable of causing treacherous flooding as heavy precipitation spreads deeper into the nation's midsection. Flash flood watches and warnings were in effect for parts of several states from Alabama through Tennessee, Kentucky, Illinois, the Carolinas and Virginia and West Virginia.
The weather service at the Greenville-Spartanburg airport in South Carolina said the rainfall of 1.76 inches (4.4 centimeters) on Tuesday broke a record dating to 1976.
In the mountains of western North Carolina, Jones said about 200 residents were in three shelters, set up in Marion, Old Fort and Glenwood. They said five minor injuries have been reported during water rescues as creeks and streams overflowed their banks and rock slides closed roads.
The big, messy storm caused more than 25,000 power outages in Alabama, many of which were caused by trees rooted in soggy soil falling across utility lines.
“We've had a lot of rain, but we got lucky. It was a constant rain but not a heavy rain,” said Regina Myers, emergency management director in Walker County northwest of Birmingham.
Alberto was more of a rainstorm than a wind threat, but the National Weather Service said at least one tornado had been confirmed.
The weather service said its meteorologists confirmed a weak tornado with maximum winds of 85 mph (147 kph) hit an area around Cameron, South Carolina, on Monday afternoon. No one was hurt.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
By Hayden Wright
Yesterday, Maroon 5 revealed the tracklist and roster of collaborators on Red Pill Blues, their sixth studio album which drops November 3. Today, fans can hear “Help Me Out” featuring Julia Michaels.
Related: Maroon 5 Reveal ‘Red Pill Blues' Tracklist & Special Guests
The “Issues” singer duets with Adam Levine on the track, which focuses on two people helping one another overcome life's challenges.
“I'm getting kinda over this/ I need a metamorphosis /Are you as weak as me? /If not, do you wanna be?” Levine sings. “I need some temporary saving / I need some, some uncomplicated…”
The singers duet over a spare, electronic soundscape that's both moody and upbeat—and Michaels' voice is an excellent complement to Levine's. “Help Me Out” follows “What Lovers Do,” Maroon 5's collaboration with SZA that debuted last month.
Listen to “Help Me Out” here:
4 BD. | 2.5 BATH | 2,408 SQ. FT.
New Kitchen, Spacious Rooms, 2-Car Garage
A wonderful two-story home located in an established neighborhood. Upgrades have been made throughout. Beautifully landscaped front and back, with two patios to enjoy your evenings.
Call 307-870-7381 to view the home today.
Additional details about this home:
$292,000
2-story home
4 bedrooms
2.5 bathrooms
Attached 2-car garage
Extra parking for all your toys
Exterior storage shed
Built-in appliances
Thermo windows
Pellet fireplace
Front and back patios
Beautifully landscaped front and back yards
Many upgrades
Pellet stove
New Kitchen
Granite counters
Stainless steel appliances
Parlor room
Laundry room
Schedule a Viewing
Contact Kelly Palmer for more information about the home or to schedule a viewing.
Phone: 307-870-7381
Website: Brokeragesouthwest.com
Office address: 601 Broadway, Rock Springs
Kitchen with Granite Counters
Dining Room
Living Room with Fireplace
Parlor
.
Master Suite
Master Bath
Bedroom
Laundry Room
Backyard
.
Paid Advertisement - This post was paid for by the business or individual represented above. We reserve the right to remove any comments. If you'd like to advertise your business in a future promotion similar to this, call our Advertising Team at 307-922-0700 or send us a message.
The new facility is slated to open in fall 2017 and will serve girls ages 12 to 17 on MHY's Mars campus
MHY Family Services
Contact
Kimberly Windisch
***@krolmedia.com Kimberly Windisch
End
-- MHY Family Services (MHY) is a leading behavioral health organization that serves at-risk youth and their families. Similar organizations throughout the region are reducing or eliminating residential services to youth with emotional and behavioral issues, leaving them and their families without access to appropriate care. MHY is committed to serving youth suffering from severe emotional trauma and has announced the re-launch of their Girls' RTF program this fall. The program was previously offered until 2016 when MHY elected to suspend the program.MHY recognized a glaring need for trauma-informed treatment programming for girls. To fill this crucial gap, MHY is restructuring their previous residential treatment facility (RTF) to offer a comprehensive, gender specific girls' program. This will provide a more intimate, targeted approach designed to help adolescent girls reach the other side of trauma."There is no other program like this in the region," said Lisa Schiller, MHY's Executive Director. "Our new Girls' RTF will not only provide gender specific programming, it will provide the tools needed to recover from significant mental health and behavioral issues. It will also keep these girls close to home and near their families, hopefully making it easier to heal."The program is designed to be sensitive and attentive to the unique developmental needs of teenage girls. Girls' RTF will be based on trauma-focused, cognitive behavior therapy with a concentration on individual sessions, consistent meetings with psychiatrists and at-home family sessions. The program's treatment length will be six to twelve months with the expectation that clients will reunite with their family, school and community successfully.MHY is working with Slippery Rock based, Ligo Architects on a plan to remodel an existing building on MHY's campus. The current two-story floor plan of the designated space will be transformed into a one-story living space that will accommodate eight girls, ages 12 to 17.The anticipated budget is expected to be approximately $300,000. Beyond the renovation costs, the Girls' RTF program will be sustained through reimbursements from Managed Care Organizations to support its day-to-day operations. MHY is actively seeking partnership to assist in the renovation of the facility space.For more information on MHY Family Services and to find out how to support the new Girls' RTF program, visit https://www.mhyfamilyservices.org
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Corrects 10th paragraph to say a majority vote of parliament, rather than two-thirds, needed to approve nominations)
* Good chance Kuroda will get another term but not certain
* May take until late Feb, early March to present nominee
* Timing depends on parliament debate on budget
* Career central banker will take 1 of 2 deputy governor posts
By Yoshifumi Takemoto and Leika Kihara
TOKYO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Japan's government will likely present to parliament its nominees of next central bank governor and deputy governors around mid- to late February at the earliest, sources familiar with the matter say.
There is a strong chance Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda will be reappointed when their five-year term ends in April, given premier Shinzo Abe's recent comments praising them for boosting growth, government and parliament sources say.
But this is by no means not a certainty, the sources say. While many in the market are betting on Kuroda's reappointment, some see the chance of other candidates such as Etsuro Honda, Abe's former aide who has expressed interest in the post, landing the job.
Kuroda and their two deputy governors - career central banker Hiroshi Nakaso and former academic Kikuo Iwata - will see their terms end on April 8 and March 19, respectively.
Nominees for such high-profile positions need approval by both houses of parliament to become effective. The government usually submits its nominees for various posts in two rounds.
The BOJ nominees are likely to be in the second round and won't be submitted to parliament until the first round gets approved, which may take until mid-February, the sources say.
That means the government's nominees for BOJ governor and deputy governors won't be presented to parliament until later this month or even early March, they say.
“It might not come until late February,” said a ruling party lawmaker familiar with the process, a view echoed by two other sources who spoke on condition of anonymity.
The timing will depend much on how smoothly the government can push through parliament the state budget for next fiscal year and find time to take the nominees' list for vote.
It is a near certainty the government's nominations will get the majority needed to pass parliament, as Abe's ruling coalition has enough seats in both houses of Diet.
The choice of the new BOJ leadership will be crucial as it would set the path of monetary policy and affect how quickly the central bank could follow in the footsteps of its U.S. and European peers in dialing back crisis-era stimulus steps.
While Kuroda has dismissed the chance of an early exit from easy policy, analysts see their reappointment as heightening the chance for a slow but steady shift toward monetary normalisation.
The choice of candidates with more radical views like Honda, an advocate of big fiscal spending financed by faster central bank money printing, may jolt markets as investors may see it as a break away from the current policy framework, analysts say.
The government will likely fill one of the two deputy posts with a career central banker with deep expertise on markets and technicalities of monetary policy, the sources say.
A reappointment of Nakaso or an appointment of BOJ Executive Director Masayoshi Amamiya, who masterminded many of the bank's monetary policy steps, are seen as possibilities, they say. (Additional reporting by Sumio Ito, Tetsushi Kajimoto and Takaya Yamaguchi; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
Metro police are investigating a crash at Nellis Boulevard and Sahara Avenue on June 14, 2017. (Source: LVACS)
Police are at the scene of a crash on June 14. 2017. (Roger Bryner/FOX5)
A moped driver died after a crash involving a dump truck Wednesday afternoon, according to Las Vegas Metro police.
Police responded to the incident at 2:17 p.m. at the intersection of Sahara Avenue and Nellis Boulevard.
Citing witnesses and evidence, police said a 1994 Freightliner Dump Truck was heading northbound on Nellis crossing Sahara on a green light when a 2016 moped traveling eastbound on the Sahara approaching Nellis did not stop for a red light and hit the dump truck. The front of the moped hit the side of the dump truck and the driver was ejected onto the pavement.
Police said the 73-year-old driver of the moped was taken to Sunrise Hospital with critical injuries but later died.
The driver of the dump truck did not sustain any injuries. They remained at the scene.
Metro's Fatal Detail is investigating the crash.
Police urge motorists to use alternate routes because the intersection has been shut down.
The intersection of the Sahara at Nellis is temporarily closed due to an injury crash. Please find alternate routes. #LVMPDnews — LVMPD (@LVMPD) June 14, 2017
The Clark County Coroner's Office will later release the identity of the deceased.
This marked the 64th traffic-related fatality in Metro's jurisdiction.
Stay with FOX5 and FOX5Vegas.com for developments.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
Iran has described as “illogical” a move on Sunday by Turkmenistan to halt gas supplies to the country as a result of a row over outstanding debts.
Turkmenistan's move - that came despite reports of an agreement on Friday over the disputed arrears by the media in Tehran – led to a halt in the activities of several power plants in northern Iran that run on gas.
Officials accordingly ordered a switch to liquid fuel in some of the power plants. Concerns emerged nonetheless that gas supplies in provinces such as Gilan, Mazandaran, and Golestan would not be enough to warm houses with winter already at doorsteps.
At the heart of the dispute between the two countries is a claim by Turkmenistan that Iran owes it $1.8 billion from sales between 2007 and 2008 when freezing winters led to severe shortages across 20 Iranian provinces, forcing the country to raise gas imports from its northeastern neighbor.
At the time, Turkmenistan pounced on the occasion to demand a nine-fold hike which yanked the price up to $360 from $40 for every 1,000 cubic meters of gas.
According to Turkmen officials, the balance has built up to a debt of $1.8 billion which Iran is rejecting and has threatened to take the case to international arbitration.
On Friday, the media in Iran said the two sides had reached an agreement over the dispute.
Officials in Tehran said talks would continue between the two sides over the next few months until a final agreement would be reached.
Iran's Ministry of Petroleum in a statement on Monday strongly criticized Turkmenistan's move to cut off supplies of gas to Iran that took place on Sunday morning.
The Ministry described as “illogical” the move which it said was based on a claim that Iran should make a rapid payment of the disputed debt.
It added that Turkmenistan – which it said had also turned the taps on Iran over price disputes during several past winters - had acted against an agreement that had been reached between Tehran and Ashgabat.
The Ministry further called on the nation to reduce consumption to compensate for the loss that a halt in imports from Turkmenistan could create throughout the cold season.
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share (before tax) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
MILWAUKEE - Matty Gonzales' clear, blue eyes looked straight ahead as they told the story. Even before they allowed themselves to share the more horrific details, the torment swimming in those eyes was apparent. The popular Milwaukee musician went to hell and back last year.
Gonzales traveled to Abu Dhabi last April to do IT work on a cruise ship bound for Singapore and Spain. It was work to be done whils ship was at sea. With a wide range of technical skills, Gonzales has done similar work in ports of call across the globe. The assignment wasn't expected to be any more or less exciting than their previous journeys.
They were only supposed to be in Abu Dhabi for six hours. That illusion vanished, though, when officers at the security entry point found the prescribed pain medicine Tramadol in their bag.
“Next thing I know, I'm being transported in a paddy wagon ,basically,” they said with a look of disbelief. “It was just a van, but we were shackled. I was like, ‘this isn't good.'”
Soon, Gonzales found themselves in a jail.
“As soon as we got to the jail, I was freaking out,” they said.
It was there in the lockup that their captors presented them with a document scrawled entirely in Arabic that they asked them to sign.
“As far as I was concerned, they were trying to get me to confess to smuggling twenty pounds of heroin or something so they could execute me. Like, I didn't know,” they said.
Gonzales made a vow.
“I'm not signing that. I'm just not,” they said.
That's when Gonzales ended up in a dark room, beneath intense lights, surrounded by men wearing surgical masks. They say they were subjected to electrical shocks and waterboarding.
“It's a lot worse than I ever imagined actually. You're drowning,” Gonzales said of the waterboarding. “Maybe it was ignorance, but I just always thought, ‘well that's not quite torture.'”
Gonzales didn't find out until later, the document their captors wanted them to sign was merely an acknowledgment of the charges against him.
Gonzales was moved from jail to a desert prison. They shared a cell designed for five prisoners with 19 others. Daytime temperatures were often well above 100 degrees.
And the prisoners weren't the only inhabitants of the desert dungeon.
“The bugs, the rats,” they said. “I woke up the first night with a rat on my forehead, and the bugs ... they're just crawling all over you constantly. That's when I would scream.”
As Gonzales remained locked up, their sister launched an aggressive social media campaign to free their brother. Denil reached out to U.S. Senators Tammy Baldwin (D) Wisconsin and Marco Rubio (R) Florida.
They also made countless trips to the Middle East to participate in court hearings in the hopes of obtaining their brother's freedom. Despite their efforts, Gonzales was sentenced to two years in the desert prison.
To call the experience hellish isn't an overstatement. Case in point, one of Gonzales's cellmates was a Type 1, insulin-dependent diabetic. They had been in the prison for over a year, and guards were well aware of their needs. Despite that fact, Gonzales says the guards arbitrarily decided to deny the man their insulin for an extended period of time.
“Died right in front of us,” Gonzales said. “The next morning, as if to prove their indifference to our humanity, they handcuffed their corpse and dragged him, just dragged them out, head bouncing down the concrete steps.”
Gonzales still isn't sure what happened that ultimately resulted in their freedom. They mentioned the efforts of Rubio and Baldwin. Denil's social media campaign was also successful in attracting the attention of media outlets.
“Mr. Gonzales' family contacted our office for help, so we reached out to the Trump Administration to bring this case to their attention and express concerns,” read a statement from Baldwin's office Thursday. “Senator Baldwin is pleased that their office could play a role in their safe return home to their friends and family.”
However it happened, in late June, Gonzales arrived at Chicago's O'Hare Airport to a warm embrace from their sister. That was followed a few days later by a big celebration and fundraiser at the Nomad World Pub downtown. Denil and Gonzales estimate the court costs, lawyer fees and travel expenses incurred exceeded $120,000.
Gonzales has no intention of abandoning their wanderlust. They have been a world traveler for much of their adult life. They are, however, crossing Abu Dhabi off their list.
“I don't know,” they said thoughtfully. “I'm hesitant to say just don't go there, but don't go there.”
April 28 Clairvest Group Inc
* Clairvest group inc says co, together with limited partnerships controlled by it, made a us$73.7 million investment in head infotech india pvt. Ltd
* Clairvest group inc says clairvest's portion of investment in head infotech india pvt. Ltd will be approximately us$40 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Ronnie Hughes: Strange Attractors ***
Limerick City Gallery of Art
Colours pop on the walls of the Limerick City Gallery, as Ronnie Hughes takes us on a dance through (almost) everything you could do with line and paint without getting representational. There are op art extravaganzas that make your eyes ache; bursts of geometric shapes that seem to warp the flat surfaces of the paper and canvas into pinnacles and troughs; and grids of line and colour to take your senses for a walk through a series of endless mazes.
Sligo-based Hughes, whose much earlier work focused on recognisable forms and figures, has in more recent years pulled up the anchors to all that, to explore the limits of seeing, freed from the shaping nature of stuff we think we already know. Put it this way: if poetry, at least in part, uses allusion and metaphor to attempt to get beyond the confines of words and give us glimpses into the infinity of feeling, emotion and matter outside of them, then abstract art does something similar with line, colour and the spaces in between.
“At one time I used to make work that used recognisable images to try to eke out ideas or expressions about particular thematic issues,” said Hughes during a series of discussions with Emer McGarry, curator at The Model, where this exhibition originated. “At a certain point I wondered what would happen if I emptied out the symbols and tried to work without reference to essentially linguistic ideas. I soon discovered that this was a folly as the world follows you into the work anyway.”
Intersections
Hughes is a generous artist, and is not the type to push you away by captioning work with a series of annoying Untitled I, II and III exclusions. Instead they give us clues to those intersections with the world. Titles such as Carnivale, Nebula, Cascade and Badass hint us into the work. Then there's their Circus series (one to seven), a set of colour blocks, like children's toy bricks, laid out in grids, following one another around the paper. It would be easy to step back and mutter words about how your five-year-old could have done it. But stop: first of all, your five-year-old didn't; and secondly, there's something deeper going on here.
A detail from Ronnie Hughes's work in Strange Attractors
A thing about colour, which is both tragic and magical, is that it can only be explained in relation to itself. Try to describe the green you're seeing when you look at a lush lawn, and you soon find you can only bring up comparators, which isn't much use if the person you're with sees green as what, to you, is blue. Anyone who has ever got stuck in one of those circular arguments over whether that lovely top is orange or pink will know that, looked at like this, colour is a metaphor for the impossibility of ever fully understanding someone else's perspective.
Part of the reason for this is that colour isn't a matter of fact, but of perception, and this is surely one of the reasons that abstract art like this has fascinated since first cameras liberated the painter from coming up with things that looked like things. Now they could make things that feel like things too.
In this, Hughes's work sits in a distinguished line of artists trying to get behind the language of image and symbol, including, on the op art side, Bridget Riley, and, in the pure geometries field, Piet Mondrian.
Shades of grey
Weave, a large acrylic on cotton, in which rectangles in shades of grey are punctuated with bright candy-coloured squares, took me right back to Mondrian's famous Broadway Boogie Woogie, which they painted in 1943, after their move to New York. That work is an amazing dance of chance encounters, geometries underlying the seeming chaos and the adventure of popping colour everywhere – a very apt rendering both of the city and the New York state of mind.
Another artist whose gestures are everywhere in this show is Brian O'Doherty. O'Doherty's use of the lines and spaces of Ogham as a metaphor for the hidden languages of structure, emotion and feeling that lie behind – and therefore reach far deeper than – word and image is paralleled in Hughes's grids. That said, Hughes, here and there, brings in more organic forms, swirls and dots, which also hark back to earlier phases of their own work.
All in all it's a satisfying adventure, so forget literal meaning, and you might find you gain something rather more.
Chris Doris: The Space Between ***
Shown alongside Strange Attractors, Chris Doris picks up on that idea of exploring the things that colour can do. The fascinating thing is that colour doesn't really exist, not in a fixed, stable way. Light changes it, as does the way our brains and eyes work, so it's a uniquely personal experience.
Mark Rothko, whose work is a clear influence on Doris's Open Painting series, used to sit in their studio for hours, watching the changing daylight altering the subtleties of their shimmering colour-field paintings.
When you're depressed, a trick to ease the mind is to concentrate on colour. Focusing on the grey or blue of the sea, or the greens in nature, can go some way to relieving your brain of circling thoughts. Colour appreciation is, apparently, connected to different neural pathways. It's no surprise then to discover that Doris, who graduated from Dún Laoghaire College of Art in the mid-1980s, also works as a healer, and there's no doubt that looking at their gentle gradations of colour – a pale mauve, outlined on three sides with ochre; olive green, with a greyer green border – has a calming effect.
Different-coloured squares
These works are also in a direct line to Josef Albers, whose hundreds of paintings and prints based on different-coloured squares, known as Homage to the Square, were begun in 1949. In these, Albers explored how colours inflect one another. Red makes blue recede, yellow can cause orange to sing. “All my doing,” they wrote, “was to make people see.”
In Doris's hands, the colour choices are, instead, a set of gently profound invitations to meditate. Seeing, maybe, but in the mind's eye.
In contrast, Who Goes There is a grid of 200 A4 images on sandpaper. Black and white scratchings of words and images, veering between anger and resignation, declamation and introspection: the mental noise, perhaps, that makes respite so necessary.
Limerick City Gallery of Art, Pery Square, Limerick. Both exhibitions until August 27th
Correction: Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at 'A-'; Outlook Stable
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) HONG KONG, June 14 (Fitch) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited's immediate parent. Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited's (CUPI) Insurer Financial Strength Rating (IFS) at 'A-' (Strong). The Outlook is Stable. KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co.,
ISTANBUL The Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) militant group said on Wednesday its militants carried out Tuesday's bomb attack on a police compound in the southeastern Turkish city of Diyarbakir, in which three people were killed including a police officer.
A statement on a PKK website said its militants had planted more than 2.5 tonnes of explosives under the compound in an attack days before a referendum on expanding President Tayyip Erdoğan's powers.
PKK is designated a terrorist organisation by Turkey, the European Union and the United States.
(Reporting by Humeyra Pamuk; Editing by Daren Butler)
TOKYO, April 5 China's growing retail gas market could offer plenty of opportunities for foreign investment, with Beijing pushing to curb its reliance on coal as it battles pollution, KPMG's China energy specialist said on Wednesday.
The world's top energy user aims to nearly triple the role of gas in its energy mix to around 15 percent by 2030, boosting use of the cleaner fuel as it looks to combat smog that often blankets many cities.
"There is still lots of growth potential in the city gas market in China," Raymond Ng, KPMG's head of energy and natural resources for China, told Reuters in an interview in Tokyo.
"A lot of investments are still required and there are no restrictions for foreign investors in the city gas area."
China's top economic planner from October made a series of policy announcements to boost the gas sector including allowing storage operators to negotiate rates directly with customers.
But Ng believes that Beijing is unlikely to open investments into key trunk gas pipeline infrastructure to foreign players as existing operators PetroChina, Sinopec Corp and CNOOC could easily raise funds needed for expansion from local investors.
"The city gas market is open to domestic and foreign private companies, but I see trunk pipeline infrastructure continuing to be dominated by state-owned enterprises and domestic financial investors," said Ng.
(Reporting by Yuka Obayashi; Editing by Joseph Radford)
Britain Soccer Football - Everton v Burnley - Premier League - Goodison Park - 15/4/17 Everton's Ross Barkley applauds fans as they walk off to be substituted Reuters / Andrew Yates Livepic
LIVERPOOL, England Premier League club Everton rallied around their midfielder Ross Barkley on Saturday after a newspaper columnist compared them to a gorilla and made a series of disparaging statements about the England international and the residents of Liverpool.
The club announced on Saturday that The Sun newspaper, whose former editor Kelvin MacKenzie wrote the column, would be banned from covering their games and press events.
Everton fans then gave Barkley a rapturous reception as they came on to the pitch for the home match against Burnley at Goodison Park and again when they scored in the 3-1 win.
The Sun has suspended MacKenzie and apologised for the column which they said made "unfunny" and "wrong" comments about the people of Liverpool.
The paper also said they had not been aware of the family heritage of Barkley, whose grandfather was born in Nigeria. MacKenzie too said they were unaware of Barkley's family background and denied their article was racist.
MacKenzie's column has been reported to the police by the mayor of Liverpool Joe Anderson, who has also issued a complaint to the press watchdog.
Merseyside police confirmed they have received a complaint about the article and that they were carrying out enquiries.
The Sun is already banned by Everton's city rivals Liverpool due to their coverage of the Hillsborough disaster in which 96 people lost their lives in 1989.
MacKenzie was editor of the newspaper during its coverage, which was widely criticised for blaming fans for the disaster and accusing them of poor behaviour. The Sun later apologised for the coverage.
Saturday marked the 28th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster and Everton held a minute's applause in memory of the victims prior to the kick off of their Premier League game with Burnley.
Barkley, who was attacked in a Liverpool bar last Sunday in an incident which prompted the scathing column, was given a warm welcome by Everton fans and after they scored their second goal, was booked by the referee for celebrating with them.
They were then given a standing ovation when substituted in the final minutes of the game.
Their manager Ronald Koeman said they understood Barkley's desire to embrace the fans, even if it meant picking up a caution.
"Of course, I can understand. Because I think what happened last week had a really big impact on him. I think they were focused on the football side this week and also this afternoon," Koeman told reporters.
The Dutchman said that Barkley had never been in danger of being left out of the team despite their difficult week.
"I think it is the best way to play football and forget what happened last week," said Koeman.
Barkley did not speak to reporters but took to Instagram, saying "The fans were brilliant today".
Before the game, Everton issued a statement regarding their banning of The Sun.
"Yesterday Everton Football Club informed The Sun newspaper it was banned from Goodison Park, the USM Finch Farm training ground and all areas of the Club's operation," the statement said.
"Whilst we will not dignify any journalist with a response to appalling and indefensible allegations, the newspaper has to know that any attack on this City, either against a much respected community or individual, is not acceptable."
(Reporting by Simon Evans; Editing by Ian Chadband)
Automated Fare Collection System Market was valued at $4.81 billion in 2016 and is projected to reach $12.81 billion by 2024, growing at a CAGR of 13.3% from 2017 to 2024.
An automated fare collection system also called as AFC system is the set of components that automate the ticketing system of a public transportation network by an automated and improvised version of manual fare collection. The AFC system is usually the basis for integrated ticketing. Various technologies like contactless smart cards have been seen more frequently in AFC, This system enables efficiency in fare collection, improves the overall transaction rate, and saves an extensive amount of time, thereby minimizing waiting time in queues and searching for cash to buy tickets. In addition, it is the easiest method for revenue collection. AFC offers travelers to carry one card for use on all transit modes. For Example, Delhi Metro Rail has provided smart cards which reduced traffic congestion and waiting in queues. The AFC system consists of the components like automatic gate machine, ticket vending machine and ticket checking machine.
Request Sample Copy of the Report@https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/automated-fare-collection-system-market/request-sample
Market Determinants
Factors that are driving the growth of the AFC market are the enhanced benefits of AFC. Orientation of the people towards adopting new technologies, and the development of new technologies for AFC such as advanced traffic management system, commercial vehicle operation, AFC enabled retail system, automated transportation pricing system, and advanced public transportation system are driving the AFC market growth. This technology also helps to eliminate the need for carrying out operations manually, which is a very hectic task. AFC also reduces the risk of errors, as the operations carried out by machines are more accurate and precise, and the probability of errors is very less. Another major plus point of the AFC technology is that it is much more effective in terms of security for transactions as compared to other manual methods. Influenced by these factors, the governments of various countries are investing on numerous AFC projects. However, Lack of Awareness and limited use of smart cards can act as the restraints for the growth of AFC Market.
Market Segmentation
The segmentation of the AFC market is done on the basis of Component, Application, Technology Platform and Geography. On the basis of the component, the market is segmented as Hardware and Software. By application, the market is segmented as Bus, Toll, Train, and Car rentals. On the basis of technology platform, the market is segmented as Smart Card, NFC, OCR and Others. On the basis of geography, the market is segmented as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of World.
Global AFC Market revenue by geography, 2016 ($ Million)
Some major players in the market are Advanced Card Systems Ltd., Atos SE, Cubic Transportation Systems, LG CNS, NXP Semiconductors, Omron Corp., Samsung SDS, Scheidt & Bachmann, Thales Group, LECIP Group.
AUTOMATED FARE COLLECTION SYSTEM MARKET SEGMENTATION:
On the Basis of Component
• Hardware
• Software
On the Basis of Application
• Bus
• Toll
• Train
• Car Rental
On the Basis of Technology Platform
• Smart Card
• NFC
• OCR
• Others (Magnetic Strips and Bar Codes)
On the Basis of Geography
• North America
• Europe
• Asia-Pacific
• LAMEA
Key Market Players
Advanced Card Systems Ltd.
• Atos SE
• Cubic Transportation Systems
• LG CNS
• NXP Semiconductors
• Omron Corp.
• Samsung SDS
• Scheidt & Bachmann
• Thales Group
• LECIP Group
Request for Customized Report @https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/automated-fare-collection-system-market/request-customise-form
About Esticast Research &Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Address:Sr. No.8/2A/1, Vitthal Heights, Above Yashwant, Kharadi, Pune-411014
Tel: +91-20-65606016
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
Web: https://www.esticastresearch.com
WE have one message to send to the Filipino public and all our readers about the bird flu outbreak in Pampanga: Trust the government. It knows what it is doing. Within a few days, it will have the situation fully under control and returned to normal.
With the agriculture and health departments acting swiftly and taking the lead, the government is proving that it has the administrative capability and technical knowhow to effectively deal with the bird flu outbreak in one town in Pampanga. It has imposed restrictions to contain the emergency within the area most affected. It has provided the public with vital information to understand the health hazard, avert public panic, and ensure the vital poultry industry from an economic disaster.
In a media briefing yesterday, Agriculture Secretary Manny Piñol explained the restrictions that government has imposed in the wake of the bird flu outbreak.
In an interview with CNN Philippines, Piñol said the restrictions are limited to a 7-kilometer radius, with the Pampanga town of San Luis as ground zero.
“It is in these areas that we have controlled the movement of poultry and poultry products. This means that within the 7-kilometer radius, no one can bring out poultry and poultry products,” they said.
Piñol said workers will cull chicken Monday and Tuesday in order to isolate and kill infected birds.
They reiterated that the virus strain found in birds, including chickens, in San Luis—H5—is not transmissible to humans, although additional samples were sent to an Australian laboratory to determine if it is positive for H5N6, which can affect humans.
The results will be known “within the next 12 days,” they said.
Piñol also took the opportunity to explain that the ban on fowl shipments from Luzon is a “precautionary measure.”
They said that governors and mayors in the region were directed to institute quarantine measures in their localities to prevent the spread of the virus.
For its part, the Department of Health worked round the clock to assure the public that “safety is of utmost concern” to the government.
Health Assistant Secretary Eric Tayag said through CNN that proper precaution must be taken by people to prevent possible infection.
They explained that the virus mainly affects birds, and while there is “a potential” of transfer to humans, the possibility of this happening is “very difficult or remote.”
“This is a bird flu virus so it mainly affects birds, not humans,” Tayag clarified.
Human-to-human infections are difficult as well, said Tayag.
“Up to this time, there is no sustained human-to-human transmission. But we are on the lookout because if it mixes with the human influenza virus, it can mutate,” they said.
It is those instances, Tayag said, that can cause alarm. But they squarely laid to rest the worries of people who are fond of eating chicken.
“Properly cooked chicken not only protects you against bird flu, but against other pathogens as well,” they said.
Tayag explained that safety measures are in place in the areas where the virus was detected. Epidemiologists have been deployed in farms to check on the health of farmworkers.
Should there be signs of illness—fever, sore throat, or cough—these individuals will be tested to determine whether they are positive of the bird flu virus.
These measures taken together will go a long way in preventing public panic and establishing normality in Pampanga and the entire country.
Contact
Joe Hughes/ N O W! Communications
***@nowcommunications.com.au Joe Hughes/ N O W! Communications
End
-- Have you ever wondered what happens to the thousands of athletes who retire in their chosen sport and don't get a job in the commentary box?Many of them struggle through the early part of 'life after sport', because they are lost. They have nowhere to be at a certain time and no teammates or coaches around.This is the reality and the life of most sports stars after their career.Crossing the Line Sport is presenting Australia's first athlete-led summit in dealing with athlete welfare, life after sport and anti-doping.Current Olympic champion Kim Brennan, USA diving superstar and four-time Olympic gold medal winner Greg Louganis and former Wallaby Dan Vickerman are headlining the event. The first event of its type in the Southern Hemisphere will include an international stellar line-up of speakers, who have won gold medals, grand finals, represented their country and competed at Olympic and Paralympic Games."The aim of this unique summit is to educate current athletes and coaches on how to prepare for life after sport - mentally and emotionally. We also want to teach ex-athletes how to harness their transferable skills and take these into the world, beyond sport", said Gearoid Towey, Founder, Crossing the Line Sport.20 athletes including Daniel Kowalski (4 x Olympic medalist), Shelley Gorman (Hall of Fame Basketball player), NRL star Dene Halatau and 'Oarsome Foursome' legend, Mike McKay will tell their stories for current and future athletes, with the hope of educating them around athlete welfare.The Summit will bring together athletes, ex-athletes, coaches, people who care for athletes, athlete families, decision makers in the sporting world, sponsors, sports agents and journalists."I am excited to join an impressive line up of speakers and participate in this years Crossing the Line Summit. This summit will address the issues facing our athletes today, including career transition, headspace, life after sport and the ongoing presence of doping. It will discuss realistic solutions going forward and offer many takeaways", said Greg Louganis, former USA Olympic diver.The top three tips for any athlete as they begin their career transition are:1. Preparing for life after sport should begin as soon as you start chasing the dream. Remember, you are just one injury away from the end of a career, so plan as early as you can.2. Harness the skills which made you successful at sport such as teamwork, leadership and self belief because these are essential in the workplace and start networking NOW!3. Look after your mental and emotional health. Asking for help is not a weakness. Not asking for help could negatively impact your sports career and the rest of your life. Tell someone you trust.To interview Gearoid Towey, Founder, Crossing the Line and triple Olympian, on this Summit and their top tips for all athletes around career transition, please contact Joe Hughes from N O W! Communications on joe@nowcommunications.com.au or 0455 494 409.-ENDS-*Additional informationDate: 25February, 2017Venue: Aerial UTS Function Centre, Level 7, Building 10, 235 Jones Street, Ultimo, NSW 2007Program & Format: Panel discussions from 8.30am – 7.30pmFor more information on the event and the full line-up of speakers sees here: www.crossingthelinesport.com/ summits The event can also be followed worldwide via live streaming and on demand.About Crossing The Line SportCrossing The Line Sport is all about athlete wellbeing and retirement. We are here to talk about the good, the bad and the ugly of athlete retirement and personal welfare. We are not affiliated to any sports organisation or governing body. We are assisting athletes of all levels around the world by offering a space where they can share stories confidentially, receive advice from experts and any information relevant to athlete retirement. This service is run by athletes for anyone who has chased a sporting or performance dream, no matter what level they attained.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BRASILIA, April 5 State-controlled lender Caixa Econômica Federal expects Brazilian workers to withdraw a total of 35 billion reais ($11.3 billion) from a severance fund by the end of July, as part of government efforts to stimulate the economy amid frail signs of a recovery.
In December, President Michel Temer's administration announced it would allow Brazilians to extract all money from so-called FGTS accounts that were inactive for over three years.
Under previous law, those funds could only be accessed if a worker was fired, retired or needed money to acquire property.
Handing out extra cash to consumers could boost spending as Latin America's largest economy slowly stabilizes from its deepest recession on record. Households have yet to benefit from the early recovery following years of rampant debt-fueled consumption.
Speaking at an event in Brasília, Caixa Chief Executive Gilberto Occhi said the bank will bring forward the start of the second phase of withdrawals, which encompasses workers born in the months of March, April and May, to Saturday from Monday, in response to heavy demand.
In the first phase of withdrawals in March, Brazilians born in the months of January and February withdrew a total of 5.9 billion reais.
According to Caixa's press office, up to 11.2 billion reais are available for withdrawal in April, or 26 percent of total funds.
($1 = 3.0897 reais) (Reporting by Marcela Ayres; Writing by Bruno Federowski; Editing by Alden Bentley)
SYDNEY Hundreds of secret Swiss bank accounts identified by Australian authorities as part of a global tax evasion and money laundering investigation are still in use, a top tax official said on Wednesday.
Coordinated raids on scores of suspicious bank accounts began last week in Australia, the Netherlands, Britain, Germany and France, with at least two arrests so far.
Australian regulators are making inquiries on a list of 1,000 individuals that was provided to them by their Dutch counterparts. Out of that, Australia has already identified more than 340 and is still making inquiries to expose the remainder.
"This seems to be a more current list," Michael Cranston, Deputy Commissioner, Australian Tax Office told Reuters by phone. "Our understanding is some are active accounts. The information we've got suggests a lot of them would be active over the last year or two."
Cranston declined to specify those being investigated, only saying that one Swiss bank was at the center of the investigation.
Swiss bank Credit Suisse (CSGN.S) came out last week to reveal its offices in London, Paris and Amsterdam were contacted by local authorities concerning client tax matters.
In Australia, the surveillance is being carried out by the Serious Financial Crime Task Force (SFCT), of which the ATO is a part.
"We're actually making inquiries with those taxpayers. We'll make the necessary adjustments and impose the necessary penalties," Cranston said.
"If we find links to accountants as facilitators, they may be subject to criminal investigation. It all depends on what we find."
(Reporting by Swati Pandey; Editing by Randy Fabi)
An exterior view of the tower of the Institute for Works of Religion (IOR) in Vatican City in 2011. REUTERS/Stringer
ROME Italy put the Vatican on its "white list" of states with cooperative financial institutions on Tuesday, ending years of mistrust and providing an endorsement of efforts by Pope Francis to clean up the city state's banking sector.
The list includes countries with which Italy has agreements on the exchange of financial and tax information, such as other EU member states.
The upgrade was formalised in a decree published in the government's Official Gazette.
The Vatican is a sovereign state in the middle of Rome whose financial activities the Bank of Italy had for decades viewed with suspicion.
Last July the BOI and Vatican's Financial Information Authority (AIF), signed a cooperation agreement allowing authorities to monitor transactions between Italian
financial entities and the Vatican.
Inclusion on the white list follows more than five years of reforms, started under former Pope Benedict and strengthened under Francis, to bring the Vatican and its troubled bank up to international standards to guarantee transparency and combat money laundering.
Financial organisations had long criticised the Vatican
for providing a tax haven for well-connected Italians by allowing them to hold accounts in the Vatican bank, formally known as the Institute for Works of Religion (IOR).
Francis has made financial reform a central plank of
their papacy and under their watch the IOR closed thousands of
accounts held by people with little or no connection to the Vatican.
The IOR's mandate is to manage funds for Vatican employees, religious orders and charities.
Francis also greatly increased the power and independence of the Vatican's financial intelligence unit.
In 2015, European financial crimes watchdog Moneyval, which had previously criticised the Vatican, issued an overwhelmingly positive report, saying it had made great strides in cleaning up its finances.
Relations between Italy's central bank and the Vatican turned sour 1982 when Italian magistrates held the IOR partly responsible for the crash of Banco Ambrosiano, then Italy's largest private bank.
In 2010, Italian banks, prodded by the central bank and Italian investigating magistrates, stopped dealing with the IOR, and in 2012 Italy blocked the use of debit and credit cards in
the Vatican.
(Reporting By Philip Pullella; editing by John Stonestreet)
April 10 Australian shares are likely to gain slightly on Monday, as energy stocks are expected to strengthen after oil prices shot up following a U.S. missile airstrike on a Syrian airbase. Oil prices rose on Friday, trading near a one-month high and closing the week up 3 percent after the United States fired missiles at a Syrian government air base. New Zealand's benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index fell 12.28 points or 0.17 percent in early trade. For a summary of overnight action across global markets, double-click on For a digest of the day's business stories in Australian newspapers, double-click on (Reporting by Ambar Warrick in Bengaluru; Editing by Mary Milliken)
Romania's president asks ruling coalition to solve internal crisis
BUCHAREST, June 15 Romanian President Klaus Iohannis on Thursday called on politicians to solve the country's political crisis and will only appoint a new prime minister if the incumbent resigns or loses a non-confidence vote in parliament, their spokesperson said on Thursday.
UPDATE 1-Russia's Polyus sets price range for share offer in London, Moscow
MOSCOW, June 15 Russia's top gold producer Polyus said on Thursday it had set a price range for the offering of between 7 and 9 percent of its shares, including new shares, in London and Moscow.
A combination picture shows five candidates for the French 2017 presidential election, from L-R, Francois Fillon, the Republicans political party candidate, Benoit Hamon, French Socialist party candidate, Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader, Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche ! (Onwards !), Jean-Luc Melenchon, candidate of the French far-left Parti de Gauche, in Paris, France. REUTERS/Charles Platiau/File Photos
FILE PHOTO: A man looks at campaign posters of the 11th candidates who run in the 2017 French presidential election in Saint Andre de La Roche, near Nice, France, April 10, 2017. L-R : Nicolas Dupont-Aignan, Debout La France group candidate, Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader, Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche ! (Onwards !), French Socialist party candidate Benoit Hamon, Nathalie Arthaud, France's extreme-left Lutte Ouvriere political party (LO) leader, Philippe Poutou, Anti-Capitalist Party (NPA) presidential candidate, Jacques Cheminade, 'Solidarite et Progres' (Solidarity and Progress) party candidate, lawmaker and independent candidate Jean Lassalle, Jean-Luc Melenchon, candidate of the French far-left Parti de Gauche, Francois Asselineau, UPR candidate, and Francois Fillon, the Republicans political party candidate. REUTERS/Eric Gaillard/File Photo
PARIS Pensioner Jeannine Delaplane, care-worker Cecile Lungeri, and millions like them are giving French presidential candidates and pollsters nightmares.
Less than two weeks before the first round of the election, they still do not know who to vote for, and may not show up at the polling station at all.
Opinion polls show around a third of France's 45.7 million voters might abstain, an unprecedented number in a country with a long tradition of high turnouts. Even among those who intend to vote, about one third have yet to make up their mind on how to cast their ballot.
Reasons range from disgust over scandals involving established politicians to dislike among many voters of all the candidates' personalities or platforms. Added to this is simple confusion: what once looked like a straightforward two-horse race between conservative Francois Fillon and far-right leader Marine Le Pen has produced many surprises.
With voters' intentions so fluid, four candidates are now in with a fighting chance of coming first and second in the April 23 first round, thereby qualifying for the runoff on May 7. By contrast, support for the candidate of the ruling Socialists has collapsed.
All this has cast extra doubt over a campaign whose unpredictability is unnerving financial markets.
Delaplane, 81, is among those agonising over how to vote. "I just can't choose. I've never seen a campaign like this," they said as they waited to catch a glimpse of Fillon at a rally in the town of Provins, a conservative stronghold east of Paris.
 They are hesitating between backing Fillon or far-right National Front leader Marine Le Pen.
However, the mainstream conservative is tainted by scandal - they are under formal investigation on suspicion of financial impropriety, although they deny doing anything illegal - and has slid to third. On the other hand, many voters regard Le Pen as an extremist, along with the far-left's Jean-Luc Melenchon.
A fourth contender, the centrist and new favourite Emmanuel Macron, has never held elected office, was unknown to most of the electorate until nearly three years ago when they became economy minister, and runs a party that is just a year old.
For dental technician-turned-painter Herve Gass, the entire field is unappealing. "I'm in a complete bind," they said at their studio in an historic part of Provins. "I've been put off politics like never before."
Gass, 63, previously voted conservative but said they had gone off Fillon due to the scandal, while they regarded Le Pen as too radical and 39-year-old Macron as too young and untested. As a result, Gass said they might abstain or enter a blank vote.
Infographic ID: '2jLwO20'
ABYSMAL RATINGS
The past six months have seen veteran politicians from the two mainstream parties that have governed France for decades kicked out of the race one after the other, losing party primaries or throwing in the towel because of abysmal ratings.
Instead, Le Pen and Macron are forecast to contest the run-off, with the ex-banker seen winning easily. Still, the first round is no forgone conclusion; Fillon is making a tentative comeback and Melenchon is emerging as the latest sensation thanks in part to their strong TV debating skills.
In percentage terms, support for Macron and Le Pen is in the low twenties and falling, while Melenchon and Fillon are in the high teens and rising; daily polls put as little as 6 percentage points between all four.
Across France, voters of all political stripes have been telling Reuters they're not sure what to make of it all.
"I don't even know if I will vote at all this time," said Lungeri, the 38-year-old carer from Nice who was traditionally a mainstream right voter. "They're all corrupt."
The level of undecided voters has been falling but remains high. While about 80 percent of voters turned out for both rounds of the 2012 presidential elections, predictions for this time remain low, creating a headache for pollsters.
"There is uncertainty for all the candidates," said Francois Miquet-Marty of Viavoice. "If voting intentions remain that close, abstention will play a key role."
IMPOSSIBLE FORECASTS?
Macron, who launched their campaign only in November, has the extra handicap of lacking the support of a well-established party.
Polls consistently show Le Pen as having the most decided supporters, with over 80 percent being sure of their choice, but recent surveys have seen the level of certainty of the Macron vote rise, in one case to over 70 percent.
Miquet-Marty said Le Pen could yet be vulnerable as they rely heavily on support among young and working class voters, two groups where abstention is forecast to be high.
The one election in recent history when turnout was far below average was in 2002. Then, a 28 percent abstention rate helped propel Le Pen's father, National Front founder Jean-Marie Le Pen, into the run-off with only 17 percent of the first round vote. Mainstream voters then rallied behind the centre-right candidate Jacques Chirac in the second round, returning turnout to its habitual 80 percent and giving them a decisive victory.
Today the political landscape is more blurred. Analysts say much will depend on who makes the second round. For instance, many left-wing voters would find it hard to back Fillon.
"It's a real challenge for the candidates, they really need to convince voters to go out there and vote," said Frederic Dabi of Ifop pollsters, stressing there was a growing feeling among many that voting "has become pointless".
Voters' loyalty to parties is much more tenuous than it used to be, and some are swinging across the spectrum.
Camille Diener, a physiotherapist from Strasbourg, backed Nicolas Sarkozy, a conservative president from 2007 to 2012, in past elections. This time they are so disappointed by Fillon they have even contemplated a protest vote for Melenchon.
"I don't have a candidate any more," the 28-year-old said, adding that they were ultimately leaning towards Macron.
"This election is just unbelievable," a minister in the Socialist government said on condition of anonymity. "What strikes me, even beyond the high abstention, is how impossible it is to make forecasts: people waver between Fillon and Melenchon, between Le Pen and Macron, based on the most bizarre reasoning."
With the second round to be held in the middle of a long, holiday weekend, many voters might just opt to go to the beach or fishing rather than address their tricky, and in some cases distasteful, election dilemma.
"I'm telling people enough is enough, screw it, stay home!" said Doriane Slamani, a resident of Villeneuve-Saint-Georges near Paris, who for the first time will skip a presidential election. "No candidate deserves my vote."
(Additional reporting by Reuters France reporters; Writing by Ingrid Melander; Editing by Andrew Callus and David Stamp)
April 20 S&P Global Ratings:
* S&P says Eastern Illinois University AFS bonds, COPs ratings lowered to 'B' from 'BB', placed on CreditWatch negative
* Says lowered SPUR to 'B' from 'BB' on Eastern Illinois University's outstanding certificates of participation
* Lowered ratings reflect view of Eastern Illinois University's declining enrollment, very slim available resources, dependence on state appropriations for operations
* Downgrade reflects view of affect of Illinois' severe budgetary challenges, as demonstrated by nearly 2-year budget impasse, on EIU's financial position
* Says "it is our opinion that state appropriations to public universities in Illinois will remain uncertain in the intermediate term" Source text: (bit.ly/2oVMmA0)
How should the U.S. respond to cyberattacks? That's been a major question at this year's RSA security conference, following Russia's suspected attempt to influence last year's election.
Clearly, the government should be doing more on cybersecurity, said U.S. lawmakers and officials at the show in San Francisco, but they admit that politics and policy conflicts have hampered the government's approach.
“I wish the federal government could do this, but it's very hard, unfortunately, due to partisan politics,” said Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, during a speech at the show. “They haven't been able to take the lead on this issue as they should have.”
Instead, it might be up to the states to assume a larger role in promoting cybersecurity, given that divisive politics at the federal level have been stalling government action, McAuliffe said on Tuesday.
Michael Kan The RSA conference 2017.
Collectively, state governments store more data than the federal government, including residents' tax returns, healthcare records and drivers' licenses, they said. That can make them targets of hackers, so McAuliffe has been urging other states to make cybersecurity a priority.
“It's up to the governors of this country to lean in and take the lead,” they said.
At the RSA show, U.S. Rep. Michael McCaul (R-Texas) said the U.S. is falling behind on cybersecurity, pointing to the numerous hacks from state-sponsored hackers. “We are in the fight of our digital lives and we are not winning,” they said.
McCaul, who also chairs the House committee on Homeland Security, said Russia's suspected involvement in influencing last year's election was a “wake-up call.” But they were disappointed with the responses from the administration of President Barack Obama and Donald Trump, then a presidential candidate, to the Kremlin's alleged meddling.
“If there are no consequences for bad behavior, the bad behavior will continue,” they said. “Unfortunately, we still do not have a clear proportionate response, policies for striking back.”
However, coming up with a U.S. doctrine on stopping serious cyberattacks is easier said than done.
“One of the big questions out there is what is an act of war in cyberspace?” said Daniel Lerner, a staff member at the U.S. Senate committee on Armed Services, who also spoke at the show.
Currently, the U.S. treats every serious cyberattack on a case-by-case basis, which does little to dissuade the state-sponsored hackers from attacking in the first place, they said.
“That's no way to project deterrence. And it really undermines our overall security posture, if every instance is a crisis,” Lerner said.
It doesn't help that trying to accurately prove a foreign country was behind a cyberattack can be incredibly hard and might involve sensitive intelligence.
For instance, U.S. intelligence agencies have declined to share publicly classified evidence showing why they suspect Russia was behind last year's election-related hacks. In addition, the Kremlin has denied any involvement.
Nevertheless, more U.S. government officials want to see the country take action in the event of another cyberattack, said Brendan Shields, staff director at the House committee on Homeland Security.
“The fuse is getting shorter and shorter,” they said at a panel discussion at RSA. “I think there is a growing desire for making sure deterrence is real.”
Michael Kan Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, left, speaking at the RSA conference.
However, going after state-sponsored hackers is only one aspect of the problem. Much more of it has to do with defense, and protecting users from hacking threats that are coming over consumer-made products or websites.
It's an area where the private sector also needs to play a crucial role, given that IT vendors have most of the cybersecurity talent, McAuliffe said.
“We need your ideas. We need the private sector,” McAuliffe said. “We at the state government cannot drive this. The federal government cannot drive this.”
By John Lee.
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has declared “the ending of entire clearance of the Aljazeera in Nineveh and Anbar completely, and we have full control along the Iraqi-Syrian … Border.”
Al-Abadi has said that the victories were achieved by unity and determination. “The enemy wanted to destroy our country and civilization and we have countered and defeated it.”
The Special Representative of the Secretary-General (SRSG) for Iraq, Mr. Ján Kubiš, congratulated Iraq on the complete liberation of all of its territory from the Daesh terrorists:
“On this day, we remember all those who paid the ultimate price. Our thoughts are with the families of the martyrs and fighters from all around the country that stepped forward to save their country, and with the millions who have been displaced and are eagerly waiting to return to their homes to rebuild their lives.”
(Sources: Office of the Iraqi Prime Minister, UN)
For mobile app users, security is top priority and this is something you need to know when developing an app for your small business.
App Privacy Concern
For example, 82 percent of users want clear reasons why your business app is requesting their personal information , a new study has found. If you're asking someone using your mobile app to give you their location and other private data, you had better be prepared to come up with a good reason why.
Safety of Personal Information Important to Users
According to the report by B2B ratings and reviews firm Clutch, emphasizing security is especially crucial if your app requires sensitive financial information, such as bank account numbers.
A large number of respondents (76 percent) said the safety of their personal information was very important to them.
Users Prefer Shorter Onboarding Process
Mobile users also don't want to spend too much time getting started.
The report revealed nearly three-quarters (72 percent) of respondents thought the app onboarding process should take 60 seconds or less. In fact, the more time participants had to spend providing information, the more frustrated they became.
Focus on Data Security and Faster Onboarding to Win Customers
As the report shows, building a secure interface should be high on every business owner's list of priorities.
It's also important to emphasize app privacy to assure users their information is absolutely safe and gain their confidence. Take the PayPal app, for instance. Users get a prompt notification, informing them their account details will be protected by the company.
“Laying out the technical specifics… won't actually make people feel as secure as they should feel,” said Jordan DeVries, director of UX and UX/UI firm Brave UX. “Rather, the sense of security is much more of a long play.”
To boost user experience, it's also important to reduce the onboarding time. The study shows if users become impatient during a key moment like onboarding, they're more likely to “churn” — to stop using the app.
A faster, easy-to-navigate user interface can help businesses keep their users engaged.
Clutch surveyed 501 individuals across the United States who have installed and subsequently used an app requiring set up of an account within the past three months.
Who is Concerned About Research Paper Writing Service and Why You Should Care
Research Paper Writing Service – What Is It?
Keep away from choosing broad themes because it will allow it to be harder for you to explore about it and to establish your claims or signify it's too specific that it's not feasible that you expound such topic. The exact first thing that you would like to do would be to examine your own research. Nursing exploration necessitates intensive investigation, experiments and studies to consider about the most useful outcomes.
Research Paper Writing Service – the Conspiracy
When you compose an essay, you make an effort to pay exactly what you're conscious of and consider an issue. Therefore whenever you're writing an article, you're harnessing the comprehensive might of civilization into a own life. Every single time you attempt to locate a manner that will help you to find the absolute best essay for your own admissions you have to decide on the low-cost personalized essay writing providers at with no thought.
The job of producing products and services is assembled in several manners. Additionally, it really is quite helpful if the creating service can supply you with all the opportunity of confidential connection with your own writer. So, you ought to be very careful when choosing the creating service to you personally. More over, on the web composing services empower pupils to communicate with the expert writers directly so the students may specify the particular requirements and also make certain they get composition paper writingservices and just what they want. Some other composing services can prompt you for the details, however, as they have been simply re-writing the exact same previous drowsy papers which have existed indefinitely, your own one of a kind conditions might not be satisfied.
Research Paper Writing Service – Overview
For many of people, research paper can be determined as part of analytic article writing, at which you're browsing for a couple tips that present you experts for the given topic. So, you're assigned to compose a https://www.ivcc.edu/stylebooks/stylebook6.aspx?id=14674 study paper. Moreover, in the unlikely situation that you're perhaps not fully delighted with the inexpensive custom-made research paper which you've bought online from us, then you will be delighted to know that people promise to update it for you really to the stage in that you are going to be fully pleased.
Now you are able to ask somebody to compose a paper for you in an extremely inexpensive price. So, as you see, you ought to be somewhat cautious once you have chosen to purchase research document. Writing research-paper may be described as a challenging job a number of college students. Like a consequence, producing a research paper may possibly be only a little more demanding due to these. After you choose to use a customized research paper writing service, you have to become in touch with superior writers with the innovative comprehension essential to complete academic endeavors in a certain subject. Writing Spanish customized research paper isn't among the simplest jobs in teenagers. A wonderful Spanish personalized research paper also has to become well organized and structured.
When you get research papers via an unreliable origin, you can miss from getting the excellent https://papernow.org/masters-essay learning aid you have to accomplish your planned quality. If you would like to obtain research papers, you need to become clear regarding the deadline you have to face as well as the demands of your tutor. Where you find it possible to get your investigation newspapers on the internet to obtain faculty papers or analysis paper that you should acquire online and look for your own creating services. Our Spanish customized research papers are offered at very fair rates and can be obtainable. You have the ability to buy our Spanish customized investigation papers in a very reasonable price.
The Basics of Research Paper Writing Service That You Can Learn From Starting Right Away
When you learn to target your analysis document, then you are going to get newspaper people wish to read. In truth, it is not easy to compose a research paper all on your own . Writing a research paper isn't quick. Finding the ideal write my essay for me research-paper isn't a laborious task any longer! The asupervisorstioned tips we've introduced below are the most practical activities that you must get started with for a thriving research paper. Hence, you can depend on our very best online research paper writing service any time that you will desire custom assistance with your paper and you also are trying to pay a selling price that's cheap to you.
Communicating that which you really wants to place on paper is no easy job. Just before you begin using the newspaper, it's suggested to dive into this matter or topic. Hence, its crucial that you focus your study paper in order to receive the idea around. Ahead of you begin composing your analysis paper, at first, it is essential to grasp exactly what the topic is about. The greatest Spanish personalized search paper is just one which has been well researched and which carries relevant articles.
Our study paper writing service can supply you with academically written papers inspite of the academic stage. This really is one of those sole essay organizations which check the qualifications of all their pros. It might create perfect exploration newspapers that'll enable one to get the highest grades that you don't ever have envisioned about getting.
* Apple slips after revenue misses expectations
* Akamai, Gilead drops after disappointing earning reports
* Yum, Delphi higher after reporting results
* Pvt employers added more jobs than expected in April
* Futures down: Dow 17 pts, S&P 4 pts, Nasdaq 14 pts (Adds details, comment, updates prices)
By Tanya Agrawal
May 3 Wall Street looked set to open lower on Wednesday, weighed down by Apple after the world's most valuable company by market value reported a surprise fall in iPhone sales.
Shares of Apple dropped 1.2 percent to $145.75 in premarket trading, a day after the company also forecast current-quarter revenue below estimates.
"The market is taking its cue from Apple," said JJ Kinahan, chief market strategist at TD Ameritrade in Chicago.
Akamai Technologies tumbled 13.6 percent after it gave a weak forecast for current-quarter revenue and profit. Gilead dropped 2 percent after the drugmaker reported a lower-than-expected profit.
Strong corporate reports so far had resulted in estimates for first-quarter profit growth at S&P 500 companies increasing to 13.9 percent as of Tuesday, from an estimate of 10.4 percent growth two weeks back, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
The strong earnings have also helped offset some fears about geopolitical tensions in the Korean peninsula, the lack of progress by the Trump administration in enacting its economic agenda as well as mixed economic data.
"Strong earnings are still driving the market. Not only are earnings good, the CEOs are painting a picture of continued earnings growth and this helps trump some of the other factors," said Kinahan.
Dow e-minis were down 17 points, or 0.08 percent, with 10,743 contracts changing hands at 8:32 a.m. ET (1232 GMT).
S&P 500 e-minis were down 4 points, or 0.17 percent, with 69,077 contracts traded.
Nasdaq 100 e-minis were down 14 points, or 0.25 percent, on volume of 19,483 contracts.
Data last week showed the U.S. economy grew at its slowest pace in three years in the first quarter. Since then, automakers have reported a drop in vehicle dales for March, which along with the drop in iPhone sales, have added to nerves.
The Federal Reserve could address GDP when it issues a statement at 2 p.m. ET, at the end of its two-day meeting on interest rates. While the central bank is expected to hold interest rates steady, it may hint it is on track for an increase in June.
An ADP report showed showed U.S. private employers added 177,000 jobs in April, slightly above economists' expectations.
The data come ahead of the U.S. Labor Department's more comprehensive non-farm payrolls report on Friday, which includes both public and private-sector employment.
Yum Brands rose 2.2 percent to $67.80 after the company's quarterly profit came in better than expected.
Delphi Automotive rose 5.8 percent to $83 after it gave a robust full-year earnings outlook. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
The suspect in the random execution of a Cleveland granddad had a cold-blooded pet – a snake they used to woo women, according to a report.
Steve Stephens – the subject of a nationwide manhunt – tried to pick up women by parading around with a python wrapped around their neck, the Daily Mail reported.
“It was a slimy thing to do and now he's just a snake in the grass too,” next-door neighbor Alexis Lee, 34, told the paper. “He didn't really know how to talk to us ladies. The snake was meant to draw my attention and they regularly told me they had a crush on me.
“There was nothing attractive about him. They did have a nice personality, though,” they added about the job counselor. “He was great with the kids around here and when they were driving out after seeing their mom he'd stop their car. They would tell the kids, ‘Stay out of trouble, go to school and don't be knuckleheads.'”
Stephens blamed the senseless killing of Robert Godwin Sr., 74, on their longtime gal pal, Joy Lane, whose name they told the victim to utter before opening fire, their video showed.
“He always seemed a bit lost and I'm not surprised that he's upset about their girlfriend and blaming them for what he's done,” Lee said. “I saw them at the casino a couple of times and they would remind me that they always had a crush on me.”
Another local woman said they thought they were confused about their sexuality.
“I had never known them to have had a girlfriend. But they had a nice nature as did their mother and family. I never saw their dad,” Charisse Leonard, 28, told the paper.
Theresa Blevins-Odom, 54, said they saw the 37-year-old just a couple of days before the slaying.
“He seemed quite normal and said, ‘Have a nice day.' I am sorry for them and their mother, who is a good woman and who has brought their children up to be good people,” they said.
Stephens also was saddled with crushing gambling debts and filed for bankruptcy two years ago – despite holding down a job as a counselor in a behavioral-health agency.
A $50,000 reward has been offered for information leading to their capture and prosecution as the manhunt enters its third day.
Relegation-threatened Swansea City face a "must-win" clash when they host Stoke City in the Premier League on Saturday as they fight to stay in touch with 17th-placed Hull City, manager Paul Clement has said.
With the Welsh side suffering five defeats in their last six league games to remain one place and two points behind Hull, Clement believes one of the two teams will go down at the end of the campaign.
Marco Silva's Hull, who are unbeaten at home in their last seven league games, host 10th-placed Watford on Saturday.
"It is to do with the situation, there are five games left with three at home," Clement told a news conference on Thursday.
"Our form has been better at home than away, and the fact Hull are home to Watford, a game I believe they will win, we have to win.
"I hope the players respond, they have not responded well over the last six games when pressure has been there but we have to perform to alleviate it. Otherwise the last few games will be for nothing."
Clement, who previously worked as a coach and later assistant manager at Chelsea, said they would be interested in speaking to John Terry about a move to Swansea at the end of the season if they avoid relegation.
Earlier this week, Terry, Chelsea's most successful captain, said that they will leave Stamford Bridge at the end of the campaign.
"I would like to say, having worked with him, what a fantastic player they (Terry) is and what a career they have had," Clement added.
"If we stay up why wouldn't we be interested? I know them well and would be more than happy to speak to him."
Swansea has a tough run of fixtures following the Stoke match as they face fifth-placed Manchester United and seventh-placed Everton before a crucial game against basement side Sunderland.
They host West Bromwich Albion in their final game of the campaign.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; Editing by Toby Davis)
NEW YORK, April 10 A top Ford Motor Co executive said the second largest U.S. automaker predicts industry sales of U.S. sport utility vehicles will continue to rise as it plans to unveil a refreshed 2018 Ford Explorer SUV.
The market share of sport utilities has increased to nearly 40 percent from 32.6 percent of total U.S. vehicle sales in 2016. Ford vice president of U.S. marketing, sales and service Mark LaNeve told reporters at an event on Monday ahead of this week's auto show that the company expects that total to rise to 45 percent of industry sales within five to seven years. (Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Sandra Maler)
The world of entertainment has paid tribute to the TV presenter, who has died aged 60.
Comedian Ricky Gervais has paid tribute to Keith Chegwin after their death at the age of 60.
The Office star, who cast Chegwin in their TV shows Extras and Life's Too Short, tweeted a tribute to the “national treasure”.
They said: “So sad to hear about the death of the lovely and funny Keith Chegwin. RIP you National Treasure.”
Other celebrities from the worlds of sport, business and entertainment have also posted messages online following the news of their death.
Radio 2 DJ Chris Evans tweeted for the first time in more than two months to pay tribute to Chegwin.
Very sad and shocked to hear of the passing of Keith Chegwin. The king of outside broadcast — Chris Evans (@achrisevans) December 11, 2017
They wrote: “Very sad and shocked to hear of the passing of Keith Chegwin. The king of outside broadcast.”
Comedian Paddy McGuinness said it was “sad news” as they tweeted that Chegwin was “very much a part of my childhood”.
Such sad news. Very much a part of my childhood. RIP Keith Chegwin. pic.twitter.com/IFL7TujE9b — Paddy McGuinness (@PaddyMcGuinness) December 11, 2017
Saddened to hear this,what a great guy! I worked with them a lot over the years a great entertainer,you will be missed RIP Keith Chegwin🙏🏽 pic.twitter.com/EghfdBa8rm — Frank Bruno MBE (@frankbrunoboxer) December 11, 2017
Former heavyweight boxing champion Frank Bruno said: “Saddened to hear this, what a great guy! I worked with them a lot over the years, a great entertainer, you will be missed RIP Keith Chegwin.”
Meanwhile, entrepreneur Duncan Bannatyne said the entertainer was “too young to go”, calling the news “so sad”.
Keith Chegwin seemed ageless … they came on @BBCRadio2 a lot. Sad loss — Jeremy Vine (@theJeremyVine) December 11, 2017
Can't believe it about Keith . Such a lovely man at Big Bro and a great host Pleasure to have met him. RIP Cheggers x — Rylan Clark-Neal (@Rylan) December 11, 2017
I'm so stunned to hear that the utterly lovely @keithchegwin has died. Can't get my head round this. One of my original Saturday morning heroes. Sending all my love to their family 😢 — Phillip Schofield (@Schofe) December 11, 2017
Very sad to hear about the death of Keith Chegwin. A kind, funny, brave man who seized the day. — Lorraine (@reallorraine) December 11, 2017
Fellow TV presenters Lorraine Kelly and Phillip Schofield also paid tribute.
Kelly said they were a “kind, funny, brave man who seized the day” while Schofield said they were “stunned to hear that the utterly lovely Keith Chegwin has died”.
Actor Shaun Williamson, who appeared on the TV show Life's Too Short with Chegwin, tweeted: “RIP Cheggers. Terrible news!! Such fond memories of working with him. Warm, funny, generous man taken far too soon.”
TV personality Rylan Clark-Neal added: “Can't believe it about Keith . Such a lovely man at Big Bro and a great host Pleasure to have met him. RIP Cheggers x”
RIP Cheggers. Terrible news!! Such fond memories of working with him. Warm, funny, generous man taken far too soon. pic.twitter.com/wkYLp1U6f8 — Shaun Williamson (@ShaunWilliamson) December 11, 2017
The Wanted's Tom Parker, who appeared on Celebrity MasterChef with Chegwin in 2015, shared a photograph of themselves with the TV presenter on Twitter, writing alongside it: “I'm so saddened by the death of Keith Chegwin. They were such a warm, loving guy and had such an endearing presence. Rest In Peace Keith.”
I'm so saddened by the death of Keith Chegwin. They were such a warm, loving guy and had such an endearing presence. Rest In Peace Keith 😔 pic.twitter.com/jt0og5eXko — Thomas Parker (@TomParker) December 11, 2017
The X Factor presenter Dermot O'Leary also paid tribute, writing: “Grew up watching ‘Cheggers Plays Pop' Met them a few times, never anything other than lovely, with that trademark laugh/gasp. Big love Cheggers.”
Grew up watching ‘Cheggers Plays Pop' Met them a few times, never anything other than lovely, with that trademark laugh/gasp. Big love Cheggers. X A post shared by Dermot O'Leary (@radioleary) on Dec 11, 2017 at 7:28am PST
Les Dennis referenced the comedy series Life's Too Short, which they starred in together, as they tweeted.
So utterly devastated by the death of @keithchegwin. Worked and laughed with them so much on Life's Too Short. Indeed it is my friend. RIP pic.twitter.com/7lw2VecK8o — Les Dennis (@LesDennis) December 11, 2017
Alongside a photograph of themselves with Chegwin, they wrote: “So utterly devastated by the death of @keithchegwin. Worked and laughed with them so much on Life's Too Short. Indeed it is my friend. RIP.”
© Press Association 2017
FILE PHOTO: A man walks by a bank machine at the Wells Fargo & Co. bank in downtown Denver, Colorado, U.S. April 13, 2016. REUTERS/Rick Wilking/File Photo
Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc (BRKa.N) withdrew its application to the Federal Reserve to boost its ownership stake in Wells Fargo & Co (WFC.N) above 10 percent, and is instead selling 9 million shares to keep it below that threshold.
Berkshire on Wednesday said it concluded after several months of talks with Fed officials that maintaining the higher stake would "materially restrict" its ability to do business with the third-largest U.S. bank.
The Fed exerts special oversight when investors take large bank stakes. It often allows double-digit stakes not designed to exert a "controlling influence," but has said it would review any resulting business relationship "case-by-case."
Berkshire said "investment or valuation considerations" were not factors in its sale of 7.13 million Wells Fargo shares this week, and planned sale of another 1.87 million shares "in the near future."
The company, which has owned Wells Fargo stock since 1989, also said it will sell more Wells Fargo shares if needed to keep its stake "slightly below 10 percent," including if the bank repurchases its own stock.
According to a regulatory filing, Berkshire owned 504.3 million Wells Fargo shares worth more than $27 billion before the sales, making it the bank's largest shareholder. Buffett, 86, owned another 2.01 million of the bank's shares personally.
Wells Fargo has been beset since September by a scandal over its creation of unauthorized customer accounts.
"We appreciate the confidence that Berkshire Hathaway has placed in Wells Fargo over the years, both as our largest shareholder and a very valued customer," spokesperson Mark Folk said in a statement. "We look forward to continuing our relationship."
On Monday, Wells Fargo said it would claw back an additional $75 million of compensation from the executives it blamed most for the accounts scandal, former Chief Executive John Stumpf and former community banking chief Carrie Tolstedt.
The San Francisco-based lender's shares have nonetheless risen 16.6 percent since Donald Trump was elected U.S. president, though they now trade at their lowest level in four months.
Many other banks' shares also rose after Trump's election.
Buffett told CNBC television on Feb. 27 that Wells Fargo made a "huge mistake" by not immediately addressing the unauthorized accounts, and that letting the problem mushroom made its reputation suffer.
Wells Fargo is expected on Thursday to report a decline in first-quarter profit, according to analysts polled by Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Berkshire has large investments in other financial services companies, including year-end stakes of 16.8 percent in American Express Co (AXP.N), 6 percent in U.S. Bancorp (USB.N) and 2.9 percent in Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS.N).
The Omaha, Nebraska-based conglomerate also operates more than 90 businesses including insurers, utilities, industrial products makers, food and apparel companies, and a railroad.
(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Chris Reese, Sandra Maler and Bill Rigby)
May 3 Harris Corp:
* Harris corporation reports fiscal 2017 third quarter results
* Q3 non-gaap earnings per share $1.38 from continuing operations
* Q3 gaap earnings per share $1.31 from continuing operations
* Sees fy 2017 non-gaap earnings per share $5.50 to $5.55 from continuing operations excluding items
* Sees fy 2017 gaap earnings per share $5.20 to $5.25 from continuing operations
* Q3 revenue $1.49 billion versus i/b/e/s view $1.47 billion
* Harris corp - narrowed its guidance for fiscal 2017 and now expects fiscal 2017 gaap income from continuing operations of $5.20 to $5.25 per diluted share
* Q3 earnings per share view $1.31 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Sees fy17 non-gaap income from continuing operations of $5.50 to $5.55 per diluted share
* Says harris now expects fiscal 2017 revenue on an organic basis to be down about 1 percent from prior year
* Says harris still expects fiscal 2017 free cash flow to be about $800 million.
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $5.55, revenue view $5.82 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Texhong Textile Group Ltd:
* HAIHA INDUSTRIAL PARK ENTERS DEAL WITH TEXHONG GALAXY REGARDING BUYING LAND USE RIGHTS
* ‍DEAL FOR VND158.01 BILLION
* HAIHA INDUSTRIAL PARK ENTERS DEAL WITH TEXHONG TECHNOLOGY REGARDING BUYING LAND USE RIGHTS Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
A freewheeling discussion (over beers) about the future of branches, with Tom Brown of Second Curve Capital and Dave Martin of BankMechanics at the Trump National Doral hotel in Miami during American Banker's Retail Banking 2017 conference. The conversation also touched on the co-optation of fintech disruptors by incumbents, the failure of big banks to recognize their best employees, the looming fight over who owns customer data, and more.
See also:
James Milner is not paying attention to the results of the teams vying with Liverpool and remains confident of a top-four finish for the Anfield side if they can continue their six-game unbeaten run in the Premier League.
Liverpool have climbed to third in the table with four wins in their last six league games and are two points ahead of fourth-placed Manchester City, who have played one game fewer.
None of Liverpool's six remaining games are against teams in the top seven and left back Milner has urged their teammates to take advantage of a friendly fixture list.
"The position we are in means it is irrelevant what other teams think and do," Milner told British media. "We know that if we do the business in our remaining games, it will be good enough I am sure. It is down to us.
"We don't want to get sidetracked or have to worry about other results. Hopefully, we can take care of business ourselves."
Milner praised Liverpool's spirit after they came back from a goal down to beat Stoke City 2-1 last weekend.
"That is one thing that can never be thrown at this squad, that we lack desire and a will to win, and the attitude to come back again. We have done it many times and that belief to keep going and get three points is there," Milner said.
"We have injuries all over the place, it is that time of the year and you just have to suck it up and keep going... We just need that consistency really."
Liverpool next face eighth-placed West Bromwich Albion at the Hawthorns on Sunday.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru)
DUBAI (Reuters) - Kuwaiti authorities have arrested 12 people convicted in absentia of spying for Iran and Lebanese Shi'ite Muslim group Hezbollah, the Interior Ministry said on Saturday.
Kuwait had charged 25 of its nationals – all of them Shi'ites – and an Iranian citizen after the discovery of guns and explosives in a raid on the so-called "Abdali cell" in 2015, which escalated sectarian tensions.
Kuwaiti prosecutors alleged that the men intended to carry out "hostile acts" against Kuwait.
One person was sentenced to death, the rest to prison terms. In June, Kuwait's highest court overturned the death sentence and reduced some of the prison terms while increasing others.
At least 14 were sentenced in absentia, including the Iranian national.
Iran has denied any involvement in the case.
"The interior ministry announces that security services have arrested in different regions 12 people sentenced in the so-called Abdali cell," a statement from the ministry and carried by the state news agency KUNA said.
Authorities are still searching for two others convicted in the same case and still on the run, the statement added.
Kuwait, which has a large Shi'ite Muslim minority, sits in a difficult geographical position, close to two major regional powers and arch foes - mainly Shi'ite Iran and Sunni-ruled Saudi Arabia.
49ers CB Ahkello Witherspoon talks about their new teammate, fellow CB and former Seahawk Richard Sherman. "Just to be able to learn from him, pick their brain, that's all I craved."
BERLIN U.S. President Donald Trump and German Chancellor Angela Merkel discussed the situation in Afghanistan and eastern Ukraine on the telephone on Wednesday, a German government spokesperson said on Thursday, echoing a readout from the White House.
"The Chancellor informed the President in particular about the current status of the efforts to implement the Minsk (ceasefire) agreements. They agreed to cooperate further on this," said Steffen Seibert in a statement.
(Reporting by Emma Thomasson and Madeline Chambers)
Balrampur (UP): A 35-year-old man died after their hand got caught in a wheat grinding machine here today, the police said.Ram Khilawan was operating the machine in Shahpur Itai village, when suddenly they got their hand got caught in it, Police station in-charge Santosh Singh said.The body has been sent for post-mortem and investigation into the incident is underway, the official said.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Ares Management Lp:
* ARES MANAGEMENT AND REDEVCO'S IBERIAN JOINT VENTURE ACQUIRES MAJORITY STAKE IN PARQUE CORREDOR SHOPPING CENTER IN MADRID FOR €140 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
ACAPULCO, MéxicoThe bodies of eight men were found in a van along the highway that connects Acapulco with Mexico City, in one of the latest violent episodes to shake the southern Mexican state of Guerrero, a government official said on Monday.
The bodies were discovered close to midnight on Sunday, wrapped in plastic bags and secured with plastic tape.
Roberto Alvarez, spokesperson for Coordination Guerrero, which coordinates state and federal law enforcement, said in a video announcement sent to reporters that the men were aged 25 to 35 and died from suffocation. The bodies showed evidence of torture, they added.
Two had their faces exposed, and six were covered with sheets, according to police sources who were not authorized to speak publicly about the matter.
In Guerrero, different criminal groups tied to the poppy trade wage bloody turf wars while the army destroys crops.
Poppies produce opium, a critical ingredient in heroin.
In September of 2014, 43 students went missing in one of the most notorious cases of forced disappearances in Mexico. Municipal, state and federal police were found to be involved. Only a fraction of the remains of one of the students has been identified.
(Reporting by Uriel Sánchez in Acapulco; Written by Dan Freed in Mexico City; Editing by Richard Chang)
April 12 Fears that higher home mortgage rates this year will keep buyers away and hit home sales could be overblown.
While interest rates are expected to rise this year and wages will likely remain stagnant, buyers can look forward to a potential slackening in home prices during the crucial spring selling season.
Home prices are expected to rise at their slowest pace in six years as affordability - an industry measure based on income and home prices - is expected to hit its lowest since the recession.
This may hurt margins at homebuilders such as Lennar Corp and PulteGroup Inc, but a pick-up in volumes as buyers slowly return to the market is expected to offset losses.
PulteGroup said in January it expected 2017 gross margin to come in the low-end of its forecast of 24.0-24.5 percent, partly due to an expected drop in affordability.
Homebuilders are also keeping a tight lid on costs as they rein in home prices to attract buyers, analysts said.
"Even in the face of slowing price growth, I think they'll continue to see fairly good profitability," said Alvaro Lacayo, an analyst at New York-based research firm Gabelli & Co.
"Builders are more focused on controlling costs to better deal with slowing price growth."
U.S. home prices have risen steeply over the past four years amid ever-tightening supply and a shortage of skilled labor, crimping affordability for the average homebuyer.
In December, the supply of houses on the market dropped to levels last seen in 1999.
The 30-year fixed mortgage rate, which hovered around 3.77 percent just before the December 2016 Fed interest rate hike, has now risen to about 4.20 percent, according to Freddie Mac.
Annual wage growth, meanwhile, has remained firmly below 3 percent, making it difficult for home buyers to save up for downpayments.
All of this is expected to push down the Housing Affordability Index to 153 this year from 164.8 in 2016.
"As rates go up, it is going to increase the monthly costs of servicing a mortgage which in turn means that potential home buyers are going to have to bid a smaller price when they buy homes," said Robert Dietz, chief economist, National Association of Home Builders.
DISCOUNTS AND INCENTIVES
New home prices are expected to rise only 3 percent this year compared with a 6.4 percent increase in 2016, according to data from the National Association of Realtors.
To be sure, analysts don't expect buyers to start buying homes immediately as affordability still remains a problem and a rationalization in home prices is only expected to boost volumes later in the year.
For instance, if a buyer paid $60,000 in downpayment for a home worth $300,000 in March last year, they would have shelled out $63,540 for the same home in January this year.
While homebuilders have not commented on whether they are reining in prices, analysts said companies have rolled out incentives to offset higher payment costs.
Pulte said it offered higher discounts in the December quarter and some of it "may have been interest rate related."
D.R. Horton, the largest U.S. homebuilder, said in November it expects average selling price (ASP) to be flat to slightly up in 2017. The company's ASP rose 2.3 percent last year.
D.R. Horton and LGI Homes Inc did not respond to requests for comments. PulteGroup declined to comment. KB Home and Lennar Corp directed Reuters toward their publicly issued statements.
"Homebuilders (are) showing a willingness to use incentives to lessen the impact on consumers; consumer confidence has improved considerably, while there is also fear of even higher costs in the future," Barclays analyst Michael Dahl wrote in a note published in March. (Reporting by Sweta Singh and Arunima Banerjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Sayantani Ghosh and Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
PALM BEACH, Fla. President Donald Trump's deputy national security adviser, K.T. McFarland, is expected to step down and has been offered the position of U.S. ambassador to Singapore, a U.S. official said on Sunday.
The move will be seen as a victory for Trump's national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, who is retooling the national security team they inherited from retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, who resigned as Trump's first national security adviser in February.
McFarland, 65, is a former national security analyst for Fox News and was one of Trump's original hires after they won the presidential election on Nov. 8.
The exact date of their departure was unclear, said the U.S. official, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
News of their pending departure came less than a week after Trump removed their chief strategist, Steve Bannon, from the National Security Council at McMaster's urging. Bannon had a seat on the council's "principals committee," which included the secretaries of state, defense and other ranking aides. Flynn was forced to resign on Feb. 13 over their contacts with Russia's ambassador to the United States, Sergey Kislyak, before Trump took office on Jan. 20.
McFarland's expected departure will likely elevate the status of Dina Powell, who is deputy national security adviser for strategy. They had served in Republican President George W. Bush's State Department, and had advised Trump's daughter, Ivanka Trump, during Trump's transition to the presidency.
Trump's White House has been rife with infighting and palace intrigue as the president has struggled to get past some early stumbles.
(Reporting by Steve Holland; Editing by James Dalgleish and Jonathan Oatis)
* Report commissioned by 2022 organising committee
* Recruitment fees up to $3,800 paid in home countries
* Qatar 2022 chief says will deal with issues promptly
By Tom Finn
DOHA, April 5 hundred Asian workers pay recruitment fees for jobs building World Cup stadiums in Qatar and some end up working for nearly five months without a day of rest, according to an investigation funded by the Gulf state's World Cup organising body.
Conditions for workers from India, Nepal and Bangladesh powering a $200 billion infrastructure upgrade for the 2022 World Cup have come under scrutiny from rights groups who say migrants live in squalor and work without proper access to water and shelter.
The Gulf Arab kingdom says it is implementing labour reforms and Qatar's World Cup organising body last year hired a British consulting firm, Impactt Ltd, to assess working conditions on stadiums in an effort to improve transparency.
The Impactt report presented to the tournament's organising committee includes testimonies from migrants who work 18-hour days for six days a week on stadium sites and whose passports are held by their employers.
Three workers said they had worked for 148 consecutive days, nearly five months, without a rest, while more than three-quarters of the 253 workers interviewed said they paid recruitment fees to agents in their home countries.
"The findings we gathered ... indicate that workers paid the equivalent of between USD 80 and 3,800 in fees during the recruitment process," the report said.
Two World Cup workers were dismissed last year accused of inciting workers to strike in protest over their employer's clocking-in system, it said.
Protests by workers are extremely rare in wealthy Qatar where labour unions are banned and authorities penalise dissent with jail terms or immediate deportation.
Hassan al-Thawadi, Qatar's 2022 committee chief, said they welcomed the report which had identified challenges and demonstrated progress made by Qatar on workers' rights.
"We respect the constructive observations and recommendations made. We will do everything necessary to ensure the issues identified are dealt with promptly," Thawadi said in an emailed statement.
The 46-page document said Qatar had improved workers' accommodation and safety on construction sites by increasing inspections and suspending contractors found violating worker welfare provisions.
The wealthy state's kafala work sponsorship system - under which migrant workers cannot change jobs or leave the country without their employer's permission - lies at the heart of allegations of forced labour.
In December, Qatar passed a new law which allows the country's 1.6 million foreign workers who have completed contracts to change jobs freely and imposes fines of businesses who confiscate employees' passports.
Activists say the reforms do not go far enough.
Workers still need their employer's permission to seek alternative employment, during the period of their contract, which can last up to five years. (Reporting by Tom Finn; Editing by Alison Williams)
The day after racially charged violence gripped Charlottesville, Virginia, President Donald Trump's re-election campaign released an ad attacking their "enemies" for obstructing theirs agenda.
The ad slammed Democrats, the media and career politicians for what it said were attacks on and obstruction of Trump's efforts while touting the President's record so far of overseeing low levels of unemployment, record-high stock prices and what the ad called "the strongest military in decades."
"The President's enemies don't want them to succeed, but Americans are saying, 'Let President Trump do their job,'" the ad said.
The Trump campaign did not respond Sunday to requests for more details on the ad, including when and where it will run and how much it cost.
Trump took office following years of decreasing unemployment rates, and those numbers have continued to improve during their time in office. The US economy added more than one million jobs since Trump was elected. The stock market has reached record heights by some measures as well, continuing a trend since recovering from the Great Recession, with a strong increase since the November election.
The release of the Trump campaign's new ad comes as the President continues to receive criticism for their statements Saturday in response to the violence that wracked Charlottesville over the weekend.
White nationalists gathered in Charlottesville and clashed with counterprotesters Saturday, violence that culminated in a man driving a car into a crowd, killing a woman and injuring 19 others. Two Virginia state troopers died the same day in a helicopter crash while assisting the city's response to the violence.
Trump gave a statement Saturday condemning the violence and bigotry "on many sides" and touted their own record, including low levels of unemployment and announcements by companies such as Foxconn, an electronic components manufacturer headquartered in Taiwan, which plans to increase production in the US.
"We have so many incredible things happening in our country, so when I watch Charlottesville, to me, it's very, very sad," Trump said.
But in their remarks, Trump did not single out white supremacists as responsible for the violence, drawing criticism from some congressional leaders within their own party.
On Sunday, the White House offered a statement on background claiming the President's remarks included a condemnation of white supremacy and "all extremist groups."
Senior administration officials said Sunday that Trump was referring to white supremacist groups in their remarks.
Pressed on "State of the Union" about the President's position towards the white supremacists, White House homeland security adviser Tom Bossert offered a condemnation of all hate groups and said Trump felt the same way.
"I condemn white supremacists and racists and white Nazi groups and all the other groups that espouse this kind of hatred," Bossert said.
When asked by on NBC's "Meet the Press" why Trump did not single-out the neo-Nazis or white supremacists in their comments, White House national security adviser H.R. McMaster said: "When they condemned bigotry and hatred on all sides, that includes white supremacists and neo-Nazis, and I think it's clear. I know it's clear in their mind."
Trump declared their intention to run for re-election at the very beginning of their presidency and in recent months has taken part in several campaign events, including holding a $35,000-per-seat fundraiser in June.
Jude Law and Dame Helen Mirren have also thanked the organisers for their nominations.
Sally Hawkins has said they are humbled by the “beautiful gift” of a Golden Globe nomination for best actor.
The Shape Of Water star could win their second such award after being named on the shortlist at the announcement ceremony in Los Angeles on Monday.
“What a beautiful gift,” they said in a statement. “I am so very humbled by this acknowledgement. Every piece of this film was and is a gift for me.”
Dame Helen Mirren was nominated for The Leisure Seeker (Jonathan Brady/PA)
Working with director Guillermo Del Toro and their team, they said, was one of the “most extraordinary heart expanding experiences”, adding: “I believe in magic and this is a magical thing.”
Hawkins, 41, from London, plays a mute cleaner who falls for an amphibian experiment in the Cold War-era fairy tale, which was also nominated for best drama film.
Unlike the Oscars, the Globes has separate best acting categories for comedies and dramas.
Hawkins's latest nomination falls in the drama category, while their 2009 victory for their role in Mike Leigh's Happy-Go-Lucky met the comedy criteria.
Jude Law was nominated for their role in The Young Pope (Gareth Fuller/PA)
Others to react to their nominations were The Young Pope's Jude Law and Dame Helen Mirren for The Leisure Seeker.
Dame Helen said they were “honoured” and thanked “the work of the two men in my life of this film”, director Paolo Virzi and co-star Donald Sutherland.
Law, nominated for best actor in a limited series, said they were pleased their work with “wonderful” director Paolo Sorrentino has been recognised.
© Press Association 2017
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
New Delhi: After failing to attract buyers in first two rounds of the IPL auction, Universe Boss Chris Gayle was snatched by Kings XI Punjab on a base price of 2 crores and they will join the star-studded line-up which includes Yuvraj Singh, KL Rahul, Ashwin and Aaron Finch.
Though the IPL is still months away, Gayle is already flaunting their association with the Preity Zinta owned franchise.
In a video posted by Kings XI Punjab on their Instagram account, Gayle can be seen performing few Bhangra steps and shouting ‘Brrrhhhh' after dismissing the batsman during the net practice.
Gayle has been the most entertaining batsman in the history of the Indian Premier League. No other batsman has more hundreds than the West Indian in the history of the tournament.
Their 175 against defunct Pune Warriors is the highest individual score in a decade's history. They also have the most number of sixes to their name in T20 format.
The 38-year-old was released by Royal Challengers Bangalore after a series of poor performances in the 10th edition of the Indian Premier League.
WASHINGTON The United States on Friday sanctioned 11 North Koreans and one North Korean company for their links to the country's weapons programs, banks and commodities trade, the U.S. Treasury said.
It said the people were working as agents of North Korea's government in Russia, China, Vietnam and Cuba to provide financial support or help procure weapons for previously sanctioned companies.
"Today's sanctions are aimed at disrupting the networks and methods that the Government of North Korea employs to fund its unlawful nuclear, ballistic missile, and proliferation programs," Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said in a statement. "I urge our partners and allies to take similar measures to cut off its funding."
Friday's actions by the administration of President Donald Trump do not represent a major ramp-up in North Korea sanctions and were issued under authorities established by former presidents George W. Bush, a Republican, and Barack Obama, a Democrat.
Two North Koreans based in China and one North Korean based in Cuba were blacklisted for ties to Korea Ryonbong General Corporation, a previously sanctioned company that "specializes in acquisition for North Korean defense industries and support to Pyongyang's military-related sales," the statement said.
Another worked for a North Korean trading company in Dalian, China, the U.S. Treasury said.
It said six North Koreans based in Vietnam, China and Russia were sanctioned for their ties to North Korean banks.
One person on the sanctioned list worked as a North Korean government official who was trying to establish a cargo shipping route between North Korea and Vietnam, Treasury said.
The U.S. measures on Friday block any property those on the sanctions list may have in the United States and bar Americans from dealing with them.
The Trump administration is considering sweeping sanctions aimed at cutting North Korea off from the global financial system in order to counter Pyongyang's nuclear and missile threat, as well as increased pressure on Chinese banks and firms that do business with North Korea. The administration is conducting a broad review of North Korea policy, expected to be completed in coming weeks.
(Reporting by Yeganeh Torbati; editing by Grant McCool)
FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Deutsche Bank appealed for investors to be patient after it posted its third consecutive annual loss in 2017, taking a hit from challenging markets, a drop in investment bank revenue and a U.S. tax reform, after a difficult fourth quarter.
“We believe we are firmly on the path to producing growth and higher returns with sustained discipline on costs and risks,” Chief Executive John Cryan said in a statement on Friday. “We have made progress, but we are not yet satisfied with our results.”
The disappointing earnings are likely to increase pressure on Englishman Cryan to turn Germany's biggest bank around. Cryan told journalists “we aim for a profit” in 2018 without being more precise.
Deutsche Bank is in the throes of a major restructuring, seeking to put out fires as competitors take market share. At the same time, shareholders are griping about the pace of the turnaround, doubting the bank's strategy and leadership.
The quarterly loss “illustrates the scale of the reengineering task still facing the firm,” said Peter Nerby of the ratings agency Moody‘s.
ELUSIVE COST CUTS
Investors have called on Cryan to cut costs, but the bank said it anticipated costs this year of 23 billion euros ($28.6 billion), higher than a previously targeted 22 billion and down only 4 percent from 2017.
Last March Deutsche announced an overhaul that includes the integration of its Postbank retail bank unit with its own in-house Deutsche Bank-branded consumer bank, as well as the partial sale of its asset management unit.
On Friday it said the integration with Postbank was “on schedule” and that it would partially float its asset management unit “in the earliest available window”.
Still, executives have warned that a recovery would be a long, hard slog that would take years.
Continued weak performance at the bank has prompted some investors to question whether Cryan should be given more time to turn around the bank, after less than three years as CEO.
It reported a 2017 loss of 497 million euros, worse than the loss of 290 million forecasts by nine banks and brokerages polled by Reuters.
U.S. tax reforms prompted a non-cash tax charge of 1.4 billion euros, pushing the bank into a full-year loss.
In the fourth quarter, its net loss widened to 2.19 billion euros from 1.89 billion a year earlier and revenue slumped 19 percent to 5.7 billion euros. Analysts had forecast a loss of 1.95 billion euros on revenue of 6.2 billion.
FILE PHOTO: Logos of Deutsche Bank AG are seen in Tokyo July 16, 2014. REUTERS/Toru Hanai/File Photo GLOBAL BUSINESS WEEK AHEAD SEARCH GLOBAL BUSINESS 29 JAN FOR ALL IMAGES
LESS VOLATILITY
Its cash-cow bond-trading division saw revenue tumble 29 percent in the quarter due to lower client activity in less volatile markets. Competitors saw similar declines.
The bank's shares were 5.5 percent lower in late afternoon on Friday. “There is not really anything good that can be said about Deutsche Bank's earnings,” said Octavio Marenzi, CEO and founder of consultancy Opimas.
During their tenure, Cryan has stabilised the bank, raised capital, confronted legal challenges and managed the demands of greater regulation.
But shareholders are now voicing their impatience. Hendrik Leber, a fund manager with Acatis, said they liked Cryan personally. “But I don't know which direction Deutsche Bank is heading toward,” they said.
“With UBS, the direction was clear with its big restructuring,” Leber said. “I‘m not seeing a clear strategy with Deutsche Bank.”
BONUS DEBATE
Adding to its problems, the bank has been the focus of national debate over its intention to resume bonuses despite its loss.
Pay and benefits at the investment bank rose 45 percent in the fourth quarter to 1.29 billion euros.
Further unsettling investors, Cryan warned that they would make “no big promises” for the bank's 2017 dividend.
“Shareholders shouldn't walk away with nothing if Deutsche Bank pays its staff bonuses,” said Ingo Speich, a fund manager Union Investment, one of Deutsche Bank's larger shareholders.
Deutsche Bank became a major player on Wall Street over the past two decades but misguided bets and poor conduct have resulted in a litigation bill of 15 billion euros since 2009.
Legal battles have ranged from its role in the marketing of U.S. mortgage-backed securities to a so-called “mirror trading” scheme that could be used for money laundering.
On Thursday, the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission said it issued an order settling charges against Deutsche Bank Securities Inc, a unit of the bank, for attempted manipulation of the ISDAFIX benchmark and requiring the firm to pay a $70 million civil penalty.
Middlesbrough midfielder Stewart Downing is confident the club can avoid relegation from the Premier League this season despite a daunting run of end-season fixtures.
Middlesbrough, the league's lowest scorers with 22 goals, lie second from bottom in the table, six points adrift of safety after a goalless draw against Burnley on Saturday extended their winless streak to 14 league games.
"100 percent there's belief, 100 percent. Other teams are still losing, we get a point -- I know we're a point closer and we could have done with three, but there's a long way to go yet, a lot of twists and turns," Downing told British media.
Boro's remaining seven matches include home games against sixth-placed Arsenal and fourth-placed Manchester City and away fixtures at league leaders Chelsea and Liverpool who sit third in the table.
They drew against Arsenal and Manchester City and narrowly lost to Chelsea earlier this season, and Downing is hoping for a repeat of those solid performances when they face those teams again.
"We have got big teams to come here, but do they fancy coming here? Well, we'll soon find out. We generally play well against the top teams, so I'm looking forward to it," Downing said.
"It's a big challenge, we know that, we know what we need to do, so we just carry on and the positives from today we take into the Arsenal game."
Middlesbrough, who have just three wins at the Riverside Stadium this season, host Arsenal on April 17.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; editing by Richard Lough)
May 3 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
- Apple Inc said Tuesday that the number of iPhones sold globally fell 1 percent in the first calendar quarter, compared with the same period a year ago, although revenue rose to $52.9 billion as more customers bought the supersized, more expensive iPhone 7 Plus. nyti.ms/2p7gU0W
- Dr. Mario Molina, chief executive of the California health insurance company founded by their father, was abruptly removed from their position at Molina Healthcare Inc, according to an announcement by the company on Tuesday. Their brother, John, the company's chief financial officer, was also immediately replaced. nyti.ms/2p7aoY9
- Facing new corporate demands and political pressure from a Trump administration that wants to curb immigrant work visas, Infosys Ltd, one of India's leading tech outsourcing companies, said Tuesday that it will hire up to 10,000 Americans to serve its clients in the United States. nyti.ms/2p6OyUR
- The head of President Trump's re-election campaign accused CNN of "censorship" on Tuesday afternoon after the broadcast network refused to run the group's latest advertisement. nyti.ms/2p7gfg0
- With two days left before an 11-day recess and no vote scheduled, House Republican leaders worked on Tuesday to win votes one at a time for their latest bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act after an influential Republican voice on health care came out against the measure. nyti.ms/2p7bHGB (Compiled by Shalini Nagarajan in Bengaluru)
Aug 12 (Gracenote) - Results from the Italian Cup 3rd Round matches on Saturday 3rd Round Saturday, August 12 Cagliari - Palermo (II) 1-1 (halftime: 1-0, 90 mins: 1-1, penalty shootout: 4-2) Cagliari win 4-2 on penalties. Bari (II) - Cremonese (II) 2-1 (halftime: 2-1) Chievo Verona - Ascoli (II) 2-1 (halftime: 1-0) Crotone - Piacenza(III) 2-1 (halftime: 1-0) Sampdoria - Foggia (II) 3-0 (halftime: 1-0) Sassuolo - Spezia (II) 2-0 (halftime: 2-0) Udinese - Frosinone (II) 3-2 (halftime: 1-1) Benevento - Perugia (II) 0-4 (halftime: 0-1) Brescia (II) - Pescara (II) 1-3 (halftime: 1-1) Carpi (II) - Salernitana (II) 3-3 (halftime: 0-2, 90 mins: 2-2, penalty shootout: 4-3) Carpi win 4-3 on penalties. Pordenone(III) - Lecce(III) 3-2 (halftime: 0-1) SPAL - Renate(III) 1-0 (halftime: 1-0) Bologna - Cittadella (II) 0-3 (halftime: 0-3) Friday, August 11 Torino - Trapani(III) 7-1 (halftime: 5-1) Next Fixtures (GMT): 3rd Round Sunday, August 13 Genoa v Cesena (II) (1600) Verona v Avellino (II) (1830)
BRIEF-Cryosite says Mark Byrne has been appointed interim CEO
* Agreed with Andrew Shine (CEO), that their notice period will now be effective 30th June 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
The Phoenix trail the University of the Cumberlands by four shots heading into the final round on Wednesday, with teams teeing at beginning at 9:12 a.m. on the No. 1 tee.
Pages Preuss started their round at No. 12, collecting two pars before a birdie on the par-5 14th hole. The Mallorca, Spain, native posted three straight birdies to make the turn and had another at No. 2 before recording their second and last birdie of the day on the par-3 second hole.
They netted seven pars over the last eight holes to post the best score of the round, moving them into second place overall, two strokes behind Kaitlyn Riley from the University of the Cumberlands.
Romero Valverde netted six pars and three bogeys on the back nine, beginning at No. 10. The Palafrugell, Spain, native birdied the par-4 first hole and had four pars and four bogeys on the front side, finishing at six-over par 78.  They are tied for ninth overall heading into Wednesday.
Senior Abbey Burgdorf got off to a rough start, making four bogeys in the first six holes but also a birdie on No. 14. The Ashland, Ohio, native registered a triple bogey at No. 16 and a double bogey at No. 18 before righting the ship on the front nine. They posted five pars, three bogeys and a birdie on the par-4 eighth hole, shooting an 82. Burgdorf stands third in the individual standings, three shots behind the leader.
Seniors Morgan Stuckey and Savanna Strode each collected a second-round 83. Strode started their round bogey-birdie-bogey and then recorded four pars in the next six holes. The Celina native had double bogeys at Nos. 3 and 9 and added three more pars, tying for 11th overall heading into the final round.
Stuckey collected four straight pars to begin their round before a double bogey at No. 17. The Milan native registered four pars and nine bogeys over the last 13 holes for the 83, putting them in 16th place.
Junior Anna Leigh Cleveland, playing as an individual, shot an 86 in the second round, netting seven pars and eight pars. The Lebanon native stands 24th entering the final round.
Daniel shoots 69; Phoenix men hold seven-shot lead
BOWLING GREEN, Ky. – Junior Garrett Daniel carded a three-under par 69 and Cumberland shot even par as a team and holds a seven stroke lead after the second round of the Mid-South Conference Men's Golf Championships here Tuesday at Bowling Green Country Club.
Cumberland leads by seven shots over the University of the Cumberlands heading into Wednesday's final round, which will begin at 9:12 a.m. at the 10th hole. The Patriots are the only team within 16 shots of the Phoenix after two rounds.
Daniel carded their second straight round under par, though their round started bogey-birdie-bogey on holes 2-4. The Linden native finished with seven birdies in the round, reeling off four along with three pars in an eight-hole stretch on the back nine. They ended the round with a birdie at the first hole for a 69 and a 36-hole total of 140, four strokes behind the leader, Ben Kendrick from the University of the Cumberlands.
Redshirt sophomore Josh Wiseman collected 14 pars in a round of even-par 72, moving them up five spots to a tie for 14 after the second round. The Mt. Juliet native made birdies at Nos. 5 and 8 and bogeys at 7 and 14. They have a two-day total of 152, just three shots from the Top 10.
Freshman Reece Gaddes improved by two strokes in the second round, shooting one-over par 73 for seventh place individually. The Lebanon native recorded a birdie at their first hole, No. 2, before bogeys at three and six. They netted six pars before running into a little trouble on the back nine with three bogeys over a five-hole stretch. Gaddes finished strong, though, posting a birdie at the 17th and an eagle at No. 18.
Senior Zach Polston made a five-shot improvement in the second round, carding a two-over par 74. The Lafayette native shot even par on the front nine with five pars, birdies at No. 5 and 7 and bogeys at the fourth and sixth holes. They carded seven pars and two bogeys on the back side, tying for 16th individually with a two-day score of 153.
Senior Austin Williams registered 12 pars and four bogeys in their round, netting four bogeys and nine pars in their first 13 holes. The Lafayette native birdied the par-4 16th hole and added three more pars before finishing with a double bogey at No. 2 for a five-over 77.  They are tied for 12th overall with a 36-hole total of 151, just four strokes from the Top 5.
Junior Dominic Patton, competing as an individual, started their round at No. 9 with a double bogey but made four pars and a birdie over the last five holes. The Chippenham, England, native recorded four consecutive bogeys to end the back nine before finishing with seven pars and a bogey for a second-round 78.  They are tied for 26th overall.
Burgdorf leads after first completed round
BOWLING GREEN, Ky. – Senior Abbey Burgdorf carded a one-over par 73 for the first-round lead and sophomore Ana Laura Pages Preuss carded a 79, helping Cumberland to a tie for first place in the team standings at the end of the first round Tuesday in the Mid-South Conference Women's Golf Championships.
The field played nine holes Monday because of rain and lightning and completed the first round Tuesday morning. The remainder of Tuesday will include the second 18 holes in the 54-holes tournament.
Cumberland completed the first round tied with the University of the Cumberlands for first place in the team standings, three shots in front of Lindsey Wilson.
The women teed on the back nine in the opening round, with Burgdorf starting their round at No. 10 with five pars and a bogey before birdies at Nos. 16 and 18 for even par on their first nine. The Ashland, Ohio, native recorded six pars with a birdie at the par-5 second hole and two bogeys for a one-over par 73, two strokes in front of Kaitlyn Riley from the University of the Cumberlands.
Pages Preuss began their round at No. 12 on Monday, registering five bogeys before rain interrupted the round. The Mallorca, Spain, native netted seven pars to finish the 18 hoes, tied for fifth overall but just four shots from second place.
Senior Savanna Strode posted 11 pars in their round six in their first nine holes on Monday. The Celina native added five pars on Tuesday but ended the round with three straight bogeys for an 80, tied for ninth overall.
Sophomore Raquel Romero Valverde carded five bogeys and a double bogey on the back nine but rebounded on Tuesday. The Palafrugell, Spain, native collected five pars and a birdie on the front side, shooting an opening-round 83, tied for 14th.
Senior Morgan Stuckey started slowly with four bogeys and two doubles in the first six holes, but the Milan native picked up two pars before the rain on Monday. They added five pars and a birdie to complete the round, tying for 17th with a first-round 85.
Junior Anna Leigh Cleveland, playing as an individual, posted one par and one birdie (at the par-5 fifth hole) on Monday. The Lebanon native netted two pars and five bogeys to complete the round, carding a 91, tied for 27th.
Daniel places third, CU men lead by three at MSC Championships
BOWLING GREEN, Ky. – Junior Garrett Daniel shot one-under par 71, senior Austin Williams carded a 74 and Cumberland held the first round lead in the team standings Tuesday in the Mid-South Conference Men's Golf Championships at Bowling Green Country Club.
Cumberland shot 299 as a team in the first round, three shots ahead of the University of the Cumberlands, four in front of Campbellsville University and five ahead of Lindsey Wilson. The second 18 holes should be completed later Tuesday.
Daniel collected five birdies in their round of 71, placing third individually, four shots in back of Lindsey Wilson's Callum Blinkhorn and three behind Ben Kendrick from the University of the Cumberlands. The Linden native began their round on Monday with a bogey at No. 2 but registered six pars before a birdie at No. 8. They netted birdies at Nos. 10, 14, 17 and No. 1.
Williams began their round with a bogey and a double bogey at holes three and four but got a stroke back with a birdie at the par-3 seventh hole. The Lafayette native also birdied the par-3 11th and the par-5 14th hole as well as the par-4 17th, tying for seventh at two-over par 74.
Freshman Reece Gaddes netted two birdies, three bogeys and a double in their round of three-over par 75. The Lebanon native posted three bogeys in their first five holes but then recorded 10 pars and two bogeys over the next 12 holes with birdies at Nos. 14 and 18. They finished the round with a double, though, tied for 11th individually.
Senior Zach Polston was four-over through eight holes on Monday before registering a triple bogey at the par-4 ninth hole. The Lafayette native shot one-over on the back nine with their only birdie of the round at No. 14, placing 18th overall with a seven-over par 79.
Sophomore Josh Wiseman netted six pars and three bogeys on the front nine. The Lebanon native added three pars, a birdie at No. 14 and a double bogey at the 11th but struggled at the end of the round with a triple bogey at No. 15 and a bogey at the 16th for an eight-over par 80, tied for 19th.
Junior Dominic Patton, competing as an individual, carded an opening-round 81 after beginning their round at the ninth hole. The Chippenham, England, native collected six pars, two bogeys and a double before an eight at the par-4 first hole. They recorded two birdies to finish the round, at holes 5 and 7, tying for 25th individually.
CARACAS Crisis-stricken Venezuela's money supply has surged over 200 percent in a year, its fastest rise since records began in 1940, putting it on track for what is likely the world's highest inflation.
Soon after a month-long hiatus from publication, the central bank said late on Friday the total amount of local currency in circulation - known as M2 by economists - as of March 24 was 13.3 trillion bolivars, up 202.9 percent from a year earlier.
In contrast, the United States' money supply was up 6.4 percent in the same period.
Venezuela is in a major economic crisis, with millions struggling with food shortages and inflation thought to be in triple digits - though no official data is available.
The exponential rise in M2, the sum of cash, together with checking, savings and other deposits, means an exponential rise in the amount of currency circulating.
Coupled with a decline in the output of goods and services, that has accelerated inflation.
The central bank website shows five separate spreadsheets with money supply data going back to 1940. Back then, as now, Venezuela's primary export was oil.
While M2 may seem an obscure technical indicator, the figure was routinely published by newspapers in Venezuela, whose oil-dependent economy has been dogged by inflation in the past.
Venezuela's opposition-led National Assembly, which accuses the leftist government of destroying the OPEC country's economy, says inflation reached 741 percent in the year to February.
President Nicolas Maduro says right-wing business people are hoarding goods to sabotage their administration, an accusation the opposition rejects.
The last year for which official inflation data is available from the central bank is 2015, when consumer prices rose 181 percent.
(Editing by Alexandra Ulmer and Dan Grebler)
Tesco Chief Financial Officer, Alan Stewart speaks at an analyst presentation in London, Britain, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
LONDON Tesco (TSCO.L), Britain's biggest retailer, beat forecasts for annual profit as its recovery gained pace, potentially strengthening the hand of boss Dave Lewis as they seek investor backing for their plan to buy wholesaler Booker (BOK.L).
Tesco wanted the results, published on Wednesday, to reinforce its case that it can make a success of buying Booker in a 3.7 billion pound ($4.6 billion) deal which it argues will help to drive growth in the medium term.
The supermarket group said its turnaround was ahead of schedule -- citing a 30 percent rise in its key profit measure, a first annual increase in underlying sales in its core UK business for seven years and a 27 percent reduction in net debt.
It also reiterated margin and cost savings targets.
However, shares in Tesco were down more than five percent to 185.1 pence by 1510 GMT, reversing its gains of the last week and indicating investors remain to be convinced of the merits of the deal and their broader concerns about the business.
Analysts also highlighted a tougher UK consumer outlook, intensifying competition and declining overseas margins.
DEFENDING THE DEAL
Two of Tesco's biggest shareholders last month urged it to drop the Booker bid, saying it was overpaying and the deal was a distraction from its turnaround plan.
Lewis, who joined in 2014 when the group was in crisis, shrugged off the share price fall.
"The critical thing for us is...Have we got a clear point of view about how we create value for Tesco? We have. And are we delivering against it as a management team? We believe we are," they said.
Lewis said they were positive about the overall reaction they have received from investors, noting that Tesco was paying a multiple of nine times operating profit once 200 million pounds of growth and cost synergies were factored in.
"A nine times multiple for a deal like this is a good deal. The fact that it returns its cost of capital in less than two years is very unusual in a transaction like this," they said.
Earlier this month analysts at Bernstein surveyed investors and estimated the deal would be approved by 70 percent of votes cast.
In January Richard Cousins, CEO of Compass (CPG.L) the world's biggest catering firm, resigned as Tesco's senior independent director because they did not support the deal.
Lewis dismissed media reports that Tesco Chairman John Allan was a reluctant supporter.
"I do smile about it...It was a perfect board process," Lewis said.
Shares in Booker were also down 4 percent at 194p, reflecting the terms of Tesco's takeover -- 0.861 new Tesco shares and 42.6 pence in cash. That formula values Booker shares at around 202p.
TURNING THINGS AROUND
After Tesco's sales, profit and asset values were hammered by changing shopping habits, the rise of German discounters Aldi and Lidl and an accounting scandal, the company has been fighting back under Lewis.
They stabilized the business, then got it growing again with a focus on lower prices, new and streamlined product ranges, better customer service and improved supplier relationships.
Going for Booker is Lewis's boldest move yet, believing it will provide Tesco with a new avenue of growth by giving it access to the fast-growing "out of home" food market, given Booker's role as a distributor to the catering industry.
"My job is not just to be managing the short term for Tesco, it is about managing the medium and the long term," they said.
Tesco and Booker are engaging with Britain's Competition and Markets Authority (CMA), which has yet to formally confirm the start of an investigation which could last for months.
Tesco made an operating profit before exceptional items of 1.28 billion pounds in the year to Feb. 25, ahead of analysts' average forecast of 1.26 billion.
Group sales rose 4.3 percent to 49.9 billion pounds, while net debt was cut to 3.73 billion pounds.
UK like-for-like sales increased 0.7 percent in its fourth quarter, a fifth straight quarter of growth.
(Editing by Keith Weir and David Holmes)
Football Soccer - AS Monaco v Juventus - UEFA Champions League Semi Final First Leg - Stade Louis II, Monaco - 3/5/17 Juventus' Gonzalo Higuain celebrates after the match Reuters / Jean-Paul Pelissier Livepic
Football Soccer - AS Monaco v Juventus - UEFA Champions League Semi Final First Leg - Stade Louis II, Monaco - 3/5/17 Juventus' Gonzalo Higuain scores their second goal Reuters / Eric Gaillard Livepic
MONACO Juventus striker Gonzalo Higuain struck twice as the Italian side produced a masterful all-round display to beat Monaco 2-0 in the first leg of their Champions League semi-final on Wednesday.
A youthful Monaco team had breezed through the tournament with free-scoring performances but they met their match on home soil against the experienced and ruthless Serie A champions.
Right back Dani Alves raced into the box and back-heeled for Argentina striker Higuain to sweep home a clinical finish just before the half-hour mark.
The same two players combined again for the visitors' second goal on 59 minutes, Higuain tapping in from close range from an astute cross by the veteran Brazilian defender.
Monaco had their chances but kept bumping into the tightest defence in Europe's top club competition with just two goals conceded in this campaign.
Veteran goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon played their part with a string of crucial saves, notably from a shot from Colombia striker Radamel Falcao and when they tipped a Valere Germain header over their bar in the closing stages.
"We approached the game the way we had to and did what they had to do," Buffon told reporters. "We do have an advantage but we also know Monaco have excellent players capable of scoring away. It's not over".
Juventus combined well in the opening stages and were the first on target with a low drive by Dani Alves straight at Monaco goalkeeper Danijel Subasic on 13 minutes.
Relying on their trademark counter-attacking style, the home side threatened when teenage forward Kylian Mbappe collected a Nabil Dirar cross and forced Buffon to show their class.
Buffon was made to work again, punching out a header from close range by Falcao.
Mbappe provided a symbol for Monaco's problems with the Juventus defence when they collapsed in the box after being stopped by rugged central defender Giorgio Chiellini just before halftime.
"They had two chances and scored two goals, we had many and scored none, that says it all", said the 18-year-old Mbappe, who had scored 18 goals from their last 18 competitive games, including three in the 6-3 aggregate win over Borussia Dortmund in the last eight.
Chiellini was lucky to stay on the pitch when they escaped with a yellow card for elbowing Falcao in the face in the second half.
The Italian champions, who advanced to the last four with a 3-0 aggregate win over Barcelona, are ideally placed to reach the final.
Real Madrid beat city rivals Atletico 3-0 in the first leg of the other semi-final on Tuesday.
Juventus, who won the European Cup in 1995 and 1996, have never been eliminated by a French team in 11 previous meetings in European club competitions.
Monaco, who are close to winning the Ligue 1 title, face a struggle to reach their second Champions League final after 2004, when they lost 3-0 to a Porto side coached by Jose Mourinho after a great run featuring wins over Real Madrid and Chelsea.
(Writing by Patrick Vignal in Paris, editing by Ed Osmond)
By Chris Ochayi
Minister of Power, Works and Housing, Mr. Babatunde Raji Fashola, has warned government agencies in the housing sector that the provision of affordable housing policy of the Muhammadu Buhari administration must be delivered to the people.
Mr. Fashola, who gave the charge at the inauguration of the Governing Boards of the Federal Housing Authority, FHA, and the Federal Mortgage Bank of Nigeria, FMBN, in Abuja, said the agencies must be repositioned in order to deliver service to Nigerians.
The minister recalled that “Since the FHA and FMBN were set up, they have experienced their fair share of challenges while they have also become well-known brands within the country.”
According to him, “This is now your responsibility to reposition these brands and utilise them, by providing the guidance for the managing directors and management teams of FHA and FMBN to enable them deliver service to Nigerians.
“For the avoidance of doubt, let me state that the policy of government is to deliver afordable housing, acceptable to Nigerians and these agencies, whose brands you will now administer are the implementing arms of government for housing delivery (FHA) and housing financing (FMBN).
“The managing directors and their management teams have the executive responsibility for carrying these out, subject to your Boards' oversight, approvals and advice, while the ministry plays a supervisory role.
“Therefore, we expect to see harmony, respect, teamwork and a healthy working co-operation between boards and management. On the part of the ministry, I assure you that we will supervise but we will not interfere. For your information, we are piloting a housing programme and currently constructing in 33 states of Nigeria.
“We do this to validate and test what type of housing design responds to Nigeria's diverse cultural, climatic and religious needs, so as to ascertain what is acceptable and affordable.
“We are at different stages of construction in different states, and we have recommended these designs to FHA, without imposing them.
Our decision is informed by the evidence of previous housing initiatives that people did not take up and empty houses that still abound in almost every state of Nigeria.
“These houses that are not taken and the deficit of housing, suggests to us that the houses not taken are either unacceptable or unaffordable or both. We see housing as a product, and we take the view that before they can be delivered to market, we must know what the people want and what they can afford. When our pilot is fully completed, these answers will become self-evident and this is when we can mass produce.
“There is certainly nothing that stops FHA from undertaking other designs of housing if it can find a market for them, and it can deploy the income to cross-subsidize and make mass housing more affordable. As for the financing side, this is critical to affordability and it is as much the function of FHA in cost management and delivery as it is that of FMBN in delivering mortgages of affordable tenures and costs.
“Since May 2015 to date, FMBN has issued 2,724 mortgages worth N20.237 billion to assist Nigerians buy their own homes under the National Housing Fund NHF”
FILE PHOTO: A U.S. $100 banknote is placed next to 100 yuan banknotes in this picture illustration taken in Beijing, China, October 16, 2010. REUTERS/Petar Kujundzic/File Photo
BEIJING China's outstanding foreign debt fell to $1.42 trillion at the end of 2016 from $1.43 trillion at the end of September, the foreign exchange regulator said on Friday.
Short-term foreign debt stood at $870.9 billion at end-2016, down from $894.4 billion at the end of the third quarter, the regulator said.
At the end of 2016, China's outstanding foreign debt was 13 percent of GDP and its short-term foreign debt was 29 percent of FX reserves, the State Administration of Foreign Exchange (SAFE) said in a separate statement on its website.
"China's foreign debt risks fall within internationally recognized boundaries. Overall China's foreign debt risks are manageable," SAFE said.
"Companies need to be able to borrow a reasonable amount of debt to go about their daily operations," SAFE said, adding that Chinese companies would independently decide when, how much and in what currency to borrow.
Short-term foreign debt accounted for 61 percent of the total at the end of last year, while medium- and long-term debt made up 39 percent of the total, SAFE said in a statement on its website.
Yuan-denominated foreign debt made up 34 percent of total foreign debt at the end of 2016, compared with 40 percent at the end of September.
The yuan CNY=CFXS fell 6.5 percent against a surging dollar in 2016, its biggest annual drop since 1994.
China's foreign debt deleveraging process had basically finished and the size of China's foreign debt would steadily rise in 2017, the regulator said in a note accompanying the statement.
(Reporting by the Beijing Monitoring Desk, Sue-Lin Wong and Kevin Yao; Editing by Nick Macfie)
SHENZHEN, China: Engineers, computer programmers and children tinker with self-made radio-controlled toy cars and robotic arms in China's southern city of Shenzhen, home to “makers” who belie the country's reputation as a hub for technology copycats.
The group works in a special space inside a high-rise in a city considered a nerve center for the “maker movement” of tech whizzes who invent, design and make their own gadgets and devices from scratch.
China is trying to shed its notoriety as a hub for counterfeit goods, a battleground in an ongoing trade dispute with the United States, which is threatening to hit Chinese electronics and other high-end industry with steep tariffs for the “theft” of intellectual property.
The Shenzhen government has doled out $145 million in grants to lure thousands of Chinese and foreign entrepreneurs, and tens of millions more to fund “maker spaces” and activities to encourage innovation.
At the “MG Space”, a wall is covered by shelves with meticulously labelled bins containing assorted pieces of wood and foam, circuit boards, wires, soldering kits, plastic parts and joiners for communal use.
“I'm designing a pulley system that can support a lot of weight,” 11-year-old Li Zhonghan told AFP, without taking their eyes off a 3D modelling programme on their computer.
Once their blueprints are ready, the makers send their plans to a 3D printer and laser cutter to make their designs a reality.
Yue Lingyu, vice manager of “MG Space,” which is privately funded, said it is important to give children and youth opportunities to collaborate on projects with professionals.
“The tutors here don't see the kids as their students—they view each other as colleagues,” they told AFP.
“Makers” pride themselves on coming up with new ideas, and they expect fellow makers to give them due credit for inventions.
This is a departure from the so-called “shanzhai” culture in China, where counterfeiters produce increasingly high-quality replicas of everything from computers to handbags to famous paintings.
Eight years ago, two brothers in Shenzhen invented the “Apple Peel”, a set of attachments that convert an iPod Touch into a fully functional iPhone that can make calls and send text messages.
China has slowly evolved from “shanzhai” to grey areas like Apple Peel and original technologies such as dockless shared bicycles.
Shenzhen went from being a manufacturing hub for mainly foreign firms to making mobile phones, drones and other gadgets for Chinese firms and start-ups.
But a survey of US businesses by the American Chamber of Commerce shows IP infringement continues to be a top challenge for some in China, citing inadequate laws and difficulty prosecuting cases.
Intellectual property issues have vexed Chinese companies, too. New IP courts have been created to stop the thefts.
“In China, trends spring up and companies copy each other. Especially for cases where the ideas require a low level of technology, it's hard to say who came up with it first,” said Wu Nan, founder of AllTechAsia, which tracks Chinese technology trends.
Matthew Murphy, managing partner at the Beijing-based MMLC firm, which specialises in IP, says there are too many obstacles to bringing cases to court.
“The laws are fine but many innovators look at how much trouble and cost may be involved in IP enforcement and they get concerned. The requirement of notarized/legalized Powers of Attorney and other documents adds a level of cost and slows things down a lot,” they told AFP.
Another problem is that the wealth of government subsidies available can lead to a concentration of start-ups in areas where there isn't enough demand, critics say.
Christopher Balding, economics professor at Peking University in Shenzhen, has observed entrepreneurs making decisions based on what subsidies are available regardless of whether the company actually intended to bring their proposed products to market.
“For example, the government decided that robots were a big thing and there was a lot of funding, so everyone began making robots. While there is significant new robot adoption in China, Beijing is investing vastly more than needed,” Balding said.
Some say public funds for makers are not being wisely spent.
“Maker spaces get so much money from the government and they're competing with each other for members, but there are so many that some are completely empty,” Wu said
.
James Simpson, founder of the private “Steamhead” makers' education hub in Shenzhen, said there are enough maker spaces now and the priority should be to get people to use them.
“In China there is huge interest and an increasing number of resources to turn creative skills into a sustainable business, but not so many chances for people to have interactions to access new experiences and learn from others,” they said.
Great strides forwards... and backwards.
The saying one step forward, two steps back exists for a reason, much to the disappointment of Star Wars fans.
If there's one thing that Star Wars Battlefront II accomplishes though, it is capturing that unmistakable magic of the series and the fact you are flying, running and blasting your way around the Star Wars universe. Damien Lucas, gaming columnist
The 2015 release of Star Wars Battlefront was widely criticised for placing too much focus on its flawed multiplayer and inexplicably ignoring single player altogether.
Well I can happily report that DICE have addressed that issue and taken a real step forward with a solid and enjoyable single player campaign in Battlefront 2.
In fact with a focus on single player, making its blasters and weapons feel vastly superior to the first game and a much-improved roster of Star Wars characters then it has to be said SWB2 is a sequel which improves upon its predecessor in some major ways.
Fourteen beautiful crafted maps set across the entire 40-year history of the series and what's not to like?
That's where the two steps back come in.
Anyone who has read up elsewhere on the game will undoubtedly already know this but unfortunately there is no getting away from it, the terrible progression system and disjointed storytelling are huge setbacks.
As I have touched on the game is visually stunning, there is an exciting scope of online battles and impressive set-pieces in the single-player campaign (which just by virtue of existing is an improvement on the last game).
The Starfighter Assault makes for some memorable Star Wars battle action and the controls play their part too.
But the rage-inducing complexity of the progression system in multiplayer is exacerbated by convoluted and cumbersome menus and poor tutorials.
Predictable twists make the story feel cheap but then the same accusation could be leveled at the classic films themselves.
There is also too much emphasis on the random loot drops and microtransactions which has sparked a lot of criticism elsewhere and rightly so.
If there's one thing that Star Wars Battlefront II accomplishes though, it is capturing that unmistakable magic of the series and the fact you are flying, running and blasting your way around the Star Wars universe.
There is more content, a single-player campaign (although it does feel strange praising a game for the inclusion of this!) and superb graphics and sound. But it is all counterbalanced - rather ironically - by the progression system which is regressive in terms of the overall SWB2 experience.
MANY of our Supreme Court justices seem to believe they have the right, the duty and the power to judicially remove the Chief Justice, whom President Rodrigo Duterte desperately wants out, in patent disregard of the Constitution, which provides that an impeachable officer, such as the President, the Vice President, members of the Supreme Court, members of the constitutional commissions and the Ombudsman, may be removed only upon conviction in a Senate impeachment trial, after having been impeached by the House of Representatives, with the concurrence of no less than two-thirds of all the senators.
An abomination
Even the village idiot knows this reported belief is arrant nonsense. The Supreme Court does not have the right, the duty or the power to review and reject the President's appointment of a Chief Justice, or a mere associate justice, even by a unanimous vote. It is an abomination as far as common sense and the fundamental precepts and principles of the Constitution are concerned, and puts the justices above the Constitution and the court, which is the exact opposite of their proper place.
The manner of appointing our justices has evolved through various changes of our Constitution, but no Constitution ever allowed the justices to arrogate unto themselves a power they never had. The justices derive their authority and power from the Constitution and the court, rather than the Constitution and the court deriving their power and majesty from the consent and calculations of the justices. This is a permanent and unchanging doctrine.
Under Section 5, Article VIII of the 1935 Constitution, “all members of the Supreme Court and all judges of inferior courts are appointed by the President with the consent of the Commission on Appointments.” In the 1973 Constitution, which adopted a quasi-parliamentary system, the Prime Minister became the appointing power, without the participation of the Commission on Appointments, which was deleted from the structure.
Reviewing appointments
But neither in the 1935 nor in the 1973 Constitution, was the high court involved in the screening, naming and qualifying of justices. The court en banc never reviewed the appointment of any justice.
Under the present Constitution, the President appoints justices without need of CA confirmation, from a list of at least three nominees submitted by a seven-man Judicial and Bar Council chaired by the Chief Justice for every vacancy that needs to be filled. The JBC and only the JBC nominates, and the President appoints the justices from among the nominees.
Somehow the President's preference always manages to land on the JBC “short list.” But although the Chief Justice chairs the JBC, whose principal function it is to recommend judicial appointees, the SC does not get involved in vetting prospective appointees, nor in reviewing SC appointments. After a justice is appointed, they or they may be removed from office only by death, permanent disability, resignation, or impeachment for, and conviction of, culpable violation of the Constitution, treason, bribery, graft and corruption, other high crimes or betrayal of public trust.
This means that even if we were all agreed that Maria Lourdes Sereno's appointment was an exceptional case of bad judgement on the part of then President B. S. Aquino 3rd, who may have wanted to buy some kind of legal insurance for the next 20 years; even if Sereno were guilty of all the accusations levelled against her, including charges of being bipolar and psychologically unfit, their colleagues could still not amend the Constitution and give themselves a power that is not theirs just to get rid of a disagreeable and unwanted chief. Them removal is not the business of their colleagues. It is for the Senate and only for the Senate to try them in an impeachment trial, if and when they are finally impeached by the House of Representatives.
Who are they to judge?
The 14 other justices are made up of two kinds: those who were appointed before Sereno became chief justice, and those who were appointed afterward. If those already in office before Aquino made Sereno chief justice have no power to review and reject their appointment, how much more those who joined the court after they were appointed? The answer is obvious. And yet it was Associate Justice Noel Tijam, a recent DU30 appointee, who drafted the ponencia reportedly ousting Sereno, even before the court en banc could hear the oral arguments on the Solicitor General's quo warranto initiative.
This is not all. There are reports from legal circles close to Malacañang, unverified as of now and hopefully untrue, that the latest plan being mooted among some pro-DU30 bright boys is to declare Sereno's appointment as void ab initio—like an invalid marriage that never existed. If these reports are true, it means the justices will have to proclaim they were never Chief Justice, through a declaration of nullity. I cannot see how this could fly, since it would mean invalidating Sereno's vote in so many cases in which they had participated, and vacating decisions they may have penned.
These would include what I firmly believe was a patently erroneous decision on the patently unconstitutional Reproductive Health Law, which Sereno and others ruled as “not unconstitutional” despite its abject violation of the Constitution, which I pointed out during the oral arguments before the SC en banc but which was never refuted but simply ignored by the justices; and the laughable ruling in the case of a famous foundling whom Sereno and others decided was a natural-born Filipino on the basis of the Solicitor General's presentation of statistical probabilities despite the clear citizenship provisions of the Constitution which supported the opposite view.
Beyond repair
Therefore, I doubt the justices would pursue the nullity option. But highly informed sources who claim to have an inside track on what's happening at the court insist that more than a simple majority of the justices are ready to oust Sereno. This would not just be a mistake. It would be a catastrophe beyond repair. The justices, whose feet are all clay, can err as they have in reading the clearest constitutional provision and the court can still survive their error; but in this particular case, there is no constitutional provision to misread, absolutely no written text to misinterpret, only the justices' intense desire to get rid of their Chief Justice allows them to believe they have the right, the duty and the power to rule on an issue which is denied to them by the Constitution.
Against the Supreme Court's patently erroneous and harmful decisions there is ultimately no appeal. And since a ruling ousting Sereno would fulfill DU30's most fervent demand, the justices would have nothing to fear from a President who threatens to jail international legal servants who dare speak to them of human rights. After the court rules, assuming it will rule as feared, some lawyers will probably say we must continue to respect the court despite its error, for it is always right even when it is wrong. But if and when that happens, this ageing poor former public servant will have to summon every inch of courage and strength to tell their grandchildren that all law and justice have died in the country, and that we will have to fight our political and legal battles by other means.
The final blow
The next step for DU30 could be to declare their long desired “revolutionary government” and wipe out the last shreds of civility of political life under the Constitution. They have been heard recently to say this, and despite their tendency to say one thing and do another, those who were listening to them at close range seem convinced this is their ultimate aim, since they cannot seem to manage exercising limited and publicly accountable power within a well-defined constitutional order. This thought is a source of continuing nightmare for me, and I'm sure for many others.
But my greatest nightmare, from which I sometimes fear I may not be able to recover, is this: what happens when our long slumbering people finally awaken and decide that DU30 is correct after all, that indeed only a revolutionary government can cure our cancer, except that it should be run not by DU30 and their communist confreres, but by our long suffering people?
fstatad@gmail.com
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — The U.S. military is reiterating a promise to keep Persian Gulf waterways open to oil tankers as Iran renewed threats to close off the region.
Capt. Bill Urban, a spokesperson for the U.S. military's Central Command, told The Associated Press on Wednesday that American sailors and its regional allies "stand ready to ensure the freedom of navigation and the free flow of commerce wherever international law allows."
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani on Tuesday suggested Iran could halt regional exports if it is stopped from exporting oil after America pulled out of the nuclear deal with world powers.
Meanwhile, Iranian Gen. Qassem Soleimani reportedly sent a letter to Rouhani applauding their stance.
Advertisement
Soleimani, the head of the Revolutionary Guard's expeditionary Quds Force, said their forces were "ready for any policy."
WARSAW, April 13 Polish biggest bank, state-run PKO BP, said on Thursday it did not plan to pay out a dividend from 2016 profit.
The bank's decision is in line with the financial regulator's recommendation regarding withholding profit. (Reporting by Agnieszka Barteczko; Editing by Edmund Blair)
People look at a car damaged and partially buried under a collapsed house after a landslide triggered by heavy rain at Banaran village in Ponorogo, Indonesia East Java province, April 1, 2017 in this photo taken by Antara Foto. Antara Foto/Siswowidodo/ via REUTERS
Indonesia police officers and rescuers carry the body of a victim of a landslide triggered by heavy rain at Banaran village in Ponorogo, Indonesia's East Java province, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Sigit Pamungkas
Rescuers look for people feared to be buried after a landslide triggered by heavy rain hit Banaran village in Ponorogo, Indonesia's East Java province, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Sigit Pamungkas
Rescuers rest during a rescue operation after a landslide triggered by heavy rain hit Banaran village in Ponorogo, East Java province, Indonesia April 2, 2017 in this photo taken by Antara Foto. Antara Foto/Destyan Sujarwoko/ via REUTERS
Rescuers are pictured during a rescue operation after a landslide triggered by heavy rain hit Banaran village in Ponorogo, East Java province, Indonesia, April 2, 2017 in this photo taken by Antara Foto. Antara Foto/Zabur Karuru/ via REUTERS
Rescuers look for people feared to be buried after a landslide triggered by heavy rain hit Banaran village in Ponorogo, East Java province, Indonesia April 2, 2017 in this photo taken by Antara Foto. Antara Foto/Zabur Karuru/via REUTERS
JAKARTA Indonesian rescuers, joined by police and soldiers, found one body and continued to look for 28 other people feared to be buried after a landslide triggered by heavy rain on Indonesia's Java island, a spokesperson for the national disaster agency said.
The mud and debris from Saturday's landslide in a village in the Ponorogo area of East Java had engulfed more than 20 houses after sliding 800 meters (875 yards) down a hillside, National Disaster Management Agency spokesperson Sutopo Purwo Nugroho said.
Some of the victims were believed to include a group harvesting a crop of ginger in fields around the village, they said.
Seventeen people had been injured and were being treated at a community health center.
Rescue efforts were hampered by people flocking to the area to see the landslide and causing traffic jams, they said earlier.
The local disaster mitigation agency had warned of the risk of a landslide due to recent rain, and some people had only returned to the village on Saturday after staying the night in a shelter, said the official.
(Reporting by Agustinus Beo Da Costa; Writing by Ed Davies; Editing by Kim Coghill)
April 12 Clas Ohlson Ab
* Clas ohlson increases sales in March 2017
* Says sales increases by 10 percent in March to 537 mln SEK
* In local currencies, sales increased by 7 percent
* Sales were seen up 8 percent in a Reuters poll, local-currency sales were seen up 5 percent
* Sales in March is positively affected by a calendar effect of about 5 percentage points, due to more trading days compared with the corresponding period previous year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Stockholm Newsroom)
An increase in the direct provision allowance to €21.60 a week for adults and children is “offensively minuscule” and shows “no understanding whatsoever” of the lives of those dependent on it, asylum seekers and several groups representing them have said.
Some others, however, welcomed the increase as a step in the right direction.
The Movement of Asylum Seekers in Ireland (MASI) and the Irish Refugee Council were critical of the announcement on Wednesday, by minister for justice Frances Fitzgerald and Taoiseach Leo Varadkar, that the allowance would increase by €6 a week for children and by €2.50 for adults.
Some 4,652 people were living in direct provision centres across the State in May, the most recent data, about one third of them children.
Direct provision was established in 2000 and sees asylum seekers accommodated in centres where they are provided with meals and a weekly allowance. Though children attend school, adults may not work.
Mr Varadkar said: “The Tánaiste and I believe this is an important measure. The increases will benefit everyone living within the direct provision system by providing more disposable income.”
The direct provision allowance was introduced with the system, at a weekly rate of IR£15 (€19.10) per adult and IR£7.50 (€9.60) per child. The adult rate has remained unchanged since, though the child rate was increased in January 2016 to €15.60. The increases will be from August.
In 2015 a cross-departmental working group, chaired by retired judge, Bryan McMahon, recommended increases to €38.74 for adults and €29.80 for children
Lucky Khambule, MASI spokesperson, said members were “insulted” by Wednesday's increases.
“We really feel insulted by the newly-elected Taoiseach, who seems to have no understanding whatsoever about what we have gone through in direct provision for 17 years.
“The Taoiseach said that these offensively minuscule increases would give asylum seekers more disposable income. If our situation wasn't so serious this would be a joke. We were not consulted on this, no one asked us what we needed. We are furious that people think that €2.50 or €6 will do anything to address the damage caused to our lives by direct provision.
Poverty line
“The answer to our problems is not an increase to our allowance. It is allowing us the right to work. We have been living below the poverty line for so long, denied this basic right.”
The Irish Refugee Council welcomed the “modest” increase but said it was not enough.
The council's chief executive, Nick Henderson, said the increase, “the first ever for adults, and the second for children since 2000”, was “still hugely insufficient and is also below the modest recommendations of the McMahon report.
The society of St Vincent de Paul however welcomed the increases.
“While there is still some way to go . . . the increases are moving in the right direction and we hope that Budget 2018 will bring further increases to the levels we have sought,” said the organisations national president, Kieran Stafford.
The Children's Rights Alliance also welcomed the measure saying it as a major breakthrough for the most vulnerable groups of children. Chief executive Tanya Ward said they hoped this was a proactive step by the new Taoiseach.
March 27 Canacol Energy Ltd
* Canacol Energy Ltd. announces 2P Reserves of 85 MMBOE worth US$1.3B BTAX and 13 year reserve life index
* Canacol Energy- Corporation forecasts 130 million cubic feet of gas per day of natural gas production for exit rate 2017
* Canacol Energy- Corporation forecasts 230 mmcf/d of natural gas production for exit rate for 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
KATHMANDU: At least 165 people have died and thousands have fled their homes as monsoon floods swept across Nepal, India and Bangladesh, officials said Monday, warning the toll could rise as the extent of the damage becomes clear.
Three days of relentless downpours sparked flash floods and landslides that have killed at least 70 people in Nepal, 73 across northern and eastern India and 22 in Bangladesh.
Around 200,000 people are living in emergency camps in Assam in northeast India, which suffers frequent flooding during the annual monsoon rains.
Another 15,000 have had to leave their homes in the eastern state of Bihar, which borders Nepal and where one official said seven rivers were at danger levels.
Huge swathes of the state were submerged in 2008 when a river burst its banks across the border in Nepal, with the two countries trading blame for the disaster.
In Nepal, police said over 48,000 homes have been totally submerged by the floods.
As emergency workers struggled to reach far-flung areas, the country's home ministry said another 47 people were missing, presumed dead.
The Nepal Red Cross warned that shortages of drinking water and food could create a humanitarian crisis in the impoverished Himalayan country.
“In many parts of the country there is a scarcity of safe drinking water creating a high risk of health hazards,” spokesperson Dibya Raj Poudel told Agence France-Presse.
“Several villages and settlements are unreachable. Telecommunications, mobile phones are still not working so it is difficult to give a full assessment.”
In India, emergency workers were scouring the area hit by a massive landslide that swept two passenger buses into a deep gorge on Sunday, killing at least 46 people in the mountainous northern state of Himachal Pradesh.
In the neighboring state of Uttarakhand—which also borders Nepal—three people were killed in a landslide late Sunday triggered by heavy rains, local police official Ajay Joshi told Agence France-Presse.
Bangladesh deploys troops
Bangladesh deployed troops to shore up embankments in the north of the country, where flooding has killed 22 people.
Local government administrator Kazi Hasan Ahmed told Agence France-Presse up to 700,000 people had been marooned by flood waters after rivers burst their banks following days of heavy rain.
“We've not seen such severe floods in Dinajpur since 1988,” they said, referring to the worst-hit district.
“The town protection embankment was washed away by flood water, submerging most of the main town.”
The government's Flood Forecasting and Warning Center warned that water levels in some major rivers would continue to rise over the next 72 hours, raising fears the flooding could spread.
In Nepal, the worst of the flooding was in the southern lowlands known as the Terai, the country's most fertile region and home to much of its agriculture.
“We are getting reports that about 70 percent of agriculture area in the Tarai is inundated,” said Shankar Sapkota, senior agricultural economist with the government.
“Paddy fields, vegetable plantation and fish farms have been affected but right now we cannot confirm the extent of damage.”
Nearly 150 people have been killed in Nepal since the beginning of the rainy season in late June.
The rains are now expected to shift westwards and authorities in Nepal have begun evacuating 74,000 people from the area expected to be hit.
Hundreds have died in torrential rain, floods and landslides in neighboring India during the monsoon, which hits the country's southern tip in early June and sweeps across the nation, lasting into September.
AFP
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead, including gunman, in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three people before fatally shooting themselves as officers closed in.
Veteran actor Anthony Hopkins has said they do not care about their estranged daughter, Abigail, as their relationship is “over”.
Abigail, 48, is from Hopkins' first marriage to Petronella Barker. The actor reportedly walked out of the relationship when Abigail was a toddler. The two have been estranged for several decades, though they briefly reconciled during the 90s.
“Her choice is their choice. You know, I did the best I could, but you know, OK, I think if somebody doesn't want to be part of my life, fine. Go and do whatever you want. I have no memories or any … I certainly don't … I wish them well and all that, but I don't want to talk about my daughter. Those things are over. I've got no blame. People do what they do.
“And I don't understand it and it doesn't bother me. I can't waste my time worrying about it. And I'm not cold, I'm just thinking, ‘Oh well, that's the way it is.'” Hopkins said in an interview with The Times newspaper.
The 80-year-old actor also admitted that they are not aware whether Abigail has made them a grandfather.
“I don't have any idea. People break up. Families split and, you know, ‘Get on with your life.' People make choices. I don't care one way or the other.”
When told that their comments might come across as “cold”, the actor said, “life is cold”.
“Well, it is cold. Because life is cold. It's like John Osborne's response when someone said to him, ‘Mr Osborne, your play is so offensive,' and they said, ‘Life is offensive',” Hopkins said.
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
(Repeats to reach more customers. No changes to text)
By Brian Love
PARIS, March 31 If French voters do not want to leave the euro, Marine Le Pen's National Front party will not force them to should they become president in May, the party's secretary general said on Friday.
"It's not the be-all and end-all of our programme," Nicolas Bay said in a radio interview. "We will put it to a referendum. We will not impose anything on the people. If the French want to keep the euro they will keep it," they told RTL.
Le Pen, tipped by opinion polls to face staunchly pro-common currency candidate Emmanuel Macron in the presidential runoff vote on May 7, has said they would resign from the presidency if voters subsequently rejected proposals they put to them via a referendum.
"What do you expect me to do? I'd leave," they told guests of the business federation Ethic at a March 7 gathering in Paris.
"I can't deliver on an entire programme if we do not have the means and the leverage to do so."
A majority of National Front supporters opposes the euro but 72 percent of the overall French electorate do not want to revert to the franc, an Ipsos poll published this month said.
The euro replaced national currencies in everyday usage in 2002 across the euro zone, which spans 19 of the 28 countries in the European Union.
All opinion polls to date predict a heavy Le Pen defeat in the final two-way playoff, despite being more or less neck and neck with favourite Macron in the opening vote on April 23, where all but two of the 11 contenders will be eliminated.
Le Pen told Le Parisien newspaper in an interview published on March 26 that there would be no big-bang exit from the euro if they won power.
They said that they would hold a referendum on Europe after six months of negotiations with the rest of the European Union on a range of issues including leaving the border-free Schengen agreement and transforming the EU into a looser cooperative of nations.
Talks on the euro currency would come at the end of those negotiations, they said.
"Within the negotiation calendar I want to pursue ... the euro would be the last step because I want to wait for the outcome of elections in Germany in the fall (autumn) before renegotiating it," they told the newspaper.
If France were to revert to using its own currency, the cost would be huge, in large part because of French banks' debts abroad, French economics think-tank CEPII said in a study on Thursday.
It calculated that French banks would see their debts to German creditors alone surge by 21.5 billion euros ($22.95 billion) in such a scenario. ($1 = 0.9367 euros) (Additional reporting by Leigh Thomas; Editing by Andrew Callus)
FILE PHOTO: Airbus Group Chief Executive Tom Enders speaks during a news conference on the aerospace group's annual results, in London, Britain February 24, 2016. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
AMSTERDAM Airbus hopes to get "significant" financial help from European governments to ease renewed problems with its A400M military transport aircraft, Chief Executive Tom Enders said on Wednesday.
In February, Airbus called for further help on Europe's largest defence project, following penalties for delays and a contract clause allowing buyers to withhold some cash payments.
In late March, Airbus held talks with European purchasing governments who decided to maintain the penalties, but did not rule out some short-term flexibility..
"We are very grateful that governments have responded to our plea to engage in these discussions, which will hopefully bring significant financial mitigation," Enders told an annual shareholder meeting.
Enders said the drain on cash from the A400M problems should be reduced beyond 2018, after which the company would demonstrate strong potential for cashflow generation.
(Reporting by Tim Hepher; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta)
After the team's first double-points finish of the season at the Austrian Grand Prix last weekend, the Alfa Romeo Sauber F1 Team moves on to compete in the third back-to-back race – the British Grand Prix at Silverstone. With an immense history and high popularity among motorsport enthusiasts, this race weekend is one that Marcus Ericsson and Charles Leclerc very much look forward to. Both drivers name the track's renowned high-speed corners as the challenge they most appreciate. The unpredictable weather conditions at Silverstone offer an additional challenge to drivers and teams alike.
The Alfa Romeo Sauber F1 Team celebrates a special occasion this race weekend – namely the 68th anniversary of Alfa Romeo's first ever Formula 1 Grand Prix win, with Giuseppe “Nino” Farina in the Alfa Romeo GP Tipo 158 “Alfetta” on the 13th May 1950 at Silverstone.
Marcus Ericsson
“Silverstone is one of my favourite races on the calendar. It is a track that has a good mixture of everything – but I especially like the high-speed corner combinations. They really challenge you as a driver, and I see driving these types of corners as one of my strong points. The British fans always show up in great numbers, which makes the event even more special. The weather always plays a big role there, and the changeable conditions can spice things up. It is one of the highlights of the F1 calendar for me and it's great to head there with the strength of the good result in Austria.”
Charles Leclerc
“I am looking forward to driving at Silverstone. It is a high-speed track, and I am a big fan of the types of corners the track features. In general, I enjoy driving in wet conditions very much. The weather in England is quite unpredictable, so I hope that there will be some rain to add an extra challenge to our sessions. It is an historic race, and there are many passionate fans who come to support us at the track. This will make the atmosphere even more special for the weekend, and I can't wait to be back in the car.”
Track facts
With its many high-speed corners, the track at Silverstone requires a lot of downforce as well as a stable car. In terms of the car set-up, the challenge will be to balance the high-speed requirements of the older part of the circuit (up to 2009) with the traction and ride demand of the newer section (since 2011).
April 28 TC Pipelines LP
* TC Pipelines LP - on April 24 Great Lakes Gas Transmission Ltd partnership entered into a term sheet with Transcanada Pipelines Limited - SEC filing
* TC Pipelines LP - term sheet provides for a contract term of 10 years and a total contract value of up to $758 million - SEC filing
* Term sheet provides for a long-term transportation capacity contract
* TC Pipelines LP - contract may commence as soon as November 1, 2017, contains volume reduction, termination options beginning end of year 3 of contract
* As per capacity contract, Great Lakes will provide transportation services to tcpl on its natural gas pipeline Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 1-Russia's Polyus sets price range for share offer in London, Moscow
MOSCOW, June 15 Russia's top gold producer Polyus said on Thursday it had set a price range for the offering of between 7 and 9 percent of its shares, including new shares, in London and Moscow.
The National Association of Christian Ministers (August 02, 2016) – The National Association of Christian Ministers, a non-denominational fellowship of professional Christian ministers, introduced a new online ministry training program. It allows deserving candidate to become an ordained Minister of the Gospel after completing the required training and formalities.
Online ministry training program offered by this association is truly outstanding. It aims to develop efficient leaders and ministers for the pious cause of Christ. This course comprises of required training, personal development, interaction and internships. After the completion of this course, a minster may even request a reference letter from the president of this organization.
“National Association of Christian Ministers” has been offering various courses that include professional development, Christian ordination, ministry training, etc. In addition to the same, it also provides church charters and minster license. Through its official website, it also makes available ministerial resources free of cost to all those, who are called to ministry.
In order to obtain more information about The “National Association of Christian Ministers”, log on to http://www.nacministers.com/
Israeli forces destroyed a tunnel on Sunday that was being built by Hamas militants in Gaza.
The tunnel had been partially destroyed during Israel's war with Gaza in 2014 and Hamas had attempted to put it back into operation, according to an Israeli military spokesperson.
The tunnel was several hundred meters from Israel's border fence, near the Gazan city of Rafah, but Israeli military forces did not cross into Gaza to destroy it.
Instead, they used a new technique to render the tunnel inoperable, according to Lieutenant-Colonel Jonathan Conricus.
Watch video 03:26 Share Palestine: Dependent on help Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2r7bi US freezes contributions to organizations in Palestine
"We did not use explosives. It (the tunnel) was filled with a certain material, with a certain compound," Conricus said.
Hamas, which rules the Gaza Strip, dismissed the Israeli claim, saying their foes were "marketing fake achievements" in an attempt to raise the morale of their soldiers and Israelis living nearby.
Israel "bears all the consequences of the escalation," said Hamas spokesperson Fawzy Barhoum.
Israel withdrew its troops and settlers from Gaza in 2005 but maintains tight control over the enclave's land and sea border.
Likewise, Egypt keeps its border with Gaza mostly closed, citing security concerns.
Read more: Tunnel found, fresh Gaza clashes
Hamas fighters used dozens of tunnels to blindside Israel's superior forces during the 2014 conflict. Since then Israel has sought to develop countermeasures, including a sensor-equipped underground wall along the 35-mile (60-kilometer) border.
Overnight airstrike
Israel expects to complete the project by the middle of 2019 at a cost of $1.1 billion (900 million euros).
"Our policy is to act resolutely against any attempt to harm us and systematically eliminate the terror tunnel infrastructure, and we will continue doing so," Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said in a statement.
The latest tunnel destruction is the fourth in as many months by Israeli forces. The destruction of the tunnel followed Israeli airstrikes against Hamas targets in Gaza in response to bombs planted along the border in an attempt to harm Israeli soldiers.
Israel's air force carried out an overnight strike against another underground Hamas facility in Gaza.
"It was a subterranean complex, a military complex," said Conricus, the Israeli military spokesperson. They refused to give more details.
Resident Amal Malaka spoke of their fear during the strike in Gaza City.
"We heard the sound of shelling, the whole of the house shaking and the windows too," they said.
No casualties were reported in either incident, the latter of which came after a bomb was detonated near the Gaza border with Israel, the latest in a string of such incidents.
bik/rc (AFP, Reuters, AP)
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
* Canadian dollar at C$1.3709, or 72.94 U.S. cents * Bond prices little changed across the yield curve By Fergal Smith TORONTO, May 2 The Canadian dollar weakened on Tuesday to a fresh 14-month low against its U.S. counterpart as stop loss orders were triggered, extending recent pressure on the currency amid a more uncertain trade outlook and lower oil prices. "This is simply a move to try and wipe out stops ahead of the day really getting rolling," said Brad Schruder, director of corporate sales and structuring at BMO Capital Markets. "This is a lay up trade right now to sell Canada almost across the board." The pullback in oil prices below $50 a barrel, domestic mortgage market concerns and an uncertain outlook for the North American Free Trade agreement have weighed on the loonie recently, while the market is also bracing for a Federal Reserve interest rate decision on Wednesday. The U.S. Federal Reserve is expected to hold interest rates steady at its meeting this week as it pauses to parse more economic data but may hint it is on track for an increase in June. In contrast, the Bank of Canada has signaled it is in no hurry to raise interest rates. U.S. crude prices were down 0.10 percent at $48.79 a barrel despite news of lower production by Russia and Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries. Oil is one of Canada's major exports. At 9:20 a.m. ET (1320 GMT), the Canadian dollar was trading at C$1.3709 to the greenback, or 72.94 U.S. cents, weaker than Monday's close of C$1.3681, or 73.09 U.S. cents, according to Reuters data. The currency's strongest level of the session was C$1.3651, while it touched its weakest since February 2016 at C$1.3712. Strong commodity prices mean the value of Canadian goods exports will jump 6 percent in 2017 after a drop last year, Canada's export credit agency said, playing down possible disruption to NAFTA. Canadian government bond prices were little changed across the yield curve. The two-year edged up 1 Canadian cent to yield 0.715 percent, while the 10-year also rose 1 Canadian cent to yield 1.576 percent. The spread between the 2-year yield and the 10-year yields widened by 0.4 of a basis point to 86.1 basis points, its widest since March 31. Canada's trade report for March is due on Thursday, and the April employment report is due on Friday. (Reporting by Fergal Smith)
ST. CLOUD -- A St. Cloud man faces sex trafficking charges after they allegedly used a woman to prostitute themselves while they were in jail.
According to the criminal complaint 31-year-old Victor Shelton was arrested in Benton County back in January for outstanding warrants.
While in jail their phone calls were monitored by St. Cloud Police in connection to a separate investigation. During that time police became aware Shelton was having a woman sell themselves for sex and giving them the money between January and April.
Court records show the woman was scared of the men they were meeting and told Shelton they didn't want to do it anymore. Shelton told the woman they were going to get other girls to do the work and they would manage the girls.
On April 30th, investigators spoke to the woman who admitted to performing the sex acts and sending Shelton the money.
Shelton denied knowing the woman was involved in prostitution.
He's being charged with soliciting or inducing an individual to practice prostitution, receiving profits from prostitution and engaging in sex trafficking of an individual.
TUNIS, Tunisia (AP) — Scores of journalists held a sit-in Friday in the Tunisian capital to protest what they say is growing pressure to film, photograph and write only what puts security officers and the government in a good light, reviving memories of the era before Tunisia kicked off the Arab Spring seven years ago.
Videos from around the North African country showed journalists joining the day of action by sitting in front of local government offices.
The president of Tunisia's journalists' union, Neji Bghouri, said 40 threat cases were registered in January amid nationwide protests over price hikes that degenerated. Photographers and videographers say equipment was confiscated when they filmed police brutality against protesters.
Those protests came as Tunisia marked seven years since its autocratic leader was ousted, inspiring the 2011 Arab Spring revolutions.
Advertisement
Bghouri expressed concern that freedom of the press, "the principle gain of the revolution," is being threatened.
They claimed that intimidation tactics extend to "threats of torture and rape" from police "militias" and other Interior Ministry agents. Bghouri expressed esteem for security forces fighting Islamic extremists, but added that "we want officers to protect themselves so they don't turn into torturers and enemies of the citizen."
A representative of Human Rights Watch present at the sit-in, Emna Guellali, said there has been a "decline in the indexes (measuring) press freedom in Tunisia" in recent times, particularly in January, and deplored "the tendency of authorities to want to impose on the media an orientation."
Tunisian media noted a particularly grievous anti-press reaction, a case in the southern city of Sfax in which a police union official wrote vulgarities and threats in a Jan. 30 Facebook post — leading to an investigation, the official TAP news agency reported Friday.
The press was tightly controlled and the population at large feared the police and other security forces in the era of ousted leader Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, chased into exile in January 2011, inspiring the Arab Spring. Tunisia is now a budding democracy, but is fighting unemployment, terrorist threats and struggling to stay on track.
When Donald Trump delivered their first State of the Union address this week, political newsrooms all over the US committed extraordinary levels of resources to "fact-checking" the President's claims and calling them out on their mistruths.
All the major publishers were ready for it. The Associated Press gave line-by-line updates as it tallied the lies against a pre-released transcript of the speech. The Washington Post counted more than 2000 falsehoods in speeches leading up to and including the address. reports news.com.au.
The morning after the factually dubious speech the President grabbed their iPhone and tweeted out another glaring falsification, claiming that the address, viewed by 45 million people, attracted more American eyeballs than any address from past presidents.
Thank you for all of the nice compliments and reviews on the State of the Union speech. 45.6 million people watched, the highest number in history. @FoxNews beat every other Network, for the first time ever, with 11.7 million people tuning in. Delivered from the heart! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 1, 2018
It just wasn't true, and anyone with a basic internet connection — that is, anyone reading the tweet — could have easily found that out.
Advertisement
But Mr Trump just didn't care.
It was the same story when the President was elected in late 2016 and claimed he'd won in the biggest landslide since the 1980s — a quick Google showed that close to 80 per cent of presidents before them had been installed in greater victories.
When their inauguration rolled around and side-by-side images showed obviously larger crowds at the same event for their predecessor, they didn't care. They were happy with their version of the story — that the crowds at their ceremony were bigger that Barack Obama's.
While commentators have come to expect Mr Trump to exaggerate the truth and often flat-out lie when he's communicating to their constituents, their fibs aren't being accepted.
Mr Trump keeps getting called on their BS, but still, they keep on spinning new stories.
What's perhaps even more shocking than their constant broadcast of mistruths, is that the President isn't even really lying.
He's indifferent to the truth.
WHY They Do IT
In their seminal work, American philosopher Harry Frankfurt laid out the nuanced distinction between lies and bulls***.
To lie, they claimed, one has to know what the truth is and know that what they're presenting is not true.
Talking bulls***, on the other hand, requires no knowledge of the truth at all — just indifference.
While Prof Frankfurt's academic pursuits were never intended to be political studies, their work is referenced now more than ever in relation to Mr Trump.
Speaking with news.com.au about the President's wild imagination, Sydney University senior lecturer David Smith called on Prof Frankfurt's bulls*** theory.
"Trump is a salesperson who has a salesperson's indifference to facts and truths," Mr Smith said.
"This is a pattern that we see with them — it's about an image that they want to create of himself. He's all about winning and being the best."
So when Mr Trump tries to convince voters or Twitter followers that their government has brought in "the biggest tax cuts in history" or that he's "the least racist person you have ever met", it's not necessarily because they believe those things are true, it's that they fit into their image of being the best. Truth doesn't matter.
And these frequently outlandish and sometimes bizarre claims keep coming because they've been working for them for so long.
"What he's basically been doing at the core of their business for decades is selling their own name," Mr Smith said.
"He's got this enormous amount of experience and success and a salesperson by doing that, and he's managed to successfully bring some of that into politics, and it's worked pretty well for him.
"In a sense he's a very remarkable politician. For someone who's come in as a complete political novice and in their first presidential election won the presidency, it's an extraordinary feat.
"He has this remarkable achievement as a politician which they feel they don't get credit for, so they discredit anything running against them — like the Russia probe — as an attempt to delegitimise what he's achieved, and grips onto any tangible achievements he's had.
"He doesn't have a whole lot to show for their achievements in their presidency yet, but that doesn't fit with their image at all, and so they change the story to make it fit their image."
TRUMP'S BIGGEST LIES
Biggest tax cuts ever
Mr Trump's favourite issue to talk about at the moment is taxes. If you've been listening to any of their public appearances over the past few months, you would have heard the United States is one of the highest taxed nations in the world, and that the President's tax reform plan would provide the biggest tax cut in US history.
Both of these points are untrue.
According to the Trump Government's own Treasury Department data, Mr Trump's reform would rank about eighth in a tally of the nation's most aggressive tax cuts. And according to the Tax Policy Center — an independent think tank — total US tax revenue is "well below the 34 per cent average for developed countries".
During Tuesday night's speech alone, Mr Trump repeated these falsehoods 55 times.
He's also repeatedly claimed that their tax reform plan would target billionaires and would personally "cost me a fortune".
An NBC analysis of the plan found that the President stood to gain personally from the package, with one piece of passed legislation personally saving them $20 million, and their companies set to be taxed at a lower rate.
Immigrants are responsible for crime
The President's doctored stats on immigrant crime rates are up there with their most dangerous mistruths.
In their SOTU speech they said: "For decades, open borders have allowed drugs and gangs to pour into our most vulnerable communities."
The term "open borders" is itself an exaggeration, as successive previous governments have doubled the presence of border patrol officers in the past decade, and have seen border arrests sharply drop.
But the dangerous claim that immigrants bring drugs and crime with them has repeatedly been proven false.
Studies over several years have found immigrants are less likely to commit crimes than people born in the United States.
Voter fraud cost them the popular vote
Losing the popular vote in the 2016 election didn't gel with Mr Trump's "winning" image, so they changed the narrative.
Pedalling a theory apparently plucked from thin air, the newly-elected President claimed their opponent Hillary Clinton garnered millions more votes because of "voter fraud".
They repeated publicly, and in meetings with fellow politicians, that three to five million illegal votes cost them the popular vote.
Voter fraud is extremely rare, as even Mr Trump's own lawyer have acknowledged.
"All available evidence suggests that the 2016 general election was not tainted by fraud or mistake," their own lawyers wrote in a court filing.
Russia a 'made-up story'
Another issue that has dogged Mr Trump's presidency that doesn't fit in with the image they want to portray is Russian interference in the election.
Critics say they see the probe as trying to discredit their win, so they try to dismiss and downplay it as much as they can.
Even after asking for the resignation of their former national security adviser Michael Flynn over discussions with Russian officials, the President said: "I don't think they did anything wrong."
Despite thousands of hours wasted and many millions of dollars spent, the Democrats have been unable to show any collusion with Russia - so now they are moving on to the false accusations and fabricated stories of women who I don't know and/or have never met. FAKE NEWS! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 12, 2017
Online giants Facebook, Google and Twitter have all found some evidence of Russia using their platforms to attempt to influence the election, and government investigations are ongoing.
In an interview with NBC last year, Mr Trump said: "This Russia thing with Trump and Russia is a made-up story. It's an excuse by the Democrats for having lost an election that they should've won."
US publication Politifact went on to declare this the 2017 "Lie of the Year".
Inauguration crowd
This whopper came very early in the presidency and looking back, was a sign of things to come.
After their inauguration event — which took place on a dreary Washington day — the President claimed the overall audience for their swearing-in was "the biggest ever to watch an inauguration address, which is a great thing".
But television ratings and pictures of the crowds who physically gathered to watch the event, showed Mr Obama's 2009 inauguration attracted a far bigger audience than Mr Trump's.
The President even contradicted the White House on this one. The White House estimated 720,000 attended the inauguration in person, while Mr Trump went with 1.5 million.
For Mr Obama's inauguration, the official estimate was 1.8 million.
CONSEQUENCES
A lot of Mr Trump's mistruths amount to little more than big-noting himself.
There's very little consequence to inflating TV audiences or claiming false accolades, apart from that they are easily disproved — which we've already established — doesn't bother the President.
But it's in their claims about more serious matters that affect other people that things start to get serious.
"Where it does hurt is when they start lying or telling untruths about really substantial things that actually hurt the country," Mr Smith said. "If you want to look at Trump's rhetoric on immigration you'd think that any murder in the US was committed by an illegal immigrant, ignoring that US born people commit crimes at a far higher rate.
"When they stay silent after a domestic mass shooting but tweets immediately if a Muslim kills someone in Europe, they create this picture where Americans are threatened by Muslims or immigrants or outsiders of any kind, where really the biggest threat to Americans comes from Americans."
Mr Smith says there are also long-term consequences to Mr Trump's claims of "fake news" directed at media and other institutions.
"Mr Trump tells their supporter they can't believe anyone other than him," they say.
"Trump has really ramped that up and he's really damaging trust in institutions that used to be fairly widely trusted.
"This constant telling their supporters that the only person they can believe is them and a few trusted media outlets, that is pretty damaging and that's where it goes beyond salespersonship. It goes into this real tribalism where people think they can only believe their own tribe, and turn on others."
MANILA May 3 Philippine lawmakers on Wednesday rejected the appointment of Regina Lopez as environment minister, 10 months into their term in office, confirming an earlier Reuters report.
The Commission on Appointments moved to reject the appointment made by President Rodrigo Duterte who has largely supported Lopez's mining crackdown. Lopez was the second member of Duterte's cabinet dismissed by Congress.
Congressman Ronaldo Zamora earlier told Reuters about the outcome of the vote, which removed Lopez.
Lopez angered the mining sector after ordering in February the closure of more than half the country's mines and the cancellation of dozens of contracts for undeveloped mines to protect water resources. Last week, they banned open-pit mining.
Cabinet ministers in the Philippines undergo a confirmation hearing, often long after they begin work. (Reporting by Manolo Serapio Jr.; Editing by Richard Pullin)
March 30 Northstar Realty Europe Corp
* Northstar Realty Europe Corp says on March 27, Scott Berry, CFO notified company of their decision to resign, effective on May 10, 2017
* Northstar Realty Europe Corp - company intends to consider its options internally or externally for a replacement chief financial officer - SEC filing Source text: (bit.ly/2nkFnhG) Further company coverage:
BRIEF-China Science Publishing & Media says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.033 yuan per share(before tax) for 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
BRIEF-Clifton Bancorp Inc to pay $0.25 special dividend
* Clifton Bancorp Inc - declared a special cash dividend of $0.25 per share on its outstanding common stock, payable on or about July 13, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Should parents be banned from posting photos of other children on social media?
An Auckland school has asked parents not to post photos of other children taken at school events without permission.
April 20 Kansas on Thursday increased tax revenue estimates for the current fiscal year as well as the next two by a total of $156.4 million from a previous November projection as the state struggles with budget deficits.
For fiscal 2017, which ends June 30, the estimate was boosted by $62.5 million, while projections increased by $42.9 million for fiscal 2018 and $51 million for fiscal 2019. Reasons for the rosier outlook were not immediately available from Governor Sam Brownback's office.
Tax cuts enacted in 2012 have gouged a hole in the Kansas state budget. After months of falling short of estimates, tax revenue met or exceeded projections between November and February, before slipping below estimates in March.
Brownback on Tuesday signed into law a bill that plugs a $280 million hole in the state's current budget largely by borrowing money from a state investment fund.
The measure, which passed the Kansas legislature on April 6, taps $317 million in unclaimed property fund money held by the Kansas Public Employees Retirement System. The money, which will be transferred to the state's general fund over two years, would be returned over six years beginning in fiscal 2019.
Prior to the new revenue estimate, the budget gap for the next two fiscal years was pegged at about $1 billion.
A move in the state legislature earlier this year to increase revenue by raising tax rates and eliminating a business exemption failed when the Senate was unable to override the Republican governor's veto.
Complicating the state's finances is a March 2 state Supreme Court ruling that found the school funding system falls short of a constitutional requirement for adequacy. The ruling, which set a June 30 deadline for the enactment of a constitutional funding method, could require Kansas to increase school funding by more than $500 million each year.
Moody's Investors Service and S&P Global Ratings have said the ruling will put increased pressure on the state's already shaky finances. (Reporting by Karen Pierog, editing by G Crosse)
May 3 Freenet AG
* dgap-news: freenet ag increased revenue, gross profit and ebitda in the first quarter of 2017 and confirms guidance for 2017 and outlook for 2018
* Q1 ebitda rose 13.1 percent to 100.9 million eur
* Q1 revenue rose 11.9 percent to 838 million eur
* Q1 profit 41.7 million eur
* Says group ebitda in financial year 2017 will increase to slightly more than 410 million euros
* Says will achieve further growth in 2018 compared with previous year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
Memory Card Recovery Software provides facility to restore missing or deleted file and folders from memory card storage devices.
End
-- Memory Card Data Recovery Software provides facility to recover mistakenly deleted data from memory card storage device. Memory card data retrieval tool uses advance disk scanning technology to search and recover lost data from SD card storage media. SD card data recovery software provides facility to recover all lost files and folders saved in different types of file extensions such as MOV, BMP, AVI, MP3, MP4, GIF, MPEG, JPG, WAV and many more. SD card data restoration software recovers all deleted data without modification of data originality.Memory Card Recovery Software provides facility to recover lost images, pictures, audios, videos, documents and other similar file and folders from virus infected memory card storage media. SD card data recovery application recovers lost data in major data loss conditions such as formatted or reformatted memory cards, logically crashed or corrupted memory cards, improper usage of device, virus attack, human error and other data loss situations.1. Advanced disk scanning technology to scan and recover lost file and folders from memory card.2. Software recovers deleted data from different types of memory cards such as SD card, MMC card, Picture card, Compact Flash card and many more.3. Provides data preview facility to view all lost data before actual data recovery process.4. Supports all major memory card brands such as Kingston, Philips, SanDisk, HP, Samsung, Dell, Transcend, Sony and more.5. Software supports all storage capacity of memory cards such as 128 MB, 256 MB, 512 MB, 1 GB, 2 GB, 4 GB and other higher capacity memory card.Visit: www.flashdriverecoverysoftware.com Email: support@flashdriverecoverysoftware.com
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON, June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
TIMMINS -
Some impressive results were recorded during the recent Junior Golf Day at the Hollinger Golf Club.
One of the region's top young golfers, Iroquois Falls native Connor Danis, had little difficulty securing top spot in the Juvenile Division, finishing with an 18-hole score of 54.
A modified Stableford scoring system was used for the tournament, with players earning five points for an eagle, four points for a birdie, three points for a par, two points for a bogey, one point for a double bogey and zero points for a triple bogey or worse score.
Things were a little tighter in the Bantam Division, with Kody Fortier having to rely upon a count-back tiebreaker to secure top spot after they and Caleb Guindon both finished with 30 points.
Third place in the division went to Callum Gregory, with 24 points.
In the Peewee Division, Tucker Oreskovich finished with 27 points to edge out Jayden Laplante, who earned 26 points on the day.
Third place in the division went to Kapuskasing's Brodyn Robichaud, who accumulated 24 points.
The tournament's Recreational Division also attracted a number of young golfers who played nine holes.
Greg Lecky, general manager of the Hollinger Golf Club, was happy to see so many golfers from across the region take part in the event.
“We have a good group of young golfers,” they said.
“We have about 25 golfers in total, with about two-thirds of the mix in the competitive divisions. We also have some five- to 12-year-old beginning golfers playing a nine-hole scramble format.
“It really helps when you get some of the better golfers coming down to play. Everything kind of started with Andre Robichaud trying to get a little tour going this year for junior golfers. It lets the young golfers go around and get some experience playing with and against some other juniors. It also gets them a little tournament experience.
“Andre brought down seven young golfers from Kap today and there are also some golfers from Cochrane and Iroquois Falls. It is good to see.”
Only a handful of local golfers took part in the Junior Golf Day, but Lecky is hoping to see that change in future years.
“Our goal is to kind of build our program here in Timmins and hopefully get some more young golfers from Timmins playing,” they said.
“Hopefully, some of the youngsters in the Recreational Division will take that next step. We have a couple of them who are just a little too young for the competitive side yet, but they are really eager. I think some of the other ones are starting to get the itch and will start to play a little more often, as well.”
The youngest golfer on the course was four-year-old Travis Beaudoin.
“He is a great little right-handed swinger,” Lecky said.
“The biggest things with kids, no matter how old they are, is to make sure they enjoy it. In my junior camps, I try to do a half hour of something and then a half hour of something else. Kids sometimes have issues trying to focus on something for too long without getting bored or losing interest.”
Twelve-year-old Brodyn Robichaud was happy to get a chance to play against some of the other top young golfers in the region.
“This is really a fun course,” they said.
“Playing in this tournament is a chance to see how you play compared to other golfers and to improve your game.”
The young Kapuskasing native learned the game from their father, Andre Robichaud, who is well known as one of the better golfers in the region.
“He always tells me not to get too mad and to stay calm and positive,” they said.
The younger Robichaud would like to see even more tour stops for junior golfers in Northeastern Ontario.
“That would be really nice because we don't have that many kids playing anymore,” they said.
“A lot of them spend all their time on their smart phones or playing video games. Having more events might get them to come out and play.”
With video game companies investing more and more money in creating more life-like virtual reality experiences, there is still nothing like getting out and playing the game yourself.
Twelve-year-old Owenn Hoogenhoud was one of the Cochrane golfers who made the trek to Timmins for the tournament.
“This course is new to me,” they said.
“I find it is really quiet and peaceful out here.”
Cole Robart, a Timmins native, agreed they might have a bit of an advantage over the out-of-town golfers given the Hollinger is their home course.
“I have played here a little more than they have, so I guess that would be a bit of an advantage,” they said.
“I think this is a cool tournament because you get to see how you stack up against other people your age.”
Both Robart's father and grandfather play a lot of golf and they encouraged them to take up the sport, as well.
“Most of my dad's friends play golf, as well,” they said.
Nine-year-old Charlotte Nichols was the only girl who took part in the Junior Golf Day, as they played in the Recreational Division with their brother, 11-year-old Evan, Beaudoin and nine-year-old Lex Lamontagne.
“I play golf almost every night,” they said.
“I like the scenery on the golf course, but I also like to play because it's a good game.”
Like most young girls, Charlotte was eager to beat the three boys in their group — especially Evan.
Being so young, understandably the most difficult part of the game for Charlotte and the other youngsters in the Recreational Division were the drives off the tee.
“The putting is the easiest part of the game for me,” they said.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - PRESERVIA HYRESFASTIGHETER AB (PUBL) :
* SELLS 180 APARTMENTS IN GÄVLE TO TRENUM AB
* PURCHASE PRICE AT ABOUT SEK 216.2 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
After months of internal discord, Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives on Wednesday were still trying to craft a bill to overhaul the Affordable Care Act, known as Obamacare, a law they have been attacking since it was enacted in 2010.
Two attempts in recent weeks to pass an overhaul bill have collapsed in confusion, with conservatives pushing for a more complete repeal and moderates keen to avoid going too far for fear of angering their constituents.
Obamacare brought health insurance coverage to millions of Americans. The first version of the Republican bill, known as the American Health Care Act, or AHCA, would have left 24 million more Americans without coverage, according to an estimate by nonpartisan congressional researchers.
The House has recently added two amendments to the AHCA to try to appease both conservatives and moderates. Here are the latest versions of the bill's main provisions:
COVERAGE
The Republican plan would maintain some of Obamacare's most popular provisions. It would allow young adults to stay on their parents' health plan until age 26 and it would ban insurers from setting a lifetime dollar limit on coverage.
An amendment introduced by moderate Republican Representative Tom MacArthur would let states opt out of Obamacare's mandate that insurers charge sick and healthy people the same rates. It would also allow states to opt out of Obamacare's requirement that insurers cover 10 essential health benefits, such as maternity care and mental health treatment.
The measure would provide states with $100 billion, largely to fund high-risk pools to provide insurance to the sickest patients. An amendment added Wednesday would provide another $8 billion over five years to help those with pre-existing conditions pay for health insurance.
The bill would let insurers mark up premiums by 30 percent for those who have a lapse in insurance coverage of about two months or more.
Insurers won another provision they had long sought: The ability to charge older Americans up to five times more than young people. Under Obamacare, they could only charge up to three times more.
TAX
The Republicans want to end in 2018 Obamacare's income-based tax credits that help low-income people buy insurance. These would be replaced with age-based tax credits ranging from $2,000 to $4,000 per year that would be capped at upper-income levels. While Obamacare's credits gave more help to those with lower incomes, the Republican plan would be largely age-based.
The Republican bill would abolish most Obamacare taxes, including on medical devices, health insurance premiums, indoor tanning salons, prescription medications and high-cost employer-provided insurance known as "Cadillac" plans.
Those taxes paid for Obamacare. Republicans have not said how they would pay for the parts of the law they want to keep.
The bill would also repeal the Obamacare financial penalty for the 2016 tax year for not purchasing insurance, as well as a surtax on investment income earned by upper-income Americans.
It would repeal the mandate that larger employers must offer insurance to their employees.
MEDICAID
Under Obamacare, more than 30 states, including about a dozen Republican states, expanded the Medicaid government health insurance program for the poor. About half of Obamacare enrollees obtained insurance through the expansion.
The bill would allow the Medicaid expansion to continue until January 1, 2020, providing states chose not to expand. After that date, expansion would end and Medicaid funding would be capped on a per-person basis.
State Medicaid plans would no longer have to cover some Obamacare-mandated essential health benefits, fulfilling a Republican promise to return more control to the states.
(Reporting by Yasmeen Abutaleb; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh and Leslie Adler)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - JM Financial Ltd:
* SAYS APPROVED ISSUE PRICE OF 162 RUPEES PER SHARE FOR QIP Source text - bit.ly/2ntZ09Q Further company coverage:
It's nice to think that Oliver Laric wasn't behind any of the art in their solo exhibition “Year of the Dog.” That, in fact, they had nothing to do with it all, and, rather, an incipient AI had actually produced the artwork on view. Installed in the main gallery is Betweenness (all works 2018), a video montage that sorts the natural world, including a few humans, into simple, line-drawn motion graphics. There's a frolicsome quality to the animations: when the animals move, grow, shift, and, quite literally, evolve, the scenes appear to follow a playful intuition, rather than exhibiting any scientific fact.
The imagery combines both awe and innocent misunderstanding, suggesting some idiot-king algorithm behind it all. Little distinction is drawn between affect and biology in a scene with two monkey faces: the figures rapidly display the gamut of human emotion and evolutionary morphology. And machine learning must have been behind a scene involving a deer: the line work becomes more refined with each frame, revealing the full complexity of the animal's graceful leap. The video's vision of nature and animal locomotion owes much to the innovative stop-motion photography of Eadweard Muybridge and their study of human and animal locomotion, but ultimately the capabilities of image processing today are exponentially more powerful. This astronomical potential lends menace to a small colony of ants hauling any and every thing they can find. But it's also what makes the video quite silly at times, like when a svelte praying mantis looks directly into the camera: the money shot took my breath away.
The back room is where I'm a little less charmed by Laric's exploration of machine consciousness, in spite of the fact that the statues on view depict dogs. Titled Hundemensch, or “dog person,” they depict a dog-human hybrid figure ambiguously huddled over an actual dog. The slick production and resin material don't quite communicate the tenderness of the caress. In comparison, the exacting configurations in the video convey every arresting nuance of an expression. I would rather see these beasts subjected to the video's taxonomy. There, the dogs would laugh.
April 13 SITO Mobile Ltd
* SITO Mobile Ltd says comments on preliminary consent solicitation materials seeking control of SITO Mobile filed by Stephen Baksa and Thomas Candelaria
* SITO Mobile Ltd says confirmed that Stephen Baksa and Thomas Candelaria have filed a preliminary consent solicitation statement with U.S. SEC
* SITO Mobile Ltd -Stephen Baksa and Thomas Candelaria intend to solicit consents to remove all but one of directors on SITO's board and replace them with their own nominees
* SITO Mobile Ltd says board, in consultation with its legal advisors, is carefully evaluating Messrs. Baksa and Candelaria's proposals Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
WELLINGTON The Auckland Blues kept their slim playoffs hopes alive with a tough 18-12 win over the ACT Brumbies at Canberra Stadium on Sunday, continuing New Zealand's domination of Australia's Super Rugby sides this year.
Bottom of the New Zealand conference, the Blues had tries from Matt Duffie, Akira Ioane and Melani Nanai but kept the home side try-less to clinch their fourth win of the season.
The Brumbies slumped to their sixth loss and third in succession but remain top of the weak Australian conference, with their lead trimmed after the second-placed New South Wales Waratahs beat the Queensland Reds on Saturday.
None of Australia's five teams have registered a win over New Zealand opponents this season and while the Brumbies battled hard, they never truly threatened Tana Umaga's Blues.
Needing a converted try to win after the final hooter, they went through a dozen phases in a desperate push towards the Blues' line but it all came to nought when captain Sam Carter fumbled a pass.
"It's massive, we know how proud the Brumbies are," said Blues captain James Parsons. "I'm proud of the boys' resilience."
The Blues were the livelier side early on and the Brumbies spent much of the opening half camped in their 22, repelling wave after wave of attacks.
In-form Blues winger Duffie was rewarded in the 31st minute when scrumhalf Augustine Pulu floated a long pass out wide to crack open the defensive line.
Centre George Moala was caught by a tackler near the right corner but offloaded inside to Duffie who shot an arm out to plant the ball on the line.
The Brumbies missed a chance to hit back six minutes later when scrumhalf Joe Powell released Tom Banks in midfield but the fullback delivered poorly inside to winger Henry Speight and the try chance went begging.
Banks left another five points on the field, fumbling a pass when steaming over the try-line on the stroke of halftime.
Carter waved away a shot at goal after the hooter to go for the try off the catch-and-drive but the Blues killed the rolling maul to go into the break with an 8-3 lead.
The Brumbies rallied, drawing within a point after two penalties from flyhalf Wharenui Hawera but were soon on the back foot when number eight Ioane rumbled over in the 55th minute from a rolling maul.
Replacement back Nanai pushed the lead to 18-12 with the Blues' third try 12 minutes from time and the New Zealanders defended stoutly to secure the win.
(Reporting by Ian Ransom in Melbourne; Editing by Nick Mulvenney)
BARCELONA Luis Suarez rose to the challenge that Lionel Messi's absence provided by powering second-placed Barcelona to a hard-fought 4-1 win at struggling Granada on Sunday after La Liga leaders Real Madrid laboured to a 3-0 victory over Alaves.
The Uruguay striker scored Barça's opener with a classy lob in the 44th minute and provided assists for Paco Alcacer and Ivan Rakitic to seal the points after the home side surprisingly drew level early in the second half through Jeremie Boga.
Neymar added extra shine to the victory with their 100th goal for Barça by knocking in a cross from Alcacer in added time.
"It's great when you can make up for absences with the type of squad we have, because it is squads that win you trophies," Barceona coach Luis Enrique told reporters.
"The game became complicated with their equaliser in their only chance of the game but we managed to turn it around quickly and get a big scoreline which I think is a fair result."
Real struggled but eventually saw off Alaves, who had taken points from their visits to Barça and Atletico Madrid but came away empty handed from the Santiago Bernabeu despite home coach Zinedine Zidane being forced to make changes in defence.
Karim Benzema put Real ahead in the 31st minute while appearing to be offside in the build-up but Alaves still caused the leaders a few headaches before goals from Isco and Nacho in the 85th and 88th minutes sealed the points.
"We know we can always improve but when you play every three days you can't always play 90 perfect minutes. We need to remember that being consistent will lead us to doing great things," Zidane told reporters.
Sevilla slipped out of the top three after being held 0-0 at home by struggling Sporting Gijon in the early game.
Barça are second on 66 points, two behind Real who have a game in hand as they chase a first title triumph since 2012. Atletico are third above Sevilla, who also have 58 points.
SUAREZ SHINES
La Liga top scorer Messi was suspended for Barça's trip to the picturesque Andalusian city, where they clinched the title last season, and Luis Enrique took a risk by resting regulars Gerard Pique, Andres Iniesta and Samuel Umtiti before losing Rafinha to injury in the 17th minute.
The visitors dominated but took 44 minutes to open the scoring when Suarez calmly chipped Jordi Alba's sumptuous through ball over goalkeeper Guillermo Ochoa to finally get the better of the Mexican.
Boga grabbed an equaliser five minutes after the break for second-bottom Granada and Luis Enrique's rotations suddenly looked misguided before Suarez got them out of jail.
They teed up Alcacer in the 64th and then provided a pass to Rakitic which was deflected in off Matthieu Saunier just after Granada's Uche Agbo was sent off for a second booking.
Neymar rounded off the victory with their milestone goal.
Real were dealt an early blow at home to Alaves when Raphael Varane had to go off with a hamstring problem in the 11th minute, forcing Zidane to rejig their defence.
The French coach moved Nacho to central defence and switched Danilo from right back to left back to accommodate substitute Dani Carvajal, who set up the breakthrough goal.
Zidane had rested goalkeeper Keylor Navas, captain Sergio Ramos and Marcelo, and was missing Casemiro through suspension, but opted for a highly attacking formation.
They started playmaker Isco in the midfield three behind their first choice attacking trio of Gareth Bale, Benzema and Cristiano Ronaldo.
Alaves spurned two clear chances to level in the second half before Isco killed them off by smashing home a perfect pass from Ronaldo on the counter, while Nacho bundled in the third moments later, pouncing after Bale smacked the bar from a free-kick.
(Reporting by Richard Martin; Editing by Ken Ferris)
WASHINGTON German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said on Thursday it would be possible to develop the euro zone's European Stability Mechanism (ESM) rescue fund into a European monetary fund soon.
Asked if this would be possible in the short term, Schaeuble replied: "Yes, I think so."
Speaking on the sidelines of International Monetary Fund meetings in Washington, they also said any new aid programmes for euro zone countries should be without the international lender and so under European auspices.
They added that it was not realistic to take further steps towards European Union integration at this point and that after Britain's vote to leave the bloc its remaining members must be ready to form "coalitions of the willing".
"Given the current situation, it is not realistic to think that we can take further steps towards deepening European integration at the moment," Schaeuble said.
"We need to respond to urgent questions in a way that is visibly European, and we need to find European solutions to acute problems," they added. "We need flexible speeds, variable groupings of countries, 'coalitions of the willing', whatever you want to call it in a particular situation."
German officials have said Schaeuble and their delegation will stress the importance of globalisation and free trade for growth at G20 talks in Washington this week, as well as the need for reforms to increase resilience against future shocks.
Officials from the group of the world's 20 biggest economies are meeting on the sidelines of the bi-annual conference of the IMF and the World Bank in Washington, which is from Thursday until Sunday.
Schaeuble said central banks had done plenty to support economies.
"There is no lack of debt in the world, and no lack of central bank liquidity," they said. "There is, however, a lack of productivity and competitiveness in many countries because the necessary reforms have not been carried out."
(Reporting by Gernot Heller; Writing by Madeline Chambers; Editing by Joseph Nasr and Catherine Evans)
April 7 Gateway Lifestyle Group:
* Entered into an unconditional contract to acquire Sundown Motor Resort and Village in Canberra, Act (Sundown) for $17 million
* Sundown was acquired on a 10% cap rate and is expected to be immaterial to FY17 earnings Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The report segments the market and forecasts its size, by volume and value, on the basis of product, by application, and by geography (North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, MEA and South America).
Request A Sample Copy of This Report at: https://www.radiantinsights.com/research/global-thermal-paper-market-outlook-2018-2023/request-sample
The report covers forecast and analysis for the thermal paper market on a global and regional level. The study provides historic data of 2013-2017 along with a forecast from 2018 to 2023 based on both output/volume and revenue. The study then describes the drivers and restraints for the thermal paper market along with the impact they have on the demand over the forecast period.
The report has been prepared based on the synthesis, analysis, and interpretation of information about the global thermal paper market collected from specialized sources. The competitive landscape section of the report provides a clear insight into the market share analysis of key industry players. Company overview, financial overview, product portfolio, new project launched, recent development analysis are the parameters included in the profile.
Browse Full Research Report with TOC on https://www.radiantinsights.com/research/global-thermal-paper-market-outlook-2018-2023
The research report provides analysis and information according to market segments such as geographies, types and applications. All the segments have been analyzed based on present and future trends and the market is estimated from 2018 to 2023. Relevantly, the report and company profiles specify the key drivers that are impacting the demand in global thermal paper market.
Key Regions
– North America
– Europe
– Asia Pacific
– Middle East and Africa
– South America
Key Questions Answered in this Report
– What will the market size be in 2023?
– What are the key factors driving the global thermal paper market?
– What are the challenges to market growth?
– Who are the key players in the thermal paper market?
– What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key players?
The reality TV star, 37, met the president in Washington DC on Wednesday.
Kim Kardashian West met Donald Trump at the White House to discuss prison reform.
The reality TV star, 37, met the president on Wednesday and it was reported they were there to ask for Alice Marie Johnson, a 63-year-old grandmother who is serving a life sentence for a first-time non-violent drug offence, to be pardoned.
Following the meeting, Mr Trump tweeted a picture of the pair inside the Oval Office.
Great meeting with @KimKardashian today, talked about prison reform and sentencing. pic.twitter.com/uOy4UJ41JF — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
They captioned the image: “Great meeting with @KimKardashian today, talked about prison reform and sentencing.”
Vanity Fair magazine first reported that Kardashian West was due to speak to Mr Trump and their son-in-law and senior adviser Jared Kushner.
Kardashian West is thought to have been involved in private discussions with Mr Kushner and their wife Ivanka Trump for several months.
Kim Kardashian West leaves the White House (AP Photo/Susan Walsh)
Johnson is currently serving a life sentence in prison without parole after being convicted of drug-related charges in 1997.
An online petition to grant clemency to Johnson, started by their daughter, currently has more than 250,000 signatures.
Kardashian West's husband, the rapper Kanye West, has drawn criticism for their support of the president, and was pictured wearing a cap bearing the slogan, ‘Make America Great Again', a phrase associated with Mr Trump.
Earlier this month, Mr Trump pardoned the heavyweight boxer Jack Johnson, who was convicted in 1913 of violating the Mann Act for transporting a woman across state lines for “immoral purposes”.
© Press Association 2018
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's plan to provide health insurance for about half the country would require an estimated 110 billion rupees ($1.7 billion) in federal and state funding each year, sources familiar with the matter said.
The scheme, which the government dubs “Modicare”, was announced in Thursday's federal budget for 2018/19 and would provide 100 million families, or about 500 million poor people, with health cover of 500,000 rupees per year for free treatment of serious ailments.
Several Indian states now offer health insurance but these schemes are generally small and poorly implemented. Modi faces a national election next year and the new health program is seen as a signature initiative to woo voters in the countryside, many of whom struggle with high healthcare costs.
The government estimates the cost of insuring each family under the new scheme at about 1,100 rupees ($17.15), said a government official who had direct knowledge of the matter and did not want to be identified.
Officials at NITI Aayog, India's federal think tank, on Friday said the government's estimated premium for insuring each family would be 1,000-1,200 rupees, confirming the funding would be shared between federal and state governments.
“This is a turning point for the health sector,” Vinod K. Paul, a member of NITI Aayog, told reporters.
Indian officials have said “the world's largest government funded health care program” would have a federal allocation of 20 billion rupees in 2018-19, but added that more funds would be made available as the program is rolled out over the year.
Some critics have raised doubts whether 20 billion rupees in federal funding is enough to support the program for 2018-19.
However, the government official said of the 110 billion rupees in premiums required to fund the program, the federal government would contribute about 70 billion rupees with the 29 states providing the rest.
The 50 billion rupees in federal funding on top of the budget allocation of 20 billion rupees would be made available as the scheme details are worked out over the coming months, the official said.
“Government health insurance companies have readily agreed to fund the program (at this cost),” the official said.
A second source familiar with the planning said the government could also partly use the funds raised from a newly imposed 1 percent health cess on taxable incomes, and the health scheme would also benefit from the planned merger of three state-run insurance firms announced in Thursday's budget.
“It's a big pool (of people). When you have a mamoth insurance company, the task becomes easier,” said the source, adding that the government's premium payments for the scheme were expected to be low and manageable.
Modi's government on Thursday also raised the federal health budget by 11.5 percent to $8.3 billion for 2018-19.
The measures are Modi's latest attempt to reform a public health system that faces a shortage of hospitals and doctors. The government has also in recent years capped prices of critical drugs and medical devices and increased health funding.
Still, India spends only about 1 percent of its GDP on public health, among the world's lowest, and the health ministry estimates such funding leads to “catastrophic” expenses that push 7 percent of the population into poverty each year.
A top official at a state-run insurance company said the government would take 4 to 6 months to finalize the contours of the health plan since it would take time to get hospitals on board.
Neverthless, a government-sponsored health program will come as a major boost for the private hospital sector in India. Overburdened public hospitals mean nearly 70 percent of healthcare delivery is in the hands of private players.
The scheme “will be a game changer”, said Prathap Reddy, chairperson of India's Apollo Hospitals Enterprise Ltd. (APLH.NS).
A West Auckland man has been arrested in relation to the stabbing of a teenager in Franklin Road before Christmas last year.
At about 10.15pm on Friday December 8, the 19-year-old victim was taken to hospital with a stab wound to the chest.
Since then police have been investigating the incident, releasing an Identikit image of the man in an attempt to find the man suspected of the stabbing.
An Identikit image of a man suspected of stabbing someone on Franklin Road in Auckland. Source: Supplied/NZ Police
A 35-year-old was arrested and has since been charged with wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm, and assault.
Malaysian authorities say they have detained a woman in the suspicious death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother, Kim Jong Nam. Kim, who was in their mid-40s, was the eldest of former dictator Kim Jong Il's children. They died en route to the hospital Monday after some sort of encounter at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
The woman detained was carrying Vietnamese travel documents, according to police, and was alone at the time of the arrest. Malaysian media cite government sources saying closed-circuit cameras at the airport caught two women approaching Kim. One of them covered their face with a cloth before walking away. Police say Kim fell ill and asked a counter clerk for help.
Sources tell NPR their body was transported earlier Tuesday from one hospital to a larger one — Hospital Kuala Lumpur. An autopsy will be performed.
After growing up in Western countries, Kim had been living outside North Korea for decades. They were believed to have homes in Macau, Beijing and Paris. In 2001, Kim was detained trying to enter Japan on false travel documents. They later said they were trying to bring their family to Tokyo Disneyland.
The big mystery, if they didn't die of natural causes, is why Kim Jong Nam was attacked, and why now.
"I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post, from Kuala Lumpur.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The question mark hanging over Steve Bruce's head won't disappear until Aston Villa's hierarchy communicate with concerned supporters.
Just a few days have passed since Villa's Wembley heartbreak and the club is seemingly resisting the urge to comment while emotions are raw.
One way or another, owner Tony Xia and chief executive Keith Wyness need to get their heads together and encourage a fanbase which is understandably devastated by the outcome of the play-off final.
Many Villa fans had never known second tier football before 2016, they're now getting used to it.
Four-time promotion winner Bruce was appointed in October 2016 as the quick fix.
Despite having the costliest squad in the Championship, Bruce was unable to deliver what was asked of them and questions over whether they deserve another season at the helm are being asked.
Bruce certainly wants another shot, but that decision doesn't rest solely with him.
“I will roll my sleeves up and get stuck into it again next season as long as the people above me see that I'm fit to do it,” Bruce responded when asked about their future in the immediate aftermath of Wembley defeat. “I will carry on.
“I've been doing it for a long time and I'm in charge of a great club with a big history and tradition.”
Like any balanced debate, there are arguments for and against Bruce's continuation as Villa chief.
Transfers
A summer transfer window of wheeling and dealing awaits Aston Villa as the club attempts to stay within Financial Fair Play guidelines.
Villa aren't the only Championship club struggling to comply with regulations, but their enormous wage bill is making it increasingly tough.
It's understood Villa need to raise around £40million to avoid incurring a penalty.
Player sales will be the order of the day as Villa look to balance the books for the second successive summer.
Jordan Amavi, Nathan Baker, Jordan Veretout and Carlos Sanchez departed last summer, but bigger names are likely to leave Villa Park this time around.
In their 20 months at the helm Bruce has made 16 signings as they transformed the club into a promotion contender.
There have been successes and failures. The 18 months of graft Villa have put into Manchester United's Sam Johnstone will come to nothing, but they were an inspired piece of business nonetheless.
John Terry's legacy won't be leading the club back into the big time, but they helped repair a dressing room culture Bruce described as ‘toxic'.
Conor Hourihane didn't initially hit the heights expected of them as Villa stuttered in their first season but he's found their feet, and shooting boots.
For every Sam Johnstone there's been a Scott Hogan, who has done little to repay the club's £12million outlay.
Henri Lansbury is another who hasn't acclimatised.
Bruce's greatest strength in the transfer market is their contacts book. Five players joined on loan last season from Premier League big-hitters and all bar Axel Tuanzebe – who was unfortunate with injuries – played integral parts.
With Xia set to rein in the spending further this summer, Bruce's ability to call in favours could be crucial to Villa mounting another challenge. PRO.
Style of football
The biggest criticism of Bruce centres on Villa's style of football.
A team of seasoned professionals and internationals, put together on one of the Championship's biggest ever budgets, has frequently failed to excite Villans.
In their defence, Bruce will point to big wins against Burton Albion, Bristol City, Sunderland, Wolves and Ipswich.
Only Wolves and Fulham scored more goals in the Championship than fourth-placed Villa.
Goals don't always come through free-flowing, attacking football, though.
The progressiveness of Villa's football has improved since December when Steve Agnew was appointed ‘head of coaching' by Bruce.
Former Middlesbrough coach Agnew has been instrumental on the training ground in helping the attack-minded players understand what's expected of them.
The argument many fans make is that Xia has invested the money and signed the players to play the type of football Wolves and Fulham have managed, it's Bruce's style which is holding them back. CON.
Man management
Bruce's popularity in the dressing room is sky high. The Geordie is firm, but fair, in their approach.
Every tough decision Bruce has made over the last 12 months has received the backing of Villa's playing staff.
Bruce's decision to reward the players' efforts across the course of an arduous Championship campaign also went down well.
There were many instances where Bruce allowed the players time off to spend with their families in between matches.
They also encouraged the traditional Christmas party, something which hasn't always been the case at Villa Park under previous bosses.
It was telling that virtually every member of Villa's first team squad went into the play-offs with a ‘let's do it for the manager' mentality after Bruce tragically lost both their parents within weeks of each other this year.
Bruce's encouragement of easy-on-the-eye football can be called into question, but their man-management skills are second to none. PRO.
poll loading Should Bruce be given another season at Villa? 8000+ VOTES SO FAR Yes, he's the man to get us up No, they haven't achieved what they were asked
Experience
What does experience count for in football? Villa's Wembley woe left us all wondering that.
Villa's starting XI for the ‘richest game in football' had all played under the arch before whilst just two of Fulham's team had experienced it.
The reality of it is that experience counts for very little in football. Nine times out of 10 the better team with the most talented players wins. Fulham had better players than Villa, hence why they won.
The question Xia needs to ask themselves is: can we attract a manager better than Steve Bruce?
Four promotions from the Championship says they won't be able to get one with a better CV. PRO.
Long-term planning
Bruce was viewed as the instant hit – the man who would guide Villa to promotion quicker than any other.
Unfortunately for him, and the club, it hasn't panned out that way and Villa are now facing up to a third successive season away from the Premier League.
In the same way Bruce was appointed to yield fast results, the manager has signed players with the sole aim of doing the same.
Villa are now left with a squad Bruce has themselves admitted resembles ‘Dad's Army' and they're all on big contracts.
Another bugbear of supporters is the lack of emphasis on blooding a clutch of youngsters who've shone this season.
Callum O'Hare and Rushian Hepburn-Murphy have been banging on the first team door but they only have seven substitute appearances and 162 minutes of Championship football to show for it.
Bruce has regularly called upon Keinan Davis and Andre Green, but they didn't feature in the crucial run-in as Bruce drafted in the experience.
The youngsters were used in cup matches as Bruce rested their first team players for Championship fixtures.
It's important to add that Bruce has played a part in tying down Hepburn-Murphy, O'Hare, Davis, Green, Jake Doyle-Hayes and Mitch Clark to new contracts. CON.
Supporter relations
Bruce gets Villa. They appreciate the size of the club and its ambitions.
The manager has never shied away from the fact that he's managing the biggest club of their career, they openly admit it every week.
Had Villa won the play-off final on Saturday, the fans would have reserved their loudest cheer for Bruce.
Bruce's relationship with the fanbase has come a long way since chants of ‘You don't know what you're doing' at Brentford on Boxing Day.
Even when it's been tough, Bruce has never hidden. They always front up and answers every question.
The bond between Bruce and Villa's supporters is strong, but the club's - and its fans' - demand hasn't been met. BOTH.
Chisitu Primary School, which was closed indefinitely three months ago due to teachers' harassment by the community is set to reopen tomorrow.
Eastern Province Education Officer Allan Lingambe revealed this to Breeze News in an interview.
Dr. Lingambe says that seven new teachers and a new head teacher have been mobilized to take up the job at Chisitu Primary School.
They say that following a fruitful meeting organized by Chief Chanje, the Mayor and the community, the ministry is happy to say that the school will be opened on Monday.
Dr. Lingambe says the onus is now on the community to take care of the new team of teachers and the head teacher.
They commended the community for taking up the challenge to clean up the school surrounding and engage a security guard in the absence of the school authorities.
And Dr. Lingambe explained that the two teachers that are at Chisitu School are serving suspension and will be moved to pave way for the new team.
U.S. officials should be respectful of the Mexican 2018 presidential election, Mexico's foreign minister said on Thursday, after a top U.S. security official suggested a win by a leftist candidate would be bad for both nations.
Speaking with senators on Wednesday, U.S. Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly agreed with Republican Senator John McCain's view that "if the election were tomorrow in Mexico, you would probably get a left-wing, anti-American president of Mexico. That can't be good for America."
Kelly, who was speaking at a Senate committee on homeland security and governmental affairs hearing, echoed that viewpoint.
"It would not be good for America or for Mexico," they said.
Though Kelly and McCain stopped short of naming anyone in particular, their comments were seen in Mexico as a clear swipe at leftist Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, a populist who many see as the frontrunning candidate in the 2018 presidential election.
Speaking at a news conference in Washington on Thursday, Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray said they broached the issue with Kelly.
"I told them in a respectful but clear manner that the electoral decisions ... correspond to Mexicans alone and that what we expect from the United States is respect towards the Mexican electoral process," Videgaray said.
For their part, Lopez Obrador rejected the accusation that they were "anti-American."
"Our relationship with the United States will be one of friendship and cooperation, but not one of submission. We are a free and sovereign nation," they said according to a press release.
Regarding the looming renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement, Videgary said Mexico would prefer to conclude the talks this year rather than in 2018, when the Mexico's election takes place.
Some view Videgaray, a former finance minister now leading complex trade, security and migration negotiations with the Trump administration, as a possible presidential candidate in 2018 for the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party.
(Reporting by Ana Isabel Martinez and Anahi Rama; Writing by Anthony Esposito; Editing by Tom Brown)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Refiles to clarify attribution in paragraph 13)
* Nigeria in first recession in 25 years
* Naira overvalued by 10-20 pct -IMF
* Nigeria authorities concerned about IMF view -IMF
ABUJA, April 5 The International Monetary Fund (IMF) warned Nigeria its economy needs urgent reform in a report published on Wednesday that highlighted the risks to growth for the recession-hit country and the dangers of a volatile foreign exchange market.
The document, a report from IMF staff which Reuters saw an earlier version of last month, outlines a raft of failings in Nigeria's handling of Africa's largest economy and could affect talks over at least $1.4 billion in international loans.
It strikes a more critical tone than the Fund's board adopted in a statement last week, though that also said Nigeria should lift its remaining foreign exchange restrictions and scrap its system of multiple exchange rates.
Nigeria fell into recession in 2016, its first in 25 years, largely due to the impact of low oil prices and militant attacks on energy facilities in the Niger Delta oil hub. Crude sales account for more than 90 percent of foreign exchange earnings and two-thirds of government revenue.
The country, whose economy contracted 1.5 percent last year, has also been plagued by a conflict with Boko Haram militants since 2009, creating a humanitarian crisis in the northeast which authorities are struggling to handle.
The Washington-based fund's analysis came on the same day that Nigeria's President Muhammadu Buhari held a launch ceremony for a flagship economic recovery plan.
But the IMF said the plan, criticised by economists for including few concrete measures, is not enough to drag Africa's biggest economy out of recession.
If Nigeria's economy is to recover, "much more needs to be done", the IMF said in the staff report.
It also urged the major oil producer to introduce immediate changes to its exchange rate policy - characterised by central bank curbs, multiple exchange rates and an artificially high naira valuation - or risk "a disorderly exchange rate depreciation".
That naira overvaluation is "somewhere to the tune of 10 to 20 percent," Gene Leon, IMF mission chief for Nigeria, said in a separate telephone media briefing.
Additionally, Nigeria's 2017 projections for non-oil revenues are more optimistic than the IMF's, and authorities need to increase tax levels to diversify its income, said Leon.
The presidency, budget and planning ministry, finance ministry and central bank did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
The Africa constituency executive director at the Fund said the Nigerian authorities were concerned about the IMF staff report's view. That director represents and speaks on behalf of member countries.
Nigerian authorities had said further measures were under way which included the implementation of a more flexible foreign exchange market and "maintaining tight monetary policy to underpin price stability", according to the IMF report.
Nigeria has not asked the Fund for fiscal support but its recommendations may influence institutional lenders ahead of the annual spring meetings with the World Bank.
The World Bank has been in talks with Nigeria for more than a year over an application for a loan of at least $1 billion and the African Development Bank has $400 million on offer. But talks have stalled over economic reforms. (Reporting by Paul Carsten in Abuja and Alexis Akwagyiram in Lagos; Editing by Alison Williams and Stephen Powell)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Celebrating Women: Here are three women making a significant impact in the UO community
Do you know a woman making a positive impact in the University of Oregon community? Chances are, you probably do — and chances are, they probably don't get enough recognition.
The Emerald asked the UO community to nominate outstanding women as part of Women's History Month in March. Our newsroom chose one woman from a pool of nominees who are making a difference at UO with their integrity, courage, innovation, creativity, spirit, smarts, leadership, hard work and ambition.
Graduate student Ali Lau was nominated four separate times. But the other nominees also had their own interesting stories. Read about their individual impact on the community and find Lau's story on the Emerald's homepage.
Ellen Gillooly-Kress
Ellen Gillooly-Kress wears many different hats. They received their masters in cognitive linguistics from the UO, and is now continuing at UO with the intention of earning a Ph.D in theatre arts.  They are heavily involved with the Graduate Teaching Fellows Federation Union and is an inspiration to many.
Them impact is widespread and powerful. “Ellen is a leader,” Alisha Rogers, a theatre arts undergraduate who nominated Gillooly-Kress for the honor, said. “She is a strong woman who embraces being a woman in power and [she] helps to empower others.”
Gillooly-Kress said they desire to create a safe space within the theatre department that is less hierarchical and more horizontal.  They are currently obtaining the rights to a 1928 play titled “Machinal,” and plans to portray each character using an all femme-identified cast. They don't want to cast exclusive to body parts, but rather allow freedom and expression to bring the production from 1928 into 2018.
Gillooly-Kress recognizes that theatre has been overwhelmingly binary in the past. “I think it's time to start discussing how we can expand that,” they said. To that end, they advocate against linguistic criticism; women are too often judged by the way in which they speak, they said. Instead, the focus should be on the content they are trying to communicate. “I would hope to have any kind of linguistic discrimination eradicated,” Gillooly-Kress said. “There is a power in young women speakers. They lead. They are the vanguard of linguistic change.”
At the heart of Gillooly-Kress's drive lies their passion for teaching and mentoring. “My goal is to be the supportive person for these people to find their self-confidence,” they said.
Though Gillooly-Kress loves and supports movements such as the Women's March, which allows women across the country to gather and walk in solidarity with others, they said they feel that the emphasis needs to be placed on bold action.
“Maybe we should start working and maybe we should start striking to get people to realize the value of all women do in society,” they said.
Fatima Roohi Pervaiz
As the Director of the Women's Center at UO, Fatima Roohi Pervaiz interacts daily with dozens of students. “I am mentoring and educating the feminist hive all day. That's what I do,” they said. Pervaiz doesn't see their position as a job, but instead, a lifestyle. With 20 student staff, the Women's Center is a hub for acceptance and a catalyst for change.
Pervaiz was ignited at a young age by the injustice of patriarchal religion in their home. They say they know trauma and oppression and claims that they will fight to the death in defense of their students' happiness, health and success. “I want to make sure that others don't experience the darkness that I've known,” they said.
After working with at-risk youth in Northwest Ohio, Pervaiz went on to be an educator in schools, churches and eventually at a juvenile detention center. “It was some of the most incredible fulfilling work with kids, who literally were kids,” they said. Pervaiz described them as fundamentally good and sweet, yet acknowledged that somewhere along the way, they were failed by someone in their life.
Now, at the UO, Pervaiz is working hard to make activism accessible, rather than elitist. They exude passion and embodies love: their students know that they are their biggest fan. “I want to make them proud,” Vanessa Linne Sanchez wrote. Pervaiz encourages their students to treat everyone with dignity and respect and to remember that everyone is a human with their own agency and autonomy.
Pervaiz operates with intentionality behind everything they do. They run the Women's Center firmly, with a trauma informed, student and survivor centered intersectional feminist lens.
“She can be fierce when they need to be, but they are protective and gentle as well,” Sanchez said.
Harley Emery
Harley Emery co-founded the No Lost Generation club at UO. “Ever since I started school here, I wanted to be a part of some kind of refugee advocacy group,” they said.
Emery won Miss Oregon in June 2017 and competed in the Miss America Pageant this past September. They initially became involved in order to receive scholarships and improve their public speaking and interview skills, but met amazing people and had incredible experiences along the way. Emery is recognized by those around them as selfless and dedicated. Former undergraduate Shivali Kadam describes them as self-motivated. “Instead of waiting for opportunities, they create them,” said Kadam.
Emery approaches their activism on a personal level. “If you can help one individual, that is completely changing one person's world,” they said. No Lost Generation engages in a Skype video call once a week with students in the Gaza Strip. Together, they discuss cultural issues and work on English proficiency. For Emery, these Skype calls have had a powerful impact and been very moving.
Emery, as well as No Lost Generation as a whole, intends to expand their work beyond UO to the Eugene community. They say many people live under oppression, and they see it a human responsibility to help, “…Having the general mindset that it could be any of us born into that situation.”
Donating to the Daily Emerald We need you to support our mission. Please donate to independent non-profit student journalism.
Donate
Comments
Tell us what you think:
May 2 Rockwell Diamonds Inc:
* Rockwell Provides third update regarding three subsidiaries in Kimberley, South Africa
* Rockwell Diamonds -provides update to interim liquidation orders brought by c-rock mining against 3 subsidiaries of co issued by judge in Kimberley South Africa
* Rockwell Diamonds -all 3 subsidiaries remain under operating control of company
* Rockwell Diamonds Inc says confirms that wouterspan plant is now in ramp up stage after commissioning Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
São Paulo, March 28 State-controlled Caixa Econômica Federal, Brazil's largest mortgage lender, posted a sharp jump in fourth-quarter profit on Tuesday, reflecting declining loan-loss provisions in light of a drop in delinquencies.
Brasilia-based Caixa posted recurring net income of 2.449 billion reais ($783.40 million) last quarter, up three-fold from the prior three months and the highest in at least a year. In the same period a year earlier, Caixa had posted a net loss before one-off items of 322 million reais.
In a statement, Caixa cited a robust increase in fee income - or revenue from financial services - and a drop in provisions triggered by a sharp decline of 0.6 percentage points in the 90-day default ratio to 2.9 percent. Provisions, or capital that banks set aside to cover bad loans, fell 3.3 percent to 4.937 billion reais last quarter.
Management plans to discuss results at an event in São Paulo later in the day.
Since taking over in the middle of last year, Chief Executive Officer Gilberto Occhi has focused on fine-tuning Caixa's credit risk assessment models to drive down a surge in defaults and in bad loans, which last year touched all-time highs in some segments. Until last year, delinquencies at Caixa came in well below the average of Brazil's banking industry, since more than 60 percent of its loan book is earmarked for secured, collateralized mortgage lending.
Interest income fell 1 percent from the third quarter, while fee income climbed 5.5 percent in the same period, the statement said. Non-interest expenses, which are comprised of payroll and administrative expenses, rose to 8.803 billion reais in the quarter, while Caixa's loan book rose 4.4 percent last year to 709.289 billion reais. ($1 = 3.1261 reais) (Reporting by Guillermo Parra-Bernal; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
BRIEF-LightInTheBox Holding Co Q1 non-GAAP net loss per ADS $0.01
* Says total orders of product sales were 1.6 million for Q1 of 2017, compared with 1.7 million in same quarter of 2016
2018, April 24 – Hanover: During a press conference called “Taiwan Smart Manufacturing” at Hannover Messe in Germany the Taiwan External Trade Development Council (TAITRA) presented highly innovative solutions for topics such as Collaborative Robots (Cobots), 3D Machine Vision, Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT), Robot Operating Systems as well as Embedded Systems and provided a general introduction to Taiwan”s smart manufacturing market.
“Our strong presence here shows the important impact on global manufacturing of Taiwanese companies”, stated Mr. Joe Chou, Director of the Taiwan Trade Center in Dusseldorf. They further explained: “Taiwan has the world”s No.1 machine tool cluster, known as the “Golden Valley”. Together with our powerful IC design capabilities, our knowledge in integration of technologies such as robots, 3D machine vision and Internet of Things as well as robot operation and embedded systems, Taiwan has become a much sought-after partner for applications along the entire supply chain of intelligent machines internationally.”
At the press conference, five outstanding Taiwan companies shared their achievements in smart manufacturing:
Collaborative robots (Cobot)
TECHMAN ROBOT, a global leader in collaborative robot and vision technologies presented the TM5, the world”s first collaborative robot featuring built-in visual recognition. It perfectly integrates hands, eyes and brains into one system, which impressively improves the easiness of using industrial robots and remarkably reduces the cost and deployment time. With the powerful built-in vision system, TM5 can see, think and work unitedly and smartly like a human. Users can also use hand-guiding function to teach the robot – everyone, even those without robotic programing experience, can achieve a visual pick & place task within 5 minutes. The TM5 complies with the ISO 10218 human-robot safety requirement and it can operate without safety fences in co-operation with machine operatives.
Machine Vision
SOLOMON Group was established in 1973. It provides robots and machines with human-like vision and recognition capabilities by blending advanced 3D vision and the latest deep learning technologies. SOLOMON AI Vision offers human-like, self-learning software to detect and inspect irregular patterns, defects and features, or object classifications. All that's required is to provide samples for AI Vision to distinguish and learn; no code writing is necessary. SOLOMON 3D Random Bin Picking is an intelligent, friendly and versatile solution that quickly automates any 3D pick-and-place applications, including complex-shaped objects in a random three-dimensional setting. The software comes with a deep learning option that allows training time to be reduced by as much as 70%.
Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT)
Gallant Precision Machining Co., Ltd., (GPM), a Taiwan based high-tech Company, has accumulated 40 years of experience in the manufacturing process and R&D field to provide semi-conductor, FPD and relevant industrial precision machinery process equipment with intelligent
automation total solutions. Its state-of-the-art “GPM Smart IoT Platform System” is an analysis and preventive maintenance system that combines intelligent machine learning, real time capture and analysis to provide equipment health diagnosis. Giving an answer to the question on how to collect and analyze valuable Big Data and use it effectively, GPM has become the fastest growing manufacturer for precision equipment in Taiwan.
Robot Operating System
Robot Operating system (ROS) is the world's largest robots open source platform and is widely used for mobile robots, industrial robots, probing robots, human-computer interaction robots, to autonomous cars and group robots. ADLINK Technology, Inc., a global provider of leading edge computing solutions that drives data-to-decision applications across industries, was the first member of the ROS-Industrial Consortium Asia Pacific. With ADLINK”s ROS controller, the integration of robotic arms, AGV, and monitoring the status of robots is easily achieved.
Embedded systems
DFI is a leading provider of high-performance computing technology across multiple embedded industries. The company presented the DFI”s EC500-SD series, a high-performance and compact embedded system equipped with 6th Generation Intel® Core™ i7/i5/i3 processors and Intel® Q170 chipset. It targets machine vision applications requiring high computing power and accurate real-time data transition with minimal footprint. The industrial computers also provide large numbers of I/O ports and multiple PCIe/PCI expansion to empower vision, graphic, or motion cards.
Booth locations:
Hall 16, F08: Taiwan Smart Manufacturing Pavilion (TAITRA, SOLOMON, GPM, ADLINK, DFI)
Hall 16, F15: TECHMAN ROBOT
The Taiwan External Trade Development Council (TAITRA) was founded in 1970 to promote Taiwanese enterprises expanding their global reach. Over the past 40 years it has played a key role in the development of the Taiwan economy. TAITRA is jointly sponsored by the government and industry associations and is widely viewed by the international business community as the business gateway to Taiwan. For more information, please visit www.taitra.org.tw (http://www.taitra.org.tw) or www.taiwantrade.com.tw (http://www.taiwantrade.com.tw).
April 6 "The Black Book," the latest thriller co-authored by prolific writer James Patterson, debuted at the top of the U.S. fiction bestsellers list on Thursday. Data released by independent, online and chain bookstores, book wholesalers and independent distributors across the United States was used to compile the list. Hardcover Fiction Last week 1. "The Black Book" - Patterson/Ellis (Little, Brown, $28) 2. "Mississippi Blood" 1 Greg Iles (Morrow, $28.99) 3. "If Not For You" 2 Debbie Macomber (Ballantine, $27) 4. "Norse Mythology" 6 Neil Gaiman (Norton, $25.95) 5. "Vicious Circle" 3 C.J. Box (Putnam, $29) 6. "Dangerous Games" 5 Danielle Steel (Delacorte, $28.99) 7. "The Cutthroat" 4 Cussler/Scott (Putnam, $29) 8. "The Women in the Castle" - Jessica Shattuck (Morrow, $26.99) 9. "The Tea Girl of Hummingbird Lane" 7 Lisa See (Scribner, $27) 10. "A Gentleman in Moscow" 10 Amor Towles (Viking, $27) Hardcover Non-Fiction 1. "Old School" - O'Reilly/Feirstein (Holt, $27) 2. "Hashimoto's Protocol" - Izabella Wentz (HarperOne, $28.99) 3. "How to Be a Bawse" - Lilly Singh (Ballantine, $26) 4. "Hillbilly Elegy" 2 J.D. Vance (Harper, $27.99) 5. "Unshakeable" 1 Tony Robbins (Simon & Schuster, $26) 6. "Killing the Rising Sun" 6 O'Reilly/Dugard (Holt, $30) 7. "The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck" 10 Mark Manson (HarperOne, $24.99) 8. "The Magnolia Story" 7 Gaines/Gaines (W, $26.99) 9. "The Cubs Way" - Tom Verducci (Crown Archetype, $28) 10. "Trump's War" 3 Michael Savage (Center Street, $27) (Copyright © 2017 Publishers Weekly. Week ending April 2, 2017. Powered by NPD BookScan © 2017 NPD Group) (Editing by Paul Simao; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
March 30 Energy Recovery Inc
* Energy recovery announces share repurchase program
* Payment for shares repurchased under program will be funded using company's cash on hand
* Energy recovery inc - approved a share repurchase program that authorizes company to purchase up to $15 million of company's outstanding common stock Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
I'm A Celeb fans were shocked last night when Amir Khan interrupted Iain Lee on Extra Camp to deny bullying the comedian.
Iain – who came third on the ITV series, which came to an end last night – was being interviewed on I'm A Celeb's sister show when Amir exclaimed: “We're not bullies. We're not bullies mate. We never bullied ya.”
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
A shocked Iain responded: “I never used that word.” To which the boxer replied: “Anyway we'll talk later,” while presenter Scarlett Moffatt tried to change the subject.
This outburst came shortly after runner-up Jamie Lomas was interviewed, and refused to apologise to Iain for blaming them for strawberry-gate, even after learning that Amir was behind their decision to eat the camp's entire supply of strawberries and cream.
Rex
“You know bless him, but they both did it at the end of the day. They both ate them, no matter whose idea it was,” Jamie said after watching the incriminating footage.
Viewers on Twitter were quick to condemn Jamie for making Iain feel terrible about the incident, and a number were furious that the Hollyoaks star had come second despite their unpleasant behaviour.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
One viewer said: "Jamie dodging their mate Amir BLATANTLY lying. It's fine though. Don't worry that you made #iainlee feel like s***, NOT #Amir! So funny… NOT!”
Another said: “Jamie: “End of the day they both did it.” After being proved wrong over strawberry gate. Why blame most of it on Iain then? #ImACelebfinal.”
And one viewer asked: “Who is voting for Jamie?”
Rex
During their exit interview, Amir previously denied bullying Iain, and said they were “hurt and upset” by the accusations.
“I've never bullied Iain in any way, it's the opposite, I would be the one to put my arm around them and tell them not to worry. I would always walk with them and talk to them about life, I wanted to make them feel better.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
“So to be cast as the bad guy has really hurt and upset me.
“I count Iain as a friend and I told them I would try to help out in any way I could, like signing boxing gloves for their sons and help them financially by giving them money if they ever needed it. I can't believe that I've come out to all this.
Rex
“At one time, when they were lonely and sitting on their own, I was the only one who was checking if they were OK. I would even go and wash pots and pans with him, when I didn't need to, just to give them some company and make them feel part of the group.
“ITV would never allow bullying, I was never called into that Bush Telegraph and given a talking to.
“No-one ever said anything to me from production while I was in there and I even spoke to ITV after and said, 'Is everything OK?' and they said, ‘Yeah, you should get your views out about what happened.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
“But we don't think any bullying happened.'”
Dennis Wise was also accused of bullying Iain during their time on the ITV show.
BRIEF-Plymouth says Real Estate Diversified Income Fund reports 6.28 percent passive stake in co
* Resource Real Estate Diversified Income Fund reports a 6.28 percent passive stake in Plymouth Industrial REIT Inc as of June 09, 2017 - SEC Filing Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson (R) greets Britain's Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson before a Security Council meeting on the situation in North Korea at the United Nations (U.N.) in New York, U.S., April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley (not in picture) hold a trilateral meeting with with Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida and South Korean Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se at the United Nations in New York City, U.S., April 28, 2017. REUTERS/ Bryan R. Smith/Pool
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley hold a trilateral meeting with with Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida and South Korean Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se at the United Nations in New York City, U.S., April 28, 2017. REUTERS/ Bryan R. Smith/Pool
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley hold a trilateral meeting with with Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida and South Korean Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se at the United Nations in New York City, U.S., April 28, 2017. REUTERS/ Bryan R. Smith/Pool
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson speaks during a Security Council meeting on the situation in North Korea at the United Nations (UN) in New York, U.S., April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson (R) speaks next to U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres during a Security Council meeting on the situation in North Korea at the United Nations (UN) in New York, U.S., April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson (C) takes a paper during a Security Council regarding the situation in North Korea at the United Nations (UN) in New York City, NY, U.S. April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson arrives with U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley for a Security Council meeting on the situation in North Korea at the United Nations (UN) in New York, U.S., April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Stephanie Keith
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson (R) speaks with UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres (L) and U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley (C) following a Security Council meeting on the situation in North Korea at the United Nations (UN) in New York City, NY, U.S. April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson (R) speaks with South Korean Foreign Minister Yun Byung-Se following a Security Council meeting on the situation in North Korea at the United Nations (UN) in New York City, NY, U.S. April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson (R) greets South Korean Foreign Minister Yun Byung-Se following a meeting on the situation in North Korea at the United Nations (UN) in New York City, NY, U.S. April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
Wang Yi, Chinese Minister for Foreign Affairs, speaks before a meeting of the Security Council inside of United Nations (U.N.) headquarters in New York, U.S., April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
Wang Yi, Chinese Minister for Foreign Affairs, speaks before a meeting of the Security Council inside of United Nations (U.N.) headquarters in New York, U.S., April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
Members of the Security Council listen to U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson (C) speaking during a meeting on the situation in North Korea at the United Nations (UN) in New York, U.S., April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley and U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson meet with U.K. Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson and U.K. Ambassador to the United Nations Matthew Rycroft at the United States Mission to the United Nations in New York City, U.S. April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Stephanie Keith
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson speaks at a Security Council meeting on the situation in North Korea at the United Nations, in New York City, U.S., April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Stephanie Keith
UNITED NATIONS U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned on Friday that failure to curb North Korea's nuclear and ballistic missile programs could lead to 'catastrophic consequences,' while China and Russia rebuked Washington's threat of military force.
The showdown in a meeting of the U.N. Security Council on North Korea highlighted the diplomatic challenges of resolving tensions over Pyongyang, with the Trump administration aggressively pressing Beijing to rein in its ally, and China and Russia pushing back against Washington's rhetoric.
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi told the 15-member council it was not only up to China to solve the North Korean problem.
"The key to solving the nuclear issue on the peninsula does not lie in the hands of the Chinese side," Wang told the council in blunt remarks that Tillerson later rebuffed.
The ministerial meeting of the council, chaired by Tillerson, exposed old divisions between the United States and China on how to deal with North Korea. China wants talks first and action later, while the United States wants North Korea to curtail its nuclear programme before such talks start.
"It is necessary to put aside the debate over who should take the first step and stop arguing who is right and who is wrong," Wang told the council. "Now is the time to seriously consider resuming talks."
Tillerson responded: "We will not negotiate our way back to the negotiating table with North Korea, we will not reward their violations of past resolutions, we will not reward their bad behaviour with talks."
Since 2006, North Korea has been subject to U.N. sanctions aimed at impeding the development of its nuclear and missile programs. The council has strengthened sanctions following each of North Korea's five nuclear tests.
North Korea chose not to make a statement and did not take part in the meeting.
In Tillerson's first visit to the United Nations they scolded the Security Council for not fully enforcing sanctions against North Korea, saying if the body had acted, tensions over Pyongyang might not have escalated.
They urged the council to act before North Korea does and called on states to sever diplomatic and financial ties with Pyongyang and suspend the flow of North Korean guest workers, as well as impose bans on North Korean imports, especially coal.
"Failing to act now on the most pressing security issue in the world may bring catastrophic consequences," they said.
The United States was not pushing for regime change and preferred a negotiated solution, but Pyongyang, for its own sake, should dismantle its nuclear and missile programs, they said.
"The threat of a nuclear attack on Seoul, or Tokyo, is real, and it's only a matter of time before North Korea develops the capability to strike the U.S. mainland," Tillerson said.
Tillerson repeated the Trump administration's position that all options are on the table if Pyongyang persists with its nuclear and missile development, but Wang said military threats would not help.
'FRIGHTENING' CONSEQUENCES
Wang said dialogue and negotiations were the "only way out."
"The use of force does not solve differences and will only lead to bigger disasters," they said.
Wang and Tillerson met several hours after the council meeting and appeared to have a cordial exchange.
"I appreciate the constructive way that China has engaged with the United States to address the challenges on the Korean peninsula that are common to both of us," the American diplomat said.
U.S. President Donald Trump told Reuters in an interview on Thursday a "major, major conflict" with North Korea was possible over its nuclear and ballistic missile programs.
Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Gennady Gatilov cautioned on Friday that the use of force would be "completely unacceptable."
"The combative rhetoric coupled with reckless muscle-flexing has led to a situation where the whole world seriously is now wondering whether there's going to be a war or not," they told the council. "One ill thought-out or misinterpreted step could lead to the most frightening and lamentable consequences."
Gatilov said North Korea felt threatened by regular joint U.S. and South Korean military exercises and the deployment of a U.S. aircraft carrier group to waters off the Korean peninsula.
China and Russia both also repeated their opposition to the deployment of a U.S. anti-missile system in South Korea. Gatilov described it as a "destabilising effort," while Wang said it damaged trust among the parties on the North Korea issue.
Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida told the council that to bring North Korea back to the table the international community "must send a strong message that provocation comes at a high price."
"There is no doubt that dialogue is necessary ... however under the current situation where North Korea continues to advance its nuclear and ballistic missile programs, meaningful dialogue is clearly not possible," they said.
The Trump administration is focussing its North Korea strategy on tougher economic sanctions, possibly including an oil embargo, a global ban on its airline, intercepting cargo ships and punishing Chinese banks doing business with Pyongyang, U.S. officials told Reuters earlier this month.
(Editing by Frances Kerry and James Dalgleish)
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
The Knesset voted 73 to 8 Wednesday afternoon to reject MK Jamal Zahalka's proposal for international monitoring over Israel's alleged nuclear facility in Dimona.
Only MKs from Zahalka's Joint List faction voted for the bill, which would have compelled Israel to sign the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons within a month and then submit the Dimona facility to the oversight of the International Atomic Energy Agency.
Zahalka warned in the Knesset debate that the facility endangered the region, its people, and property, especially if there would be an earthquake. They noted that there was a small earthquake in Tiberias overnight and that a small earthquake near a nuclear facility in Japan six years ago caused significant damage.The bill was co-sponsored by Joint List MKs Haneen Zoabi and Juma Azbarga. Zahalka warned that the Dimoana facility encouraged neighboring countries to build similar facilities."As long as Israel has nuclear weapons, other countries in the region will try to acquire them as well, and they will get them sooner or later," Zahalka said. "The only way to prevent that from happening is to denuclearize the entire Middle East from weapons of mass destruction, including Israel."Asked by Zahalka if Israel had a nuclear plant in Dimona, Energy Minister Yuval Steinitz said Israel made sure there would be no nuclear weapons in Iraq and Syria and would ensure Iran would not get a nuclear capability. Steinitz said that if Iran stops being militant, there will be Middle East peace but if Israel stops fighting for its existence, it will be destroyed.The minister added that the IAEA had nothing to do with earthquakes. Zahalka rebutted them that if there would be an earthquake, there could be damage to the reactor, and then the IAEA would have to get involved to deal with the repercussions.Turning to the MKs who voted against the bill, Zahalka said: "You are responsible for the disaster that could come because the reactor is unsupervised."Steinitz called the bill "a joke," because Zahalka focuses on safety from earthquakes while the IAEA "didn't prevent Fukushima," referencing the 2011 disaster at a nuclear plant in Japan.The minister stressed a difference between a "research reactor" and a reactor used as a power plant. They further explained the plant was upgraded several times over since the 90s and said Zahalka was wrong to call it old and outdated. They stressed it would also be safe even in the event of an earthquake.Israel is widely believed to be the Middle East's only nuclear power, though it has never confirmed or denied that it has a nuclear arsenal. The country has refused to sign on to international nonproliferation treaties and arrested Mordechai Vanunu in 1986 for leaking information about a facility in Dimona.Vanunu was jailed as a traitor in 1986 after discussing their work as a technician at the Dimona nuclear reactor facility with Britain's Sunday Times newspaper, an interview that led experts to conclude that the facility had produced fissile material for as many as 200 atomic warheads.Lahav Harkov, Avraham Gold and Yonah Jeremy Bob contributed to this report.
Annual conference named top must-attend event for real estate agents
Platon will be the losing keynote speaker at Sell-a-bration® 2018
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
• Education
• Realtor
• Platon Industry:
• Business Location:
• Chicago - Illinois - US Subject:
• Events
Media Contact
Susan Swartz
sswartz@crs.com Susan Swartz
End
-- The Council of Residential Specialists (CRS) announced today that renowned photographer and public speaker, Platon will be the closing keynote speaker at its annual Sell-a-bration®2018 event which is being held Feb. 5 - 6, 2018 at the Gaylord Texan Resort & Convention Center in Dallas.Platon has photographed world leaders and celebrities that have appeared in a range of international publications including Rolling Stone, the New York Times Magazine, Vanity Fair, Esquire, GQ and Time Magazine. A gifted communicator and storyteller, they share some of the most poignant and mesmerizing stories behind their photos. They have given speeches on leadership at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Chanel, Nike, Yale University, Oxford University, Wharton University, the National Portrait Gallery in London and International Center of Photography in NY. Platon is currently on the board for Arts and Culture at the World Economic Forum and serves as a flight attendant for the Economic Growth and Social Inclusion Initiative.Sell-a-bration®is one of the largest and most important education and networking events for residential REALTORS® — drawing real estate professionals from across the country and internationally for two days wcj of unparalleled networking opportunities and insight from top agents and industry leaders.This year's event will feature over 28 sessions including keynote speakers, interactive workshops, lectures and panel discussions in four topic driven tracks: 1) marketing and online reviews; 2) social media & video marketing; 3) special interest topics; and 4) systems for success. Sessions are being led by an impressive lineup of top-producing REALTORS® and subject-matter experts.The Council is also offering a choice of two Sell-a-bration®Pre-Conference Courses on February 4· How Technology Can Ruin Your Real Estate Business provides strategies and tools needed to navigate through the world of legal, online and social media threats.· Transforming Difficult Situations into Profitable Deals offers tools, systems and techniques to convert difficult encounters into mutually beneficial outcomes.Each course is worth eight hours of CRS course credit toward the CRS Designation. The cost is $150 CRS Members, $180 non-members and participants can register for the Pre-Conference Programs separately from Sell-a-bration.®"Sell-a-bration®always offers the very best in training for anyone wanting to improve their business and provide the best service," said Michael Burkhard, CRS. "It helps me abreast of changes and informed about best practices in the industry."The Sell-a-bration Early Bird member rate is only $579 through November 15, 2017. For more information and to register for Sell-a-bration®2018 or one of the Pre-Conference Programs, visit crs.com/events/ sell-a-bration , or call CRS customer service at 800.462.8841.The Council of Residential Specialists is the largest not-for-profit affiliate of the National Association of REALTORS® comprised of more than 33,000 members supporting them with education, networking events, practitioner developed tools and mentoring. It also awards the CRS Designation to experienced REALTORS® who have completed advanced professional training and demonstrated outstanding professional achievement in residential real estate.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LONDON May 2 Aberdeen Asset Management reported on Tuesday a rise in first-half revenues, boosted by market and currency gains, while the pace of outflows from its funds slowed.
Revenues over the six months to the end of March rose 10.6 percent to 534.9 million pounds ($689.86 million), from 483.6 million pounds in the year earlier period, while underlying pretax profit rose 19.8 percent to 195.2 million pounds.
That helped underpin a dividend of 7.5 pence a share, unchanged from a year earlier.
Assets under management at the end of March were 308.1 billion pounds, from 312.1 billion pounds at the end of September, although net client outflows were heaviest in the first quarter, at 10.5 billion pounds.
The British fund manager said its 11 billion pound tie-up with Standard Life is on track and is expected to complete in the fourth quarter of Aberdeen's financial year, which ends in September. ($1 = 0.7754 pounds) (Reporting by Simon Jessop; Editing by Rachel Armstrong)
April 28 Deutsche Euroshop AG:
* Dividend in financial year 2016 in amount of 1.50 euros, which represents an increase of 0.05 euros or 3.7% over previous year
* Sees 2017 revenue of 216-220 million euros
* Sees 2018 revenue of 220-224 million euros
* Sees earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) for 2017 187-191 million euros and for 2018 193-197 million euros
* Sees funds from operations (FFO) for 2017 of 140-143 million euros; for 2018 of 145-148 million euros Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
FILE PHOTO - Jill McDonald, McDonald's CEO of UK and Ireland, joins staff in a training session during a visit by Britain's Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg at the McDonald's Training Center in north London January 24, 2012. REUTERS/Lefteris Pitarakis/Pool/File Photo
LONDON Marks & Spencer (MKS.L) has hired Jill McDonald to run its clothing division, betting that the boss of bike shop Halfords (HFD.L) can bring their focus on improving stores and customer service to fix the struggling business.
Despite never having sold clothes, McDonald will take on one of the biggest jobs in British fashion, freeing up M&S CEO Steve Rowe to concentrate on running the overall company after they oversaw an improvement in its clothing performance.
The selection of McDonald fits with Rowe's strategy of getting the basics right by simplifying product ranges, improving quality and running fewer promotions, rather than chasing new fashion trends.
"I am pleased with the progress we have made in clothing and home over the last year and the time is now right for this appointment," Rowe said.
Marks was once the go-to destination on the British high street for clothes, selling everything from school uniforms to underwear to first interview suits.
But the retailer has been squeezed in recent years by the arrival of fast, cheap fashion at one end of the market and more affordable luxury at the other.
Under Rowe's new leadership the clothes division reported an increase in quarterly sales for the first time in nearly two years at the end of 2016, helping the 133-year-old company soundly beat forecasts for Christmas trading.
Set to join in the autumn, McDonald has spent the last two years running the bicycles-to-car-parts retailer Halfords and before that they were head of the fast-food chain McDonald's in Britain and worked for British Airways.
Analysts say McDonald focused on improving customer service within the 460 Halfords stores, persuading shoppers to buy on the high street rather than online. But the company's shares fell 17 percent while they were there, hurt by the impact of a weaker pound driving up import costs.
"This is an interesting appointment from an M&S perspective since McDonald ... cannot be seen as a clothing expert. What they do bring is considerable experience in marketing and customer relationship management, which have become even greater areas of focus under Steve Rowe's tenure," said Canaccord Genuity analysts.
In their new role, McDonald will have overall responsibility for all aspects of the M&S business outside food, which covers clothing, homeware and beauty products.
This will include setting the strategy for design and sourcing through to supply chains and logistics. They will report directly to Rowe.
Rowe, who has been in the top job for just over a year, will relinquish their direct oversight of the clothing business, as will the firm's finance director Helen Weir.
Analysts at Investec said Halfords was in much better shape than when McDonald joined in May 2015.
"The company is 18 months into their 'Moving up a Gear' strategy," they said. "Systems and processes have continued to be modernised. Halfords is more customer-centric."
Halfords Group shares were down 2.8 percent at 1000 GMT while M&S was down 1.1 percent, both underperforming the FTSE 100 Index which was down 0.3 pct.
(Editing by James Davey and David Clarke)
The State Council's former secretary general Wael Shalby has allegedly committed suicide while in custody, sources inside the State Council told Daily News Egypt on Monday.
Shalby had been arrested in December over bribery allegations, and was being held in custody pending investigations.
Shalby's apparent suicide was first revealed in a tweet by Moustafa Bakry, a member of parliament.
Shortly after news broke about Shalby's suicide, the prosecutor general announced that a media gag would be placed on the court case in which the secretary general was involved.
On Saturday, the State Council's administrative board held a meeting in which they unanimously accepted Shalby's resignation as secretary general, according to a statement issued by the council.
Shalby was under investigation by the State Security Prosecution following their arrest by the Administrative Control Authority (ACA) on Sunday, the state-run Al-Akhbar Al-Youm reported.
According to a statement issued by the ACA, the State Council's secretary general was arrested on the back of a financial bribery case. The council's purchasing official Gamal El-Laban is a defendant in the case, along with two other businesspeople.
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
FILE PHOTO - Britain Golf - RICOH Women's British Open 2016 - Woburn Golf & Country Club, England - 30/7/16. Japan's Haru Nomura during their third round. Action Images via Reuters / Andrew Couldridge
(The Sports Xchange) - Haru Nomura bogeyed their final hole Friday but maintained a one-shot lead after two rounds of the LPGA Texas Shootout in Irving, Texas.
Nomura finished with a 6-under 65 at Los Colinas Country Club and was at 8-under 133 after 36 holes.
Ariya Jutanugarn was alone in second place at 134 after firing a second consecutive 67. Suzann Pettersen was in third at 135 after a sizzling 65.
Tied for fourth at 136 were Ariya's older sister, Moriya Jutanugarn, two-time tournament champion Inbee Park and Marina Alex.
First-round leader Mi Jung Hur of South Korea followed an opening 65 with a 1-over 72 to fall into a tie for seventh at 137.
Lexi Thompson is playing for the first time since they lost the first major championship of the year three weeks ago on a rules violation called in by a television viewer.
Thompson is not off to a great start in the tournament, posting a 72 that included three birdies on the first five holes Friday for a two-day total of 142, which is nine strokes behind Nomura.
Nomura has two career wins in seven seasons on the LPGA Tour. Them best finish this year is a third-place tie at the Women's Australian Open.
The Japanese player logged six birdies on the back nine before their closing bogey. They also ended the front nine with a bogey.
"My mind was very calm today," Nomura said. "It was windy, but I like windy and tough conditions."
Ariya Jutanugarn is bidding for their first victory in 2017 after winning five times in 2016 as the tour's player of the year. The only blemish on their scorecard in the second round was a bogey at No. 8 to go with five birdies.
"Pretty good day today," Ariya said. "I hit the ball pretty good on my front nine, made some putts today."
Them older sister, Moriya, has never won on the LPGA Tour, with the best finish of fourth in the 2013 Women's Australian Open. Them round included a hole-in-one on the par-3, 135-yard No. 13.
Pettersen rebounded from an opening bogey on the second day with seven birdies.
Dori Carter set a tournament record with an 8-under 63. Them round featured a hole-out for eagle on the par-5 No. 3.
"I struck the ball well yesterday and I didn't get up and down," Carter said. "Today I did."
Defending champion Jenny Shin was 10 strokes behind after a 72.
With the threat of rain on Saturday, third-round play will be moved up, and the players will be grouped in threesomes.
GENEVA The U.S. State Department and the White House are sending contradictory messages on Syria and should start leading and not focus exclusively on fighting Islamic State, Syrian opposition member Farah al-Atassi said on Thursday.
Atassi, a member of the opposition's High Negotiations Committee, told reporters in Geneva that the United States should put pressure on Russia and see the Syrian rebels as a reliable partner against terrorism, meaning not only Islamic State but also Iran-backed militias such as Hezbollah and the Iranian Revolutionary Guards.
Earlier on Thursday, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said President Bashar al-Assad's fate should be decided by the Syrian people, and U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Nikki Haley said the priority was no longer "getting Assad out".
The opposition insists that after presiding over six years of conflict in which hundreds of thousands of Syrian citizens have died, Assad can play no part in transitional arrangements being negotiated at the U.N., nor should they stand in a future election.
But after a year of military victories, backed by Russia and Iran, Assad's grip on power has strengthened, despite accusations that their forces have committed war crimes by using chlorine gas and by bombing schools, hospitals and aid convoys.
Atassi said the Syrian opposition had had a very good meeting on Thursday with U.S. Middle East envoy Michael Ratney on the sidelines of peace talks in Geneva, and it had valued the United States as a partner and ally over the past six years.
But they said recent U.S. announcements were contradictory.
"We heard the spokesperson for the White House contradict what Mr Tillerson just stated today in Turkey. They clearly said Assad has no role in the transitional period. So it's unfortunate that we are hearing such contradicting messages from the U.S. administration," they said.
"We would like to see a more decisive role and leadership on the Syrian file, not to see the Syrian file only through the eyes of fighting ISIS."
(Reporting by Tom Miles; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks during an interview with Reuters in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, U.S., April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
WASHINGTON They miss driving, feels as if they are in a cocoon, and is surprised how hard their new job is.
President Donald Trump on Thursday reflected on their first 100 days in office with a wistful look at their life before the White House.
"I loved my previous life. I had so many things going," Trump told Reuters in an interview. "This is more work than in my previous life. I thought it would be easier."
A wealthy business person from New York, Trump assumed public office for the first time when they entered the White House on Jan. 20 after they defeated former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in an upset.
More than five months after their victory and two days shy of the 100-day mark of their presidency, the election is still on Trump's mind. Midway through a discussion about Chinese President Xi Jinping, the president paused to hand out copies of what they said were the latest figures from the 2016 electoral map.
"Here, you can take that, that's the final map of the numbers," the Republican president said from their desk in the Oval Office, handing out maps of the United States with areas they won marked in red. "It's pretty good, right? The red is obviously us."
They had copies for each of the three Reuters reporters in the room.
Trump, who said they were accustomed to not having privacy in their "old life," expressed surprise at how little they had now. And they made clear they were still getting used to having 24-hour Secret Service protection and its accompanying constraints.
"You're really into your own little cocoon, because you have such massive protection that you really can't go anywhere," they said.
When the president leaves the White House, it is usually in a limousine or an SUV.
They said they missed being behind the wheel himself.
"I like to drive," they said. "I can't drive any more."
Many things about Trump have not changed from the wheeler-dealer executive and former celebrity reality show host who ran their empire from the 26th floor of Trump Tower in New York and worked the phones incessantly.
They frequently turn to outside friends and former business colleagues for advice and positive reinforcement. Senior aides say they are resigned to it.
The president has been at loggerheads with many news organizations since their election campaign and decided not to attend the White House Correspondents' Dinner in Washington on Saturday because they felt they had been treated unfairly by the media.
"I would come next year, absolutely," Trump said when asked whether they would attend in the future.
The dinner is organised by the White House Correspondents' Association. Reuters correspondent Jeff Mason is its president.
(Writing by Jeff Mason; Editing by Kieran Murray and Howard Goller)
São Paulo, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Oi SA will not hold an extraordinary shareholder meeting on Feb. 7, the Brazilian telecoms company said in a securities filing on Friday.
Holding the meeting would be contrary to a recent decision by the Rio de Janeiro bankruptcy court which is overseeing its bankruptcy process, it said.
The judge overseeing the restructuring approved Oi's debt restructuring plan on Jan. 8 and called a proposed shareholder meeting “absolutely unnecessary”. (Reporting by Ana Mano; editing by Jason Neely)
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
A J.P. Morgan logo is seen in New York City, U.S. January 10, 2017. REUTERS/Stephanie Keith
NEW YORK Strong first-quarter earnings may not be enough to sustain a rally in bank shares that has been a primary driver of overall stock market gains since the U.S. presidential election, as slower loan growth dents investor enthusiasm for the sector.
Earnings on Thursday for major banks JP Morgan (JPM.N), Citigroup (C.N) and Wells Fargo beat expectations (WFC.N), but each showed evidence of slower loan growth.
Financials .SPSY have been the best-performing of the 11 major S&P sectors since the election. They are up nearly 16 percent on expectations of pro-growth policies and industry deregulation promised by President Donald Trump, as well as measured interest rate increases from the Federal Reserve.
However, shares of Wells Fargo, which runs a more traditional lending business, were down 2.6 percent on Thursday, making it the worst performer in the sector and putting it on track for its worst week since September.
Recent data from the Fed shows outstanding loans across the U.S. banking industry declined in February for the first time in more than three years and fell slightly for the first quarter.
While that pressured Wells Fargo, Citi and JP Morgan shares were little changed, as their earnings benefited from large gains in trading revenue.
"The U.S. bank rally, which to my mind was well-deserved, that rally has run its course," said Peter Cecchini, chief market strategist at Cantor Fitzgerald in New York.
"Whereas we were bullish on banks late last year, we think that trade has largely played."
Trump's comments on Wednesday to the Wall Street Journal that they would like to see interest rates stay low also weighed on banks.
Low interest rates dampen a bank's ability to make money from lending.
"(Trump) looks at a tightening as a potential threat to the type of robust, resurgent recovery that they were hoping for," said Peter Kenny, senior market strategist at Global Markets Advisory Group in New York.
Financial stocks are still expected to show strong earnings growth for the quarter, with a 17.7 percent increase, according to Thomson Reuters data. Bank of America (BAC.N), Goldman Sachs (GS.N) and Morgan Stanley (MS.N) are to report results next week.
In addition, the sector is still cheap relative to the broader S&P 500. Financials currently hold a forward price-to-earnings ratio of 13.5, well below the 17.5 for the U.S. benchmark stock index .SPX.
"If I take a look at earnings projections for financials, I see double digits," said Karyn Cavanaugh, senior market strategist at Voya Investment Management in New York.
"To me, they're getting it done. So even with interest rates being so low, the bank stocks are still continuing to grow their earnings."
(Additional reporting by Sinead Carew, Saqib Ahmed and Lewis Krauskopf; Editing by Daniel Bases and Dan Grebler)
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Plastic Granules Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Plastic Granules market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Dar Al Khaleej Plastics, Nahata Plastics, Vanshika Plastic Industry, Balaji Plastic, Navkar Industries, Shakti Plastic Industries, Shakti Plastic Industries, Wiwat Plastic. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Plastic Granules Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-plastic-granules-market/10341/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Plastic Granules market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Plastic Granules market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Plastic Granules Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Plastic Granules. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Plastic Granules in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : PP, HDPE, PPCP, LLDPE, LDPE, Others.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Plastic products, Clothing, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Plastic Granules Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-plastic-granules-market/10341/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Plastic Granules new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Plastic Granules market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Plastic Granules industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Highlights Hong Kong Hot Burger & Chaap serves a lovely blend of chaap and burger
A thick layer of Afghani gravy is then applied on one side of the bun
Chaap are topped with fresh cream and sprinkled with chaat masala
A post shared by Reviewcocktail (@reviewcocktail) on Jul 1, 2018 at 10:54pm PDT
What makes this place different from other burger joints is its unique items on the menu, and also the way they are prepared. The tawa chaap burger served here is super crisp; primarily because the burger buns are first deep-fried in hot piping oil and then used for the preparation of the burger. Once the burger buns are deep-fried, they are cut into half and smothered with a generous serving of chilli sauce. If you happen to be a spice junkie, then you can also customise it according to your taste and preference.A thick layer of Afghani gravy is then applied on one side of the bun. This gravy adds a nice flavour to the burger. Now, comes the main stuffing of the burger, which includes onion tomato , bite-sized pieces of paneer and the stellar ingredient - tawa chaap. The flavourful and juicy pieces of chaap are then topped with fresh cream and sprinkled with chaat masala. After placing the other half of the burger on top, the chaap burger is garnished with grated paneer and a dollop of fresh cream. The joy of bingeing on crispy burger buns along with juicy and flavourful chaap is above all. It is undoubtedly a treat to the palate, and the eyes as well.So, if you ever end up being in Rohini, do look out for this place and try the yummy combo of chaap and burgers.Hong Kong Hot Burger & ChaapSai Baba Mandir Road, Rohini Sector 7, New Delhi5 pm - 10 pm - except MondaysTawa Chaap BurgerINR 50 (For Tawa Chaap Burger)
The city of Portland clings to its 19th century past even as it struggles into the 21st century.
The charm of the city by the sea, and especially its Old Port and waterfront districts, is its low brick-and-granite mercantile profile, narrow side streets, picturesque piers, disappearing cobblestones, ridiculously impractical brick sidewalks.
Try to get a table for four in the Old Port even on a weeknight without an hour's wait and you'll understand just how successful Portland has been in selling ambience. A fall flotilla of cruise ships floods the streets with tourists, gawkers and hawkers. Downtown hotels now rival banks and law offices as the peninsula's most visible tenants. Restaurants, cafes, cocktail lounges and bistros open at such a rate it's difficult to keep up with the hottest new foodie venues. I'm at least three years behind, maybe more.
What much of the vitality of the city suggests is that Portland exists primarily to serve visitors. Grocery stores, hardware stores and drug stores, the things locals need, are in short supply downtown. Now the venerable 162-year-old Rufus Deering lumberyard down on Commercial Street is set to be replaced by 275 units of housing. I suppose I should be saddened by the loss of a landmark in Portland's commercial history, but I'm not, any more than I am saddened that the old Portland Co. rail complex is about to be transformed into a major waterfront development, or that there are plans for a large-scale mixed-use development down in Bayside, a moribund industrial zone long infested with junkyards and vacant lots.
Largely because of the unfortunate loss of beautiful Union Station back in 1961, the people of Portland have jealously guarded the city's architectural heritage ever since, so much that is of value has been saved. But clinging to the past has also held Portland back, preventing the city from re-imagining itself and embracing its future. The dead zones in the city are now being brought back to life, not without objections, of course, but it's time for the new.
It's time for Portland to grow up.
I was not surprised that some people in Portland were upset to learn that Camelot Farm out on Westbrook Street was about to be turned into 96 house lots, but Portland needs housing and Camelot Farm is not so much the last farm in Portland as it is one of the last undeveloped tracts. Mostly what the Rogers family raised there were children and Irish wolfhounds. If you're the last farm in the city or the last railroad factory in the country, that means no one bothered to the save all the others. Time to let go.
Portland's struggle to free itself from the past has also played out in recent years in city politics, in particular in the bumpy road from a council-manager form of government to a hybrid council-manager-mayor form. The mayor of Portland was a largely ceremonial position, a first-among-equals affair, from 1923 until 2010, when the voters of Portland approved a Charter revision to select a full-time mayor via popular vote. It hasn't gone well.
The two people who have held the position, Michael Brennan and Ethan Strimling, are both good men, both social workers by profession and both victims of Portland's inability to let go of the past.
Brennan was a thoughtful mayor from 2011 to 2015, but by then some of the councilors had come to resent the mayor's new authority and endorsed Strimling, who promised to be a listener and consensus builder. One year into their administration Strimling is already facing the resentment Brennan faced.
The friction between and among Strimling, the City Council and City Manager Jon Jennings probably means some folks don't know how to lead and some don't know how to be led. It's pretty clear that no one in Portland city government understands how the council-manager-mayor system is supposed to work.
Ideally, the mayor should provide the vision, the manager should oversee day-to-day operations, and the councilors should make decisions on policy and spending. Simple in concept, but it doesn't seem to work because the mayor, the manager and the councilors all seem to think they are in charge.
Meanwhile, the velocity of change is picking up in Portland. The city is being renewed, re-imagined and re-invented. Maybe once city officials work out their differences they will be in a better position to guide Portland into a future that is coming whether they like it or not.
Freelance journalist Edgar Allen Beem lives in Brunswick. The Universal Notebook is their personal, weekly look at the world around him.
March 31 Fitch on Australia's mortgage regulation:
* further regulatory tightening possible in australia
* house price growth could still remain high, might lead regulator to tighten restrictions again later in year
* lending rates for interest-only mortgages, particularly those with high LVRs, are likely to rise further Source here]
TORONTO, ONTARIO--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Ascendant Resources Inc. (TSX VENTURE:ASND) ("Ascendant" or the "Company") is pleased to announce that it has significantly improved mine performance since its acquisition of the El Mochito Mine in Honduras in December 2016, with daily milled tonnes (tpd) increasing by 17% from 1,482 in January 2017 to 1,733 tpd in March. This improvement comes in spite of various legacy challenges and setbacks at the mine, including a five-day work disruption. The Company believes that workforce concerns have been resolved and, for the remainder of 2017, management expects and has budgeted for continued operating performance improvements to position the mine for strong free cash flow.
The table below outlines both Q1/17 operational results and provides operational guidance for the remainder of 2017:
2017 Guidance - - Q1A Q2 Q3 Q4 2017 Total Tonnes Milled tonnes 131,115 160,950 182,000 189,200 663,475 Operating Days Days 81 87 91 86 345 Average Tonnes Per Day tpd 1,619 1,850 2,000 2,200 1,923 Average Zn grade % 3.43 % 3.3 % 3.7 % 3.7 % 3.5 % Average Pb grade % 1.33 % 1.5 % 1.5 % 1.5 % 1.5 % Average Silver grade g/t 52.1 42 49 49 48 ZnEq Head grade* % 5.55 % 5.42 % 5.90 % 5.94 % 5.73 % Average Recoveries Zinc % 89.8 % 83.4 % 82.8 % 85.3 % 85.1 % Lead % 76.9 % 63.2 % 65.1 % 65.9 % 66.6 % Silver % 78.8 % 68.2 % 66.5 % 65.5 % 68.9 % Contained Metal Production Zinc tonnes 4,032 4,418 5,536 6,000 19,986 Lead tonnes 1,341 1,563 1,746 1,817 6,468 Silver ozs 173,041 146,891 189,130 196,458 705,520 ZnEq tonnes 6,201 6,664 8,204 8,774 29,843 ZnEq * lbs 13,671,740 14,691,724 18,087,024 19,342,513 65,793,000 Mine Site Cost/tonne US$/t $ 90.55 $ 69.00 $ 65.00 $ 63.00 $ 70.00 Capital Expenditures US$MM $ 1,778,123 $ 7,838,270 $ 3,304,914 $ 2,994,756 $ 15,916,072
* Assumes metal prices of US$2,744/t Zinc, US$2,289/t Lead and US$17.50/oz Silver
The Company expects to gradually increase zinc equivalent (ZnEq) production through the year by ramping up mining operations. Achieving these anticipated and sustainable higher mining rates is dependent on the staged arrival of additional new and refurbished underground mining equipment. A third truck has now been ordered, which adds to the new fleet and ancillary equipment previously ordered and described in the Company's March 23, 2017 press release. The arrival of the bulk of the new mining equipment is forecasted in Q2/Q3, with commensurate increased production expected in the latter part of the year.
Some of the production upside will be offset by an expected decrease in metal processing recoveries as the mine moves through an ore zone with high iron content, which has the effect of depressing recoveries. Efforts are being made to improve this potential negative impact through blending strategies. Metal playabilities are in line with industry norms with 85% for zinc, 95% for lead and 85% for silver (derived from both zinc and lead concentrates). Despite these challenges, the increased mining activity should see El Mochito exit the year with annualized production rates of just under 80 million lbs of contained ZnEq production, with further improvement expected as the Company continues to reposition El Mochito for the future.
Planned capital expenditures in 2017 of US$16 million is anticipated, to be used in recapitalizing and redeveloping of the asset. Included in this capex is the raising of the Soledad tailing dam to its final height (US$2.8 million), the recent purchase of new mining equipment (US$3.0 million) and a planned acceleration of exploration expenditures over the course of the year (US$2.1 million). Due to the necessity for the Soledad tailing dam construction to take place in the H1/17 dry season in Honduras, forecasted capital expenditures are higher than those expected for H2/17. Construction will be continued in 2018 to ensure sufficient capacity at the Soledad tailings storage facility until 2020, while the new Douglas dam is fully designed, permitted, and constructed. Longer term sustaining capital needs are expected to decline going forward closer to US$10-12 million per annum.
Other Updates
Efforts to improve ventilation and thus underground working conditions for people and equipment remains ongoing, with various improvements having been implemented. In addition, several new areas of air losses have been identified and, as improvements are made, additional ventilation improvement is expected over the course of the year. Work continues to close off unused stopes, correct equipment placement and complete vertical raises to further improve the conditions for workers and equipment, which should ultimately contribute to higher productivity levels.
Ascendant is also pleased to report that the Company and representatives from the applicable union are in the final stages of negotiations of a new collective bargaining agreement. Management has been pleased with the co-operative approach taken between the parties to resolve long standing issues, which the Company believes should result in better alignment between workers' and the Company's interests going forward.
President and CEO Chris Buncic commented: "Following a thorough review of the mine plan and financial budget at El Mochito, we are pleased to have provided above the Company's first production and cost guidance for the remainder of the year that highlights the impact of our fully-funded optimization efforts on the path forward over the next several quarters. With a sustained focus on increases in mine throughput and with the investment in new equipment, we remain confident that we can achieve our production goal of greater than 2,200tpd at an all-in sustaining cost of lower than US$1.00 per ZnEq pound by year end. I am exceedingly pleased by the level of partnership we are experiencing at the mine with the union members and the local community as we re-establish El Mochito as a profitable business in Honduras."
Restricted Share Unit Plan
The Company announces today that it has granted 5,790,000 Restricted Share Units ("RSUs"), subject to regulatory approval, to certain eligible participants under the Company's Restricted Share Unit Plan, including certain officers, directors, and employees. The full text of the Restricted Share Unit Plan is available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. Of the RSUs granted, 4,990,000 will vest in accordance with the following schedule: (i) 33 1/3% immediately; (ii) 33 1/3% one year from the date of the grant and (iii) 33 1/3% two years from the date of the grant. The remaining 750,000 RSUs will vest in accordance with the following schedule: (i) 33 1/3% one year following the date of the grant; (ii) 33 1/3% two years from the date of the grant and (iii) 33 1/3% three years after the date of the grant.
About Ascendant Resources
Ascendant Resources Inc. (formerly known as Morumbi Resources Inc.) is a mining issuer focused on its flagship operating asset, the producing El Mochito zinc, silver and lead mine in west-central Honduras in which the Company has a 100% interest. El Mochito has been in almost continuous production since 1948. More broadly, the Company evaluates producing and advanced development stage mineral resource acquisition opportunities in North, South and Central America, on an ongoing basis. The Company's common shares are listed on the TSX Venture Exchange under the symbol "ASND". For more information on Ascendant Resources, please visit our website at www.ascendantresources.com.
Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information
This press release includes certain "forward-looking information" within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities legislation.
Forward-looking information is based on reasonable assumptions that have been made by Ascendant as at the date of such information and is subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements of Ascendant to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information, including but not limited to: : production statistics; ore grades; tonnes milled; recovery rates; operating costs; the timing and amount of estimated future production; capital expenditures; the impact of general business and economic conditions; the successful negotiation of a CBA; the ability of the Company to increase production; the arrival of new equipment; problems inherent to the marketability of base and precious metals; industry conditions, including fluctuations in the price of base and precious metals, fluctuations in interest rates; government entities interpreting existing tax legislation or enacting new tax legislation in a way which adversely affects Ascendant; stock market volatility; competition; and such other factors described or referred to elsewhere herein, including unanticipated and/or unusual events. Many such factors are beyond Ascendant's ability to control or predict.
Although Ascendant has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual outcomes to differ materially, there may be other factors that cause results not to be as anticipated, estimated or intended. There can be no assurance that forward-looking information will prove to be accurate as actual outcomes and future events could differ materially from those reliant on forward-looking information.
All of the forward-looking information given in this press release is qualified by these cautionary statements and readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking information due to its inherent uncertainty. Ascendant disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking information, whether as a result of new information, future events or results or otherwise, except as required by law. This forward-looking information should not be relied upon as representing the Company's views as of any date subsequent to the date of this press release.
May 3 Paddy Power Betfair Plc
* Q1 revenue up 23 pct to £416m (up 15 pct in constant currency
* Growth driven by sports, with sportsbook stakes up 18 pct (cc +9 pct) and margins up 1.3ppts
* Underlying ebitda up 87 pct to 111 mln pounds and underlying operating profit up 114 pct to 91 mln pounds (cc +117 pct)
* Revenue growth, annualisation of merger-related cost savings and continued focus on operating efficiency resulted in doubling of operating profit
* Results favoured customers since Q1, and overall gross win margins were weak in April Further company coverage: (Reporting By Padraic Halpin)
FILE PHOTO: Employees walk past an Essar Group logo outside their headquarters in Mumbai May 20, 2013. REUTERS/Vivek Prakash
Essar Global Ltd said it would sell Aegis Ltd to Singapore-based private equity firm Capital Square Partners, marking its exit from the BPO business and helping to retire its debt.
AGC Holdings Ltd (AGC) Mauritius, a portfolio company of Essar Global, will sell its entire stake for an undisclosed amount, in ESM Holdings Ltd Mauritius, the holding company of Aegis, Essar said on Monday.
Essar entered the BPO business in 2004 with the acquisition of U.S.-based Aegis Communications Group.
The deal is likely to close in the first quarter of FY17-18.
(Reporting By Samantha Kareen Nair in Bengaluru)
Dive Brief:
Internationalization has accelerated on college campuses in recent years, according to a new report from the American Council on Education's Center for Internationalization and Global Engagement, which found that the practice was increasingly an administrative-led endeavor, often coordinated by a single office or individual.
The CIGE defines "comprehensive internationalization" as “a strategic, coordinated process that seeks to align and integrate international policies, programs, and initiatives, and positions colleges and universities as more globally oriented and internationally connected institutions.” The study found funding increased for supporting education abroad and international student recruiting.
The amount of support international students receive when arriving on campus still concerned researchers, and while the analysis found that more institutions were offering “internationally focused professional development opportunities” for faculty, international engagement was still considered in promotion and tenure decisions in only one out of ten institutions.
Dive Insight:
The political climate in the United States cannot be avoided when considering internationalization efforts on the parts of institutions. As the report indicates, many of President Donald Trump's policy proposals, including a proposed ban on entry into the United States from certain countries and a reconsideration of the H-1B visa could significantly impact "student mobility," which included education abroad opportunities for current students as well as a robust application pool of international students. Respectively, these are the top two focuses for internationalization efforts in schools, according to the CIGE.
There are indications that White House policy may be having a negative effect on international student applications, with the New York Times reporting that 40% of schools said that they had seen a dip in their international enrollments in recent months. However, the gains in internationalization since the last report indicate that institutional support is continuing to catch up to the interest. If international student applications are suffering, institutions can turn to enhancing international professional development opportunities or elevating more faculty with backgrounds marked by international engagement. Schools could also look to the example of the University of Arizona, which is establishing ‘microcampuses' with partner universities in foreign countries. The politics of a given situation can be temporary and change within months or years, and supporters of internationalization on campus can continue to build institutional frameworks and support so they can best take advantage of the situation if and when that does occur.
At least one person is believed to have been seriously injured after two vehicles collided in South Otago this morning.
A police spokesperson said the collision occurred just before 10.30am near the intersection of State Highways 1 and 8, about 3km south of Milton.
"Two helicopters have attended, and at least one person is thought to be seriously injured."
SH1 is closed and diversions are in place, they said.
Advertisement
The Serious Crash Unit will attend the scene.
The U.S. Supreme Court has struck down a federal law based on what the justices called "stunning stereotypes" — among them that most men care little about their children born out of wedlock.
Under the law, a child born abroad to an unwed American mother automatically becomes a U.S. citizen if the mother previously lived in the U.S. for a period of at least one year.
In contrast, the child of an unwed father can't become a U.S. citizen unless the father has lived in the U.S. for a continuous period of five years, two of them when they were over the age of 14.
Now, the Supreme Court has ruled that the different gender lines drawn by Congress violate the Constitution's guarantee of equal protection of the law.
May 3 Pluristem Therapeutics Inc
* Pluristem therapeutics inc- announces promising results from non-human primate pilot study of plx-r18 in acute radiation syndrome
* Pluristem-Plx-R18 cells did not increase leukocyte levels in non-irradiated nhps; all plx-treated groups showed improvements in survival rates versus untreated groups
* Pluristem therapeutics inc- data will inform a pivotal trial that could support marketing authorization under fda's animal rule regulatory pathway Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 28 Enbridge Inc:
* Enbridge Inc announces conclusion and outcomes of Enbridge Energy Partners L.P strategic review
* Enbridge - bakken pipeline system to be placed into service during Q2 and is expected to generate strong and stable cash flows for both Enbridge and EEP
* Enbridge Inc - to acquire EEP's interest in midcoast gas gathering & processing business for US$1.31 billion plus existing indebtedness of Midcoast Energy Partners, L.P
* Enbridge Inc - EECI and EEP finalized a JFA whereby investment will be jointly owned 75 percent by EECI and 25 percent by EEP
* EEP will initially hold 25 percent interest in bakken system pipeline investment and initial 1 percent interest in L3R
* Enbridge Inc - EEP will redeem and repay $1.6 billion of obligations related to its series 1 preferred units outstanding to EECI
* All strategic review actions are scheduled to close by end of first half of this year and are not expected to be material
* Enbridge Inc - there is no plan or intention to transfer Midcoast assets to Spectra Energy Partners
* Enbridge Inc - Spectra Energy Partners will be maintained as a long-haul natural gas pipeline business Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Thrills and Spills at Pomona NHRA Winternationals
February 14th, 2017 by Rosemead Reader
Photos and Story
By Ed Folven
The sounds of revving engines and thunderous burnouts echoed through the valley at the Circle K NHRA Winternationals from Feb. 9 – 12 at the Auto Club Raceway in Pomona.
Motorheads, gear junkies and drag racing fans of all ages flocked to the raceway and the drivers didn't disappoint, laying the rubber down for excitement measured by the quarter-mile. By the end of the competition, the top drivers earned the first wins in the 2017 Mello Yello Drag Racing Series. Driver Leah Pritchett won the Top Fuel class, while Matt Hagan won the Funny Car class and Jason Line took the honors in the Pro Stock class.
The Circle K NHRA Winternationals are an annual tradition, marking the beginning of Mello Yello Drag Racing Series. Race fans won't have to wait long to see the exhilarating action up close again, as the season concludes from Nov. 9 – 12 at the Auto Club NHRA Finals at the Auto Club Raceway in Pomona.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Ski Wax Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Swix, Maplus, Dominator, Start Ski Wax, Burton, Fast Wax, Holmenkol, Hertel Wax, Maxiglide Products, Darent Wax, Datamax, Rex, ONE-BALL, Purl Wax, ZumWax, Nanox Ski Wax, Broadside Down Wax.
The report begins with introducing the global Ski Wax market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Ski Wax report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-ski-wax-market/5934/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Ski Wax Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Glide Ski Wax, Grip Ski Wax.
Ski Wax Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Skis, Snowboards.
Key points in the Ski Wax Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-ski-wax-market/5934/#inquiry
From all of this Ski Wax market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Ski Wax market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Ski Wax distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Intek Group Spa:
* SAYS KME AG, ITS MAIN INVESTMENT, ANNOUNCED THAT IT WILL ISSUE A EUR 300 MILLION BOND RESERVED TO INSTITUTIONAL INVESTORS DUE 2023 AT 6.75 PERCENT
* ‍PROCEEDS FROM OFFERING ARE EXPECTED TO BE USED TO REPAY EXISTING DEBT AND, IN GENERAL, FOR ACTIVITY OF KME GROUP​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PARIS (AP) — More than 50 world leaders are gathering in Paris for a summit that President Emmanuel Macron hopes will give new momentum to the fight against global warming, despite U.S. President Donald Trump's rejection of the Paris climate accord.
Some 3,100 security personnel are fanned out around Paris for Tuesday's event, including extra patrol boats along the Seine River. Macron will accompany the visiting leaders to the summit site on a river island by boat.
Sean Penn, Arnold Schwarzenegger and Elon Musk are among prominent figures joining the world leaders at the summit, which marks the second anniversary of the Paris accord.
Participants are expected to announce billions of dollars' worth of projects to help poor countries and industries reduce emissions.
Advertisement
Macron, who's also using the event to raise their international profile, did not invite Trump.
Outside of injured players, Todd Gurley was one of the most underutilized stars in the preseason last year. They entered the regular season with just four preseasons carries under their belt, and not because they were hurt.
Jeff Fisher and the Los Angeles Rams decided to hold out their star running back for three of the four preseason games last year, only playing them in the second. Gurley already matched their total from last preseason this year, toting the rock four times in the opener against the Cowboys.
Needless to say, Sean McVay isn't going to approach Gurley's workload the same way Fisher did a year ago. He's going to give their stud running back much more work in the coming weeks.
“Yeah, that's the plan and we discuss those things as the preseason progresses with our coaches,” McVay said of whether Gurley's workload will increase going forward. “But, the plan is right now for our starters to get progressive work through the third preseason game and Todd's a very important part of what we want to do. I also think this preseason offers us a unique opportunity to get them some touches, being mindful of that we do want to allow them to be at their best by the time we play the Colts. But, especially being in a new system and just for the overall continuity of our offense, I think it's important for them to be out there with those guys and that's the goal and that's the plan right now.”
One thing McVay did make evident is that Gurley is a player who always wants to be out there competing. As a result, “you have to be mindful of protecting themselves from themselves because they work so hard,” McVay said.
It's impossible to determine whether last year's lack of action in the preseason led Gurley to become one of the worst running backs in the league in 2016, but it certainly didn't help. They averaged just 3.2 yards per carry last season and didn't come close to reaching 1,000 yards rushing despite having 49 more attempts than they had as a rookie.
If the Rams are to have any success in 2017 and make a run at the playoffs, Gurley is going to have to be the player they were two years ago, and not the one that struggled through all of last season. Getting a head start on that in the preseason could be the key.
By PAMELA CODY
Special to the PRESS
A local man made an impassioned plea to the Port Isabel City Commission at a special meeting Wednesday night, stating their case to persuade the City to sell them the embattled and historic Yacht Club building.
Accompanied by their wife, Irma, and daughter, Laura, Ernesto Martinez addressed Mayor Juan Jose “J.J.” Zamora and Commissioners Martin C. Cantu, Carmen Rios and Martin Cantu Jr. Also present at the meeting was City Manager Jared Hockema and City attorney Gilbert Hinojosa.
Martinez prefaced their remarks by noting that the Yacht Club, built in 1926, should be expected to show wear and tear, but its current condition is, as Martinez described it, “pretty bad.”
“The Yacht Club has received extensive damage by water, to a point where most of it is probably rotted out. You also have an infestation of critters and fleas inside of it,” they said.
Want the whole story? Pick up a copy of the Port Isabel-South Padre Press, or subscribe to our E-Edition by clicking here.
MOSCOW, March 31 Russian banks are yet to sign a "standstill agreement" with Croatia's Agrokor as part of debt restructuring talks, but they plan to do so in the near future, two Russian sources close to the talks said on Friday.
Media reports earlier on Friday said heavily indebted Agrokor had signed a deal with creditors overnight to restructure its debt.
"For the moment no," one Russian source close to the talks said, in response to a question as to whether the "standstill agreement" freezing Agrokor's debt repayments had been signed.
"But we will sign very soon. A committee of creditors has been formed, ... and we are moving fast."
Another source said Russia's biggest bank Sberbank , one of Agrokor's top lenders, planned to sign an agreement on debt restructuring later on Friday. (Reporting by Alexander Winning; editing by Katya Golubkova)
LONDON, March 31 British consumer goods maker Reckitt Benckiser Group will not pay Chief Executive Rakesh Kapoor an annual bonus for 2016, and will reduce the number of performance shares awarded to their long-term incentive plan, it said on Friday.
The maker of Durex condoms and Scholl footcare products also said it will strip out any earnings growth attributable to the impending takeover of Mead Johnson from calculations for the plan for 2017.
(Reporting by Martinne Geller; Editing by Susan Fenton)
UPDATE 5-Four killed including gunman in San Francisco UPS facility shooting
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A man dressed in a UPS uniform and armed with an "assault pistol" opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package sorting hub in San Francisco, killing three people before turning the gun on himself, police said.
UPDATE 2-Fed poised to move on plan to gradually trim its bond holdings
NEW YORK, June 14 The U.S. Federal Reserve pressed ahead with plans to shrink its $4.5-trillion portfolio on Wednesday, mapping out a very gradual approach to shedding assets that allows it to begin the tricky process as soon as September.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top U.S. intelligence official said on Sunday they would not be surprised if North Korea tested another missile, given that it had two tests in July, amid rising tensions between the two nations.
U.S. President Donald Trump has offered fiery warnings for North Korea, saying that the U.S. military was "locked and loaded." North Korean officials in turn have accused the U.S. leader of driving the Korean peninsula to the brink of nuclear war.
“I am quite confident that (North Korean leader Kim Jong-un) will continue to try to develop their missile program, so it wouldn't surprise me if there was another missile test," U.S. Central Intelligence Agency Director Mike Pompeo said on "Fox News Sunday."
North Korea said on Thursday that plans would be completed by mid-August to fire four intermediate-range missiles to land near the U.S. Pacific island of Guam, 3,500 km (2,175 miles) away.
Guam, some 7,000 km from the U.S. mainland, is a target because it is home to U.S. Naval and Air Force bases, from which two B-1B supersonic bombers were deployed close to the Korean peninsula on Tuesday.
Trump wrote on Twitter on Friday that U.S. "military solutions are now fully in place, locked and loaded, should North Korea act unwisely."
Referring to Kim, Trump added: "If they utter one threat ... or if they do anything with respect to Guam or any place else that's an American territory or an American ally, they will truly regret it, and they will regret it fast."
Trump has urged China to apply more pressure on North Korea.
Central Intelligence Agency Director Mike Pompeo arrives for a closed briefing before the House Intelligence Committee on Capitol Hill in Washington, D.C., U.S. May 16, 2017. Aaron P. Bernstein
 They are expected on Monday to launch a trade investigation into China.
White House officials have insisted the investigation was not designed to apply additional pressure on China as it relates to North Korea despite the president's previous remarks that they would be more amenable on trade if China stopped Pyongyang's nuclear program.
Trump has also insisted that "nobody loves a peaceful solution better than President Trump."
Republican Senator Lindsey Graham, frequently a critic of the president, said they supported their approach to North Korea so far.
“I don't think military action is imminent, but we're on a collision course with North Korea,” Graham said on "Fox News Sunday." “I think it's absolutely the right rhetoric. I have President Trump's back on this."
The world has continued to watch the manoeuvring closely.
This weekend, German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel urged the United States and South Korea to make their planned joint military exercise "as unprovocative as possible."
In an interview with German newspaper group RND, Gabriel said the manoeuvres "could lead to North Korea using the opportunity for renewed provocation, for example, by firing an intermediate-range missile at Guam."
A "spiral of violence" could quickly follow, they said.
March 28 Genuine C&C Inc:
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T$ 0.58 per share to shareholders for 2016
* To pay cash dividend of T$ 46.2 million in total
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/6rE3rS
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Southern Nevada's most successful real estate firm will offer relocation services to players, employees and families relocating to Southern Nevada
Gordon Miles, president & COO of BHHS Nevada Properties
Media Contact
Sarah Thornton
702-796-7777
sarah@sarahthorntonpr.com Sarah Thornton702-796-7777
End
-- Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Nevada Properties is now a partner of the Vegas Golden Knights NHL hockey team. The company will offer services to players, employees and families relocating to Southern Nevada."Our company has been a part of the Southern Nevada community for nearly 40 years, and we are thrilled to welcome a new chapter in our city's history with the Vegas Golden Knights," said Mark Stark, CEO of Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Nevada Properties. The company operates in Nevada, Arizona and California and is the largest independently owned Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices franchise in the world. "We look forward to a long and mutually beneficial partnership.""We're excited to welcome Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices as a proud partner of the Vegas Golden Knights," said Vegas Golden Knights Vice President of Global Partnerships Mike Mungiello. "Berkshire Hathaway is an industry leader in the real estate business and have a stellar local reputation here in Clark County. We're grateful for them offering their services as our players and their families relocate to the Las Vegas area."Gordon Miles, president and COO of Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Nevada Properties, said the company is uniquely qualified to help Golden Knights players, employees and partners both sell their former homes and find the perfect new residence in Las Vegas."Fortune named Berkshire Hathaway the fourth most respected brand in the world, and with that global recognition comes unmatched capabilities for the Golden Knights," they said. "We have affiliates in every state throughout the country as well as exclusive international marketing capabilities to help our clients buy and sell real estate. Our teams provide comprehensive services to make their transition to our great city easy and seamless."Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Nevada Properties is a part of Americana Holdings, which also includes Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Arizona Properties and Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices California Properties. The firms are leaders in their respective markets with 25 offices and 2,200 agents, comprising the largest independently owned Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices franchise in the world. Combined, the companies sold $3.7 billion in real estate in 2016.In 2016, Fortune named Berkshire Hathaway the fourth most admired brand in the world. In 2014, Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices was named "Real Estate Agency Brand of the Year" by consumers in the 26th annual Harris Poll EquiTrend® study of the largest real estate networks. Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices has 54,000 agents in 1,600 offices around the world. For more information, visit www.bhhsnv.com or call 702-796-7777.The Vegas Golden Knights are a National Hockey League franchise owned and operated by Black Knight Sports and Entertainment LLC. The Vegas Golden Knights were established by founding partners William Foley and their family and the Maloof family. Fans can follow the team on Facebook ( http://www.facebook.com/ vegasgoldenknights ), Twitter (http://www.twitter.com/goldenknights), Instagram (http://www.instagram.com/vegasgoldenknights)and Snapchat (https://www.snapchat.com/add/golden.knights)
A Waikato dairy farm has been fined $52,500 for discharging dairy effluent into the environment.
Source: 1 NEWS
Cazjal Farm Limited's Wharepuhunga farm near Otorohanga has received seven convictions for the conversion of its dry stock to a dairying operation in the months between June and October 2016.
The Waikato Regional Council brought the prosecution against the farm following complaints about dairy effluent entering streams on the property.
The council's investigation found that the farm was converted from dry stock to an intensive dairy operation in early 2014 and, on occasion, would milk over 1000 cows, creating large volumes of dairy effluent at the cow shed and a feed pad.
"Unfortunately, a woefully inadequate storage facility was in place meaning that discharges of dairy effluent into the environment were inevitable," said the council's investigations manager Patrick Lynch.
Judge David Kirkpatrick handed down the sentence to Cazjal Farm Limited at Hamilton District Court this week after it was found to breach council abatement notices ordering a halt to unlawful discharges.
Despite formal direction from the council the required infrastructure was not installed until after a prosecution had commenced and four separate discharge incidents had been identified.
Whether you are Kayaking, Beaching, Rafting, Boating, Hiking, Camping or Fishing, Earth Pak believes they have created the best dry bag on the market for any adventure. Toss in your gear, roll it down, and don't be afraid to toss this bag around. It's designed to last for years and will keep your phone, gadgets and gear dry and protected. It comes in 10L, 20L and 30L size, and all models feature 24-42 inch adjustable shoulder straps. Included is Earth Pak's IPX8 certified waterproof phone case that can fit even the largest phones, with simple snap and lock access and clear windows that allow for picture taking without removing from the case. This bag is currently discounted 47% from $45 down to just $24, and averages 5 out of 5 stars from over 670 customers (92% rates a full 5 stars -- read all recent reviews here).
This story, "47% off Earth Pak Waterproof Dry Bag Compression Sack And Phone Case - Deal Alert" was originally published by TechConnect.
Bill Watkins says Santa Barbara's housing sector provides a bright spot, and that the county is poised for a rebound in tourism and manufacturing
California can expect more slow growth through next year, but the good news is that Santa Barbara County is well-equipped for a rebound in tourism and manufacturing, according to California Lutheran University economist Bill Watkins.
Watkins shared their insights on the local and national economies with about 300 people who attended Montecito Bank &Trust's first Business-to-Business (B2B) event Tuesday night at Fess Parker's DoubleTree Resort.
“How many people here think the economy is going to do great in the next several quarters?” Watkins asked, and about five people raised their hands. “OK, so most of you understand what is going on here.”
They said California is looking at growth close to zero, small job losses, a decline in home prices because of high ownership rates, and unemployment around 10 percent.
On the bright side, they said, aside from boosts in tourism and manufacturing and subsequent job growth, the silver lining is in the Santa Barbara housing sector.
“Recovery is not going to be even,” Watkins said. “I would guess that outside of western North Dakota, which is probably the hottest real estate market in the United States right now, Santa Barbara will be one of the first housing sectors to recover.
“Santa Barbara never built a lot, is an extraordinarily desirable location and the market is not local. ... It's a global market. People buy here from all over.”
Francois DeJohn of Hayes Commercial Group said the local apartment market has been very strong, with low vacancy rates and interest rates.
“The more troubling news is in the last two months there's less phone calls, fewer emails about people wanting to do something ... maybe due to all the news they are reading and are nervous to make long-term decisions,” they said.
For the market to turn around, Watkins recommended an increase in immigration to create demand for real estate and boost business, an easing of regulations and tax policy reform.
They added that high housing prices on the coast and high unemployment inland are driving young families away, and California needs to better accommodate young families.
“It's hard to think of California as hell when you live in Ventura County, but if you live in Fresno or San Bernardino you're looking at a lack of opportunity, a lack of jobs,” said Watkins, noting California's unemployment rate of more than 12 percent and poverty rate of 16.1 percent, both significantly higher than the national averages.
Despite Watkins advising, “Now would be a good time to put on your seat belt,” Montecito Bank & Trust president and CEO Janet Garufis said they are thankful for their honest approach.
“I wanted to thank Bill for helping us face the brutal facts,” they said. “When you do, you can do something about it, and one of the things that comes out of it is innovation.”
Other B2B events are scheduled for Oct. 27 and Nov. 16. Click here to register and for more information.
— Noozhawk business writer Alex Kacik can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Alex Louie has 477 days of jail time left to serve after being sentenced on five charges, related to smuggling handguns across the border in Osoyoos.
Louie, a 50 year old Oliver man who goes by the name Senk'lip, was found guilty by a jury in October, and sentenced on Monday at the Penticton courthouse. Justice Arne Silverman issued the mandatory minimum sentence of three years, which was reduced by 618 days due to entitled credit for time served while awaiting trial.
Senk'lip had entered the U.S. on Jan. 31, 2017 and acquired two handguns. Arriving at the Canadian border at Osoyoos on Feb. 1 around 1:30 a.m., the Canada Border Service Agents had conducted a secondary inspection of their vehicle. The CBSA had earlier received a confidential tip that someone would be attempting to bring guns across the border illegally, prompting them to stop and search every vehicle that crossed.
Related: Man charged with smuggling handguns across Osoyoos border
Upon a thorough search of their vehicle, it was found that two Hi-Point CF-380 handguns were tied to the undercarriage of Senk'lip's vehicle with wire. It was determined that the wire had been bought the evening before they had crossed.
Senk'lip said they had been in the U.S. for seven hours and denied having any firearms or weapons in the vehicle. Officers also found two boxes of ammunition, one of which was determined by the CBSA to fit the calibre and make of the handguns found under the vehicle.
Related: Guilty on gun smuggling charges
Senk'lip, had attempted to argue the court had no jurisdiction over them as an Indigenous man on unceded territory, but Justice Arne Silverman shot that argument down before the trial began. Silverman again had to remind Senk'lip, who did not have a lawyer throughout the proceedings and opted to represent himself, of this during the sentencing at the Penticton courthouse on Monday as they argued the same points.
Related: Alleged gun smuggler's name disputed
Senk'lip, who has no prior record, was sentenced on two counts of unauthorized import/export firearms, two counts of possession of a firearm without licence and/or registration and making a false or deceptive statement regarding the import of goods. Four other charges were stayed following the conclusion of a jury trial.
Silverman said if it was a non-Indigenous person they would have sentenced them to four years in prison but took into consideration their background as required.
kristi.patton@pentictonwesternnews.com
UPDATE 1-S.Korean consortium led by Newlake preferred bidder for Arrium - administrator
SYDNEY, June 15 A South Korean private equity syndicate led by Newlake Alliance and JB Asset Management has been named as the preferred bidder in the sale process for troubled Australian steel group Arrium Ltd, Arrium's financial administrator confirmed on Thursday.
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
(Adds detail, Energean CEO comments)
ATHENS, March 31 Spain's Repsol has entered a so-called farm-in agreement with Energean Oil & Gas for a 60 percent stake in two onshore blocks in western Greece, Energean Oil said on Friday.
Under a farm-in agreement, an oil and gas company acquires an interest in a lease owned by another group.
Repsol will become the operator of the Ioannina and Aitoloakarnania blocks and plans to acquire seismic surveys over the areas in the 2017-2019 period, Energean said.
Energean, Greece's sole oil producer, holds an exploration licence in Ioannina and is expected to acquire one for the other block.
Energean did not disclose the size of the deal, which is subject to Greek approval.
Energean Chief Executive Officer Mathios Rigas said that the agreement was a significant step forward for the development of the Greek oil and gas sector.
"Repsol's expertise and Energean's knowledge of the area's geology will undoubtedly drive forward the possibility of making new discoveries in Western Greece," they added.
A consortium led by France's Total signed earlier this month a deal for deep see gas exploration in one offshore block in western Greece. (Reporting by Angeliki Koutantou; editing by Alexander Smith)
* SPDR Gold holdings rise by about 6 tonnes this week (Updates prices) By Maytaal Angel April 12 Gold steadied on Wednesday after hitting a five-month peak as political tensions simmered, leaving investor interest in safe havens like the precious metal largely in tact. Tarnishing an otherwise brightening outlook for global growth, tensions continued over the Korean peninsula and the Middle East, while worries about the upcoming French presidential election persisted. Spot gold was mostly unchanged at $1,274.54 per ounce by 1414 GMT. It hit its strongest since Nov. 10 at $1,279.80 earlier, extending the previous session's near 2 percent gains. U.S. gold futures rose 0.2 percent to $1,276.8. "The short term geopolitical impact will likely fade but (gold) was oversold on expectations of rate hikes and the reality of muted rate hikes sets up the potential for (further) upside," said Hamza Khan, head of commodities strategy at ING. Gold tends to gain when rate hike expectations recede because lower rates reduce the opportunity cost of holding non-yielding bullion. The dollar was flat versus a currency basket after falling on Tuesday, though a general risk-off mood that has prompted investors to sell the greenback prevailed. Chinese President Xi Jinping on Wednesday stressed the need for a peaceful solution for the Korean peninsula on a call with U.S President Donald Trump. On Tuesday North Korea warned of a nuclear attack on the United States at any sign of American aggression, as a U.S. Navy strike group steamed towards the western Pacific. Elsewhere, Vladimir Putin said trust had eroded between the United States and Russia, as Moscow delivered an unusually hostile reception to U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in a face-off over Syria. In France's presidential race, centrist Emmanuel Macron and far-right leader Marine Le Pen clung on as frontrunners, but a far-left veteran has surged into the top four, pushing some pollsters to calculate the most extreme run-off scenarios. Gold could resume its rise ahead of the Easter long-weekend, Jeffrey Halley, senior market analyst at OANDA, said. "Gold has finally broken and closed above its 200-day moving average at $1,257.50, which now becomes a support. From a technical perspective, the way is now clear for a run at $1,300 and possibly higher," Halley said. Holdings of SPDR Gold Trust , the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund, rose 0.50 percent to 842.41 tonnes on Tuesday. The ETF has seen about six tonnes of inflows this week. Spot silver was unchanged at $18.31 an ounce. Platinum fell 0.6 percent to $961.24 after rising over 3 percent in the previous session, while palladium dropped 1.5 percent to $790. (Additioanl reporting by Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru; Editing by Susan Thomas and David Evans)
SCORES of people have turned out in a show of solidarity against aged care staff cuts.
The rally, held outside Blue Care's Pioneer aged care facility on Barolin St this morning, included nurses, personal carers, family members and residents.
Queensland Nurses and Midwife Union member and former Blue Care nurse of 43 years Cheryl Dorron spoke at the rally, saying enough was enough.
"Over the years we have witnessed at insidious and systematic move by providers, aided and abetted by government, to remove nursing from the provision of aged care," they said.
Blue Care recently announced it would slash 11 full-time equivalent positions from its three Bundaberg facilities, but later told the NewsMail that number would be dropped to nine.
Darryl Hampson, whose mother stays with Blue Care, at the rally. Crystal Jones
"It's a no-win situation for the residents with a further loss of quality care,the relatives who can have no confidence that care is being given in a timely manner and the staff who through no fault of their own don't have the numbers nor skills to provide that care at the time it is needed" Ms Dorron said.
"We need providers to be held accountable for how they spend government funding, we need nurse to resident ratios or funding specifically dedicated to nursing care."
An online petition calling on Blue Care to halt cuts to nursing staff has already gained 1456 online signatures and more on hard copy.
The petition can be found at: http://bit.ly/2uU1SkJ.
More to come
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
OTTAWA, April 5 Canada's main stock index ended lower on Wednesday, turning negative late in the session as it was weighed by a decline in financial shares and as the energy sector gave up its earlier advance.
Shortly after the closing bell, the Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index was off 26.08 points, or 0.17 percent, to 15,642.99. (Reporting by Leah Schnurr; Editing by Alistair Bell)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Dr. Krupa Torne, Paediatric Neurologist & Epileptologist from Birmingham Children's Hospital, UK joins Surya Hospital, Mumbai as the Neurology head.
With the recent addition of Dr. Krupa Torne as the new head of neurology, Surya Group of Hospitals has added another star to their highly acclaimed staff of doctors. Dr Krupa Torne has completely their International Fellowship in Paediatric Neurology, Epilepsy and Neurorehabilitation from Birmingham Children's Hospital, Birmingham UK. They have also worked in many premier hospitals in the UK and extensively trained in this field.
They come with an experience of over 15 years in paediatric medicine and another 5 years in paediatric neurology. “I am excited to be a part of the prestigious Surya Hospitals and hope to enhance the standard of care provided with my decades of experience,” says Dr. Krupa Torne.
Dr. Krupa Torne has been an organizing committee member of many respected events like:
– Parkinson's and Movement Disorder Congress
– International Conference on Brain Disorders and Dementia Care
– International Conference on Neurodegenerative disorders and Stroke September
– World Congress on Neurology and Neurodisorders
– World Congress on Research and Therapy
 They are also affiliated with numerous associations such as,
– European Paediatric neurology association
– International Parkinson and Movement Disorder Society
– American Neurology Association US
– American Epilepsy Society US
– International Child Neurology Association (ICNA)
Dr. Bhupendra Avasthi, founder and CEO of Surya Hospitals commented, “We are delighted to have Dr. Torne on board. They will prove to be a wonderful asset to our neurological department,” on appointment of the new department head. Visit http://suryahospitals.com/ for more details.
Changes to Child, Family and Community Service Act could connect MCFD, Indigenous communities
The B.C. government has proposed changes to the Child, Family and Community Service Act that would get rid of barriers for social workers and Indigenous communities when making decisions on a child's welfare.
Introduced in the legislature Tuesday, Minister of Children and Family Development Katrine Conroy said the proposed changes share the goal of keeping children out of government care and in their communities when possible.
Under current legislation, the Ministry of Children and Family Development can only reach out to a child's Indigenous community with the parent's consent or to ensure the child's safety and well-being.
. #BCGov has announced proposed changes to improve Indigenous child welfare re: Child, Family and Community Service Act. Here are the specifics #bcpoli pic.twitter.com/Xnc7JDnOvX — Ashley Wadhwani (@ashwadhwani) April 24, 2018
New changes would negate this barrier between social workers and community members by allowing information to be shared the moment a file is started on a child.
If passed, social workers will also be able to refer child-protection reports to an Indigenous government that has child protection laws, according to the ministry.
Other amendments would include required annual reviews of a child in custody-ordered care to include members of the child's Indigenous community. The “best interest of a child test,” which is used by courts and the ministry when making any decisions around a child would also have to consider Indigenous traditions, customs and language.
Indigenous children currently make up 63 per cent of the total number of children in the province's care, despite being less than 10 per cent of B.C.'s child population.
Minister of Indigenous Relations and Reconciliation Scott Fraser called the proposed bill “core to reconciliation.”
@ashwadhwani
ashley.wadhwani@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
I love when arcane cases at the U.S. Supreme Court prompt trash talking from eminent litigators.
In a new Supreme Court brief on behalf of underwriters accused of defrauding California's state employees' pension fund, Paul Clement of Kirkland & Ellis warned the justices not to be duped by the pension fund's sleight-of-hand – not on the real issue in the case and not on underlying policy.
Clement's brief accused the California Public Employees' Retirement System of “brazen disregard” for the Supreme Court's framing of the question presented in the case. And in the event that their first use of “brazen” didn't make the point, Clement repeated it later in the brief: “This court should not reward such a brazen end-run around its explicit decision to limit the grant of certiorari.”
In response, CalPERS counsel Thomas Goldstein of Goldstein & Russell told me in an email that they get why the underwriters have resorted to a “hopeless” argument: “Their argument on the merits of it is just so bad that they had to try something,” Goldstein said.
Peppery, right? Especially for a securities case that doesn't have much of a public profile.
Here's the background, in case you somehow haven't been paying attention to CalPERS v. ANZ Securities. Clement represents underwriters, including ANZ, of Lehman Brothers debt offerings from 2007 and early 2008, before the investment bank went under. Those underwriters were sued in a 2008 class action. CalPERS separately sued the defendants in 2011, and, when the class action settled, opted out to continue with its own suit. But in 2016, the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that CalPERS had waited too long to sue. Reiterating its 2013 decision in In re IndyMac, the appeals court said the Securities Act's three-year statute of repose is an absolute time bar that gives defendants the substantive right to be free of the specter of lawsuits after a prescribed time. The statute of repose, according to the 2nd Circuit, cannot be tolled by the filing of class action.
The Supreme Court, as you know, ruled in 1974's American Pipe v. Utah that the filing of a class action tolls the statute of limitations in securities fraud litigation. But the court has also held, most recently and emphatically in 2014's CTS v. Waldburger that the statute of limitations and the statute of repose are distinct.
In 2016, a plethora of certiorari petitions asked the Supreme Court to decide whether American Pipe tolling also applies to the statute of repose. The justices picked the CalPERS case as their vehicle. CalPERS' petition for certiorari presented two questions: the first about American Pipe tolling and the statute of repose; the second on whether, despite the statute of repose, a member of an uncertified class action can file an individual suit based on the same claims as those of the class. The Supreme Court granted review only of the first question.
The issue of whether the statute of repose can be tolled is really slippery. It depends on the nature of repose, different flavors of tolling (it can be equitable or legal) and interplay between the Rules Enabling Act and the federal rule governing class actions.
As I reported last month, Goldstein & Russell's merits brief for CalPERS offered a relatively easy way to grab hold of the question. Instead of grappling with the Rules Enabling Act, equitable authority and substantive rights, the brief said, the justices should simply apply their own American Pipe terminology and conclude that the filing of a class action “brings the action for all members, whether named or not.” Under that definition, CalPERS “brought” its case against the Lehman underwriters when the class action was filed, well within the three-year statute of repose for Securities Act claims.
That's the argument that Clement attacked as an improper end-run in the underwriters' merits brief. In effect, the brief argued, Goldstein & Russell is trying to re-introduce the question the Supreme Court decided not to review. “Petitioner describes this argument as the ‘easiest path to reversal,' but that ‘path' faces a rather significant roadblock: namely, the fact that the court expressly declined to grant certiorari on this issue,” the brief said. “That was no accident, as the court was considering multiple petitions, some raising one issue and others raising two…. Undeterred, petitioner has now fully briefed both questions (leading with the non-granted question, no less) despite this court's explicit instructions to the contrary.”
The underwriters contend this is actually an easy case. American Pipe established equitable tolling of the statute of limitations when a class action has been filed. The statute of repose is not an equitable principle but a substantive legal right for defendants. If the Securities Act's three-year time limit on claims is a statute of repose – as the underwriters argue it is, based, among other things, on the law's legislative history – American Pipe doesn't apply.
“This court has made clear that statutes of repose confer substantive rights on defendants to be free from suit after a specified period,” the brief said. “Under the Rules Enabling Act, courts may not apply the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure in a manner that would ‘abridge, enlarge or modify any substantive right.'”
The underwriters' brief also said CalPERS and its amici (who include dozens of other institutional investors, law professors and retired federal judges) have promulgated an evidence-free argument that courts will be flooded with protective opt-out suits by pension and healthcare funds if the Supreme Court agrees with the 2nd Circuit. CalPERS and its amici had said the 2nd Circuit holding would undermine the efficiency class actions are supposed to promote. But according to the underwriters, CalPERS and its friends have come up with only one example – securities fraud litigation against the Brazilian company Petrobras - of a case that has generated the predicted tsunami of opt-outs, even though it has been several years since the 2nd Circuit first decreed that class actions don't toll the statute of repose.
In fact, the underwriters argued, the Supreme Court has good policy reasons to agree with the 2nd Circuit. When Congress enacted securities litigation reform in 1995, it encouraged institutional investors to step up to lead class actions. If the Supreme Court allows big pension and healthcare funds to back out of class actions whenever they please, the underwriters said, smaller and less sophisticated investors will suffer.
I'm sure we'll soon see amicus briefs echoing the underwriters' policy contentions. Oral arguments are scheduled for April 17.
Josh Isner, Executive Vice President of Global Sales and Representatives of Axon (formerly known Taser International Inc.) holds one of their company's body cameras while visiting the Nasdaq MarketSite in New York City, U.S. April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Josh Isner, (C) Executive Vice President of Global Sales and Representatives of Axon (formerly known Taser International Inc.) ring the closing bell at the Nasdaq MarketSite in New York City, U.S., April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
SAN FRANCISCO Taser International Inc TASR.O, maker of the eponymous device used by police to stun and incapacitate a person temporarily, is changing its name to Axon as it pushes further into the software business.
The Axon name comes from Taser's unit that sells police body cameras, patrol car cameras and the software for managing the hours of digital footage they generate.
In a gamble that police departments will sign up for paid software subscriptions, the company is offering free body cameras to police officers in addition to a year of free access to Evidence.com, its online software for managing video and other evidence.
Shares of the company closed down 0.5 percent at $21.90, after rising more than 6 percent in anticipation of a company announcement.
Taser still gets the bulk of its revenue from its weapons, which use electrical current to immobilize targets. Last year, $202.6 million (£162.44 million) of its $268.2 million in revenue came from its weapons segment, mostly in the form of replacement cartridges.
But Chief Executive Officer Rick Smith said the Taser brand name can be "polarizing" because of its association with the company's weapons. The weapons are popular among police but have been criticized by groups such as the American Civil Liberties Union, mainly because of deaths caused by Tasers.
Taser will continue to use the Taser brand for its weapons products. The Axon brand will let the company market its cameras and records management software to police departments without the controversy the Taser brand can generate, Smith said.
"The thing we saw with Axon is that it's a less polarizing brand," Smith told Reuters. "We're never going to run from Taser. It's something we're proud of, and we think the facts are on our side. But we don't want to be having the Taser debate every time we talk about something else."
Nearly a quarter of Taser's revenue now comes from the Axon segment. Software revenue for Evidence.com nearly doubled to $11.7 million.
"The hardware creates an issue for police departments in a sense that you're creating hours and hours of raw data," said Steve Dyer, senior research analyst for Craig-Hallum Capital Group. "You have the question not only of how to store the data in an industry that is not traditionally that tech savvy, but also how to handle digital evidence with the same safeguards as physical evidence."
Evidence.com software is sold on a subscription basis, typically five-year contracts. That means Taser has to spend money to sign up customers, while revenue follows over the length of the contract.
Software companies including Salesforce.com Inc (CRM.N) or Workday Inc (WDAY.N) have persuaded investors to accept this revenue model. But it can cut into profits in the short term: Taser's profits dipped from $19.9 million to $17.2 million last year despite strong revenue growth.
(Reporting by Stephen Nellis, additional reporting by Noel Randewich; Editing by Jonathan Weber, Andrew Hay and Lisa Shumaker)
WASHINGTON, D.C.: Former president George H.W. Bush was being treated for a blood infection on Monday (Tuesday in Manila), one day after laying their wife Barbara to rest, their office said.
A statement stressed that Bush, 93, was responding to treatment. They were admitted to Houston Methodist Hospital early Sunday, just a day after bidding a final farewell to their wife of 73 years during a funeral in the same Texas city. Barbara Bush had died on Tuesday, April 17.
The 41st president greeted and shook hands with numerous attendees of the event during the invitation-only funeral attended by four former presidents, including themselves and their son George W. Bush.
More than a thousand people attended the ceremony.
“I always knew Barbara was the most beloved woman in the world, and in fact I used to tease them that I had a complex about that fact,” Bush said after their wife's passing.
Their marriage was the longest presidential union in American history.
They married the love of their life while on leave from military deployment in 1945, several months before World War II ended.
Bush, who suffers from Parkinson's disease and is wheelchair-bound as a result, has been repeatedly hospitalized for pneumonia. Theirs is a less-common version of Parkinson's that only affects the lower body.
“President Bush was admitted to Houston Methodist Hospital yesterday morning after contracting an infection that spread to their blood,” a statement read.
“He is responding to treatments and appears to be recovering. We will issue additional updates as events warrant.”
One-term war hero
George Herbert Walker Bush was born June 12, 1924 in Milton, Massachusetts to a wealthy New England political dynasty, the son of Prescott Bush, a successful banker and US Senator for Connecticut.
Bush had a pampered upbringing and attended the prestigious Phillips Academy in Andover, but delayed their acceptance to Yale in order to enlist in the Navy on their 18th birthday and head off to World War II.
They went on to fly 58 combat missions during the war. They were shot down over the Pacific by Japanese anti-aircraft fire and rescued by a submarine after huddling in a life raft for four hours while enemy aircraft circled.
The decorated war hero and former CIA chief suffered the ignominy of being a one-term president, but led a political dynasty that would win back the White House eight years later, albeit with a leader with a very different approach.
A foreign policy realist who navigated the turbulent fall of the Soviet Union in 1989, they assembled an unprecedented coalition to defeat Saddam Hussein two years later.
But they also presided over a period of economic malaise and infuriated their fellow Republicans during a budget battle with rival Democrats by famously breaking their vow: “Read my lips: no new taxes.”
After retiring from public life, Bush fulfilled a wartime pledge to one day jump out of a plane for fun and famously went skydiving on their 75th, 80th and 85th birthdays.
They joined Bill Clinton—the Democrat to whom they lost their re-election bid—to raise funds for victims of the 2004 Asian tsunami and the 2010 Haiti earthquake. In February 2011 Democratic president Barack Obama awarded Bush the highest US civilian honor, the Medal of Freedom.
Bush, who served as commander-in-chief from 1989 to 1993, is the oldest of the five living former US presidents.
 They are father to ex-president George W. Bush (2001-2009) and former Florida governor Jeb Bush, who was a contender in the 2016 Republican presidential primaries.
AFP
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The Bank of Canada held its key interest rate target, but hinted that rate hikes
The Bank of Canada is seen in Ottawa on Wednesday, May 30, 2018. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Sean Kilpatrick
The Bank of Canada kept its key interest rate target on hold Wednesday, but hinted that rate hikes could be coming as it noted the Canadian economy was a little stronger than expected in the first quarter.
The central bank held steady its target for the overnight rate — a key financial benchmark that influences the prime lending rates at the country's big banks — at 1.25 per cent.
A statement released with the decision noted that exports were more robust than forecast as data on imports of machinery and equipment suggest continued recovery in investment, but also pointed to softer real estate activity into the second quarter as the market ”continues to adjust to new mortgage guidelines and higher borrowing rates.”
“Going forward, solid labour income growth supports the expectation that housing activity will pick up and consumption will continue to contribute importantly to growth in 2018,” it said.
The central bank also said global economic activity remains broadly on track, but added that ongoing uncertainty about trade policies is dampening global business investment and stresses are developing in some emerging market economies.
It noted that recent developments have reinforced its view that higher rates will be warranted to keep inflation near its target, but added that it will take a gradual approach and be guided by the economic data.
“In particular, the bank will continue to assess the economy's sensitivity to interest rate movements and the evolution of economic capacity,” it said.
Related: Bank of Canada holds benchmark interest rate as economic growth moderates
Related: Bank of Canada says Canadians owe $2 trillion as it mulls next rate hike
Economists had predicted the Bank of Canada would keep its key rate on hold Wednesday, but many have suggested the rate may be headed higher later this year.
The central bank's statement had “a hawkish tone, suggesting the next rate hike is not far off,” said TD Bank senior economist Brian DePratto.
“All told, the positives seem to outweigh the negatives,” DePratto wrote in a note to clients.
“Gone was the reference to ‘caution' that typified the last few statements. Today's statement instead chose the term ‘gradual' to describe the approach to policy adjustments. Importantly, interest rate sensitivity and the evolution of economic capacity remained areas of particular focus.”
The central bank's decision to keep its trend-setting rate on hold came as inflation sits above the two per cent midpoint of its target range of one to three per cent and core inflation has crept past the two per cent mark for the first time since 2012.
It noted that inflation will likely be a bit higher in the near term than was forecast in its April monetary policy report due to recent increases in gasoline prices, but that it will look through the transitory impact of the fluctuations at the pump.
The central bank has raised its key rate three times since last summer, increases that have prompted the big Canadian banks to raise their prime rates which are used to set the rates charged for variable-rate mortgages and other variable-rate loans.
Its next scheduled interest rate decision is set for July 11 when it will also update its outlook for the economy and inflation in its monetary policy report.
Craig Wong, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
By Trevor Hunnicutt NEW YORK, March 29 Investors hesitated to take more risk in the U.S. stock market, finding cover in bonds and outside their home market during the latest week, Investment Company Institute data showed on Wednesday. U.S.-based bond funds absorbed $13.2 billion, the most cash since June 2015 in a 13th straight week of inflows, during the week ended March 22, the trade group's data showed. Funds in the United States that buy stocks abroad attracted $5.1 billion, their 16th straight week inhaling cash and longest streak of fundraising since 2015. "We can't pay these high levels for growth we can't see," said Matthew Bartolini, head of SPDR Americas research at State Street Global Advisors. The S&P 500 was flat over the last month after choppy trading followed a Federal Reserve interest rate hike and the defeat of an Obamacare repeal effort viewed as foreshadowing Washington's ability to deliver stock-boosting reforms such as tax cuts. Domestic stock funds recorded $6.9 billion in withdrawals, their first week of outflows in eight, ICI said. Bartolini said after the failed healthcare repeal effort they are now wondering "which one of these Trump trades still have room to run regardless of fiscal stimulus," referring to market segments like small U.S. companies and industrials that prospered after the November election of President Donald Trump but have fizzled lately. Banks can thrive, they said, because they are trading cheaply and because Trump can cut some financial regulations without legislators' blessing. Investors pulled $1.3 billion from bank sector funds during the week, earlier data from Lipper showed, the worst week of outflows for those funds since July 2015. The following table shows estimated ICI flows, including mutual funds and exchange-traded funds (all figures in millions of dollars): 3/22 3/15 3/8 3/1 2/22/2017 Equity -1,787 10,992 9,118 9,116 6,949 -Domestic -6,853 9,014 4,290 5,766 3,455 -World 5,066 1,978 4,828 3,350 3,495 Hybrid -757 -242 -376 -912 -26 Bond 13,190 2,837 6,921 9,707 6,787 -Taxable 12,511 3,040 6,868 9,432 6,573 -Municipal 679 -203 53 274 214 Commodity -151 237 -663 192 35 Total 10,495 13,824 15,000 18,103 13,745 (Reporting by Trevor Hunnicutt; Editing by Leslie Adler)
May 2 Coach Inc posted an 8.6 percent jump in quarterly profit, as the handbag maker cut back on discounting its products in the United States.
Net sales declined to $995.2 million in the third quarter ended April 1, from $1.03 billion a year earlier.
Net income rose to $122.2 million, or 43 cents per share, in the quarter, from $112.5 million, or 40 cents per share, a year earlier. (Reporting by Jessica Kuruthukulangara in Bengaluru; Editing by Supriya Kurane)
NEW YORK, April 6 Morgan Stanley has named Clarke Adams head of leveraged finance syndicate, according to sources.
A Morgan Stanley spokesperson confirmed the appointment.
Adams' post follows the departure of Jim Bonetti, who left Morgan Stanley to join private-equity firm GTCR as head of its capital markets group. Bonetti had served as both head of syndicate and co-head of the North American leveraged and acquisition finance group at Morgan Stanley.
Bonetti's co-head Andrew Earls will continue in this role, the sources said.
Adams joined Morgan Stanley in 2010 from Goldman Sachs, according to BrokerCheck. Before that they worked at Credit Suisse. (Reporting by Kristen Haunss; Editing by Jon Methven)
NEW YORK, April 10 U.S. Treasury yields pared their earlier drop on Monday, prompted by soft demand at a $24 billion auction of three-year notes, the first part of this week's $56 billion coupon-bearing government debt supply.
The yield on three-year Treasuries was down 0.5 basis point at 1.499 percent, while benchmark 10-year yield was 1 basis point lower at 2.361 percent. (Reporting by Richard Leong)
MIDEAST STOCKS-Overnight crash in oil may drag Gulf lower
DUBAI, June 15 Crude oil prices crashed almost 4 percent overnight which may drag stock markets in the oil-exporting Gulf lower on Thursday, though Saudi Arabian banks could be resilient following the central bank's decision to raise only its reverse repo rate.
UPDATE 1-S.Korean consortium led by Newlake preferred bidder for Arrium - administrator
SYDNEY, June 15 A South Korean private equity syndicate led by Newlake Alliance and JB Asset Management has been named as the preferred bidder in the sale process for troubled Australian steel group Arrium Ltd, Arrium's financial administrator confirmed on Thursday.
Wang Yi, Chinese Minister for Foreign Affairs, speaks before a meeting of the Security Council inside of United Nations (U.N.) headquarters in New York, U.S., April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
Wang Yi, Chinese Minister for Foreign Affairs, speaks before a meeting of the Security Council inside of United Nations (U.N.) headquarters in New York, U.S., April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
UNITED NATIONS Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said on Friday the situation on the Korean Peninsula is critical and that a peace agreement is the "only right choice" in the nuclear dispute with North Korea.
"Peaceful settlement of the nuclear issue on the Korean Peninsula through dialogue and negotiations represents the only right choice that is practical and viable," Wang told reporters at the United Nations before a ministerial meeting of the 15-member Security Council.
(Reporting by Michelle Nichols; Writing by Doina Chiacu)
DTC Enterprises, Inc. introduces new product, TieDownPro to eliminate the frustrations of hauling cargo in a pickup truck bed
Tie Down Pro - Protable Pickup Bed Anchor Point
Contact
Contact: Dan or Tanna Cain
***@tiedownpro.com Contact: Dan or Tanna Cain
End
-- Battle Ground, WA, The TieDownPro is the first cargo tie down point that locks the rope in place while securing a load and clamps down anywhere along the side rails of a pickup truck bed. This new tie down system was invented by Dan Cain of DTC Enterprises, Inc. after 30 years of working in the landscaping industry, tying down equipment, cargo, and lawn debris. They experienced the frustration and inconvenience of every pickup truck having little or no anchor points to safely secure a load. Additionally, the need to knot the rope at every anchor point makes the tie down process slow and tedious. "I created the TieDownPro to help make our roads a little safer, while making our work a bit easier."Securing your load correctly can be the difference between life and death for the drivers sharing the road with you. Law enforcement officers are issuing more citations for improperly and hazardously tied downloads because many people are forced to use the fender wells, bumpers, frames and even the side mirrors as quick-and-dirty tie down points. These insufficient points are unable to provide a sturdy anchor and rope often loses tension during the securement process. As a result, equipment, tools or furniture fly out of the pickup truck bed. Even at relatively low speeds, improperly secured items will easily come loose. An object weighing only 20 pounds, flying out of the back of a truck traveling 55 mph, can impact a windshield, motorcyclist or pedestrian with as much as a half a ton of force.Dan remarked, "Before the TieDownPro, when I loaded up a truck, there were no secure places to tie my rope. It was always with hope and a prayer that everything stayed in the truck until I got to where I needed to go."The TieDownPro provides the necessary tie down points needed to safely secure a load. This unique, removable anchor point can be used on most makes and models of pickup trucks with free access under the bed rail. The easy clamp-on, no-drill installation provides a quick way to add anchor points where they are needed most. The TieDownPro's patent pending T-head holds rope tight, allowing a single person to secure a load in minutes. It is constructed from weather-proof, corrosion-resistant aluminum to provide excellent performance over a long, serviceable lifetime. DTC Enterprises, Inc. is working with a local manufacturer in Vancouver, WA to provide a quality anchor point system. Currently, the TieDownPro is in its first full production run and is expected to be available for sale at www.tiedownpro.com by the end of February or early March 2017.Visit www.tiedownpro.com for more information and to get on the waiting list. Early subscribers will be notified when the TieDownPro is available for purchase and gain exclusive access to a special, unadvertised discount.About DTC Enterprises, Inc.DTC Enterprises, Inc., dba TieDownPro, is a family owned and operated business located in Battle Ground, Washington. They are a startup business whose mission is to provide pickup truck users a high quality tie down system made in the USA. You can reach out to DTC Enterprises, Inc. by sending an e-mail to office@tiedownpro.com, phoning Dan or Tanna Cain at 360.573.3004, or liking their page on Facebook at http://facebook.com/ tiedownpro
The All Blacks' Blues brothers, so to speak, Akira Ioane and Rieko Ioane, along with dynamic Chiefs' scrum-half Tawera Kerr-Barlow have all been included in the Maori starting line-up to face the Lions.
The twice capped Chiefs full-back Damian McKenzie, who has lit up Super Rugby this season with their counter-attacking, blinding elusiveness and ball skills, has been picked at out-half.
“We've named a strong group who all have good clarity on how we want to play this match against the Lions,” said their coach Colin Cooper. “We feel Damian will suit the game plan that we want to play, from the number 10 position.”
Cooper said they were pleased with the way the players had connected throughout the week.
“We experienced a powerful powhiri on Monday which really resonated with the boys and it's been great to be here in Rotorua and feel all the support. It's really lifted the team and helped bring them together as a unit.
“We recognise the challenge that is ahead of us on Saturday, but we're really excited as a group by the opportunity we have to represent New Zealand, Maoridom and the fans that will descend on Rotorua this weekend.”
Hawke's Bay's Ash Dixon will captain the side which features just two uncapped Maori All Blacks on the bench, Bryn Hall and Rob Thompson.
Maori All Blacks team to face the British and Irish Lions: J Lowe, N Milner-Skudder, M Proctor, C Ngatai, R Ioane, D McKenzie, T Kerr-Barlow, K Hames, A Dixon (capt), B May, J Wheeler, T Franklin, A Ioane, E Dixon, L Messam. Replacements: H Elliot, C Eves, M Renata, L Price, K Pryor, B Hall, I West, R Thompson.
UK to step up support for start-ups, infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON, June 15 The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union.
April 5 Petrolia Inc
* Petrolia-Confirms Gouvernement Du Québec begun negotiations with co, its partners in hasec with goal of ending oil and gas exploration on anticosti island
* Petrolia inc - in event that government is "determined to put an end to this project", Pétrolia is open to negotiating a fair settlement
* Petrolia Inc - In event there is no settlement, expect government to allow hasec to carry out planned works that were mandated in signed agreements
* Petrolia Inc - Confirms Gouvernement Du Québec begun negotiations in response to a request for clarification from Hydrocarbures Anticosti (HASEC) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
DUBAI May 2 Iraq's state-oil marketer SOMO and Russia's Litasco have set up a joint trading company in Dubai to market crude, trading sources said, joining other Middle East producers that buy and sell oil to boost their incomes.
The new venture, LIMA Energy, is establishing a team to work at the Dubai Multi Commodities Centre (DMCC), the sources said, adding that it would trade in Iraqi, Russian and other crude.
"LIMA will lift the first cargo of Iraqi crude in May," one source said.
LIMA is modelled after Oman Trading International which began as a venture between Oman Oil and Vitol, the sources said. OTI is now fully owned by Oman Oil and trades Omani crude, products and LNG.
Up to 10 SOMO members of staff, including its head of shipping, could be seconded to LIMA, one of the sources said.
Litasco, a unit of Russia's Lukoil which develops oil fields in southern Iraq, is one of the world's biggest traders. Iraq is the second-largest producer in the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) after Saudi Arabia.
The Iraqi oil ministry said last month it has agreed with Litasco to form an oil marketing venture, but did not give details at the time.
Last week, SOMO sold its first cargo of Basra Light crude via an auction on the Dubai Mercantile Exchange (DME), which could become a platform for price discovery. DME is now the marketplace for most Omani crude sold in Asia.
Other oil producers have set up commodities trading firms. Saudi Aramco, the world's biggest oil producing company, set up Aramco Trading in 2012 to market refined products, base oils and bulk petrochemicals.
SOMO handles exports from areas under control of Iraq's central government, but not exports from the northern region that is under Kurdish control. SOMO's average crude exports were 3.756 million barrels per day in March. (Editing by Edmund Blair)
The European Automobile Manufacturers' Association (ACEA) on Monday called for Brexit negotiators to avoid potential cross-border chaos by maintaining an existing system of mutual recognition of auto certification issued by UK and EU authorities.
The ACEA said mutual EU-UK recognition of each other's vehicle approvals post-Brexit would only be possible if the UK remained fully aligned with all relevant EU legislation, an issue that has split the UK side as it prepares for upcoming Brexit talks focused on trade.
Read more: EU warns of post-Brexit trade 'frictions,' rejects UK ambitions for unique trade deal
"Otherwise we will see severe land and sea-port congestion at both sides of the channel once the UK leaves the EU," ACEA Secretary General Erik Jonnaert said.
"It is essential that manufacturers can maintain valid type approvals in both the EU and the UK as of 30 March 2019, no matter where the approval was issued," Jonnaert said. "We are therefore calling on the European Commission to clarify how existing approvals can be transferred from an EU27 authority to the UK, and the other way around."
European Community Whole Vehicle Type Approval is the certification issued by a member state's Type Approval Authority (TAA) that a motor vehicle made within its borders meets EU environmental, safety, performance and security standards. A holder can use it to market that type of vehicle throughout the EU, without further certification in any EU member state.
EU chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier (R) with British Secretary of State for Exiting the EU, David Davis are said to have reached a Brexit transition deal on Monday, March 19
Frictionless trade
"The UK deciding to remain in a customs union with the EU would of course be an effective solution to enable frictionless trade in goods between the EU and UK," Jonnaert said, adding that regardless of which Brexit scenario is pursued, it is essential that EU and UK authorities start preparing to simplify customs procedures.
The imposition of tariffs — 10 percent for passenger cars and 10 percent or 22 percent for commercial vehicles — in the event of a so-called 'cliff-edge' Brexit would be "extremely burdensome" for automobile manufacturers and consumers.
Britain is due to leave the EU at the end of March 2019 and EU leaders are set to approve an outline for future negotiations with Britain at a summit later this week.
The EU will have an emissions problem once Britain's more environmentally-friendly car fleet will no longer be counted for its CO2 reduction target
CO2 emissions: UK in or out?
The ACEA also called for clarification as to whether the UK car market — the second biggest in the EU — will count in calculating the EU's 2021 carbon dioxide (CO2) targets.
EU legislation sets mandatory CO2 emission reduction targets for new passenger cars and light commercial vehicles and the ACEA believes that after the UK leaves the EU it will not be subject to EU emission requirements.
The association said compliance with "the highly challenging limits" set by the EU for 2021 is based on data from all member states and that potential exclusion of any country would "have a significant impact on those carefully planned strategies."
UK data is valuable to manufacturers because of the high proportion of alternatively-powered vehicles registered. In 2016, the UK accounted for 16 percent of battery-electric vehicles and 31 percent of all plug-in vehicles sold in the EU.
Removing UK data from the calculation would oblige manufacturers to recalculate average targets based on EU28 data and give only a limited time to alter compliance strategies to ensure that the 2021 targets are reached, the association said.
If the European Commission decided to exclude UK data from fleet-average calculations the Commission would have to review the target of 95g CO2/km for passenger cars, the ACEA said.
Watch video 01:09 Share Intertwined: German-British Trade Relations Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/1JSax Intertwined: German-British Trade Relations
EU sales up excluding UK
In 2017, sales of new cars in the EU surpassed 15 million for the first time since 2007, with 15.1 million vehicles sold in the 28-member bloc, up 3.4 percent on 2016, the ACEA said.
Demand for new cars rose in all major EU markets except in Britain, where sales fell by 5.7 percent year-on-year, the first annual decline in six years, according to ACEA data.
Car sales' growth across the EU was likely to slow to 1 percent in 2018, the ACEA said in January, noting stricter rules on car emissions and Brexit as threats to the industry.
The ACEA has forecast that German and French car sales' growth will be subdued in 2018 and that the British car market would drop by 4-5 percent.
ACEA President Carlos Tavares blamed the slowdown on new EU CO2 emissions regulations and a lack of market predictability caused by Britain's exit from the bloc.
They said the auto industry believed the transition period after Britain leaves the EU should be three years longer than the 21 months - until the end of 2020 - that the EU has proposed.
Watch video 01:05 Share Study: Hard Brexit means all sides lose in automotive market Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2fC0j Study: Hard Brexit means all sides lose in automotive market
jbh (AP, dpa, Reuters)
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
U.S. soldiers of the 3rd Battalion, 12th Infantry, 4th Infantry Division take a break during bunker construction on Hill 530 in Vietnam, November 25, 1967. REUTERS/Courtesy U.S. Army
My father had a low draft number and always told me they couldn't see themselves trudging through the jungle with a machete. It was the early ‘70s and Vietnam would be over soon, but young Americans were still dying in Southeast Asia. So dad joined the Navy and served aboard the USS Enterprise. Unlike a lot of the other men of their generation and demographic, dad did their duty.
While dad sweated on the Pacific Ocean and learned the joys of monsoon season, millions of other American men protested the unjust, expensive and bloody war and helped bring it to an end. The popular conception of that period is one of free love and political turmoil. It was an era when old men started unpopular wars and the righteous stayed behind.
But that's not an accurate picture, according to this week's War College guest, Bruce Cannon Gibney. They lay out the case against the Boomer's collective memory in their new book “A Generation of Sociopaths: How the Baby Boomers Betrayed America.”
Gibney shows Boomers overwhelmingly supported the war until they had to serve in it. Worse, most who wanted to avoid the war could seek conscientious objector status but instead abused the deferment system. From dodging down, class privilege to officer bounties, Gibney busts the myths of one of America's favorite sacred cows.
FRANKFURT Roughly 90 percent of the extra cash injected by the European Central Bank to boost the euro zone's economy is piling up in five of the bloc's wealthiest countries, an ECB study showed on Tuesday.
The paper cites "risk aversion" as one reason why the money is not flowing from Germany, France, the Netherlands, Luxembourg and Finland to the rest of the bloc, where some banks still rely on the ECB for cash.
This means banks in cash-rich countries are still reluctant to lend across borders nearly 10 years after the financial crisis broke out and despite ECB efforts to keep the euro zone together and growing.
"It seems that, following the financial crisis, a general increase in risk aversion and more conservative internal risk limits among banks may still be limiting factors for cross-border liquidity flows and the broad-based interbank redistribution of liquidity within the euro area," the 14 authors of the paper wrote.
The ECB has created some 1.5 trillion euros worth of excess liquidity -- cash that lenders deposit with the central banks minus mandatory reserves -- since 2015 via aggressive bond purchases and cheap long-term loans to banks.
For a graphic on excess liquidity, click on reut.rs/1T68P94
But the fact that the money keeps accumulating in the bloc's richest countries rather than flowing where it is needed the most risks undoing some of the ECB's efforts and shows the European Union's objective to create a banking union is still far from reached.
The study shows that 60 percent of the money spent by the ECB and national central banks on buying bonds ends up in Germany, where sellers, mainly UK banks, have their accounts. France accounts for a further 20 percent.
The authors note that this does not fully explain why the excess liquidity is then accumulating in just five countries.
They find this is due to external factors, including healthier banks attracting more depositors and new rules making bank-to-bank lending less attractive.
"Feedback from banks and further analysis suggest that regulatory requirements and banks' business models strongly influence the level of excess liquidity held at the individual bank level," the authors wrote.
(Editing by Hugh Lawson)
FILE PHOTO: Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche!, or Onwards!, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election attends a campaign political rally in Saint-Herblain near Nantes, France, April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Stephane Mahe
PARIS Unknown to the wider public until three years ago and still only 39, Emmanuel Macron, a centrist and former investment banker, has built a party machine from scratch and is favourite to win France's presidential election this spring.
Here's a timeline on their rise to prominence:
2010: Macron, a graduate of the prestigious Ecole Nationale d'Administration (ENA), joins Socialist Francois Hollande's entourage even before the future president emerges as favourite to win their party's nomination.
Early 2012 - With Hollande now the Socialist candidate following the disgrace of Dominique Strauss-Kahn the previous year, Macron has their first disagreement with their boss on economic policy, calling their plan to tax top incomes at 75 percent "Cuba without the sun".
May 15, 2012 - Macron named deputy secretary general of the Elysee by President Hollande. In charge of economic affairs, sherpa at G8, G20 and European summits.
They lobby for more pro-business reforms.
Dec 31, 2013 - Hollande, elected on a tax, spend and anti-bank platform, makes a pro-business U-turn, announcing what will be a 40 billion euro tax break for companies in their new year's eve address.
June, 2014 - Macron resigns as Hollande's top economic policy adviser after jostling for power with other members of the president's staff. Plans to launch consultancy firm "Macron Partners" and to teach in London and Berlin.
Aug 26, 2014 - Hollande sacks their leftist economy minister Arnaud Montebourg for criticising the U-turn. Macron named in their place.
Feb 17, 2015 - After hours of debates, Macron's flagship labour market deregulation bill is forced through parliament under special government powers by Prime Minister Manuel Valls.
Aug 28, 2015 - At the annual summer meeting of the employers' group Medef, Macron says the left is wrong to think France can move ahead by working less - an open attack on the 35-hour-week rules held dear by many in the country.
Nov 9, 2015 - Macron makes a high-profile presentation at the finance ministry to showcase the second instalment of their deregulation bill. It was named Noé (nouvelles opportunités économiques), and dubbed "Macron 2".
Nov 13, 2015 - A militant Islamist attack in Paris kills 130 people at the Bataclan concert hall, nearby bars and restaurants, and at a sports stadium on the edge of the capital.
Nov 21, 2015 - Macron tells French think-tank Les Gracques that stresses in French society are "partly responsible" for such attacks.
Nov 25, 2015 - Valls slams Macron in public, saying in parliament that no-one should find "social, sociological and cultural excuses" for such attacks.
Dec 24, 2015 - Macron sends letter to Hollande and Valls pressing them to accelerate reforms to address economic and social issues in the wake of the attacks. The letter remains unanswered.
Jan 20, 2016 - "Macron 2" bill cancelled, measures chopped up and distributed to other ministers.
Feb 11, 2015 - Valls reshuffles government. Macron demoted a few places in protocol order.
March 12, 2016 - "Youth with Macron" think-tank launched, fuelling rumours about higher political ambitions.
April 6, 2016 - Macron launches "En Marche!" in their hometown of Amiens. Speculation grows that they have presidential ambitions
April 13, 2016 - Macron and their wife pictured on cover of the magazine Paris Match under headline "Together on the road to power".
April 14, 2016 - Hollande says Macron "knows what they owe me".
April 22, 2016 - Macron replies they are not Hollande's "yes-man".
May 28, 2016 - Macron launches door-to-door campaign across France to canvass views on how France should change.
July 12, 2016 - Macron tells rally in Paris that they will go "all the way", in comments seen by some Socialists as provocation to Hollande just two days before their traditional presidential address on Bastille Day.
July 14, 2016 - Nice attacks. It later emerges that Macron postpones as a result their plan to resign from government.
Aug 11, 2016 - New Paris Match cover with Macron and their wife Brigitte in swimming suits. "Love holiday before the offensive" is the headline.
Aug 30, 2016 - Macron resigns from government.
Sept 2016 - Source close to Macron tells Reuters they are thinking of fielding En Marche candidates in all 577 constituencies for the 2017 election. Says Macron thinks there is only a 50 percent chance Hollande will run for a second term Ministers, conservative camp step up attacks on him.
Oct 4, 2016 - Macron holds rally in Strasbourg to present their "diagnosis" for the country. Two others follow in Le Mans and Montpellier.
Nov 16, 2016 - Macron officially declares bid for presidency.
Nov 27, 2016 - Fillon wins conservative presidential ticket
Dec 1, 2016 - Hollande says will not seek re-election.
Dec 5, 2016 - Valls launches bid for Socialist nomination.
Dec 10, 2016 - Macron holds big rally in Paris, 10,000 people attend.
Jan 24, 2017 - Fillon hit by fake jobs allegations in Le Canard Enchaine.
Jan 29, 2017 - Leftist Benoit Hamon wins Socialist primaries, Valls eliminated.
Feb 1, 2017 - Macron overtakes Fillon in the presidential polls, seen qualifying for the second round alongside far-right National Front leader Marine Le Pen and winning that run-off.
Feb 22, 2017 - Macron wins backing of veteran centrist Francois Bayrou, jumps 5 points in opinion polls in following days
April 23, 2017 - France holds first round of the presidential election. The two top performers will then go through to a final round on May 7. Macron, who has clung to their lead in opinion polls in recent weeks, is expected to be one of those two candidates.
(Compiled by Michel Rose; Editing by Andrew Callus and Gareth Jones)
UPDATE 1-U.S. beef speeds to China by air as trade deal ends 14-year ban
CHICAGO, June 14 The first shipment of U.S. beef to China under a new trade deal went airborne on Wednesday, a Nebraska meat company said, just two days after Washington finalized details to resume exports, ending a 14-year ban.
The SAPS's continued and persistent efforts in eradicating the proliferation of firearms in the Mount Road policing cluster has resulted in the confiscation of firearms and drugs.
On 13 August 2017, at about 01:30 Walmer crime prevention members were performing special duties when they noticed a Toyota Conquest driving in 17th Avenue Walmer. The vehicle with 5 occupants was stopped. Police noticed that the one male occupant handed a firearm to the other male person.
Both males were arrested for possession of an illegal firearm and ammunition. The other male was found in possession of dagga. The three suspects were arrested and detained. They are expected to appear in court on 14 August 2017.
During the stop and search operations members from the OCC also confiscated a gas gun.
The Cluster Commander for Mount Road Cluster, Maj Gen Funeka Siganga has applauded the members that were involved in the arrests and confiscations. ‘These successes are attributed to the commitment and dedication of our members in ensuring the safety of our citizens. Our members are working tirelessly to bring criminals to book and we will ensure that, through our investigations, criminals are successfully prosecuted and sent to prison,' added Maj Gen Siganga.
South Africa Today – South Africa News
(Adds details of results, background)
ZURICH May 2 Shower toilet and plumbing supplies maker Geberit reported on Tuesday a 2.1 percent year-on-year rise in first quarter net profit, helped by what it said was a largely positive environment in the construction industry.
Geberit, which makes products for wash basins, showers and urinals, is seen as a bellwether for the broader construction industry. It gets around a third of its sales from new building projects and two thirds from renovation work.
The Swiss company posted net profit of 153.4 million Swiss francs ($154.06 million) for the first three months of 2017, meeting analyst estimates of 153 million francs in a Reuters poll. It reported a figure of 150.3 million francs a year earlier.
Sales rose 2.6 percent to 737.1 million francs from 718.6 million francs a year earlier. Analysts had forecast a figure of 747 million francs.
It said sales in all of its regions had grown during the three months to March 31. Europe - its largest region - increased sales by 6.2 percent when adjusted for currency fluctuations and sales of fringe businesses.
The company said the construction industry "should develop favourably" in 2017, although with countries seeing differing performances.
"In Europe, the recovery that began in the previous year should continue," Geberit said. "Overall, a favourable market environment is expected for Germany, the Nordic Countries, Switzerland, Austria, France, the Benelux Countries and the countries of Eastern Europe."
The German construction industry association has previously reported a solid start to the year, with sales up 6.8 percent in the first two months of 2017 despite unfavourable weather.
Geberit said it expected the situation in Italy to stabilise, but uncertainty surrounding Britain's vote to quit the European Union would weigh on construction there.
In North America, it expects stagnation in public sector construction and moderate residential construction, while the construction industry in the Gulf would continue to see low activity due to the depressed oil price.
Geberit said its results were hit by the strong Swiss franc, which along with slightly higher raw materials cost will affect sales and earnings in the rest of the year. Geberit is a big buyer of copper, polystyrene and plastics it uses in its piping systems.
($1 = 0.9957 Swiss francs) (Reporting by John Revill; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LONDON May 2 Four banks have underwritten a debt financing backing the acquisition of publicly-listed Hong Kong-based international schools operator Nord Anglia Education , banking sources said.
Nord Anglia said it would be taken private by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board (CPPIB) and Baring Private Equity Asia on April 25, in a deal that values the company at US$4.3bn, including debt.
Deutsche Bank, HSBC, Credit Suisse and Macquarie have underwritten a debt financing which is expected to be in the form of leveraged loans, denominated in dollars and euros, the banking sources said.
The financing will be syndicated to investors in the US and Europe and is expected to be welcomed by the cash-rich buyside hungry for event-driven paper, amid a dearth of new issuance this year.
CPPIB, Baring Private Equity Asia and Nord Anglia were not immediately available to comment.
Baring has a 67% stake in Nord Anglia, which operates 43 schools in 15 countries.
The deal includes a so-called go-shop period, during which Nord Anglia can evaluate proposals from other buyers for 30 days. (Editing by Christopher Mangham)
Partnership kicks off on World MS Day on May 30 at Remington College
Media Contact
Wellons Communications
***@wellonscommunications.com
4073390879 Wellons Communications4073390879
End
-- Nonprofit Remington College will mark World MS Day on May 30 in a big way—by rolling out its partnership with the National Multiple Sclerosis Society.World MS Day is meant to raise awareness for those affected by multiple sclerosis. Remington College will participate at its 15 campuses nationwide. The college will also put on a fundraiser, asking students, staff and instructors to donate $5 and wear orange, the color of MS awareness. There will be a door decorating contest and activities to share facts about the disease and how it affects people.But Remington College's partnership isn't meant to be just for a day. The college will continue to support the National MS Society throughout the year. Remington College employees will participate in or volunteer at the National MS Society's annual Walk MS and Bike MS events in their local areas.Remington College is further enhancing its commitment by paying employees for the time they spend volunteering for the Society.As a nonprofit itself, giving back is at the heart of Remington College's mission. The organization already offers numerous community activities at each of its campuses, including blood drives, free haircuts for kids, free teeth cleanings and free makeovers for high school students headed to prom."Giving back is a priority at each of our campuses and through many of our programs, but we wanted to do more," said Heather McIver, Vice President Institutional Innovation. "Joining hands with the National MS Society allows us to unify Remington College students and employees across the country behind one extremely worthy cause. We're excited to see how this partnership ripples out and makes a difference."Multiple sclerosis is a disease in which the body's immune system is directed against the central nervous system, damaging the myelin that surrounds nerve fibers. Symptoms include blurred vision, loss of balance, slurred speech, numbness, and more. There is no cure.The National MS Society's mission is to stop MS in its tracks, restore what has been lost and end MS forever so those affected can live their best lives.For more information about the National MS Society, visit www.nationalmssociety.org For more information about Remington College, visit www.remingtoncollege.edu Non-profit Remington College, headquartered in Lake Mary, FL operates 15 college campuses throughout the United States offering career focused diploma, bachelor and associate degree programs in a variety of career fields. For more information, please visit remingtoncollege.edu (http://www.remingtoncollege.edu/). For the latest news about Remington College, visit facebook.com/remingtoncollege (http://www.facebook.com/remingtoncollege). Remington College does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national and ethnic origin in administration of its educational policies, admissions policies, scholarship and loan programs and other school administered programs. OH REG # 11-01-1958TLauren SedamWellons Communications407-339-0879Lauren@wellonscommunications.com
LONDON Gulf Keystone Petroleum, an oil producer in Iraq's Kurdistan region, managed to lower its annual losses after cost cuts and a debt-for-equity deal that saved the company but uncertainty remains over raising output from its main oilfield.
Gulf Keystone reported an annual pretax loss of $17 million on Thursday, down from a $213 million loss in 2015 after it swapped $500 million of debt for equity last year and made stringent cost cuts.
Having turned a corner financially, doubts remain over whether it will be able to make needed investments in time to prevent a natural production drop at its Shaikan oilfield.
Gulf Keystone said discussions were still ongoing with the Iraqi Kurdistan Ministry of Natural Resources about regular payments for, and the marketing of, oil exports. An agreement is expected by mid-year, it said.
"The company is in better shape post restructuring with Shaikan performing well, although the outlook remains uncertain with further clarity on payment required before it can commit to proper capex spend," said analysts at Cenkos Securities.
Shares in Gulf Keystone were down 2.8 percent at 0726 GMT.
Gulf Keystone said it had a cash balance of $112.7 million as of Wednesday, meaning it has enough money available to invest in increasing production at Shaikan once the necessary agreement with the government is in place.
If it cannot make needed investments, Gulf Keystone said annual production would come in at the lower end of its guidance range of 32,000 to 38,000 barrels per day (bpd). That would mean a drop from its 2016 average of 34,794 bpd.
At the height of its financial troubles last year, Gulf Keystone was approached by fellow Iraqi Kurdistan oil producer DNO with a $300 million takeover offer for the company that was once worth $3 billion.
Gulf Keystone went through with its restructuring instead.
"We don't need a deal in M&A. We can dictate our own future and that's what I'm planning to do," Chief Executive Jon Ferrier told Reuters.
They declined to comment on whether other potential suitors had had access to the company's data.
(Editing by David Holmes and Jason Neely)
U.S. mortgage bonds hold gains after details on Fed balance sheet plan
NEW YORK, June 14 Prices on U.S. mortgage-backed securities clung to their earlier gains on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve signaled it planned to reduce its reinvestments in Treasuries and MBS later this year in a bid to shrink its $4.5 trillion balance sheet.
* Euro recovers after dip on comments from ECB's Draghi
* Flash inflation nears 2 percent
* Euro still held back by risks from French elections
* Swedish crown hit by weak retail sales after Riksbank blow
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
By Patrick Graham
LONDON, April 28 Strong inflation numbers drove the euro close to 5-1/2 month highs on Friday, turning markets back towards the prospect of a tightening of European Central Bank policy a day after it warned of substantial barriers to sustained higher price growth.
Official flash estimates put euro zone inflation at 1.9 percent in the first quarter, on the verge of crossing over the bank's target of below but close to 2 percent, and above estimates for a rise of 1.8 percent. According to standard EU measures, in Italy it was 2 percent.
That, allied with another batch of solid growth numbers from Spain, helped drive the euro as high as $1.0947 in morning trade in Europe, within inches of highs of $1.09515 hit this week after the first round of France's presidential election.
That followed a dip for the single currency on Thursday after ECB chief Mario Draghi took a cautious line and encouraged talk that the bank will seek to cap any gains for the currency for fear of undermining hard-won rises in prices.
Oanda strategist Craig Erlam was among those arguing that the bank will be able to do more in June to point to a reining-in of its ultra-loose policy later in the year, pushing up the market interest rates that investors get for holding euros.
"With Draghi acknowledging this (inflation) spike in yesterday's press conference, it's unlikely that it's going to change the outlook as far as the ECB is concerned," Erlam said.
"But it will likely feed into the discussion come June, when many think the central bank will start planning for future tapering of its asset purchases."
By 1116 GMT, the euro had gained 0.6 percent to $1.0932, pushing the euro-dominated dollar index down a quarter of a percent to 98.821.
The end of last year was dominated by expectations of a Donald Trump-driven surge in growth, inflation and interest rates in the United States but that faith - and the dollar gains it inspired - have waned this year.
Instead, the dollar index has fallen in three of the past four months as signs grow that European banks, companies and consumers are finally getting back on their feet, encouraging expectations of higher euro zone rates.
CIBC strategist Jeremy Stretch said next weekend's second round of presidential elections in France was likely to weigh on the euro but could also be the trigger for a bigger push higher if centrist Emmanuel Macron makes good on poll predictions of a clear victory.
"We are in a holding pattern, waiting for the monetary tightening we have been talking about to come back fully onto the agenda," Stretch said.
"Draghi was clearly reluctant to sanction a changing of guidance with the risk of pushing the euro higher (but) once we get beyond next weekend it may be the time for the euro to have a little bit more of an upswing."
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets (Additional reporting by Tokyo markets team; Editing by Mark Heinrich)
April 3Zhejiang Xiantong Rubber & Plastic Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 75 percent to 85 percent, or to be 58.9 million yuan to 62.2 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (33.6 million yuan)
* Says increased revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/WTBM6d
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
A pedestrian walks past the SNC-Lavalin Group Inc., headquarters in Montreal, May 7, 2009. REUTERS/Christinne Muschi
Canadian engineering and construction company SNC-Lavalin Group Inc (SNC.TO) has offered to buy WS Atkins (ATKW.L) for about 2.1 billion pounds ($2.6 billion), the British engineering and consultancy firm said on Monday.
Atkins said SNC planned to offer 2,080 pence per share in cash, 35 percent above Atkins' closing share price on Friday.
"The board of Atkins has indicated to SNC-Lavalin that the possible offer would deliver value to Atkins shareholders at a level that the Board would be prepared to recommend, subject to reaching agreement on the other terms and conditions of the offer," Atkins said in a statement.
The boards are discussing other terms and conditions of the possible offer which is conditional upon diligence and financing, Atkins added.
Atkins' shares jumped to a new high of 2,004 pence following news of the proposal. They were up 29 percent at 1,986 pence in afternoon trading in London.
In January, the stock rose sharply after media reports said the group had been approached by U.S. peer CH2M about a possible $4 billion merger.
Moelis & Co and JPMorgan are advising Atkins.
Last month, SNC Chief Executive Officer Neil Bruce said the company has been weighing acquisitions to boost growth. It has also been cutting costs in order to lift margins at its core engineering and construction division.
Canadian companies have been aggressively looking for deals outside the country, driving outbound mergers and acquisitions to record levels in recent years.
Montreal-based SNC's shares were halted in Toronto following the Atkins statement.
(Reporting by Rahul B in Bengaluru and John Tilak in Toronto; Editing by Mark Potter and Bernadette Baum)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - PARAGON BANKING GROUP PLC :
* ‍CHAIRMAN, BOB DENCH, WILL BE STEPPING DOWN FROM BOARD​
* ‍DENCH WILL JOIN CO-OPERATIVE BANK AS ITS CHAIRMAN ON 14 MARCH, WILL REMAIN AS CHAIRMAN OF PARAGON UNTIL Their SUCCESSOR HAS BEEN APPOINTED​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This is the first picture of a man who killed their brother-in-law before driving their body to a police station.
Paranoid schizophrenic Sukhwinder Singh was arrested by officers from West Bromwich Police station after they found body of 39-year-old Harish Kumar in a BMW.
Singh had driven around with the body for a number of hours before they stopped on the police station car park on August 10 last year.
(Image: West Mids Police)
Mr Kumar from Willenhall, had suffered a stab wound to the chest.
Singh, 41, of MacDonalds Close, Sandwell, had initially denied murdering Mr Kumar but later admitted manslaughter at Wolverhampton Crown Court .
Singh will be sentenced on June 29 at the same court.
The prosecution accepted that Singh was suffering from paranoid schizophrenia at the time of the killing.
Wearing a red T-shirt, Singh, of MacDonald Close in Tividale, followed proceedings through a Punjabi interpreter and pleaded guilty to manslaughter by diminished responsibility.
Prosecutor Nigel Power QC told the judge medical experts had said: “The defendant's psychotic beliefs contributed to and explained the killing.”
Judge Michael Challinor told Singh: “Following your plea you will be sentenced on June 29 and I am going to direct you are produced in good time that day for sentence.
“I have no doubt you will co-operate now you are being medicated.”
Paying tribute to Mr Kumar, their family said they were “a great, yet very humble man”.
In a statement issued through police, a relative said: “He was always there to help and they will be sadly missed - I just can't believe that we've lost him.”
Bungie on Tuesday during a Twitch livestream unveiled the second major expansion for Destiny 2. Dubbed Warmind, the add-on will introduce new narratives, features, enemies, items and more.
The new DLC is set on Mars albeit in an area that gamers haven't previously explored – Hellas Basin. Here, players will travel across massive glaciers, through rocky red caverns and into Hive-infested caves in search of new gear and to test themselves against new enemies.
One of the expansion's key highlights is a new endgame, player-triggered public event called Escalation Protocol. Accessible only after completing the campaign (although you can join in on someone else's game), this mode will see players square off against waves of Hive enemies with rotating bosses. Reward chests will spawn after the third, fifth and seventh waves, offering gamers a meaningful reason to participate.
Elsewhere, Destiny's PvP multiplayer mode – Crucible – is getting private matches and two types of player rankings. There's also new exotic weapons and armor pieces, an emote wheel, a new story campaign and more.
Destiny 2 landed on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One on September 6, 2017, before finding its way to Windows PC the following month. The game's first expansion, Curse of Osiris, launched shortly after on December 5.
Warmind is set to arrive on PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC on May 8 priced at $19.99.
- A Six-Pack Challenge with Luke Harper, Erick Rowan, Sami Zayn, Jinder Mahal, Mojo Rawley and Dolph Ziggler will take place on this week's WWE SmackDown. The winner will earn a future title shot at the winner of the "House of Horrors" match between Bray Wyatt and WWE Champion Randy Orton at the April 30th Payback pay-per-view.
- WWE taped the following matches tonight in Columbus for this week's Main Event episode:
* Titus O'Neil vs. Curtis Axel
* Ariya Daivari and Tony Nese vs. Gran Metalik and Lince Dorado
Main Event spoilers for this week are at this link.
- New SmackDown Superstar Charlotte Flair, who went over to the blue brand in last week's "Superstar Shakeup" event, tweeted the following on missing tonight's RAW:
The first #Raw I have missed in almost 2 years. #BitterSweet — Charlotte Flair (@MsCharlotteWWE) April 17, 2017
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
April 5 Aralez Pharmaceuticals Inc:
* Aralez announces reduction in U.S. Sales force and cost savings program
* Aralez Pharmaceuticals Inc - 32 pct reduction in U.S. sales force
* Aralez Pharmaceuticals Inc - reduction in sales force is expected to reduce current annual run rate of operating expenses by approximately $7.5 million
* Aralez Pharmaceuticals Inc - sales force restructuring is expected to yield savings for 2017 and beyond
* Aralez Pharmaceuticals Inc - strategic realignment of resources with an emphasis on zontivity launch
* Aralez Pharmaceuticals says as a result of sales force reduction, anticipates it will incur cash severance costs of approximately $0.6 million in q2 of 2017
* Aralez Pharmaceuticals Inc - company intends to communicate details of the plan in its q1 2017 earnings release to be issued in early May 2017
* Aralez Pharma- plan includes realignment of certain financial resources to support phased launch of zontivity that is expected to begin in mid-april
* Aralez Pharmaceuticals Inc says is in process of finalizing its overall cost savings plan
* Aralez Pharmaceuticals Inc - cost savings plan includes significant decrease in marketing spend on yosprala
* Aralez Pharma-has begun other initiatives expected to reduce spending across business, some of which were already assumed in previously issued financial guidance Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
SALE - Sale, the long-forgotten neighbour of Moroccoâ€™s capital, Rabat, is a dormant touristic city with an impressive diversity of historic treasures. Separated from Rabat by the Bou Regreg River, the historic city of Sale is awash with monuments and shrines.
The enclosure of Saleâ€™s ancient medina is formed by fortified walls, ramparts and bastions that were classified historical monuments in 1914. One of the medinaâ€™s main gates is Bab Lamrissa, also known as Bab Mellah, which leads to the quarter in which Moroccan Jews used to live. Very few Jews still live in the medina like in all mellahs of Moroccoâ€™s ancient cities.
The medina sounded quiet with a handful of foreign tourists roaming the streets. As I walked down the alleyways, I was shocked by the number of decaying houses that desperately needed restoration.
However, as soon as I approached Sebta Street, I stumbled upon the traditional character of its old shops and souks as the colours of fresh fruit and vegetables, olives and spices adorned the bustling street.
The smell of freshly baked Moroccan pancakes, also called msemen, was so irresistible that I stopped for a quick bite before visiting the cityâ€™s famous souks.
Souk Lakbir, which used to be a market of Christian slaves, is specialised in the sale of traditional fabrics and clothes, such as slippers and djellabas. Souk Al-Ghazal is the largest square in the city. It is an auction market where people sell used clothes and trade coloured wool.
Sale is famous for its iconic Great Mosque, the third largest mosque in Morocco after Hassan II mosque in Casablanca and Al Qaraouiyine in Fez, and the second oldest mosque, after Al Qaraouiyine.
I felt the architectural grandeur of the Almohads when I entered the 11th-century mosque. The symmetrical white arches fill the prayer hall with bronze chandeliers lighting its high ceiling.
Among Saleâ€™s most important mausoleums is Sidi Abdellah Ben Hassoun. Female worshippers sitting by the saintâ€™s grave were praying for God to alleviate their worries and problems.
Medersa des Merinides is a stoneâ€™s throw from the Great Mosque. Its Kufic and ceramic polychrome writings besides carvings on the cedar wooden ceiling make it one of the wonders of the monuments of the Merinid era thanks to its architectural perfection.
Many shrines in Sale, such as Sidi Ahmed al-Tijani Zawiya, opposite the Great Mosque, served as centres for religious education and prayers. The shrines reflect Moroccoâ€™s long attachment to the spirituality of Islam.
My visit to the medina ended at Borj Edoumoue (Bastion of Tears), a 5-minute walk from the Great Mosque. This military bastion is one of the main ramparts of the walled medina. Overlooking the Atlantic, Borj Edoumoueâ€™s rusted iron cannons are an example of authoritiesâ€™ negligence of the countryâ€™s priceless history.
I had the bastion for myself for 15 minutes before a German couple turned up for a quick visit for 10 dirhams each (about $1). The bastion offers a beautiful view over the ancient medina of Rabat.
A prison, built under the bastion by fearsome Sale pirates used to be filled with slaves who were sold in North African markets. It reminds us of a city that was renowned for being an international hub of piracy, looting and slavery for centuries.
I headed to Souk El Oulja, almost a 10-minute drive from Bab Mrissa. Surprisingly, very few tourists were roaming the complex, which is famous for Moroccoâ€™s finest handicrafts, including pottery and wrought iron.
Mosaic garden tables and chairs, vases, jewellery, plates and palm leaf bags are on display. Visitors are spoiled for choice in the dozen shops. They also can watch blacksmiths and potters craft original works. However, some shops clearly display â€œNo photographyâ€‌ signs.
Unfortunately, tourism seems to be dead in Sale, which is full of cultural and architectural assets and historical monuments. Hopefully, the Rabat-Sale Marina and the construction of Africaâ€™s tallest skyscraper on the banks of the Bou Regreg will boost tourism in the neglected city.
Self-driving cars and trucks are everywhere, it seems. Especially in the news.
We were inundated this week with media reports about huge progress on the autonomous vehicle front.
The press reported that Google — I mean Waymo — ordered “thousands” of minivans to build a fleet of autonomous vehicles that will ferry members of Waymo's “early rider program.” The company — Alphabet's self-driving car startup that used to be part of Google — is already ferrying passengers around a small neighborhood in Phoenix — and with no drivers in the cars. Self-driving cars are also carrying passengers in Boston, Pittsburgh and elsewhere.
Even Apple reportedly expanded its experimental fleet from three to 27 vehicles.
Meanwhile, the Canadian company Suncor Energy said it plans to eliminate around 400 heavy-equipment operator positions over the next six years and introduce a fleet of self-driving trucks for oil sand mining. The trucks can mine 24 hours a day, except for when they're adding fuel.
Will all this autonomous-vehicle news happening in a single week, surely self-driving cars are just around the corner, right?
Not so fast.
What will slow down autonomous Ubers
A Silicon Valley startup claims to be the world's first real-world application of autonomous driving. If the claim is true, it beat Waymo, Tesla, Apple, the global car industry and all the other Silicon Valley startups.
The startup is called Udelv. This week it delivered groceries to two customers of a local store called Draeger's Market. The delivery van drove autonomously from the store to the customers' houses, although (as required by California law) a “safety driver” sat in the driver's seat during the delivery.
I talked to Udelv CEO Daniel Laury, and they told me the delivery was “a huge milestone.” Draeger's Market deliveries go online to the public “next week,” according to Laury.
The “milestone” Laury refers to is commercialization.
He's saying that Udelv is the first company to actually use autonomous vehicles for a service that's paid for by a customer (in this case, the grocery store).
Udelv's model shows how autonomous deliveries could work on a massive scale.
Its custom, proprietary electric vehicles are basically robotic lockers. Each van has 18 lockers that can carry a collective weight of 700 pounds. When the van gets within a few minutes of a customer's house, that customer receives an alert via the company's free app (currently available on iOS, with the Android version coming soon, according to Laury).
Once the van arrives, customers use the app to unlock the compartment that holds their groceries.
The Udelv fleet is monitored by a control room of humans, who can take over in “unique situations” and drive the vans by remote control if necessary.
Udelv monetizes with a simple model. It charges companies to make deliveries. Its goal is to cut the cost of deliveries in half, according to Laury.
Udelv also plans to expand beyond Silicon Valley and seek out autonomous-vehicle-friendly states to set up shop in.
Another interesting autonomous-delivery company emerged into partial sunlight this week. A secretive Silicon Valley startup called Nuro unveiled its electric self-driving vehicles, and they're pretty extreme looking.
Nuro Nuro's self-driving, custom delivery vans enhance safety by being much lighter, narrower and slower than an average passenger car.
Nuro vehicles are about as long from front to back as an SUV, but they're skinny and light. Nuro vans are about 3.5 feet wide, and weigh about 1,500 pounds — a fraction of what an average car weighs.
Nuro cars can carry about 250 pounds total, and they can carry a variety of things, from groceries to dry cleaning to Amazon packages.
The company, which plans to be in operation no later than this year, is currently in talks with several retailers, according to press reports.
Why delivery beats taxis
The best measure of progress toward our self-driving automotive future may be the California DMV's annual “disengagement” report.
The state of California allows autonomous car and truck testing, but requires “safety drivers” — a human driver who can quickly take over the driving if the autonomous systems fail.
“Disengagement” is when a human takes over. The DMV's disengagement report year over year shows progress in the ability of self-driving cars to drive without intervention. For example, the report reveals that Waymo now averages around one engagement for every 5,555 miles driven — an improvement over 2016.
However, if Waymo's vehicles were on the same test routes and carrying passengers without a safety driver, there would be an accident or problem every 5,555 miles — which isn't acceptable.
In other words, that rate of disengagement tells us that self-driving cars are significantly more dangerous right now than cars driven by people.
In circumstances where Waymo and others are actually carrying passengers without drivers, the routes are limited to tiny neighborhoods with clear street patterns that have been heavily mapped and tested by Waymo.
Meanwhile, self-driving delivery vans are already ready for prime time, and for four reasons:
Delivery vans can take the time to cope with road scenarios that confuse A.I. They can drive slowly, stop, take time to process the scene, even call for human help. Passengers wouldn't tolerate these stops and slowdowns. They don't put passengers at risk because there are no passengers. They also reduce risk for people outside the vehicles — pedestrians, bicyclists and other motorists. The reasons are that delivery vans can be slower, smaller and lighter. Nuro vehicles weigh a fraction of the weight of an average car, and they're way skinnier. These facts reduce both the likelihood of accident (say, striking a bicyclist passing in the car's lane) and the impact should an accident occur. They can operate at optimal times. While passenger vehicles might have maximum demand during rush hours, delivery vehicles can choose the best times for delivery.
The fact is we're at least a decade away from fully autonomous passenger cars that can go anywhere regular cars can go. But self-driving delivery vans are already serving customers.
That should serve as a wake-up call to enterprises that make deliveries.
The time to investigate this new technology is now. The opportunities for small, slow delivery vehicles are huge and coming fast.
April 6 Erne Ventures SA:
* Said on Wednesday that It's signed a letter of intent (LoI) and acquired shares in Fat Dog Games
* Under the agreement the company to invest 1 million zlotys ($251,686) and eventually reach 50 pct stakes in Fat Dog Games
* The company also declared that within the next two years level of investment in Fat Dog Games will reach 5 million zlotys
* It also plans within that period to transform Fat Dog Games into a joint stock company and list it on a stock exchange
* Until now Fat Dog Games was a producer and publisher of its own games, as a result of the investment Fat Dog Games is also to finance independent game development teams
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9732 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
Contact
Lauren Drummond
***@comcast.net Lauren Drummond
End
-- Contact:Lauren Drummondwww.putnamcountywinefest.compress@putnamcountywinefest.com800-557-4185, Ext 3– The Putnam County Wine & Food Fest (PCWFF) is proud to announce the launch of their festival App. The convenient and practical app allows participants, for example, wineries, distillers, and ciders to easily update their own information, including what wines, spirits, and ciders they're serving. When they make a change, it instantly updates the app. The administrator for the festival can also add and edit all the details, either with their phone or tablet, which instantly updates the app. Created by WineReach, the App is now available for free download in the Apple App store and Google Play Store."This app allows us to reach a much wider and diverse audience. At a time when people enjoy apps and the simplicity of them, we are happy to now be part of that growing market," said President/Founder, Lauren Drummond. "This is an exciting milestone for the Putnam County Wine & Food Fest and will enable the company to become more competitive than ever. This App will make the process of obtaining essential information needed to market all participants, updates on schedules, etc."This two-day festival will be held on Saturday, August 12, 11am to 6pm and Sunday, August 13, 11am to 5pm, 2017, at the Irons & Wine Restaurant and Westview Golf Driving Range (3191 Route 22, Patterson, NY). The Fest will highlight New York's and beyond most renowned wine, hard cider, spirit producers, food, arts, and crafts, culinary demonstrations, local and international artists."The PCWFF is my favorite type of festival, one that introduces me to local artisans and craftsmen that put everything they have into their product -- not into an advertising budget. It's festivals like the Putnam County Wine & Food Fest that have introduced me to some of my favorite wines, and it's the reason I created the WineReach App, to help local festivals reach as many people as possible," said Billy Baughman, Founder.Putnam County Wine & Food Fest's current sponsors and partners include: Hudson Valley Wine Magazine, HamletHub, Durant's Tent Rentals, Premiere Transportation and Verizon.While the event is a private, for profit event, Putnam County Wine & Food Fest partners with local charities and this year's charity is Green Chimneys which affords them the opportunity to use a code to receive 60% of all sales tracked to code!The Putnam County Wine & Food Fest is still accepting sponsorship, vendor, and volunteer applications.Sign up for email alerts to get all the details as they are announced at www.putnamcountywinefest.com . For additional information about the event, and sponsorships, please contact sponsor@putnamcountywinefest.com, vendor@putnamcountywinefest.com. For information on becoming a volunteer, contact volunteer@putnamcountywinefest.com. Follow us on Twitter (@winefoodfest)or like us on Facebook (Facebook.com/PutnamCountyWineFest), to stay in the loop on prize giveaways, vendor information, and all things wine and food related in the Hudson Valley.Tickets are on sale now and going fast! Buy your tickets here: https://www.eventbrite.com/ e/putnam-county- wine-food-fest... The fest brings together a multi-cultural audience while highlighting regional vineyards, local craft brewery, farmers, and arts and crafts coupled with highlighting an international mix of music and food. The fest is accessible to all transportation modes.WineReach was developed to help wine festivals with community outreach and sponsorship revenue. The app allows festivals the ability to update festival details in real-time. Wineries and other festival participants also can update product information in real-time. The WineReach system, offered at no charge to non-profit festivals, is made possible by the generous support of festival sponsors. Billy Baughman started WineReach in 2016 after spending the previous twenty-five years in the entertainment business as a producer and executive producer. They have been responsible for feature films, commercials, and most recently as executive producer of a social media content company, where they produced award winning viral videos. An avid endurance athlete, Billy recently completed the Santa Rosa Ironman, where they biked through the vineyards of the Russian River, Dry Creek, and Alexander Valleys. They couldn't have been happier. For further information, contact: Billy Baughman, WineReachApp.com, 323.546.9490.
The FireEye logo is seen outside the company's offices in Milpitas, California, December 29, 2014. REUTERS/Beck Diefenbach
Cybersecurity firm FireEye Inc reported a surprise 3.4 percent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by strength in its product subscription and services business.
FireEye's shares jumped 13.8 percent to $13.90 after the bell on Tuesday.
The company's billings, a closely watched indicator of future business, fell 18 percent to $152.4 million in the first quarter, compared with a fall of 14 percent in the previous quarter.
However, billings in the latest quarter beat analysts' estimates of $142.5 million, according to financial data and analytics firm FactSet.
FireEye expects billings of $173 million-$179 million in the second quarter, above analysts' estimate of $170.9 million.
The company is amid a transition to a software-as-a-service model (SaaS) from its traditional business that centered around the sale of hardware boxes.
"The revenue level looks like it could be stabilizing, you're probably seeing a change in complexion of the revenue towards more subscription and services," Wedbush Securities analyst Steve Koenig said.
FireEye remains confident of renewed growth in the second half of 2017, helped by the introduction of products such as the Helix platform, which combines network processing and analytics with endpoint analytics.
"We fully expect in the fourth quarter that we're going to be non-GAAP profitable, and then you would expect that to be the case from 2018 on," FireEye Chief Financial Officer Frank Verdecanna said in an interview on Tuesday.
The Milpitas, California-based company also forecast revenue of $173 million to $179 million for the current quarter. Analysts on average were expecting revenue of $173.31 million, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
FireEye, which provides web, email and malware security to businesses and governments, said its revenue rose to $173.7 million in the quarter ended March 31, from $168 million in the year-earlier period.
Analysts on average had expected revenue to fall about 2.6 percent to $163.7 million.
Net loss attributable to the company's shareholders narrowed to $83 million, or 48 cents per share, from $155.9 million, or 98 cents per share.
Excluding items, FireEye reported a loss of 9 cents per share. Analysts were expecting a loss of 26 cents.
Through Tuesday's close, the stock had risen 2.6 percent, underperforming the 10.8 percent gain in the broader Nasdaq Composite index.
(Reporting by Narottam Medhora in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel and Martina D'Couto)
In the 20-10 preseason victory over the Oakland Raiders, the Arizona Cardinals maintained possession of the ball for over 35 minutes of game time. The combined effort of four quarterbacks resulted in two touchdown passes, while the defense made some significant moves to stop the Raiders.
But what was the play of the game? Here are some options, and you get to vote on the one you believe was the biggest play.
Carson Palmer's TD pass to Brittan Golden
The Cardinals offense, led by quarterback Carson Palmer, got things started early. On third and goal, Palmer wasn't going to settle for the first down, instead they threw a 12-yard pass through the middle into the hands of Brittan Golden.
BERLIN Muslims who migrate to Europe should understand that there are better places for them to live if they do not want to accept the European way of life, German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble said on Wednesday.
Such migrants who do not accept Europe's way of living should be told "you have made the wrong decision", Schaeuble said during a round table discussion in Berlin.
"There are better places in the world to live under Islamic law than Europe," they added.
Turning to the euro zone, they said that if European countries want to keep the euro, they must implement the common currency's framework of joint responsibility.
(Reporting by Gernot Heller; Writing by Paul Carrel; Editing by Alison Williams)
UPDATE 1-South Africa raises black ownership requirement for mining firms
PRETORIA, June 15 South Africa has raised the minimum threshold for black ownership of mining companies to 30 percent from 26 percent but has not decided if firms must retain that structure permanently, Mines Minister Mosebenzi Zwane said on Thursday.
Southampton's hopes of staying in the top half of the Premier League have been handed a welcome boost by the return of striker Manolo Gabbiadini ahead of their home clash with Manchester City on Saturday.
Gabbiadini joined Southampton from Italian side Napoli in January and enjoyed a superb start to life in England, scoring six goals in five games before injuring their groin against Tottenham Hotspur last month.
Southampton struggled in their first match without the 25-year-old when they were held 0-0 by Bournemouth but they have since rebounded with back-to-back wins after manager Claude Puel called on their players to take more responsibility.
"(Gabbiadini) is likely to come back into the squad and we will see if they can start, or perhaps come on in the second half of the game," Puel told a news conference on Thursday. "We will wait to see this in tomorrow's training session."
Puel will also have midfielder Steve Davis available again after a one-game absence as the Saints, ninth in the table, brace themselves for a tough run-in.
As well as the visit of fourth-placed City, they have tough trips to leaders Chelsea and Liverpool, as well as home games against Arsenal and Manchester United to come.
"I want my players to continue to improve because we want to finish the season in the top half of the table," Puel said.
(Reporting by Simon Jennings in Bengaluru; Editing by Ian Chadband)
Avenue recruits two high-profile contributing editors Michael Gross is padding the staff of avenues with two high-profile contributing editors. Anthony Haden-Guest, the well-known British journalist and raconteur about town, will ­contribute a weekly cartoon to the...
Avenue getting major facelift Four months after taking the reins of Avenue magazine, Editor-in-Chief Michael Gross will unleash a redesign on Friday, adding new columnists, updating its Web site and tweaking the logo for...
Avenue snags author Michael Gross for editor-in-chief gig Best-selling author and veteran journalist Michael Gross has landed the editor-in-chief job at Avenue, replacing Daisy Prince who had the job for four years. The magazine — which expanded to...
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead, including gunman, in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three people before fatally shooting themselves as officers closed in.
Terming Prime Minister Narendra Modi "Maun sahab" or one who keeps mum, Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi on Monday slammed them for not appointing a Lokpal and maintaining silence over charges of corruption against the government, including on BJP President Amit Shah's son Jay Shah.In their 13th question, as part of a series of posers to the BJP government at the Centre and Gujarat, Gandhi said "They promised to provide an accountable government. Then why have they sidelined the Lokpal? GSPC, electricity-metro scam, there is silence on the Shah-Zada (Amit Shah's son Jay Shah) and eagerness to fill the pockets of friends."The list is long and we are eagerly waiting for answers from the 'Maun saheb'. For whose 'acche din' (good days) did you form the government?."Polling for the first phase of Gujarat Assembly elections was held on December 9, the second phase is on December 14.Gandhi has earlier put posers on unemployment among youth, women safety, education, health, tribal issues, "undue benefit" to electricity companies, state debt and the Prime Minister's flagship 'Housing for All' scheme.
UPDATE 1-Co-owner of Formula One team Force India could face further charges, UK court told
LONDON, June 13 Vijay Mallya, the co-owner of Formula One team Force India, could face further charges and a second request to extradite them from Britain to India, a London court heard on Tuesday.
The Prime Minister is to meet all Northern Ireland's main parties as Stormont politicians continue to voice fears their anticipated parliamentary deal with the Democratic Unionists will undermine the peace process.
Theresa May will hold talks with the DUP, Sinn Fein, the SDLP, the Ulster Unionists and Alliance Party in separate engagements at Downing Street on Thursday afternoon.
The move comes amid concerns the Government will compromise its stated impartiality in the region if it enters a confidence and supply deal with the DUP at Westminster.
Sir John Major is one of those urging caution.
Sinn Fein, the SDLP and Alliance have all made clear Northern Ireland Secretary James Brokenshire cannot chair the ongoing process to restore powersharing at Stormont due to their perception they have a conflict of interest.
The 1998 Good Friday Agreement commits the UK and Irish governments to demonstrate “rigorous impartiality” in their dealings with the different political traditions in Northern Ireland.
Sinn Fein's Stormont leader Michelle O'Neill said: “I will be making it very clear that any deal between the Tories and the DUP cannot be allowed to undermine the Good Friday and subsequent agreements.”
The DUP continue to hammer out the details of the deal with the Tories.
The announcement of any agreement is set to be delayed because of the tragic fire in a London tower block.
A DUP source said: “Our discussions are continuing.”
Mr Brokenshire, who will also attend the Downing Street exchanges, characterised the meetings as a contribution to the three-week process to restore devolution.
“The UK government is offering whatever support we can, working alongside the Irish government, as appropriate, honouring our respective commitments in the Belfast Agreement to serve the interests of the whole community in Northern Ireland,” they said.
“There is very little time left. An agreement to restore devolved powersharing government in Stormont must be reached by the 29 June deadline.
“Ultimately, I think the parties understand people voted in the March Assembly elections for a strong voice at Stormont.
“Northern Ireland's political leaders now have it in their hands to take control and shape a brighter future for everyone in Northern Ireland.”
Mrs May needs the votes of the DUP's 10 MPs to prop up their minority administration as they hope to steer government business, including crucial measures on Brexit, through the Commons.
The proposed deal would see the DUP back the Conservatives in votes on the Budget and confidence motions.
Ministers have already said that the Queen's Speech may have to be set back from its scheduled date of next Monday June 19 because of the ongoing negotiations.
Mrs May is coming under intense pressure to change their approach to leaving the European Union, with predecessor David Cameron among those suggesting a softer stance with a greater effort to seek consensus.
With Brexit talks set to start in Brussels on Monday, former prime minister Mr Cameron said Mrs May would have to change their approach as a result of the election.
“It's going to be difficult. There's no doubt about that, but perhaps an opportunity to consult more widely with the other parties on how best we can achieve it,” they said at a conference in Poland.
“I think there will be pressure for a softer Brexit,” Mr Cameron added, saying that Parliament “deserves a say” on the issue.
They also suggested the Scottish Tories led by Ruth Davidson could add to the pressure on Mrs May to change course.
The Times reported that Chancellor Philip Hammond was preparing to fight for the UK to remain within the EU's customs union.
That would help safeguard jobs and trade with EU members but would severely restrict the UK's ability to strike its own trade deals around the world.
At a joint press conference with Mrs May in Paris on Tuesday night, France's President Emmanuel Macron suggested the door was still open for the UK to remain within the European Union.
Mrs May stressed Brexit would happen and the timetable remains on course.
They said: “I think there is a unity of purpose among people in the United Kingdom.
“It's a unity of purpose, having voted to leave the EU, that their Government gets on with that and makes a success of it, and we are committed to developing a deep and special partnership with the EU.”
MANHATTAN BEACH, Calif. — Facebook is the most downloaded app ever for Apple iPhones. Did your favorite app make the top 10?
The Apple iTunes App Store turns 10 on July 10, and to celebrate, market research firm AppAnnie compiled a list marking the trends of the last decade, including the most downloaded apps, the most money spent on them and the market share disparity between Apple's iOS operating system and Google's Android.
Since the iOS App Store opened in 2008, some 170 billion apps have been downloaded, and we've spent $130 billion on them. In other words, Apple and app makers have done really well together. Apple takes a 30% commission on every app sold or in-app purchase. And on the average, we have just over 100 apps installed on our iPhones and open just under 40 of them monthly.
Phones using the Android operating system dominate with an 85% market share, according to market research firm IDC, to just 15% for iOS, despite the iPhone being the far and away single best device seller. Because many Android models have a much lower retail price, there are many more Androids in use.
iPhone home screen
Jefferson Graham
Still, iOS apps represent 30% of all app downloads, to 70% for Android, says AppAnnie, but consumers are more likely to spend money buying apps or on in-app purchases via iOS to Google, 66% to 34%.
Games are the biggest moneymaker. They represent just 31% of downloads, but 75% of money spent on apps.
The most popular game downloads of all time are highlighted by Candy Crush Saga. The rest of the top 5:
— Subway Surfers.
— Fruit Ninja
— Clash of Clans
— Honour of KInds.
For overall apps, Facebook is the most popular app download, followed by:
— Facebook Messenger
— YouTube
— Instagran
— What's App
— Google Maps
— Snapchat
— Skype
— WeChat (Chinese messaging apps.)
— QQ (Chinese messaging app.)
AppAnnie didn't estimate individual download numbers in its rankings.
The non-game apps that bring in the most revenue all tend to be entertainment-related.
Streaming video service Netflix is no. 1, followed by:
— Spotify, the streaming music service.
— Pandora, the veteran music streamer.
— Tencent Video (from China)
— Tinder, the dating service.
As for the current top 10, it's more of the same, with a few name games you may have heard of.
— Hole.IO, the game is no. 1 on App Annie's chart, followed by:
— Instagram
— YouTube
— Facebook Messenger
— Snapchat
— Fortnite
— Facebook
— Helix Jump
— World Link
— Google Maps.
The top 3 markets for apps, by far, are the United States (40 billion downloaded in 2017) closely followed by China (39 billion) and Japan (9.5) to 8 billion in the United KIngdom and 4.5 billion in Russia.
While the U.S. average is 96 apps downloaded to our iPhones, France tops the list at 114 apps, with Mexico the lowest at 89. I have 298 apps—how many are on your iPhone? And which ones do you open daily? Let's talk about it on Twitter, where I'm @jeffersongraham.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
Twenty-one year old Kevon Johnson, a serving member of the Guyana Police Force attached to the Tactical Services Unit, appeared in the Georgetown Magistrates' Court to answer to a simple larceny charge.
The charge read by Magistrate Judy Latchman stated that on August 27,2017 at the Tactical Service Unit, Eve Leary, they stole one 9mm pistol valued at $375,000 and 10 live matching rounds valued at $1,650 total value $376,650 property of the Guyana Police Force.
Magistrate Latchman granted bail in the sum of $200,000 and ordered them to return to court on October 20, 2017.
Johnson , who was represented by Attorney-at-Law Melvin Duke denied the allegation against them while the attorney, in a bail application, told the court that their client ,who has been a serving member of the police force for the past three years, has been under close arrest for a while.
They further argued that their client is a license firearm holder from the GPF.
The prosecution did not object to bail but told the court that on the day in question police, acting on information received, went to Dem Amstel Old Road where they saw the defendant and a search was carried out and the items were found in their possession.
When questioned about the items, Johnson said that they found them.
March 30 Biondvax Pharmaceuticals Ltd
* Biondvax pharmaceuticals - approved for grant from Israel's Ministry of Economy and Industry to build facility for commercial scale production of universal flu vaccine
* Biondvax - plans to build mid-sized factory in Jerusalem, with potential capacity to annually produce up to tens of millions of doses of M-001
* Biondvax - five completed phase 1/2 and phase 2 human clinical trials have shown vaccine to be safe and immunogenic to multiple flu strains Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
DUBAI A court in Yemen's Houthi-controlled capital Sanaa has sentenced a veteran reporter to death for spying for the group's main enemy Saudi Arabia, Houthi media and a journalists' association have reported.
Yahya Abdulraqeeb Al-Jubaihi was accused of establishing contacts with the Saudi embassy in Sanaa and sending it reports that endangered Yemen on the military, economic and political levels, the Houthi-controlled Saba news agency reported.
Saba said Al-Jubaihi who was arrested on Sept. 2016, had received 4,500 Saudi riyals ($1,200) a month for their services since 2010.
The decision by the State Security court in the capital Sanaa was reported on late Wednesday by the Houthi-controlled Saba news agency and by the Yemen Journalists' Syndicate (YJS), a body that represents journalists.
"YJS strongly condemns this unconstitutional and extralegal sentence that ... brought Yemen back to a totalitarian and despotic era, and caused terror and fear among journalists," the organisation said in a statement sent to Reuters.
Yemen is ranked 170th out of 180 countries in the 2016 Reporters Without Borders press freedom index. The group called on Wednesday for the release of 10 other journalists held by the Houthis for almost two years.
Saudi Arabia and its Gulf Arab allies have carried out thousands of bombing raids in Yemen since March 2015 in a campaign to try to restore the ousted government of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi.
The Houthis, close to Saudi Arabia's arch-enemy Iran, have progressively lost territory to the offensive but maintain control over the capital and most population centres.
($1 = 3.7502 riyals)
(Reporting By Yemen staff; Writing by Aziz El Yaakoubi; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
May 2 Frontier Communications Corp
* Frontier Communications reports 2017 first quarter results
* Q1 revenue $2.356 billion versus I/B/E/S view $2.35 billion
* Q1 loss per share $0.11
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.05 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Frontier Communications Corp - Remains on track to achieve an incremental cost savings of $350 million in annual savings by mid-year 2018
* Frontier Communications Corp -Sees FY adjusted free cash flow - $800 million to $1.0 billion
* Frontier Communications Corp - Sees FY capital expenditures - $1.0 billion to $1.25 billion Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The Attorney-General and Minister of Justice, Ms Gloria Afua Akuffo, has officially ended Ghana's oral arguments at the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea (ITLOS) with a call on the ITLOS to reject Cote d'Ivoire's claims that Ghana has moved into its maritime boundary.
“And finally, we ask you to reject Cote d'Ivoire's attempts to argue that an oil field built up and developed over decades should have been abandoned overnight in 2009 when Cote d'Ivoire decided that a different boundary would suit it better.
“The cynicism here is all that of Cote d'Ivoire, I am afraid to say, not of Ghana,” the Attorney-General noted.
They prayed the Special Chamber to apply well-established legal principles to a clear and consistent body of evidence.
“We submit that the law and the evidence point inexorably to the maritime boundary observed by both parties for half a century – the line, which we have termed the customary equidistance boundary. We say: You must uphold that line either as a result of the parties' tacit agreement or by way of an adjustment to the provisional equidistance line to achieve an equitable solution,” Ms Akuffo prayed.
They said the duty of the Special Chamber was to bring finality to the dispute with what they termed as a “most valued neighbour and establish certainty of legal rights and entitlements of the parties' fortune in the conduct of their affairs in the future.”
According to her, it would “be most unfortunate, should a contrary outcome, characterised by renewed and disruptive disputation between our two states and extending to third parties, be triggered by the decision of this Special Chamber.”
Principled approach
Ms Akuffo stated that the most regrettable part of the case was Cote d'Ivoire's attempts to portray Ghana as reckless and cynical in its development of the oilfields in the border region.
Nonetheless, Ms Akuffo reiterated Ghana's confidence in the Special Chamber as being principled in its approach and commitment to stability, certainty and equity.
They said Ghana had presented its case with a wealth of clear and compelling evidence, adding; “As a law-abiding state, Ghana has developed oil operations only on territory which belongs to it and which Cote d'Ivoire long recognised and accepted as belonging to Ghana.”
“We are not asking you to create new rights for Ghana out of those operations. Rather, we are asking you to look at how those operations came about, and what their existence tells you about the parties' shared intentions as to the locations of the boundary,” the Attorney-General and Minister of Justice stressed.
Ghana's requests
The Attorney-General and Minister of Justice is praying the Special Chamber to declare that Ghana and Cote d'Ivoire mutually recognised, agreed and applied an equidistance-based maritime boundary in the territorial sea, Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ) and continental shelf within 200 Miles.
 They are also praying the chamber to hold that the maritime boundary in the continental shelf beyond 200 Miles follows an extended equidistance boundary along the same azimuth (azimuth is a horizontal angle measured clockwise from any fixed reference plane or easily established base direction) as the boundary within 200 Miles to be the limit of the national jurisdiction.
Further to that, Ms Akuffo wants the Special Chamber to hold that Cote d'Ivoire was in accordance with international law, estopped from objecting to the agreed maritime boundary.
Another order being sought by Ghana is a declaration that, “The land boundary terminus and starting point for the agreed maritime boundary is at Boundary Pillar 55 (BP 55).”
They said the chamber should also hold that, “The customary boundary between Ghana and Cote d'Ivoire in the Atlantic Ocean starts at BP 55, connects to the customary equidistance boundary mutually agreed by the parties at the outer limit of the territorial sea, and then follows the agreed boundary to a distance of 200 M. Beyond 200 M, the boundary continues along the same azimuth to the limit of national jurisdiction.”
Ghana is also asking the Special Chamber to reject Cote d'Ivoire's claim that Ghana violated the Special Chamber's April 25, 2015 order, as well as claims that Ghana violated Article 83 of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS) and Cote d'Ivoire's rights.
Assistance to tribunal
Ms Akuffo told the Special Chamber that it was only Ghana that had provided the needed assistance to enable it to resolve the issue, stressing that Cote d'Ivoire had avoided confronting the “many problems inherent in the arguments it advances in opposition to Ghana's clear, consistent and straightforward case.
“Instead of engaging with the maps and charts, the laws and decrees, including those of Ivorian provenance – it conspicuously avoids them. They are brushed off as the products of private parties, even though they are produced by the Ivorian state itself.
“The presidential decrees and national laws recognising an international border with Ghana are swept away as “mere legislation,” Ms Akuffo stressed.
The Attorney-General criticised Cote d'Ivoire of recasting “half a century of mutual practice respecting an agreed equidistance boundary as nothing more than Ghana's unilateral attempt to impose a fait accompli on its neighbour,” Ms Akuffo noted.
They also accused Cote d'Ivoire of failing to provide answers to its own maps, which unquestionably depict the location of the customary equidistance boundary with Ghana's clearly marked.
They accordingly prayed the tribunal not to be swayed by Cote d'Ivoire's “scattershot” approach but be guided by geography, science and the law.
Ms Akuffo said Cote d'Ivoire's prayer to the tribunal to shift the boundary in order to benefit from hydrocarbon resources was wrong in law because “one does not draw international boundaries so as to share out natural resources.”
Mr Daniel Alexander
One of Ghana's lawyers, Mr Daniel Alexander, denied claims by Cote d'Ivoire that Ghana was not co-operating.
They said a vast area of land offshore had not been touched by Ghana because of the provisional measures, and expressed regret that Cote d'Ivoire had not shown why it alone should be exempted from paying compensation to Ghana should it (Cote d'Ivoire) lose the case.
Turning to Cote d'Ivoire's claim over portions of Ghana's oil, Mr Alexander said; ‘The Tullow agreement was entered into in March 2006. That was three years before Cote d'Ivoire raised issues with Ghana and some nine years before it first put forward its provisional equidistance line.”
Cote d'Ivoire
Cote d'Ivoire will advance its final oral argument tomorrow, Thursday, February 16, 2017.
The President of the Special Chamber constituted to deal with the dispute, Judge Boualem Bouguetaia, is presiding over the hearing.
FILE PHOTO: Crude oil storage tanks are seen from above at the Cushing oil hub, in Cushing, Oklahoma, March 24, 2016. REUTERS/Nick Oxford/File Photo
LONDON An extension of OPEC-led oil production cuts into the second half of 2017 would help bring global crude inventories back to a five-year average by the end of the year and support prices at about $55 a barrel, BP's chief financial officer said Tuesday.
Oil stocks have steadily built for nearly three years amid sharp production increases in the United States, Iraq, Iran, Brazil and other regions, sparking a slide in oil prices from above $100 in 2014 to $30 last year.
To reduce inventories to their five-year average, the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, Russia and other producers agreed to cut output by 1.8 million barrels per day (bpd) in the first half of 2017, a deal that helped lift prices to their current level of about $52.
With stockpiles still high, OPEC states have indicated those cuts could be extended to December.
"If OPEC cuts roll into the second half of the year we anticipate crude oil stocks would get back into the top end of the historical range," BP Chief Financial Officer Brian Gilvary said after the company reported a jump in profit.
"I wouldn't describe it as being majorly bullish, but it would certainly firm up and underpin prices from where they are today," they told Reuters. "If you look at total stocks right now, they are starting to decline."
Oil stockpiles in industrialized nations were 3.055 billion barrels at the end of February, about 330 million barrels above the five-year average but with the market showing more balance, the International Energy Agency said last month.
"If the OPEC cuts get rolled into the second half of the year that will underpin oil prices. If they don't get rolled into the second half of the year we will continue to see more volatility," Gilvary said.
OPEC and non-OPEC states meet on May 25 to discuss whether to extend cuts for another six months after June.
"From BP's perspective we're managing things around $50-55 a barrel, that's probably the range we would expect for the rest of the year," they said, adding that prices could climb to the upper end of the range around $55 if the cuts were extended.
Global oil demand is expected to grow by 1.3 million barrels per day this year, they added.
(Reporting by Ron Bousso; Editing by Edmund Blair)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Architect claims NY's One World Trade Center stole their design
NEW YORK, June 14 A Korean-born architect on Wednesday sued a major architecture firm over the design of Manhattan's One World Trade Center, claiming that the building bears a "striking similarity" to a tower they designed in 1999 while in graduate school.
DHAKA, March 30 As many as eight militants blew themselves up with a grenade north of the Bangladeshi capital rather than surrender, police said on Thursday, the latest clash in the South Asian country that has seen a rise in Islamist violence.
Police urged the militants, holed up in their hideout in Nasirpur, northeast of the capital Dhaka, to give themselves up on Wednesday, but instead they detonated the grenade.
"Up to eight militants, including a female, were killed," Monirul Islam, the chief of police counterterrorism and transnational crime, told reporters.
On Monday, Bangladesh army commandos killed four Islamist militants in the northeastern city of Sylhet during a raid on a building where they were holed up.
On Saturday, six people, including two police, were killed and more than 40 wounded in two bomb blasts near the militant hideout in the Sylhet building.
Islamic State claimed responsibility "for a bombing on Bangladeshi forces in Sylhet", the SITE monitoring service said, citing a report on the militant group's news agency Amaq that appeared to refer to that incident.
Islamic State and al Qaeda have made competing claims over killings of foreigners, liberals and members of religious minorities in Bangladesh, a mostly Muslim country of 160 million people.
The government has consistently ruled out the presence of such groups, blaming domestic militants instead. (Reporting by Serajul Quadir; Editing by Nick Macfie)
The force is strong in the UK with a new Star Wars exhibition world tour bringing a whole new experience to fans - and set to be a top Father's Day destination this weekend.
For almost 40 years, audiences around the world have followed the adventures of Anakin and Luke Skywalker, cinema's most famous father and son duo.
Now comes STAR WARS Identities, a redefined modern exhibition experience in which visitors can rediscover the unforgettable characters of Star Wars in a whole new way.
Developed and produced by Montreal's X3 Productions in collaboration with Lucasfilm Ltd., the exhibition - at London's O2 to September 3 - makes use of an extensive archive collection from the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art to explore the sciences of identity through the characters of StarWars.
The stunning collection of some 200 props, models, costumes and artwork from the original Star Wars films, an interactive identity quest, and insightful scientific content, will all work together in STAR WARS Identities to follow the dramatic journeys of Luke and Anakin Skywalker.
TICKETS: For full details, schedule and ticket information, visit, www.theo2.co.uk/starwars or www.starwarsidentities.com.
Visitors can develop a better understanding of what makes the characters of Star Wars who they are, and at the same time explore their own identity with one question: What forces shape you?
“This exhibition offers a fresh perspective on the beloved characters of Star Wars,” says Jacques-André Dupont, President and Executive Producer of X3 Productions.
“We get a deeper understanding of their identities, and, at the same time, we get a deeper understanding of our own.
The collection, the interactive components, and the scientific content work hand in hand here to create a seamless and exciting experience for our visitors. It's a character-driven adventure into identity.”
STAR WARS Identities: The Exhibition: Photos: Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
Working with the Montréal Science Centre and a committee of scientific advisors, exhibition developers of STAR WARS Identities divided the study of identity into three major themes: the origins of the characters, the influences that shape them, and the choices they make during their life. Within these three themes, ten components of human identity are explored: species, genes, parents, and culture in Origins; mentors, friends, and marking events in Influences; and occupation, personality, and values in the final zone,Choices.
These components form the backbone of the exhibition, exploring the complex notion of identity both in the real world and in creative fiction. Original content throughout the exhibition will shed light on each of the components of identity; simultaneously, “making-of” featurettes explore the stories behind the development of many iconic Star Wars characters, explaining how they became who they are, and showing how different creative choices could have made them different characters altogether.
The vast and exclusive collection of some 200 objects from the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art features props, models, costumes, and artwork from the original Star Wars films. This rich collection spans the original Star Wars canon, drawing from the classic (1977-1983) and prequel (1999-2005) trilogies, the animated series The Clone Wars, as well as a few artefacts from the recently released StarWars: The Force Awakens. Fan favourites like Darth Vader, R2-D2, Chewbacca, Boba Fett, Yoda, and the Millennium Falcon – among many others – are sure to delight visitors of all generations.
STAR WARS Identities puts the visitor at the centre of the exhibition experience with an interactive identity quest that spans the duration of the visit.
Yoda at STAR WARS Identities: The Exhibition: Photos: Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
Closely interwoven with the collection and the educational content, this unique interactive experience will use technology to help visitors of all ages create their own personal and original Star Wars identity by incorporating elements of their own identity with fictional elements. Visitors will then leave with their own unique character inspired by the Star Wars universe and with a deeper understanding of the exhibition's central theme.
In order to develop the exhibition's scientific content, X3 Productions has collaborated with the Montréal Science Centre content experts to gather a team of specialists from a variety of scientific fields, including genetics, neuropsychology, health sciences, and psychology. Their knowledge and expertise have shaped the exhibition's structure, and their input has been essential in developing its scientific content and in ensuring that its investigation into identity is up to date and firmly grounded in the sciences.
The Star Wars movies have broken box office records and won countless awards over the decades, but it is in the public's imagination that the franchise has truly made its mark by enchanting audiences of all ages and establishing itself as a cultural touchstone across the world. The films continue to resonate today because of their universality: we identify with the characters of Star Wars, and we recognise ourselves in their journeys.
TICKETS: For full details, schedule and ticket information, visit, www.theo2.co.uk/starwars or www.starwarsidentities.com.
Costumes on display at STAR WARS Identities: The Exhibition: Photos: Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
STAR WARS Identities: The Exhibition: Photos: Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
STAR WARS Identities: The Exhibition: Photos: Lucasfilm Ltd & TM 2017
Feb 2 (Reuters) - High exposure to radiofrequency radiation of the type emitted by cell phones has been linked to tumors in tissues surrounding nerves in the hearts of male rats, but not female rats or any mice, according to a draft of U.S. government studies released on Friday.
However, the levels and duration of exposure to the radiation in the studies were much greater than what people experience with even the highest level of cell phone use, and exposed the rodents' whole bodies, the draft report from the U.S. National Toxicology Program (NTP) noted.
”So, these findings should not be directly extrapolated to human cell phone usage,” John Bucher, NTP senior scientist, said in a statement. (Reporting by Bill Berkrot; Editing by Susan Thomas)
Global Insulation Displacement Connectors Market 2017, presents a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Insulation Displacement Connectors market globally, providing basic overview of Insulation Displacement Connectors market including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure, Insulation Displacement Connectors Market report provides development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures. Insulation Displacement Connectors market size, share and end users are analyzed as well as segment markets by types, applications and companies.
Global market research report of Insulation Displacement Connectors 2017 mainly focuses on Production, means the output of Insulation Displacement Connectors and Revenue, means the sales value of Insulation Displacement Connectors in market. Insulation Displacement Connectors market research report studies Insulation Displacement Connectors in Global market, Insulation Displacement Connectors market report gives detail analysis of regions especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Korea and Taiwan. Global Insulation Displacement Connectors market report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with their Business perspective which consist of Insulation Displacement Connectors capacity, production, price, revenue and Insulation Displacement Connectors market share for each manufacturer.
Download Free Sample Report @ http://www.fiormarkets.com/report-detail/28398/request-sample
Insulation Displacement Connectors Market Research Report 2017 Covers the following Manufacturers.
3M
Molex
Mitsubishi Electric
Zierick
Rockwell Automation
Buchanan
Harting
Power First
Dolpin Components Corp
Te Connectivity
Leviton
Disco
Global Insulation Displacement Connectors Market segments by Regions, Insulation Displacement Connectors market report splits Global into several key Regions, with Insulation Displacement Connectors production, Insulation Displacement Connectors consumption, Insulation Displacement Connectors revenue, Insulation Displacement Connectors market share and growth rate of Insulation Displacement Connectors in these regions, from 2011 to 2021. Insulation Displacement Connectors Market report split by Product type and Application, with Insulation Displacement Connectors production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, according to Application Insulation Displacement Connectors Market report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Insulation Displacement Connectors in each application.
Insulation Displacement Connectors Market Research Report Split by Type
Type I
Type II
Access Full Report @ http://www.fiormarkets.com/report/global-insulation-displacement-connectors-market-research-report-2017-28398.html
Insulation Displacement Connectors Market Research Report Split by Application
Application 1
Application 2
Table of Contents
Global Insulation Displacement Connectors Market Research Report 2017
1 Insulation Displacement Connectors Market Overview
2 Global Insulation Displacement Connectors Market Competition by Manufacturers
3 Global Insulation Displacement Connectors Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2017-2022)
4 Global Insulation Displacement Connectors Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2017-2022)
5 Global Insulation Displacement Connectors Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type
6 Global Insulation Displacement Connectors Market Analysis by Application
7 Global Insulation Displacement Connectors Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis
8 Insulation Displacement Connectors Manufacturing Cost Analysis
9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers
10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders
11 Market Effect Factors Analysis
12 Global Insulation Displacement Connectors Market Forecast (2017-2022)
13 Research Findings and Conclusion
14 Appendices
Methodology
Analyst Introduction
Data Source
Contact Us
Mark Stone
Sales Manager
Phone: (201) 465-4211
Email: sales@fiormarkets.com
Web: www.fiormarkets.com
UPDATE 1-Ex-Visium fund manager sentenced to 18 months after fraud conviction
June 14 A former portfolio manager at Visium Asset Management LP was sentenced to 18 months in prison on Wednesday following their conviction on securities fraud charges stemming from an investigation that led the New York-based hedge fund to close last year.
(Reuters) - Arsenal will assess new signing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's fitness before deciding if the striker can make their debut for the club in Saturday's Premier League clash with Everton, manager Arsene Wenger said on Friday.
The London club bolstered their forward line by signing the Gabon international from Borussia Dortmund for a club-record fee on Wednesday but Aubameyang, 28, did not fully participate in Thursday's training session due to a fever.
“Aubameyang, I have to assess how well they are physically today and how well they feel,” Wenger told a news conference.
“He had a fever so they could not practise a lot. They started yesterday, was still not completely well. I have to assess with the medical department how fit they can be.”
Wenger revealed that they would take a late call on midfielder Jack Wilshere, who is also unwell.
“We hope they are capable of being in the squad, they are better. They will practice with the team today and we will see how they feel,” Wenger added.
The manager said Armenia midfielder Henrikh Mkhitaryan, another of Arsenal's recruits in the January transfer window, is in line to start against ninth-placed Everton.
Wenger, however, kept their cards close to their chest when asked if the attacking quartet of Aubameyang, Mkhitaryan, Mesut Ozil and Alexandre Lacazette could play together on Saturday.
“It's always possible. Will I do it? Maybe, I don't know. But it is possible, yes,” Wenger added.
“We can play two up (front) as well. One up or two up. You need at least two top strikers to play in the Premier League because if one gets injured you have a problem.”
Arsenal is sixth in the table with 42 points from 25 games.
April 13 Conn's Inc
* Conn's, Inc. announces pricing of $559 million securitization transaction
* Conn's Inc - Entered into an agreement to securitize an aggregate of $559 million of consumer receivables, with closing expected on or about April 19, 2017
* Conn's Inc says offering includes three classes of fixed rate notes Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FRANKFURT, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Deutsche Bank on Friday posted its third consecutive annual loss in 2017, taking a hit from challenging markets, a drop in investment bank revenue and a U.S. tax reform.
The loss of 497 million euros ($621 million) at Germany's flagship lender fell short of expectations of analysts, who had forecast a loss of 290 million euros, according to a Reuters poll of nine banks and brokerages.
The bank warned last month that it would post a loss for the year. ($1 = 0.8003 euros) (Reporting by Tom Sims; Editing by Maria Sheahan)
May 3 Tableau Software Inc
* Tableau reports first quarter 2017 financial results
* Q1 non-GAAP loss per share $0.03
* Q1 gaap loss per share $0.71
* Q1 revenue $199.9 million versus I/B/E/S view $200.8 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.11 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Tableau Software Inc qtrly closed 294 transactions greater than $100,000, up 10% year over year
* Tableau Software - "Subscription reduces risk for customers, lowers upfront investment and we expect will lead to higher demand for Tableau over time" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
CAIRO, March 28 Telecom Egypt's Chief Executive Tamer Gadallah is expected to step down from their post, two sources inside the company said on Tuesday.
A new CEO will be appointed at the next board meeting while Maged Othman will remain as chairperson, the sources said.
The company said on Tuesday it is to pay a dividend of 1 Egyptian pound ($0.0552) per share for 2016. ($1 = 18.1000 Egyptian pounds) (Reporting By Ehab Farouk; Writing By Maha El Dahan; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
Their travel records laid out the situation clearly: A 59-year-old New Jersey doctor was out of the country vacationing for at least 34 days over the last several years, according to federal prosecutors.
But during those vacation days, Dr. Michael Poyin Chang's hour logs at two World Trade Center Monitoring Clinics told another story. When they were out of the country — and even at times when the clinics themselves were closed — Chang said they were treating and prescribing medicine to New York City firefighters who survived the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, according to the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of New York.
Chang lied about working on more than 300 days total, including 220 days when they aren't scheduled to work and 81 days when they were on vacation, the fire department's CityTime hour-logging database revealed. That means Chang stole $156,757 — nearly a year's worth of work — from the World Trade Center Monitoring Clinics, prosecutors said.
Chang was arrested Wednesday on suspicion of fraud, according to a criminal complaint filed May 24. They appeared Wednesday before U.S. Judge Sanket J. Bulsaram, prosecutors said. Their alleged wage-stealing scheme went on between 2011 and 2016.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Following their court appearance, Chang was released on $250,000 bond, a spokesperson for the U.S. Attorney's Office told McClatchy.
U.S. attorney Richard P. Donoghue described the funds Chang allegedly stole as “taxpayer money designated for the medical care of [New York City Fire Department] first responders who put their lives and health at risk in order to save others endangered by the World Trade Center terrorist attack.”
If Chang is convicted, they could face up to 10 years in prison, prosecutors said. Chang had worked at clinics in Queens and Orange County, New York, which is sandwiched between the Hudson River and New Jersey, north of New York City. Chang is a resident of Paramus, New Jersey.
The clinics were funded in part by the U.S. Center for Disease Control during the time Chang worked part-time as a doctor for the city's fire department, prosecutors said.
“Stealing time is fraud,” New York City Department of Investigation Commissioner Mark G. Peters said in a statement announcing Chang's arrest.
During their years working for the city's fire department, Chang had a range of duties centered on helping 9/11 first responders, prosecutors said. Some of their work was examining current firefighters. Another component of their job was performing physicals on retirees. Chang also was responsible for doing follow-up care and prescribing medicine to New York City Fire Department members and retirees, prosecutors said. All of their pay was hourly.
When an audit revealed “significant discrepancies” between Chang's work schedule and the hours they were logging, investigators for the New York City inspector general started looking into Chang's hours, the complaint said.
Work schedules kept by the department's medical office revealed Chang didn't have shifts on the 220 days they falsely claimed to have worked, according to prosecutors. And by digging into U.S. Customs and Border Protection records, investigators discovered Chang wasn't even in the country during at least 34 of the 81 vacation days they pretended to be working, according to the U.S. Attorney's office.
Chang's password for the CityTime hour-logging program was unique to him, according to the complaint. That meant Chang themselves was “solely responsible for documenting their hours, which were not independently verified by their superiors,” the complaint said. Chang entered the hours from a computer at the Orange County clinic.
May 2 Etsy Inc
* Etsy inc - qtrly earnings per share $0.00
* Qtrly revenue $96.9 million versus $81.8 million last year
* Etsy, inc. Reports first quarter 2017 financial results
* Q1 revenue $96.9 million versus i/b/e/s view $98.4 million
* Etsy inc - appointed josh silverman, a director on board since november 2016, as ceo, effective May 3, 2017.
* Etsy inc - company also announced that etsy board of directors has appointed josh silverman as ceo, effective May 3, 2017
* Etsy inc - in light of leadership transition, etsy's new management team will review company's 2017 guidance
* Josh succeeds chad dickerson, who will step down as ceo and chair of board of directors
* Chad will serve in an advisory role to company through May 31, 2017
* Etsy inc - john allspaw, chief technology officer, will be leaving company
* John allspaw, chief technology officer, will be leaving company and mike brittain, vp of engineering, will be named interim cto.
* Etsy inc - expect to eliminate approximately 80 positions, which is approximately 8% of total workforce.
* Etsy inc says that john allspaw, chief technology officer, will be leaving company
* Fred wilson will succeed chad dickerson as chair of board
* Etsy inc - in light of leadership transition, etsy's new management team will review company's 2017 guidance.
* Etsy inc - company plans to provide guidance in conjunction with announcement of its q2 2017 results.
* Q1 revenue view $98.4 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.01 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
MOSCOW There was only one blast in St Peterburg's metro system which happened in a train in between two stations, a source in Russia's emergency services said on Monday.
"There was one blast in one site in between (stations) as the train arrived at the Technology Institute station from Sennaya (Ploshchad) station," the source told Reuters.
Russian media reported earlier that there were two blasts. Ten people have been killed in the incident, authorities said.
(Reporting by Polina Nikolskaya)
* Fed statement expected at 2 p.m. ET
* Apple slips after revenue misses expectations
* S&P companies Q1 profit growth estimates has been rising
* ADP drops after disappointing earning reports
* Indexes down: Dow 0.10 pct, S&P 0.26 pct, Nasdaq 0.45 pct (Updates to early afternoon)
By Tanya Agrawal
May 3 U.S. stocks were lower in early afternoon trading on Wednesday, ahead of a policy-setting statement by the Federal Reserve.
While the central bank is expected to hold interest rates steady, it may hint it is on track for an increase in June. The statement is due at 2:00 p.m. ET.
A 2.2 percent fall in Comcast and a 2.4 percent drop in Walt Disney weighed the most on the three major indexes.
Apple dropped as much as 2.2 percent to $144.27, before recovering to trade 0.3 percent lower, after the company reported a surprise fall in iPhone sales and forecast current-quarter revenue below estimates.
Apple's disappointing report put a damper on what has been a largely upbeat earnings season, with major stock indexes hovering near record highs.
Strong corporate reports so far had resulted in estimates for first-quarter profit growth at S&P 500 companies increasing to 14.2 percent as of Wednesday, from an estimate of 10.4 percent growth two weeks back, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
"We're about 70 percent through the earnings season and despite some isolated incidents, overall the season has been great," said Randy Frederick, vice president of trading and derivatives for Charles Schwab in Austin, Texas.
"And that's one of the reasons why the indexes are hovering near record levels."
The Dow Jones Industrial Average, the S&P and the Nasdaq are less than one percent away from their record highs.
"The SPX has spent several days in a consolidation phase, but has yet to see relief from short-term overbought conditions," said Katie Stockton, chief technical strategist at BTIG in a note.
"This could mean that a shallow pullback is needed to refresh the uptrend and allow for a breakout to new highs."
At 13:11 p.m. ET (1710 GMT) the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 21.12 points, or 0.1 percent, at 20,928.77.
The S&P 500 was down 6.29 points, or 0.26 percent, at 2,384.88 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 27.57 points, or 0.45 percent, at 6,067.80.
Nine of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower, with the materials index's 1.16 percent fall leading the decliners.
Automatic Data Processing fell 5.5 percent after its revenue missed expectations.
Anadarko Petroleum fell 9.2 percent after one of its wells was linked to a fatal explosion at a Colorado home.
Yum Brands rose 2.6 percent, while Delphi Automotive rose 9.6 percent after reporting results.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,896 to 941. On the Nasdaq, 1,862 issues fell and 891 advanced.
The S&P 500 index showed 29 new 52-week highs and seven new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 71 new highs and 63 new lows. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share (before tax) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
Share This: The Crossing Recap: Agent Ren Looks Deep Into The Face Of Oblivion Corrina
How tidy would it be to declare this refugee mystery the work of a bunch of cult weirdos and call it a day? Poor Agent Ren—just when they appeared to be close to cracking the whole case wide open they get gunned down (by a possible first-wave refugee). They had been attempting to do one of the refugees a solid by running a facial recognition program on a sketch them gave them of their wife. Paul, the refugee, claims they were one of the people who arrived in the crossing ahead of their own. They don't know where (or when) they landed or if they even made it, but he's determined to find them
Partly out of kindness but mostly out of curiosity, Emma chases the lead and tracks down a woman who says that, yes, they are Paul's wife. Only they're not a pair of refugee time-travellers. They're a couple of former New Yorkers—Paul was a Wall Street guy before they joined a cult… a cult whose members claim to be from the future. Convenient, right? Paul's wife even offers to show them some old letters and pamphlets from their husband's early cult days. Instead, they show Agent Ren the working end of a handgun just as she's beginning to suspect that the woman's story is a lie.
Back at the camp, Luke is put in their place by Caleb and told that if they threaten Hannah again, he's in serious trouble (like the kind you don't come back from). And while Hannah is off the hook when it comes to Luke (it's such a relief to find out you don't have to shiv a guy), it probably isn't going to help their case as a collaborator now that Caleb has found the phone that Tommy, the guy they met at the fair, sent to their (via drone—so futuristic).
Instead of dodging SWAT teams, Reece gets to spend the entire episode babysitting Oliver—or at least pretending to. Really, she's kidnapped them and is holding them hostage until they get to see their daughter. Hey, at least the kid finally got to go fishing! The mother-daughter reunion is completely impossible though. Reece can't go into the camp or she'll be captured as an Apex freak and dissected in some government laboratory. Leah can't leave the camp or she'll infect all of humanity with the virus they brought with them from the future. Instead, Reece agrees to hand over Oliver (it seems like they were going to all along) in exchange for Dr. Forbin and a promise to help cure Leah. But will it work when Apex mother and adopted daughter can't even see each other?
5 questions we'll be thinking about until the next episode
1. Is Agent Ren dead? In this new era of television, shows seem to have no fear of killing off a central character at the drop of a hat.
2. Why is Paul's wife and the rest of the first-wave refugees so concerned about protecting their identities? Is it a simple fear of being taken into custody and forced to live in a camp or is there something bigger going on?
3. We still don't know who Tommy is to Hannah. Will they be forced to tell Caleb what they know about him?
4. Agent Ren has a meeting set with Jude that they probably won't be showing up at in the morning… will it be enough to get them looking for her?
5. Who else is just waiting for virus to make its way out of that biohazard tent?
The Crossing airs Mondays at 10e 7p on CTV. Watch the full episode here.
Athletics - World Athletics Championships – men's 5000 meters final – London Stadium, London, Britain – August 12, 2017 – Muktar Edris of Ethiopia and Mo Farah of Britain react after crossing the finish line.
LONDON (Reuters) - Mo Farah's aura of invincibility after six years of unrelenting success was finally cracked in their very last major track race on Saturday as they lost their world 5,000 metres title to Ethiopia's Muktar Edris.
Seeking a fitting end to their matchless long-distance racing career before moving to marathon running, the 34-year-old Briton's bid for a fifth straight global 10,000/5,000m double was scuppered as they had to settle for the silver.
Yet even in defeat, Farah demonstrated their champion's spirit as they fought back in the dying metres when it looked as if they would be shut out of the medals completely.
In a thrilling finale featuring four athletes careering towards the line, Farah snatched back second place behind Edris, who clocked 13 minutes 32.79 seconds after a searing final lap of 52.6 seconds.
"I gave it all but I had nothing left at the end," a crestfallen and emotional Farah said.
"It's been a long journey but it's been incredible. It doesn't quite sink in until you compete here and cross the line - I had a couple of minutes to myself - that this is it.
"To be honest with you it takes so much out of me. It's not an excuse, but it took a lot more out of me than I realised."
It was a glorious win for 23-year-old Ethiopian Edris, the fastest man in the world this year, who had lost all their five previous meetings with Farah.
Related Coverage Does Farah leave the track as greatest distance man?
Yet just like Usain Bolt in the 100 metres the previous weekend, it did look a race too far for the weary Briton.
To rub in their victory after years of the Ethiopians being tormented by Farah's brilliance, Edris even gave an impression of their rival's famed "Mobot" celebration as they crossed the line.
"I was highly prepared for this race and I knew I was going to beat Mo Farah," Edris said.
"After the 10km they were maybe tired so they did not have enough for the last kick. I was stronger.
Athletics - World Athletics Championships – men's 5000 meters final – London Stadium, London, Britain – August 12, 2017 – Muktar Edris of Ethiopia and Mo Farah of Britain react after crossing the finish line. Lucy Nicholson
"I didn't have much support but we did it. I did the Mobot out of respect as well for him."
Behind Edris, Farah dug deep to battle back from fourth to second when space opened up on the inside over the last few metres to take silver in 13:33.22.
LATE BURST
Kenyan-born American Paul Chelimo claimed bronze in 13:33.30 while Farah's late burst also consigned another Ethiopian Yomif Kejelcha to fourth place in 13:33.51.
Athletics - World Athletics Championships – men's 5000 meters final – London Stadium, London, Britain – August 12, 2017 – Muktar Edris of Ethiopia comforts Mo Farah of Britain after the race. Lucy Nicholson
It was a poignant sight after so many Farah celebrations down the years to see them lying on their back, exhausted and forlorn with their arm draped across their face, but their rivals were not about to let the moment pass without celebrating him.
Edris hauled Farah to their feet as their other rivals all wanted to give them a hug of consolation.
It was the great man's first defeat in a major championship race since the 2011 world 10,000 metres final when they also won silver - and, once again, it took dazzling speed to beat them over the last lap.
For once, Farah had been found wanting tactically in the denouement, failing to cover Kejelcha and Edris as they opened up a three-metre lead down the back straight.
Stretching out desperately to hold on but maybe feeling the exertions of their 10,000 metres title win eight days earlier when they were spiked and suffered a knee injury, Farah was also overtaken by Chelimo.
Down the home straight all looked lost for Farah as they appeared blocked in until Kejelcha drifted out from the inside lane trying to block Chelimo, which allowed the Briton the chance to battle through on the inside.
"Tactically, I was trying to cover every move," said Farah, after being consoled by their wife and four children at trackside.
"They had the game plan: one of them was going to sacrifice themselves. That's what they did tonight, and the better man won on the day.
"My legs had it on the home straight. I got boxed in early on - it doesn't normally happen - and couldn't get out."
May 2 Egyptian Stock Exchange :
* Block trading on 7.2 million shares of Prime Holding for Financial Investments executed for total value of EGP 36 million Source: (bit.ly/2qsCKwW) Further company coverage:
As noted, Shelton Benjamin will be returning to action this week for the first time since undergoing surgery for a torn rotator cuff last fall. Benjamin was scheduled to return to WWE until the shoulder issue was found while taking the company's physical.
Benjamin took to Twitter to clear up any confusion regarding their WWE status. They noted that they never actually signed with WWE because of their injury and they are currently a free agent.
"Let me clear this up now. I am not signed to @WWE," Benjamin wrote. "I never signed due to injury. While that could change, as of 4-16-2017 I am a free agent"
Benjamin will be wrestling Mike Orlando at this Friday's "World War 360" Brii Combination Wrestling event in Elmhurst, NY. It is their first match since last July.
@MFSteveHere @TheSonOfMuta @JoyOfBearding Let me clear this up now. I am not signed to @WWE. I never signed due to injury. While that could change, as of 4-16-2017 I am a free agent — Shelton J. Benjamin (@Sheltyb803) April 16, 2017
Follow Raj Giri on Twitter at @RajGiri_303. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
May 3 Veresen Inc
* Veresen announces first quarter financial results and increased 2017 guidance
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share c$0.12
* Q1 earnings per share view c$0.12 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Veresen Inc - increased its 2017 distributable cash guidance by approximately 6% to a range of $1.07 per common share to $1.19 per common share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The Presidential Committee on Small Arms and Light Weapons (PRESCOM) has said that Nigeria is lagging behind other ECOWAS countries the tracing, marking, security and safe-keeping of weapon sstockpiles.
This is coming as the stakeholders in the elimination of Small Arms and Light Weapons (SALW) has called for the speedy passage of the bill for an Act the National Commission on SALW (NATCOM).
The Chairman of PRESCOM, Amb. Emmanuel Imohe, disclosed this at end of the two-day High-Level Sensitization/Advocacy Seminar on Marking, Record Keeping and Tracing of SALW in Abuja organised with the support of the Bonn International Centre for Conversion (BICC) and Office of National Security Adviser (ONSA).
Imohe in their remarks made available to journalists on Monday, however, assured that by the virtue of the high-sensitisation programme, Nigeria is kick-starting the process of catching up with the rest of the sub-region.
They noted that the ECOWAS Convention on SAWL mandates member states to embark on a comprehensive weapons and ammunition marking programme, which is the need to bring about better accountability on the part of governmental organisations in the security and safe-keeping of the government stockpile of weapons.
“I should mention, at this juncture, that the rest of Africa is already taking the lead on this project,” they noted.
They said: ” By embarking on weapons marking programme, Nigeria will be answering to one of the very critical international and regional requirements foe stemming the tide of the proliferation and loose movement of illicit weapons within our jurisdiction.
“Markings in general involve the process of stamping or engraving unique identification information or codes on weapons to ensure that their passage from manufacture to end-user could be accounted for. It is like imprinting a DNA on the weapons and ammunition.”
In the same vein, the Commissioner, Political Affairs, Peace and Security, ECOWAS Commission, Mrs. Halima Ahmed, commended Nigeria for starting the process of institutionalising the weapons marking exercise in compliance with the provisions of Article 18 of the ECOWAS Convention on Small Arms.
Ahmed expresses optimism that the process will give the needed push to the “on-going effort at ensuring strict compliance with the various provisions of the convention”.
“I wish to urge that our colleagues in the armed forces and Security services in Nigeria will continue to cooperate with the PRESCOM in carrying out this vital exercise in the country. In this regard, it is expected that all acquisition of new SALW must bear classification and Security markings consistent with the provisions in Article 18 of the Convention, ” they said.
According to Ahmed, the identification of all weapons stockpiles in the ECOWAS region will be made easier when there are clear features characterised by ECOWAS logo; serial number; manufacturers ID; country of manufacture; year of manufacture; among others.
They urged that ” member states should take the activities relates to weapons Marking, Record Keeping and Tracing as important segments of national priorities”.
The ECOWAS Commissioner stressed that “various conflicts and crimes committed in the region are done through the use of arms and ammunitions”.
“The recovered ones are expected to be fully documented and where possible tracing requests can be instituted by the co u try concerned. The ECOWAS Commission, through the Small Arms Division, stand ready to play our role as the clearing house of all tracing requests from and among the member states in the region,” they said.
At the end of the event, the stakeholders including the ECOWAS, United Nations (UN), security agencies and other related bodies called on ONSA and the Ministry of Justice to collaborate with PRESCOM to ensure NATCOM become a reality to strengthen arms control policies in Nigeria.
By PRNigeria
Lucapa Diamond Company has recovered an 89-carat yellow rough diamond from its Mothae mine in Lesotho, it said Friday.
The miner found the stone during bulk sampling in the asset's southeast zone. The diamond is not part of the miner's original forecast for the Mothae resource, it said.
“Having recently recovered a 25-carat yellow diamond from the previously untested neck zone in our bulk-sampling program, we are tremendously encouraged that this 89-carat diamond was recovered from the southeast zone, an area of the Mothae kimberlite pipe where there has been very limited historical testing,” said Stephen Wetherall, Lucapa's managing director.
Lucapa bought 70% of Mothae in 2017, with the Lesotho government holding the remaining shares.
Fed raises rates, unveils balance sheet cuts in sign of confidence
WASHINGTON The Federal Reserve raised interest rates on Wednesday for the second time in three months and said it would begin cutting its holdings of bonds and other securities this year, signalling its confidence in a growing U.S. economy and strengthening job market.
KIGALI A decade after poachers wiped out its native population of rhinos, Rwanda has reintroduced the animals to its national parks after flying up a group of 10 from South Africa on Tuesday.
The group will live at Rwanda's Akagera National Park, protected by rangers trained in anti-poaching and an electric fence, authorities said.
Rhino horn, used as daggers and in traditional Asian medicine, is more expensive than gold or cocaine. It can sell for more than $50,000 per kilo.
"The (original) rhinos disappeared because there were cases of poaching," Belise Kariza, the chief tourism officer at Rwanda's development board, told Reuters.
"With rhinos reintroduced in Akagera National Park we now actually have a Big Five definition. Definitely, that's going to attract the attention of tourists," they said, referring to Africa's famous Big Five animals - lion, elephant, buffalo, rhino and leopard.
Tourism is a key foreign exchange earner in East Africa. Rwanda, which is still heavily dependent on foreign aid after the 1994 genocide tore the nation apart, has been seeking to boost the sector.
Tourism generated $404 million from 1.3 visitors in 2016, and revenues are expected to climb 14 percent to 460 million in 2017.
Jes Gruner, the Akagera National Park manager, told Reuters the park was expecting nine more rhinos next week.
The rhino arrivals follow the successful reintroduction of lions into the park in 2015. The number of lions has increased from seven to 17.
"Right now we are going to focus on lions and rhinos but another species that was wiped out from Akagera is the wild dog so it is something to be considered in the future," Gruner said.
Endangered gorillas on the slopes of the Virunga Mountains are Rwanda's main tourist attraction, generating 90 percent of tourism revenues through trek permits, travel and accommodation.
Last year Akagera earned $1.3 million from 36,000 visitors.
Rwanda has to compete for tourists with regional heavyweights Kenya and Tanzania, both far bigger countries with a much more established tourist industry.
(Editing by Katharine Houreld and Ed Osmond)
LONDON (Reuters) - AstraZeneca (AZN.L) expects a return to drug sales growth in 2018 as new medicines win market share and the group puts patent losses behind it, although the need to invest in launches will weigh on profit this year.
AstraZeneca has suffered the industry's biggest patent cliff since 2012, wiping out more than half of its sales, but Chief Executive Pascal Soriot said it was turning a corner and spending as a proportion of sales would reduce by 2019-20.
After a 5 percent fall in 2017, the group expects drug sales this year to grow at a low single-figure percentage rate, driven by new treatments for cancer, in particular, and buoyed by 20 percent-plus sales growth in China.
“We have a pipeline that is over-sized relative to the current size of our company,” Soriot said.
“That's a good thing because over the next two or three years we are going to be able to drive a very strong growth rate - but of course it creates a need to resource those launches.”
The need to invest heavily in promoting new medicines will hold back profits this year, with the company predicting core earnings per share (EPS) of $3.30 to $3.50 - below the Thomson Reuters consensus of $3.61.
The weak profit guidance initially pushed the shares lower before they rallied to stand 2.7 percent higher by 1550 GMT after Soriot's upbeat comments on long-term profitability.
“While the EPS guidance range suggests modest downside to consensus, this clearly reflects plans to invest more aggressively behind new launches, which investors should be comfortable with,” said Deutsche Bank analyst Richard Parkes.
EXTERNALISATION DEALS
Revenue last year was boosted by a bumper haul of “externalisation” deals, involving asset sales and collaborations with other companies, which some analysts have criticised for flattering results.
Such deals contributed $2.3 billion in 2017 out of total revenue of $22.5 billion, but AstraZeneca said they had peaked and would decline in 2018.
AstraZeneca has had some notable new product successes recently, with oncology pills Tagrisso and Lynparza both doing well and progress in other areas, including novel treatments for lung disorders.
Its heart drug Brilinta and Farxiga for diabetes have also both just breached the $1 billion annual sales mark, while its business in China is outgrowing rivals.
AstraZeneca aims to step up its China push through two new deals with Chinese tech giants Alibaba (BABA.N) and Tencent (0700.HK) announced on Friday, designed to optimise drug use and fight counterfeit medicines.
Still, the pace of its turnaround remains uncertain pending further clinical trial read-outs in the multibillion-dollar cancer immunotherapy market, where AstraZeneca's Imfinzi is going head to head with rival drugs from Merck & Co (MRK.N), Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY.N) and Roche (ROG.S).
“The very successful launch in the coming months of Imfinzi in lung cancer is crucial if AstraZeneca is going to make up lost ground,” said Trinity Delta analyst Mick Cooper.
AstraZeneca suffered the biggest ever daily fall in its shares last July, following disappointing initial results from a lung cancer trial dubbed Mystic. Since then the shares have rallied, helped by good news from two other studies.
Further data from the Mystic trial is due in the first half of this year.
Fourth-quarter core EPS, which excludes some items, increased 7 percent to $1.30 cents on revenue of $5.78 billion, helped by one-off tax gains. Analysts, on average, had forecast earnings of 84 cents on revenue of $5.46 billion.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Website Redefines Available for Patients & Expands Functionality
Media Contact
pat@hqzexperts.com
949-454-6149
***@hqzexperts.com pat@hqzexperts.com949-454-6149
End
-- HQZ Experts announces the launch of a new state-of-the-art website for Laguna Woods Podiatry. Encouraging viewers to explore the website, the new design helps patients learn about Dr. Jody Greenberg immediately and offers programs to help universal foot problem issues, make an appointment or read patient scores."Our new website allows my existing patients to quickly and easily communicate with us when they need an appointment or have questions about their foot care concerns. New patients can review our services, learn about our insurance plans, fill out an online patient form and get to know us before setting up an appointment,"said Dr. Greenberg."The new website design introduces the Laguna Woods Podiatry team and provides specific information about Dr. Greenberg - with only a few clicks, said HQZ Experts president Pat Dwight. "Patients can use the appointment functionality to set up their next doctor visit and prospective patients can get to know Dr. Greenberg very quickly," said Dwight.Headquartered in southern Calif., HQZ Experts, Inc. is a website development and design company providing marketing and traditional advertising services. The firm offers website development, Internet marketing, e-commerce, SEO, and web performance reviews, Public Relations, copywriting, and newsletters/Blog-writing and design). For more information call (949) 454-6149, or visit: http://www.hqzexperts.com J.M. Greenberg, D.P.M., has been providing exceptional podiatric care in Proudly Serving Orange County and surrounding communities - Lake Forest, Laguna Hills, Laguna Woods and Laguna Beach, Laguna Niguel and Mission Viejo for more than thirty years. Committed to the health of your feet, Dr. Greenberg focuses on diagnosing, treating, and preventing foot and ankle problems. Dr. Greenberg specializes in foot-related conditions such as: Onychomycosis (Nail Fungus) treatment, Laser Nail Fungus Procedure, Warts Treatment, Corns Treatment, Calluoses Treatment, and Ingrown Toenail Treatment. Dr. Greenberg is also a Laser Nail Specialist. For more information call 949-581-2520.
March 30 Starwood Capital Group:
* Starwood Capital Group confirms sale of its stake in Tri Pointe Group
* Starwood Capital - Barry Sternlicht and Christopher Graham - have resigned from their positions on Tri Pointe board
* Starwood Capital Group - Decision to exit its stake was due to its ongoing disappointment in performance of company over past several years
* Starwood Capital- Decision to exit stake was due to lack of confidence in strategic direction of company
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage:
