LOS ANGELES — Since Sept. 22, nothing they did meant anything. Aimless games. Playoff auditions. Meetings and videos and ticket requests and logistics and a lava flow of stats.
Baseball teams rarely have time to look around. Now the Dodgers had to kill more of it than they ever imagined.
The Dodgers and Arizona Diamondbacks were the final teams to throw a postseason pitch. The American League teams had finished two games before their Game 1.
Related Articles Justin Turner's 5-RBI night leads Dodgers past Diamondbacks in NLDS opener
Justin Turner's 3-run home run set tone for Dodgers in NLDS
Dodgers Notes: Dave Roberts says they trust Pedro Baez to pitch in NLDS
Photos: Dodgers defeat the Diamondbacks 9-5 NLDS Playoff Baseball
Diamondbacks at Dodgers: Saturday game time, TV channel and starting pitchers
Dodgers postseason roster and player profiles
Miller: Dodgers jump on Diamondbacks, then romp to Yasiel Puig's antics Two things could happen: the Dodgers would be burdened by the weight of their 104 wins and their 29 years without rings, or they would play like the selves they showed throughout that season.
Leadoff man Chris Taylor took two strikes from Taijuan Walker, fouled and worked their way to 3-and-2, and got a base hit.
The reset button was on.
The Dodgers beat the Diamondbacks, 9-5, after they led, 7-1. They left their fans to fret about the four home runs off Clayton Kershaw, but otherwise they rediscovered themselves, the focus and the flair. Justin Turner got five RBIs in their methodical way and Yasiel Puig drove all over the road.
And in one moment of potential turbulence, Cody Bellinger provided the defensive layer that the Dodgers had produced without much notice all year.
The score was 4-1 in the top of the fourth. A.J. Pollock had homered off Kershaw the previous inning. Here, J.D. Martinez singled. The Dodgers then turned the first of three double plays. But Kershaw, not quite on their pre-injury game, walked Adam Rosales.
Ketel Marte chopped a ball that looked as if it would ooze past Bellinger and Logan Forsythe and into right field, to bring the tying run to the plate.
Instead, first baseman Bellinger extended their glove to the limit and nabbed it, and then flipped to Corey Seager for the force that ended the inning.
“I just kept putting my hand out and it wound up in the glove,” Bellinger said. “I didn't have a good grip on it at first.”
Sometimes the plays that keep you from losing are as crucial as the ones that let you win. The Dodgers gratefully got three runs in their fourth, and the rest was entertainment: Brandon Morrow snuffing a rally with one 99 mph pitch, a resurgent Seager providing a single to left and a triple to right, and Puig being Puig, as if they could do otherwise.
Puig doubled home the fourth run in the first inning and executed a Shawn Michaels crotch chop when they came up with their slide. They tripled in the seventh inning and looked up from that slide, saw their dugout celebrating and stuck out their tongue again and again
“I don't know what that was,” Bellinger said.
“Sometimes you shake your head, sometimes you smile,” said Manager Dave Roberts, who did a lot of head-shaking last week when Puig reverted to their own time zone. But Puig was part of the fun the Dodgers were rediscovering.
“I was getting anxious,” Bellinger said. “I wasn't really nervous. It was exciting, hearing the crowd roar. By the first pitch, all of that goes away.
“I didn't really feel that urgency until today. We'd spent some days with live pitching, our pitchers had faced live hitting. It's always good to have a couple of days off. By tonight we were ready to go.”
For Taylor, the frame tightened on Wednesday night, when the Diamondbacks held off Colorado and moved into the Dodgers' bracket.
“That's when I started saying I wanted to get out there,” Taylor said. “You've been off a couple of days, now it's time to get started. The way we kept scoring, it felt like the beginning of the year. It seemed like everything was clicking.”
The Dodgers got five hits in 15 at-bats with men in scoring position. The 15 was as impressive as the five because it pressured the Arizona pitchers. Walker was gone after one inning, and rookie Zack Godley, usually a starter, made a nice one-man stand for five innings.
The Diamondbacks need all the bullpen they can get because they used Robbie Ray, the Game 2 starter Saturday, for 34 pitches in the wild-card win Wednesday.
Ray was 3-0 against the Dodgers this year and was untouchable in two late-season victories. They will be pitching with three days' rest. It's natural to wonder if he'll be compromised in any way.
Meanwhile, Kershaw announced that they are immediately preparing for Game 5, which would be Thursday. That's significant because, at long last, they won't be asked to pitch a playoff game on unnaturally short rest.
The ninth inning wasn't a save situation but Kenley Jansen pitched it anyway, and it turned out sloppy. There was a single and a walk and an error by Seager. The final hitter was David Peralta, and they sent a seed up the middle that disappeared, hard, into Jansen's glove, the type of projectile the Dodgers either caught or dodged for most of six months.
On Friday they were a target that had remembered how to move.
Our new year's resolution for 2017 is DEFINITELY to make time for lots more telly – because based on this exciting new trailer for all the shows coming up on BBC One this year, we're going to need to see every last one of them.
Whether you're a fan of Doctors Who or Foster (how big has their son gotten??), Poldark or Line of Duty, EastEnders or Call the Midwife there's something for everybody – as well as looks at brand-new series like Tom Hardy's gritty Taboo, Gary Barlow's The Voice replacement Let it Shine, Nazi drama SS-GB and Jack Whitehall period comedy Decline and Fall.
In other words, as the Peter Capaldi's Doctor puts it to new companion Bill (Pearl Mackie) in the trailer when they land on an alien world – “welcome to paradise.”
But, you know, for people who like TV specifically. Which is probably you, if you're reading this...
A much-hyped Zimbabwean investment conference in London this week had to be radically changed at the last minute after a number of Zimbabwean government ministers were unable to get British visas.
The conference was organised by an organisation called Consolidated Africa Services (CAS), which initially listed Finance Minister Chinamasa as among the speakers, along with Industry Minister Mike Bimha, Foreign Affairs Minister Lieutenant-General Sibusiso Moyo, Agriculture Minister Air Chief Marshall Perrance Shiri, Mines Minister Winston Chitando and Tourism Minister Prisca Mupfumira, as well as Central Bank Governor John Mangudya and their predecessor Gideon Gono, now the Chairman of the Special Economic Zones Authority.
Mention of some of these delegates was later dropped from CAS's website and when Vigil activists gathered early on Thursday outside the conference at the prestigious Royal Geographical Society we were unsure which of them, if any, would turn up. Representatives of the organisers appeared equally unsure when we asked them which ministers would attend.
The usual po-faced executive-type people bustled past a sculpture set into the wall of the building showing David Livingstone (‘discoverer' of the Victoria Falls). They didn't give it a glance but they couldn't miss the Vigil's banner adorned with posters reading: ‘Reforms before investment in Zimbabwe', ‘Free, fair and credible elections in Zimbabwe' and ‘End corruption and state looting in Zimbabwe'. Most people accepted our flyers, one of which read:
‘Beware Zimdaba 2018: Exiled Zimbabweans welcomed the ousting of Robert Mugabe in the military coup last November. But the Zimbabwe Vigil cautions against prematurely embracing the new regime represented here at Zimdaba 2018. They are out for your money because they have destroyed the economy. ‘We are open for business,' they say. But so far it's all words. No repressive laws have yet been repealed.
Apart from the addition of a few generals, an air chief marshall etc, the cabinet is made up of the same corrupt Marxist Zanu PF politburo. You do not have to hire ‘experts' to look into the background of the delegates: simply google them yourselves. You will find, for instance, that the Chairman of the Special Economic Zones Authority, Gideon Gono, was the Governor of the Zimbabwe Reserve Bank when the Zimbabwe dollar was destroyed by record-breaking inflation.
Elections are due by August. Before you consider investing in Zimbabwe, you would be wise to see whether they are judged free, fair and credible. For further information about the situation in Zimbabwe see our book ‘Zimbabwe Emergency', available from Amazon. It features some of the bogus ‘comrades' you will be meeting at the conference.'
We noticed that, among the people attending the conference, was the former Labour government minister Lord Hain, who in their youth was a notable anti-apartheid activist.
The South African newspaper Mail and Guardian has accused them of hypocrisy over their business interests in Zimbabwe (see: http://amabhungane.co.za/article/2018-03-16-lord-hains-zimbabwe-hypocrisy). Lord Hain left the meeting early.
Other points
Thanks to our activists who got up early to attend the Vigil demonstration outside the Royal Geographical Society: Abigail Chidavayenzi, Babula Gwatiringa, Brian Chitate, Cephas Maswoswa, Chido Makawa, Daizy Fabian, Dennis Benton, Elector Zvorwadza, Esther Munyira, Heather Makawa Chitate, Matthew Mpepo, Patience Muyeye, Rose Benton, Rosemary Maponga, Sunit Bagree and Tafadzwa Musekiwa. There were a couple of valiant journeys: Abigail left Glasgow the night before the demo and messaged us at 7.45 am from the venue – they were to return home in the evening. Elector caught the coach at 3 am from Nottingham to join us. It was good to have with us Sunit Bagree from Action for Southern Africa (previously the Anti-Apartheid Movement). We will be joining them in a protest they have organised against the human rights abuses of King Mswati of Swaziland on 19 th April. Check ‘Events and Notices' for details.
April. Check ‘Events and Notices' for details. Thanks to the small band who gathered at the Vigil today, particularly: Joseph Chivayo, Chido Makawa, Heather Makawa Chitate, Matthew Mpepo, Margaret Munenge and Ephraim Tapa who set up the Vigil, took care of the front table and packed up at the end. It was snowing when we arrived and still snowing when we left. We had half expected some signs of life in the Embassy given all the people over for the investment conference. They must have decided to stay in bed.
Mugabe's bleating to the international press about being illegally deposed confirmed our belief that they are delusional, since they blatantly ignored the law when they were in power. Their most potent comment came in an interview with the AU representative earlier in which they said there was no possibility of fair elections because the army was in charge.
Mnangagwa was equally silly for declaring Mugabe a National Holiday. While we welcome the new president's promises of change and reform in their New York Time article, we are alarmed by their comment reported elsewhere that there would be no opening up of the airwaves before the elections.
For latest Vigil pictures check: http://www.flickr.com/photos/zimbabwevigil/. Please note: Vigil photos can only be downloaded from our Flickr website. The facebook page for our sister organisation Restoration of Human Rights in Zimbabwe (ROHR) (https://www.facebook.com/ROHR-Zimbabwe-Restoration-of-Human-Rights-301811392835) has been hijacked by destructive elements from a group calling itself ZHRO. Please be advised that any postings on this page are not posted by ROHR.
FOR THE RECORD: 8 signed the register.
LIBERTY TWP., Ohio (WYTV) – The president of the youth football league Steel Valley Youth Conference says Liberty's midget team is not in the playoffs because it violated league rules — not because of race.
Allegations of racism were made Thursday during a meeting with parents and coaches of the Little Leopards.
The team was denied a playoff spot after league officials determined Liberty had used ineligible players. Liberty then agreed to forfeit three games.
Coaches in Liberty say they didn't know playoff spots were determined by division wins instead of overall wins. Now, they haven't been able to play in enough games to get a playoff spot.
League President Chuck Doran said, in part, they have many teams in their league and race never enters into any decision they make.
Doran also said the playoff rules were voted on in March and September and they were unanimously approved both times — and that included Liberty's votes.
WYTV also spoke with the Little Leopard's Vice President Antwon Rutland, who confirmed Liberty did vote for the playoff process, but thought they would still have a chance to make the playoffs.
Digital Switch Over: Stakeholders Raise Fresh Concerns
By Emma Okonji
As the June 20, 2017 deadline for the digital switch over (DSO) from analogue to digital broadcasting draws nearer, information and communications technology (ICT) stakeholders have raised fresh concerns that could derail the process again, if adequate measures are not put in place.
Some of the stakeholders, who spoke in anonymity, are accusing the federal government of giving priority attention to a particular signal distributor, at the detriment of others, a situation, they said, could slow the pace of development, especially now that Nigeria is getting close to the June 2017 deadline for the digital switchover.
According to them, government had licensed two key national signal distributors, ITS and Pinnacle, to drive digital signal distribution process across the country and to provide easy access of the digital signals to Nigerians. While ITS is government created through NTA, and operates as an arm of NTA, Pinnacle is a private business. But the stakeholders are worried that some unseen but powerful hands in government are trying to favour Pinnacle more than ITS, for personal reasons.
The stakeholders are worried about the recent development, where ITS is denied the right to roll out digital signals in Abuja, after it has successfully launched in Jos, Plateau State, where the pilot scheme for the rollout of DSO was carried out.
They were of the view that both ITS and Pinnacle could have been given equal opportunity to roll out in Abuja together, just like GOtv and StarTimes are currently doing with DSO rollout, in order to allow broadcasters and the marketers to decide which of the signal distributors to pitch tent with.
“Should both have been allowed to run simultaneously, most broadcasters would have gone out for ITS over Pinnacle because of the strength of ITS through its presence in about 80 key cities,” the stakeholders said.
They also alleged some discrepancies in the signal licensing on the part of the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC).
“While some operators are given lower frequencies with capacity to penetrate more and translate to better digital TV quality, others are given upper frequency with low penetration capacity which translates to poorer TV signal and viewing on its platform,” the stakeholders alleged.
The stakeholders want equity allocation of broadcast licensing and called on government to allow market forces to determine the successful migration from analogue to digital migration.
They explained that several organisations have invested so much in ITS, and that it would be a wrong business sense for some people in government to limit ITS' digital signal rollout in an attempt to favour Pinnacle.
This, they said amounts to policy somersault and could largely erode investors' confidence.
The federal government had successfully launched the pilot scheme of the DSO rollout in Jos, Plateau state, to be followed by other cites in preparation for the migration from analogue broadcasting to digital broadcasting by June 2017.
The journey towards the digital terrestrial television (DTT) broadcasting, actually started in Nigeria in June 17, 2006, after Nigeria had signed international and regional agreements to conclude digital migration by June 17, 2012.
In a bid to achieve the 2012 migration date, the federal government in 2007, approved the process of migration. And in 2008, it inaugurated a Presidential Advisory Committee (PAC) on transition from analogue to digital broadcasting.
Nigeria, however, missed out on the June 17, 2012 initial date for migration, for lack of adequate preparation.
Having missed the initial date in 2012, government was forced to shift migration date to June 17, 2015, but also could not achieve it for lack of funds.
Based on the inability of government to release funds for the DSO rollout in 2015, Nigeria, for the second time, missed out on digital switchover.
The new date of June 20, 2017, would be the third time Nigeria is struggling to achieve the digital migration process.
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.
Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews
Most Popular Interviews
Finding Value Opportunities in the Domestic-Focused Market of Indonesia James Morton
Companies covered: 005930 NMR ITOCY BFIN CFIN ERAA 1800 PTPP WSKT PNBN
Creating Long and Short Exposures to ETFs Using Options Jeffrey S. Pavlick
Protecting Portfolios with a Quality Overlay and Diversification Into Asset Classes Jason Jackman
Companies covered: SJM ORCL MSFT ADBE
Remember last year when I said the market for Docker jobs was blowing up? Well, it's more than doubled in the last year. And Swarm is also rising quickly, growing 12829%, almost all of that in the last year. We expect that with our partnership with Microsoft and Windows Docker containers, that this will grow even faster in the next year as .NET developers start to containerize their applications and Windows IT Professionals start porting their infrastructure to Docker. Take a look at this trendline from indeed.com.
So what are you doing to increase your Docker skills? Want a few suggestions?
Whether you're a developer or more an ops person, a great place to start is the Docker Labs repository, which has currently 28 labs for you to choose from. They range from beginner tutorials, to orchestration workshops, security and networking tutorials, and guides for using different programming languages and developer tools.
Read the entire article here, New Year's Resolution: Learn Docker
via the fine folks at Docker.
Education Minister Mitzie Hunter packed more bologna than was thought to be humanly possible into a short letter to the editor last week.
To call the letter disingenuous would be a kindness. It was full of unadulterated nonsense.
"Our government remains committed to students in rural Ontario." Some plans to close rural schools involve disrupting student education and busing youngsters as long as 90 minutes a day one way. Some commitment.
The minister goes on to say the government spends $1,000 more for each rural pupil compared to urban pupils. So what? Of course education in rural areas will be more expensive. It's the density thing.
Hunter then detail all the money that has been spent on rural education, the new schools that have been built and schools that have been renovated.
Thanks very much, but what about the schools that have been closed?
Hunter takes on the Ontario Conservative leader for demanding a moratorium on school closings.
Hunter: "We continue to see Patrick Brown's Conservatives wanting to restrict the local decision making power of school boards limiting a board's ability to prioritize student needs.
"He wants the decisions that impact local students and communities to be made at Queen's Park without giving the locally-elected trustees . . . the opportunity to have these important planning conversations."
However, Hunter fails to mention these are decisions within a framework of their ministry's making. Local decisions are dictated by funding models that come right out of their department.
Under those models, local boards close schools or lose money. The bureaucrats who run local boards also fall out of favour with their counterparts at Queen's Park if they don't get on the school closing bandwagon.
Of course, this is all about politics and the provincial election in June 2018. Hunter's Liberals are about as popular in rural Ontario as a drunk at a Women's Christian Temperance Union meeting.
Two schools in the Georgian Bay region have escaped the ministry's guillotine at least temporarily because their communities came up with plans to provide financial help.
Private industry is in involved. Local government is involved. A developer is involved.
Neither Hunter's ministry nor the local school board lifted a finger to help keep these schools open, even though the case for closing them was weak at best.
The fact these two schools have been saved was just announced. Hunter is expected to visit the schools in Paisley and Markdale Wednesday.
No reason for the visit has been announced, but if they claim any credit for their ministry they should be shown the route out of town.
jmerriam@bmts.com
THE State Government moved quickly yesterday to stress it had committed its share of funding to upgrade the dangerous intersection of the Bruce Hwy and the Wide Bay Hwy, north of Gympie.
Main Road and Road Safety Minister Mark Bailey said their government had pledged $2.8million in this week's budget as part of the $14million project to improve safety and efficiency at the intersection.
Wide Bay MP Llew O'Brien criticised the State Government in Parliament on Tuesday for not committing to spending.
Yesterday, Mr O'Brien welcomed confirmation of the State Government's commitment to the Wide Bay Hwy intersection.
"It is telling there was no mention of the project in the Queensland Government's Budget Paper - Service Delivery Statement - Department of Transport and Main Roads, nor in the glossy six-page Budget brochure list of projects to be funded in Wide Bay," they said.
Mr O'Brien said it was obvious the funding was made available due to the efforts of State Member for Gympie, and fellow National Party member, Tony Perrett.
"I look forward to working constructively with the Queensland Government to secure funding for additional projects along the Bruce Hwy in Wide Bay, including the Cooroy to Curra Section D project," Mr O'Brien said.
Mr Bailey said the State Government would deliver a record spend on road and transport infrastructure for the second year in a row, a $21-billion investment over the next four years, supporting nearly 17,000 jobs.
"This massive investment in the state's transport future and job creation is close to $1billion higher than our previous Queensland Transport and Roads Investment Program," Mr Bailey said.
"This nonsense is coming from a party who slashed roads funding by $600million when in government and stalled road infrastructure across the state.
"The reason we have a four-year program of works is that spending on specific projects changes year to year as projects progress.
"We've put forward a program of works that reflects a number of key economic factors, including our natural disaster recovery works and a softening in construction costs."
Minister Bailey said the Palaszczuk Government also reconfirmed its financial commitment ($70million in 2017-18 and $280million over four years) to the state-wide Transport Infrastructure Development Scheme (TIDS) after the previous LNP government gutted the program.
(Riccardo Dalle Luche/ANSA via AP). The League leader Matteo Salvini speaks from a stage during a campaign rally for local election in Massa Carrara, Italy, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Salvini made clear Wednesday they preferred early elections, saying it w...
(Angelo Carconi/ANSA via AP). Premier-designate Carlo Cottarelli, center, gets in a car as they leaf their hotel, in Rome, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Cottarelli has returned to the presidential palace for informal consultations amid continued market turmoi...
By NICOLE WINFIELD and COLLEEN BARRY
Associated Press
ROME (AP) - Italy's premier-designate said Wednesday that "new possibilities" had emerged to form a government, and that they wanted to give the option a chance given that the prospect of new elections roiled global markets this week.
The two populist parties that got the most votes in the March 4 election, the 5-Star Movement and the League, failed to create a government over the weekend after President Sergio Mattarella vetoed their proposed economy minister.
Mattarella then turned to former IMF official Carlo Cottarelli to form a neutral government of technocrats to lead Italy until early elections. The prospect of a new vote, however, roiled financial markets in Italy, which is Europe's third-largest economy, and around the world. Investors feared a new election would amount to a vote on whether Italy should leave the euro, with uncertain consequences for Europe's economy.
On Wednesday, premier-designate Cottarelli said in a statement that "new possibilities for the birth of a political government had emerged" during their consultations.
"This circumstance, also considering market tensions, has compelled them to wait for further developments," the statement said.
Officials at Mattarella's office said the president agreed with the decision.
Markets relaxed with the news, with the Milan stock exchange rising about 1 percent and government borrowing rates easing.
It wasn't clear what shape a political government might take.
Wednesday afternoon, 5-Star leader Luigi Di Maio met informally with Mattarella, followed by Cottarelli.
League leader Matteo Salvini said they would be willing to revisit the proposed 5-Star-League agreement that had formed the basis of their proposed alliance.
Salvini had earlier stressed that if their proposed cabinet was rejected - including the already vetoed economy minister - it would be better to go to new elections.
Economic analyst Lorenzo Codogno said any new possible political government would likely mean tweaks to the coalition agreement, including dropping euroskeptic Paolo Savona as economy minister.
Mattarella had vetoed Savona, a former industry minister who has questioned whether Italy should keep the euro, leading to the collapse of the 5-Star-League bid.
"The initiative for a new anti-establishment government ... would have to imply a credible pro-European commitment and a commitment to the Italian Constitution, i.e. the fiscal framework, to have any chance of flying," Codogno said.
Di Maio had proposed a renewed effort to form an alliance with the right-wing League on Tuesday night insisting that the two blocs still enjoy a parliamentary majority.
"We're ready to reconsider our position in the sense that if we made a mistake - something I doubt - we'll say so, but now we should respect the will of the people," they said.
Salvini suggested they preferred a neutral government to lead until elections after the summer break.
"I say this with all possible respect: Mattarella explain to us how we can get out of the problem," they said. "The sooner we vote the better."
Salvini has long complained that Mattarella never gave the center-right bloc that brought in the most votes - 37 percent - a mandate to try to form a government. The 5-Stars, by contrast, got 32 percent.
The center-right alliance grouped the League with ex-Premier Silvio Berlusconi's Forza Italia and the smaller right-wing Brothers of Italy. The League had always been a junior partner in Berlusconi's governments over the past two decades, but emerged from the March 4 vote as the leading power in the center-right.
Brothers leader Giorgia Meloni renewed their call that Mattarella give the center-right a mandate to try to form a government that can win a parliamentary majority.
Cottarelli had initially said elections could come after August, but Tuesday's market drop spurred some lawmakers to propose an earlier data, in late July. That would have been previously unthinkable, given it would be hampered by low voter turnout due to Italian summer vacations.
Salvini made clear that a July vote would deprive too many Italians of their right to cast a ballot.
Italians who have already weathered more than 10 weeks of political deadlock seemed resigned to the latest upheavals, criticizing the piqued rhetoric of politicians but acknowledging that the populists were only expressing voter discontent with the EU over immigration and financial policy.
"I am absolutely pro-Europe. Italy was one of the founding nations of Europe," said Riccardo Perrone as they walked through a central Rome vegetable market, a stack of the day's newspapers tucked under their arm. "But certainly Italy has been pushed a bit to the margins."
Cottarelli's statement about renewed chances for a political government was issued after they consulted briefly with Mattarella, having asked for more time to come up with a proposed list of cabinet ministers.
Analyst Codogno said signals the Democratic Party wouldn't vote in favor of a Cottarelli government in mandatory parliamentary confidence votes had dimmed its chances because it would be very short-lived and unable to introduce a mini-budget to help neutralize sales tax hikes. On top of that, any ministers would have to commit not to run in upcoming elections and would have to abandon current jobs, if only for a couple of months.
___
Barry contributed from Milan.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Nevada brewers and distributors put their heads together last week to compromise and craft proposed legislation that opens the door for growth in the state's craft brewing industry.
The resulting legislation increases the amount of beer that craft brewers can produce while strengthening a three-tiered system designed to keep production, distribution, and sales separate and better regulated, plus keep beer giants from overwhelming the industry in Nevada.
"It's, finally, a relief that brewers do have a place in the state," Tom Young, CEO of Great Basin Brewing Company, said in a phone interview while they attended a craft brewing conference in Washington, D.C.
Brewers considered Assembly Bill 431, in its original form, a set back for the industry that would have allowed only a small increase in production, while limiting — even shutting down — some brewery retail locations.
As of press time, the bill was not yet scheduled to be heard in the full Assembly.
"It took a lot of work to come to a consensus," Alfredo Alonzo told the Assembly Committee on Commerce and Labor during a hearing April 10. Alonzo represented distributors Southern Glazer's Wine & Spirits and Nevada Beer Wholesalers Association in negotiations with craft brewers.
"We've had discussions on what amount is a fair amount to produce that still protects the public and the distributors, which are an integral part of the system," Alonzo said. "How do you make all these independent businesses continue to thrive and grow? I think we have that here."
The compromise bill increases the volume a brewer can produce from 15,000 barrels to 40,000 barrels. (One barrel equals 31 gallons.) A previous version of the bill limited the total barrels to 20,000.
Of the 40,000, brewers can now sell 5,000 barrels as retail products in cans and bottles. A new provision allows craft brewers in Nevada to sell directly at farmers markets and similar events, limited to 20 days per year.
The compromise also strikes down a provision that would have limited each brewing company to two establishments in the state, which would have forced a few brewers to close locations.
Great Basin, the oldest and largest brewery in the state, currently operates at three location — two breweries with restaurants, and a separate tap house. Had the two-location limit gone through, Great Basin would have been forced to close a location resulting in employee layoffs.
"Getting AB431 to where it is now was quite a roller coaster ride," Young said in an emailed statement. "We brewers are not used to the political process where logic and reason are not necessarily, but should be, a factor in developing legislation. The first proposed version of the bill would have seriously cut back what we craft brewers in Nevada were allowed to do. …
"Most states do not have a restriction that causes a brewery to close their taprooms when an arbitrary limit is reached. Only two other states in the west have such limits."
Idaho has limits at 30,000 barrels and Arizona's limit is 250,000 barrels. Even conservative Utah does not have a limit on brewery production.
"As expected, states with a strong craft beer reputation like Washington, Oregon, California and Colorado have no limits," Young wrote.
Great Basin is the only brewery in the state close to hitting the old 15,000-barrel limit, but the low production limit has inhibited expansion goals for many brewers.
Revision Brewing Company opened in Sparks in March but is on a fast track for growth. Even with the late start, owner Jeremy Warren said in a phone interview with the NNBW that they expect to produce 10,000 barrels this year and surpass 15,000 next year.
Without the change in the top limit, they will consider moving the company to California where they already have experience with that state's more accommodating brewery regulations.
Without the limit increase, the craft brew industry "is going to come to a freezing halt," Warren said. Some locations would have to shut down and Revision Brewery would not expand.
Increasing the barrel limit in Nevada "would be huge," Warren said.
"At Revision, we can invest more in infrastructure, hire 50-plus more employees."
The craft brewers in the region are working together to increase awareness of the industry and create a tourist destination for craft beer enthusiasts. They view each other brewers as industry partners more than individual competitors and appreciate what other brewers are doing.
Increasing the limit is "going to allow Great Basin to expand, to hire more people, ship more beer out of state," Revision's Warren said. "That's good for Nevada."
Young also hopes to see AB431 move forward with its revised, more accommodating provisions.
"We are excited to get some momentum to move forward," Young wrote. "Our distributors who deliver our beer to our accounts will benefit greatly as we will have more interest in investing in equipment and people so that we can grow. We make money by selling our beer in our pubs and taprooms but can enjoy the most growth by selling more beer to our distributors who in turn sell more beer to grocery stores, bars and restaurants. This is how we both make money."
Click here to follow AB431.
OMNISPORT
Spain secured their place in the 2018 World Cup after they eased to a 3-0 Group G win over Albania as Gerard Pique received a mixed reception.
Julen Lopetegui's men approached Friday's contest in Alicante knowing they would qualify for the finals in Russia by bettering Italy's result against Macedonia.
But, given the disparity in quality between the two teams, Spain's vastly superior goal difference and head-to-head advantage over Italy, the spotlight was always likely to be on Barcelona defender Pique.
Pique, who has been vocal in their support of a referendum on Catalonia's attempts to secede from Spain, was whistled at an open training session on Monday.
90.3 - Spain is the team with best Passing Accuracy in this European World Cup Qualifying. Style pic.twitter.com/KoiBdLEDJ9 — OptaJose (@OptaJose) October 5, 2017
And the centre-back received the same treatment from their first touch at Estadio Jose Rico Perez, but was later brought off predominantly to applause in the second half.
Rodrigo opened the scoring in the 16th minute with a fine close-range effort before Isco's fourth goal in three Spain matches and Thiago Alcantara's header made the game safe in the space of 10 minutes.
Italy's 1-1 draw with Macedonia means Spain go into the final round of fixtures on Monday guaranteed a place in the tournament proper, holding a five-point lead at the top, while Albania's slim hopes of earning a play-off spot are over.
Rodrigo spurned an early chance to put Spain ahead as they stabbed wide from Jordi Alba's left-wing cross before Azdren Llullaku forced David De Gea into a routine save at the other end.
A glorious opportunity went begging with Rodrigo again at fault as they failed to convert Isco's right-wing cross, heading wide from close range, but the Valencia forward soon atoned for their profligacy.
1 - This is the first time Isco has scored and assisted in a single match for Spain #Russia2018. Inspiration pic.twitter.com/eBBblnPaj5 — OptaJose (@OptaJose) October 6, 2017
They controlled Isco's clever pass with their head before smashing a superb stretching half-volley beyond Etrit Berisha to open the scoring.
Sergio Ramos then saw a header turned over before their Real Madrid team-mate Isco doubled the lead.
Koke played Isco in at the near post and they made no mistake in lashing into the top-left corner.
That seemingly put the game beyond doubt but Albania almost responded as Llullaku clattered a header against the crossbar.
But that proved only a brief interlude to Spain's dominant showing and Thiago soon made it 3-0 by nodding in after Alvaro Odriozola surged down the right culminated in a pinpoint cross.
Rodrigo was denied a second by Berisha and Alba fired wide as Spain threatened to turn the contest into a rout, though Pique was fortunate not to see a defensive error on the stroke of half-time not result in a goal for Albania.
Alba stood up a cross for Koke, who saw their header parried by Berisha as Spain kept the pressure on after the restart, with Rodrigo again thwarted by the Albania goalkeeper after some haphazard defending.
Armando Sadiku headed against the left-hand post, but moments of danger were fleeting for Spain and, with their qualification confirmed, they can reflect on an extremely impressive campaign and look ahead to Russia perhaps with questions about Pique's international future put to one side after the early whistles were drowned out.
Media QUICK To Gleefully Report NBA Champs BOYCOTTING Trump- Then It Backfires
The Golden State Warriors beat the Cleveland Cavaliers in the NBA finals on Monday, and yesterday Twitter exploded with the fake news that the Warriors would be skipping the traditional White House visit, despite no basis in fact.
On the media side, a CNBC reporter was the first to post the “news.”
× 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now
In an archived version of the tweet from the early hours of June 13th (now deleted), posted to the @ReformedBroker account, run by Josh Brown of CNBC's The Halftime Report, stated:
NBA champion Warriors skipping the White House visit, as a unanimous team decision per reports.
At the time it was archived, it had over 23,000 retweets and 38,000 likes. When questioned by a Twitter user about the source, they replied:
just repeated a few other verified users on Twitter who had said it early this morning. I have no idea if its true, hence “per reports”
Oh, so an unverified report of unverified report, which only has traction because the blue checkmark brigade on Twitter all agree it's true. They then pointed their finger at Mike Sington , whose Twitter profile calls them the “World's Top Celebrity Expert,” who posted the bogus story without any facts to back it up.
https://twitter.com/MikeSington/status/874597297027293184
Whether a story is true or not doesn't matter nearly as much as people who want the story to be true. And in this world, you're more like to have a fake story make the rounds and be believed because it takes so long for the truth to put on its boots and get out the door.
Shaun King, a social justice warrior and a white man who pretends to be black, tweeted:
https://twitter.com/ShaunKing/status/874597651874021377
It took some time for the correct information to get online, when Jeff Zillgitt , the NBA reporter for USA TODAY Sports posted this:
https://twitter.com/JeffZillgitt/status/874657755793047552
In fact, the Warriors had to release a statement to clear up the issue, saying
The Golden State Warriors say they have not yet been invited to the White House for the visit that honors sports champions. “Today is about celebrating our championship. We have not received an invitation to the White House, but will make those decisions, when and if necessary,” the team said in a statement.
The statement also concedes that the head coach for the Warriors, Steve Kerr, has referred to Trump as a “blowhard” who is “ill-suited for presidency.” Too bad the rest of the country disagreed with you on that, Steve.
INDIANAPOLIS — Victor Oladipo had a career-high 47 points and added seven rebounds and six assists in the Indiana Pacers' 126-116 overtime victory over the Denver Nuggets on Sunday.
The Pacers used an 8-0 scoring run, capped by Thad Young's putback with 5 seconds left in regulation, to tie it. Then, Indiana got the first nine points in overtime to secure its fourth straight victory, outscoring the Nuggets 12-2 in the extra period.
Myles Turner added 24 points and eight rebounds, and Lance Stephenson had 12 points, six rebounds and six assists for the Pacers. Oladipo made six 3-pointers, with the biggest coming with 2:10 to play in the third quarter to give Indiana its first lead of the game.
Trey Lyles led the Nuggets with a career-high 25 points.
CELTICS 91, PISTONS 81
DETROIT (AP) — Al Horford had 18 points, Kyrie Irving added 16 and Boston beat Detroit to get revenge for a rare loss.
The Eastern Conference-leading Celtics bounced back from a loss Friday night at San Antonio, extending their feat of losing consecutive games only once this season.
The Pistons, meanwhile, have lost six straight for the first time since late in the 2014-15 season.
Boston shut down the Pistons after giving up a season-high 118 points to them in a loss at home last month. The Celtics held Detroit to a season low in points and forced it to miss two-thirds of its shots.
Boston's Jaylen Brown scored 12 points, reserve Marcus Smart had 12 and smooth-shooting rookie Jayson Tatum 11. Tatum made a 3-pointer late in the game to help hold off a potential comeback.
Tobias Harris had 19 for Detroit.
RAPTORS 102, KINGS 87
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) — DeMar DeRozan scored 13 of their 25 points in the third quarter and Toronto Raptors held off Sacramento for its sixth straight victory.
Kyle Lowry added 15 points, 12 rebounds and six assists on an off-night shooting, Serge Ibaka scored 20 points, and C.J. Miles had 11 for the Raptors. They won for the first time in Sacramento since 2014.
DeRozan shot 9 of 15 and was 7 of 11 on free throws while going over the 12,000-point mark for their career. They went into the day six points shy of the milestone.
Zach Randolph had 19 points and 11 rebounds for the Kings.
TIMBERWOLVES 97, MAVERICKS 92
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Karl-Anthony Towns had 28 points, Jimmy Butler scored 10 of their 22 in the fourth quarter and Minnesota beat Dallas.
Towns added 12 rebounds, including four on the offensive end, for their NBA-leading 21st double-double of the season. Minnesota committed 18 turnovers but hit four free throws at the end to pull away in a game in which no team led by more than six points.
Harrison Barnes scored 19 and Maxi Kleber tied a career high with 16 points for Dallas.
PELICANS 131, 76ERS 124
NEW ORLEANS (AP) — Jrue Holiday scored 19 of their 34 points in the fourth quarter and New Orleans overcame an eight-point deficit in the final period to beat Philadelphia.
Anthony Davis added 29 points and DeMarcus Cousins 23 for New Orleans, which looked out-of-synch in the third quarter and in danger of dropping a second straight at home before Holiday took over.
Rajon Rondo, who sat out the Pelicans' surprising collapse against Sacramento on Friday night, returned with 13 points and 18 assists.
Philadelphia's Ben Simmons, who played one season at LSU before being selected first overall in the 2016 draft, had 27 points and 10 rebounds. J.J. Redick had 28 points.
KNICKS 111, HAWKS 107
NEW YORK (AP) — Kristaps Porzingis scored 30 points, Doug McDermott added 23 and New York beat Atlanta.
One night after losing to the NBA-worst Chicago Bulls on the road, New York managed to hold off a fourth-quarter rally by the Hawks, who have the second-worst record in the league.
Dennis Schroder had 21 points and Ilyasova added 20 for the Hawks.
——
For more NBA coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
9 Preparation is paramount.
Pack everything you can the night before. Make sure you arrive at least four hours before the game starts so you can have plenty of time to set-up. Keeping your car stocked with tailgating essentials throughout the season will also help to keep you prepared.
FBI agents interviewed Michael Flynn shortly after they took office as National Security Adviser about their conversations with the Russian ambassador, current and former officials told The New York Times on Tuesday.
While it is not clear what they said in their FBI interview, investigators believed Flynn was not entirely forthcoming, the officials said. If the authorities conclude that they knowingly lied to the FBI, it could expose them to a felony charge.
MORINVILLE, Alta. — Once upon a time, in a town north of Edmonton, there was a man who dreamed of building something magical.
After a year of construction, using $3 million from their own pocket, Robert Chauvet turned a Morinville parking lot into a scene out of a fairy tale. There's a fantastical structure with a wavy roof, curved wooden doors and — as their story goes — a chimney squashed by a giant.
“I've always been fascinated by the imagination and creative minds of children,” says the 71-year-old father, grandfather and retired owner of a construction company.
“Everybody builds houses. And whether you build 10 or 1,000, basically you're just a house-builder. It doesn't leave anything special behind.”
Because Chauvet wanted children to enjoy their final building project in the town of 9,800, they had it designed as a daycare.
They rent it out to the Fable Child Care Centre, which opened in June.
“The kids always seem happy here,” says father Dave Brooks, as they help two-year-old Hadley wiggles out of their jacket during a morning drop-off.
Brooks thinks the daycare resembles more of a hobbit house from “Lord of the Rings.”
Most of the arched doors are adult-sized, except for one leading into the toddlers' room. Parents and workers have to duck to pass through. In another room, there's a cavernous children's bathroom and on the wall next to it a picture of a squirming raccoon waiting for its turn.
Fairies and bunnies are painted on walls, and tree branches stretch into clouds on the ceiling, perfect for nap time.
“It's a blessing to come to work every day,” says daycare operator Bonnie Provost. “Kids and families love it.”
With a capacity for 85 children, the centre is just over half full.
And by next year, it could also be bustling with brides.
Chauvet and their wife, Hien Ho, hope an upstairs rental space and outside flower garden will make a happily-ever-after venue for weddings and photo shoots.
As the couple walk along the garden's path, they point to a waterfall and behind it a hidden door where a gnome lives.
Chauvet says he's especially proud of the roof's curvy shingles that workers spent seven months cutting by hand. He's also pleased with children's artwork that is outlined in the lead-glass windows and scratched into the cement foundation.
They recount how one burly concrete worker happily spent time on their hands and knees stamping and painting bears and butterflies into the stone work.
Also along the path are sculptures of seven children Chauvet says helped make their dream come true.
“The kids built the daycare with the help of an old carpenter,” they chuckle.
CBN alerts financial institutions on 5 special global terrorists
By Babajide Komolafe
The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) Wednesday alerted financial institutions about five persons that the United States of America has labelled as Specially Designated Global terrorists
They are Mark John Taylor, El Shafee Elsheik, Anjem Choudary, Sami Bouras and Shane Crawford. Terrorists (SDGT).
Director, Other Financial Institutions, CBN, Mrs. Tokunbo Martins disclosed this in a letter posted on apex bank's website yesterday.
They said: “The CBN is in receipt of a letter dated May 11, 2017, from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in reference to a Note Verbale from the Embassy of the United States of America in Abuja informing the Government of Nigeria of the designation of Mark John Taylor, El Shafee Elsheik, Anjem Choudary, Sami Bouras and Shane Crawford as Specially Designated Global Terrorists.
“This is for your information and necessary action. Please be guided accordingly.”
SDGT is a designation authorised under US Executive Order 13224,among other executive orders, and Title 31, Parts 595, 596, and 597 of the US Code of
Federal Regulations, among other US laws and regulations. People or entities are designated as SDGT under Executive Order 13224 by the United States Department of State or the US Department of the Treasury.
The post CBN alerts financial institutions on 5 special global terrorists appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Gunmen stormed an upscale cafe overnight in Burkina Faso's capital, Ouagadougou, strafing the building with bullets and barricading themselves inside for hours. By the time security forces reclaimed the restaurant around dawn Monday, at least 18 people had been killed and eight others wounded, according to local authorities.
The West African nation's communications minister, Remis Dandjinou, told reporters Monday that by daybreak, two of the attackers had been killed and several foreign nationals were among the dead. In separate statements, officials in Paris and Ankara confirmed the victims include a French citizen and Turkish citizen, while another Turk was injured in the violence.
While Burkinabe officials blamed Islamist militants for the attack on the Turkish cafe, no one group immediately claimed responsibility.
"I salute the bravery of our security and defense forces whose engagement allowed us to neutralize the terrorists," Burkinabe President Roch Marc Christian Kabore said in a statement, as translated by CNN.
"The struggle against terrorism is a lengthy fight," they added. "That is why I am calling for vigilance, solidarity and unity of the whole nation to face up to the cowardice of our enemies."
In a news conference Monday, Dandjinou detailed the night's bloody events, which opened when they say about three to four militants rolled up to the cafe on motorcycles around 9 p.m. local time. They opened fire on an outside seating area outside then moved indoors, where The New York Times notes a family had been celebrating a 9-year-old boy's birthday.
The newspaper reports the boy was hospitalized with injuries from the attack.
For Burkinabes, the attack on Aziz Istanbul cafe, which is popular with foreigners, prompts bitter memories of another bloody episode just over 18 months ago. In January last year, militants conducted an hours-long raid on a luxury hotel and a cafe just blocks away from Aziz Istanbul, ultimately killing some 30 people before being dislodged by security forces.
Al-Qaida in the Islamic Maghreb, a militant group based in the region, claimed responsibility for that attack — as well as another deadly assault just months before in neighboring Mali.
Islamist groups have been active for years in the Sahel region, which includes Mali and Burkina Faso. As groups linked to al-Qaida have carried out attacks in the area, the Times points out that the United Nations peacekeeping mission to Mali "has become one of the most dangerous in the world."
The French government — which controlled Burkina Faso, then called Upper Volta, as a colony until 1960 — says President Emmanuel Macron met with Kabore on Monday to discuss the circumstances of the latest attack.
The pair of leaders also reaffirmed their commitment to the formation of an international security force in the Sahel region to "continue the fight against terrorist groups."
DALLAS — Jamie Benn had a goal and an assist during a four-goal second period, and the Dallas Stars beat the Minnesota Wild 6-1 Saturday night.
Mattias Janmark and Benn scored on the power play, Tyler Seguin scored on an assist from Benn, and Stephen Johns added an unassisted goal during the second-period flurry. Alexander Radulov and Dan Hamhuis scored in the third period for the Stars, Seguin also had two assists, and Kari Lehtonen stopped 30 shots to win their fourth straight.
Jason Zucker spoiled Lehtonen's shutout bid at 5:40 of the third period. Alex Stalock stopped 25 of the 29 shots they faced through the first two periods, and Devan Dubnyk gave up two goals on nine shots in the third.
In an evenly played first period, neither team had a goal or a penalty as the Wild outshot the Stars 10-9.
That all changed midway through the second period, when Minnesota drew the first two penalties and Dallas scored on both power plays sandwiched around the goal by Johns in a span of 4:08.
Zucker went off for high sticking at 7:41 and Janmark deflected John Klingberg's shot from the blue line past Stalock at 8:59.
Johns stole the puck in the neutral zone, skated in to the right faceoff circle and sent the puck just inside the right goalpost just 48 seconds later.
Dallas swarmed Minnesota's net on the second power play. Devin Shore's backhand from just to the left of the goal rebounded to Benn on the right for an easy goal at 11:49.
Seguin increased the Stars' sudden lead to 4-0, taking a pass from Benn low in the left circle for Seguin's team-leading 25th goal.
NOTES: The Stars' No. 1 goalie, Ben Bishop, was scratched after being hit in the face by a puck while sitting on the bench during Thursday's game at Arizona. Rookie Landon Bow was recalled from Texas of the AHL to back up Lehtonen. … Commemorating 25 years in Dallas since moving from Minnesota, the Stars had four players from the 1993-94 team — Paul Cavallini, Russ Courtnall, Dave Gagner and Craig Ludwig — drop ceremonial first pucks. … Stars LW Antoine Roussel returned after missing two games because of a nasal infection. … Minnesota was playing back-to-back nights after a 5-2 home win over Vegas on Friday. … The Wild came in with a seven-game streak of scoring on the power play, during which they had eight goals. At the other end, they have allowed seven goals in their last 12 penalty-killing attempts over the last five games.
UP NEXT
Wild: At St. Louis on Tuesday night.
Stars: Host the New York Rangers on Monday night.
CHICAGO — Corey Crawford made 31 saves, Artem Anisimov scored with 4:47 left in the third period and the Chicago Blackhawks beat the Arizona Coyotes 3-1 on Sunday night.
Tommy Wingels and Nick Schmaltz also scored in the third to help Chicago win its second straight after dropping five in a row. Patrick Kane had two assists to run their career total to 781 points, breaking a tie with Doug Wilson for fifth on the franchise scoring list.
Kane found an open Anisimov in the right circle for the centre's team-high 13th goal, giving the Blackhawks a 2-1 lead. The connection occurred just 1:11 after Anthony Duclair tied it with their seventh goal for Arizona, tipping home Alex Goligoski's pass in front.
Kane then set up Schmaltz with a slick pass with 3:02 left.
Scott Wedgewood made 34 saves for Arizona. The Coyotes have lost four straight.
MAPLE LEAFS 1, OILERS 0
TORONTO (AP) — Curtis McElhinney made 41 saves for their first shutout of the season and sixth overall, and Zach Hyman scored in the first minute in Toronto's victory over Edmonton.
McElhinney was making their fifth start of the season, giving starter Frederik Andersen a rest after they played in a 4-3 victory Saturday night in Pittsburgh. Toronto improved to 20-10-1 to move within three points of Tampa Bay for the Eastern Conference lead.
Laurent Brossoit made 22 saves for the Oilers.
It took Toronto only 34 seconds to take the lead. Jake Gardiner's point shot made its way through traffic and was tipped by Hyman past Brossoit on the first shift.
WILD 4, SHARKS 3, OT
SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) — Nino Niederreiter scored 3:26 into overtime and Minnesota beat San Jose after squandering a three-goal lead.
Eric Staal scored twice and Ryan Murphy added a goal as the Wild extended their winning streak over the Sharks to four games.
Tomas Hertl tapped in a loose puck for San Jose with five minutes left in regulation to tie it at 3. Brent Burns scored twice for the Sharks.
BLUES 3, SABRES 2, OT
ST. LOUIS (AP) — Vladimir Tarasenko scored at 4:25 of overtime to lift St. Louis past Buffalo.
Brayden Schenn and Paul Stastny also scored, and Joel Edmundson had two assists to help the Blues top the Sabres for the 10th time in their last 11 meetings. Jake Allen made 22 saves.
Evan Rodrigues, in just their third game this season, scored twice for Buffalo, and Robin Lehner made 42 saves. The Sabres have lost six of seven.
——
For more NHL coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
The Road Bond Election is Saturday and Randolph county polling places have been moved to different locations.
The Mountain State Forest Festival has taken over downtown Elkins and made polling places difficult to reach. Precincts 25, 30 and 31 have all been relocated to the Phil Gainer Event Center.
“We've got several millions of dollars worth of projects that the Road Bond would accelerate. So, it's a positive for economic development in our county because it's going to allow us to have more roads and better roads for transportation for folks to get in and out of Randolph County,” said Commissioner Mark Scott.
Precinct 205 will be moved to Dailey Fire Hall and precinct 215 in Valley Head has been relocated from the school to the Valley Head Library next door.
Emma Morano, thought to be the world's oldest person and the last to be born in the 1800s, blows candles during their 117th birthday in Verbania, northern Italy November 29, 2016. (Alessandro Garofalo/Reuters)
By Philip Pullella
ROME (Reuters) - Emma Morano, who at 117 was believed to be the world's oldest person and the last surviving child of the 19th century, died on Saturday, swearing to the end on their diet of two raw eggs a day.
"She reached an incredible finish line," said Silvia Marchionini, mayor of the town of Verbania in northern Italy where Morano lived on the shores of Lake Maggiore.
Morano, who lived 117 years and 137 days, was born on Nov. 29, 1899, four years before the Wright brothers first took to the air. Them life spanned three centuries, two World Wars and more than 90 Italian governments.
"My life wasn't so nice," they told Reuters last November on their 117th birthday.
"I worked in a factory until I was 65, then that was that," they said as they sat in an armchair by their window, a white shawl over their shoulders.
In an interview with La Stampa newspaper five years ago they said their fiance had died in World War One and that they had then been forced to marry a man they did not love.
"'Either you agree to marry me or I will kill you'," Morano said, recalling their proposal. "I was 26. We got married."
It was not a happy marriage. They had a son in 1937, but the baby died after just six months and the following year Morano kicked out their abusive husband.
"I separated from them in 1938. I think I was one of the first in Italy to do that."
Morano outlived all their eight brothers and sisters, including one who died at 102. They thrived on an unorthodox, unbalanced diet.
"When I first knew them they used to eat three eggs a day. Two raw, and one fried. Today they have slowed down a bit, reducing the number to two some days because they say three can be too much," their doctor, Carlo Bava, said last year.
"She has never eaten much fruit or vegetables. Them characteristic is that they always eat the same thing, every day, every week, every month and every year."
Marchionini, the mayor of Verbania, told the Italian news agency AGI that their city has more than 20 people aged over 100.
(Additional reporting by Crispian Balmer Editing by Robin Pomeroy)
Men's individual all-around gold medalist, Ruoteng Xiao, center, of China, silver medalist Chaopan Lin, left, of China and bronze medalist Kenzo Shirai of Japan salute the crowd during medal ceremonies at the World Artistic Gymnastics Championships in Montreal on Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017. (Paul Chiasson/The Canadian Press via AP)
MONTREAL (AP) — China's Ruoteng Xiao is the new men's all-around champion after winning gold on Thursday night at the gymnastics world championships.
Xiao finished with a score of 86.933 points, ahead of compatriot Chaopan Lin (86.448) and Kenzo Shirai (86.431) of Japan.
Canadian Zachary Clay finished 21st for their best result at a world championship. Their best performance was on pommel horse, where they scored 13.566 for ninth.
The women's all-around final is Friday night.
General Motors Co. (IW 500/3), drawing attention with elevated inventory levels in the U.S., said it's been building supply because several plants will spend a combined 10 weeks retooling for production of new models.
GM ended March with almost 100 days' supply of vehicles, more than the roughly 70 days the company typically likes to carry. The rising stockpile is partly a byproduct of slowing passenger-car sales, but also a strategic move to prepare for the idling of sport utility vehicle and pickup factories later this year, according to Jim Cain, a company spokesperson.
Investors have been focusing on automakers' swelling inventories as U.S. vehicle demand has slumped in each of the first three months of the year. A sales executive at Toyota Motor Corp. said Tuesday that industrywide sales have peaked and may decline to as low as 17 million vehicles in 2017, from last year's record of about 17.5 million.
GM plans to idle its pickup plants as well as its factory that builds the Buick Enclave and Chevrolet Traverse models, Cain said. The two SUVs have been redesigned, so GM has to add new equipment to the assembly lines.
Chief Financial Officer Chuck Stevens said GM would build inventory ahead of introducing new versions of several SUVs this year during the Detroit-based company's fourth-quarter earnings call in February.
By David Welch
FG condemns killing of another Nigerian in S/Africa
Senior Special Assistant to the President on Foreign Affairs and Diaspora, Abike Dabiri-Erewa, has described the latest extra judicial killing of a Nigerian in South Africa as “worrying and condemnable”. Dabiri-Erewa in a statement in Abuja on Monday said the latest gruesome killing of Tochukwu Nnadi by Police in South Africa, was unacceptable to the…
The post FG condemns killing of another Nigerian in S/Africa appeared first on The Herald Nigeria – 24/7 News updates from Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria – 24/7 News updates from Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
ROME — Pope Francis will pay homage to victims of war when they visit two important World War II sites south of Rome next month: the American military cemetery at Nettuno and the Ardeatine Caves, site of one of the worst massacres in German-occupied Italy.
The Vatican on Friday announced that Francis would celebrate Mass at the Nettuno cemetery for all war dead on Nov. 2, which the Catholic Church marks as All Soul's Day to honour the dead.
Later in the day, Francis will travel to the Ardeatine Caves on Rome's outskirts. There, in 1944, 335 people were shot to death as a reprisal for an attack by partisans that killed 33 Nazi soldiers on a street in Rome.
BATHURST, N.B. — Police say three youths have been arrested in Bathurst, after a threat involving schools in the northern New Brunswick city was posted on social media.
The alleged threat prompted a lockdown of students at the Nepisiguit High School and Place des Jeunes School on Monday morning, but was lifted shortly before noon, and students sent home for the rest of the day.
In a post on their Facebook page, Bathurst City Police say other schools in the municipality were also placed in a “restricted access” mode during the incident.
Police have not said if the three youths were students at the schools, but do say the investigation is ongoing.
The police are thanking school staff for their professionalism during the process to secure students and their collaboration with law enforcement personnel.
They are also commending parents for their cooperation and understanding during the course of the incident.
Continue reading this story for free . Make sure you continue to stay updated with the best motorsport news every month.
(AP Photo/Brian Skoloff). Douglas Haig takes questions from reporters at a news conference Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Chandler, Ariz. Haig spoke about their experience selling ammunition to the gunman who killed 58 people and injured hundreds more in the O...
(Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department via AP, file). FILE--This Oct. 2017 file photo released by the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department Force Investigation Team Report showing the interior of Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock's 32nd floor roo...
CHANDLER, Ariz. (AP) - The Latest on an Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman who carried out the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history (all times local):
5:30 p.m.
Las Vegas police wouldn't say whether armor-piercing ammunition was fired during the deadliest shooting in modern U.S. history after a dealer who sold it to the gunman was charged with manufacturing such bullets.
Officer Larry Hadfield on Friday referred to a preliminary report released last month.
It says some rifle magazines were loaded with various types of bullets, including armor-piercing ammunition and armor-piercing incendiary ammunition.
The report says a "complete breakdown" of the types of ammunition loaded in the guns and the cartridge casings expended will be documented in the final report. It's unclear when that report will be available.
A criminal complaint says Douglas Haig's fingerprints were found on unfired armor-piercing bullets inside the hotel room where Stephen Paddock launched the attack Oct. 1.
Federal officials declined or didn't immediately respond to requests for comment.
___
This item has been corrected to show the preliminary report released last month, not this month.
___
3:45 p.m.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history has been charged with manufacturing armor-piercing bullets.
A complaint says unfired armor-piercing bullets found inside the Las Vegas hotel room where the attack was launched on Oct. 1 contained the fingerprints of ammunition dealer Douglas Haig of Arizona.
The complaint filed Friday in federal court in Phoenix says Haig didn't have a license to manufacture armor-piercing ammunition.
They were charged shortly before holding a news conference Friday. They said they noticed nothing suspicious when they sold 720 rounds of ammunition to Stephen Paddock in the weeks before the attack that killed 58 people.
Haig is a 55-year-old aerospace engineer who sold ammunition as a hobby for about 25 years.
___
11:50 a.m.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history says their one-time customer didn't raise suspicions that they planned to commit any crimes.
Douglas Haig said at a news conference Friday that they met Stephen Paddock at a Phoenix gun show in the weeks before the Oct. 1 shooting in Las Vegas that killed 58 people.
The sale was later completed at Haig's home in the Phoenix suburb of Mesa.
Haig was named as a "person of interest" in the investigation.
But a law enforcement official has since told The Associated Press that they aren't believed to have committed a federal crime or to have had any knowledge of the attack.
The official wasn't authorized to discuss the investigation and spoke on condition of anonymity.
- Associated Press writer Michael Balsamo
___
12:30 a.m.
An Arizona man plans to speak out about their experience in selling ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
Douglas Haig is scheduled to hold a news conference Friday in Chandler to discuss their sale to Stephen Paddock.
This week, Haig said they couldn't detect anything wrong with Paddock.
Haig was named as a "person of interest" in the Oct. 1 shooting in Las Vegas that killed 58 people.
But a law enforcement official has since told The Associated Press that Haig isn't believed to have committed a federal crime or to have had any knowledge of the attack.
The official wasn't authorized to discuss the investigation and spoke on condition of anonymity.
It's unknown whether the ammunition Haig sold to Paddock was used in the attack.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
There have been previous attempts at AI-guided fills, but they've typically been limited to rectangular sections, have focused on gaps near the middle of the picture and haven't scaled well to missing photo data of different sizes. NVIDIA's "partial convolution" approach, which guarantees that the output for missing pixels doesn't rely on the input values, can work with holes of any shape, size or location. That, in turn, produces uncannily realistic results in many cases -- even if the AI doesn't know exactly what's missing, the result usually looks like it fits. Previous methods tended to produce obvious glitches.
NVIDIA trained its system by generating tens of thousands of hole variations and making the AI learn how to reconstruct photos. It tested using a different set of holes to ensure the AI genuinely understood how to restore photos on its own.
The results aren't always flawless. You may see a facial feature clearly borrowed from someone else, and it's bound to struggle if the hole is so large that there isn't enough information to create a plausible reconstruction. But what's here could still be incredibly useful. You could repair seemingly hopeless images without hours of painstaking reconstruction. The scientists also envision the AI helping to upscale images without losing sharpness. In effect, you'd only ever have to worry about touching up minor details -- the days of recreating whole segments from scratch might soon be over.
Grammy Award-winning country musician Vince Gill plans to perform next month in a solo acoustic concert honoring a century of service benefiting the community.
The black-tie anniversary gala on Sept. 16 at Sands Casino Resort Bethlehem will celebrate the 100-year milestone of the United Way of the Greater Lehigh Valley. It also will thank donors, community partners and volunteers, as well as look toward the future, representatives said.
Throughout nearly four decades in the music industry, Gill has won 21 Grammy Awards and racked up 18 Country Music Association awards. Their big breakthrough came in 1990 with the success of the hit single "When I Call Your Name."
The Oklahoma native has been inducted in to the Nashville Songwriters Hall of Fame, as well as the Country Music Hall of Fame. Additionally, Gill is the recipient of the Academy of Country Music's Home Depot Humanitarian Award and 2011 Career Achievement Award.
The mission of the United Way of the Greater Lehigh Valley is to provide the leadership, convene the partnerships and develop resources and solutions to improve the community.
What you can do:
For sponsorship information for the 100th Anniversary Gala, email Kelly Chando at kellyc@unitedwayglv.org or call 610-807-5722. For ticket information, email Marcy McKinney at marcym@unitedwayglv.org or call 610-807-5708.
For more information, visit unitedwayglv.org/100.
Pamela Sroka-Holzmann may be reached at pholzmann@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow them on Twitter @pamholzmann. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
Flat-Earth Rocket Scientist Reschedules Launch Data Self-taught rocket scientist "Mad" Mike Hughes won't allow a little red tape to get in the way of their green light for a launch. All systems go for their rescheduled steam-powered rocket attempt -- in their view, at least. The 61-year-old limo driver who believes Earth is flat plans to climb into their homemade vessel Monday and rocket 1 mile over the ghost town of Amboy, California. They were scheduled to blast off last weekend, but they didn't have the proper permits from the Bureau of Land Management. He's relocated their launch pad about 4 miles from its original spot so they take off and lands on private property. It may not be enough. The BLM said they still need to fill out the permits. Hughes contends that shouldn't be required since he's flying on private land and has permission. "I'm moving forward," Hughes said Tuesday. "I'm a daredevil. I'm not much for authority or rules." In the meantime, they keep readying their rocket in the Mojave Desert and sleeping in a motor home that doubles as their rocket launcher. They still can't quite wrap their mind around how their project has generated so much buzz. He's been contacted by news outlets from all over the globe. "This is all just nuts, but I guess it's supposed to be," said Hughes, who will televise the launch on their YouTube channel and doesn't want spectators to show up out of safety concerns. "I've had people say so much, that I'm a fraud. I've had people email me and say, 'You're going to die.' I even had one woman ask me if we were all going to die on (launch day). But I've also had so much support. It's just crazy." Their original intention was this: Set up their rocket that's built out of salvage parts and launch on an air strip next to a dilapidated hangar. They said a verbal agreement they received from the BLM a year ago fell through at the last moment. With no permit, their mission was postponed. "The BLM has a permitting process for recreational activity on public lands," BLM spokesperson Stephen Razo said in an email. "Mr. Hughes has been made aware of this process by the local field office and stands ready to work with Mr. Hughes on their permit like any other once we receive an official permit request from him." Hughes said BLM representatives have since visited their location to check how things are going. "They've been very nice to me. I have no animosity," said Hughes , who transported their rocket to Amboy late last week, with their vehicle breaking down numerous times during the 100-mile trek. "Things come up and I expect things to come up. ... I understand it." Not everyone does. Their beliefs that the world is flat and there's "no difference between science and science fiction" have added another dimension to the reaction to Hughes and their plans. "When I am in space, it is a sphere. It is a curve. The Earth is not flat," said retired NASA astronaut and doctor Jerry Linenger, who orbited the globe more than 2000 times during four months in 1997. "I circled it every 90 minutes and it is a real thing." As for the amateur rocket launch? "Good luck, I hope they don't blow something up," Linenger said. "Rocketry, as our private space companies found out, isn't as easy as it looks." Hughes has permission to be on the property from Albert Okura, who purchased the rights to Amboy in 2005 for $435,000. Hughes' new spot for a launch isn't exactly ideal, though. For starters, they had to dig ditches to level the rocket launcher, with three of the four tires now resting in holes. He's in the process of raising the 57-foot ramp, which takes about two days. They hope to begin heating the rocket on Saturday morning. "We're almost all set," they said. Hughes assembled their contraption at the "Rocket Ranch" in Apple Valley, California, a five-acre property they lease. They found the aluminum for their rocket in metal shops and constructed the rocket nozzle out of an aircraft air filter. Their project has cost them roughly $20,000, which includes the motor home they bought on Craigslist that they converted into a ramp. Since their announcements, he's received all sorts of comments, including someone posting on social media: "He'll be fine" with a picture of the cartoon character Wile E. Coyote strapped to a rocket. They take it all in stride. "I'm not chickening out. But I'm not going to get into this (rocket) until it is right," Hughes said. "I think the world needs this ��" somebody out there to question everything, and put their money where their mouth is and put it all on the line. This is like the World Series of Poker and I'm all-in." © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: iStock. Read more on: Launch, Earth, News, Management, Email Comment:
Name:
John Howard: Posted: 2017-12-05 @ 5:11pm PT This guy is a contender for the Darwin Award. Thomas Scott News: Posted: 2017-12-05 @ 12:43pm PT This dude is a pimp. I am so proud of him. But I think they could use another method to find out if the Earth is Flat or not. I am pretty sure mountains are not flat. David: Posted: 2017-12-05 @ 1:55am PT When they kill themselves the other flat-earthers will claim they were killed by the CIA. Alvin: Posted: 2017-12-04 @ 9:22am PT I read somewhere that they expect their rocket to take them to an altitude of 1800 feet. Seriously... someone should've have told them to buy a plane ticket. A commercial plane can go a lot higher than that rocket of his! Brian: Posted: 2017-12-04 @ 8:07am PT I think they should point themselves toward North Korea. If they make it in one piece, they can keep him. Marty: Posted: 2017-12-03 @ 5:58pm PT You can stop calling them a scientist. frankster: Posted: 2017-12-03 @ 3:58pm PT I hope they are not in conflict with any of the FAA routes out of the west coast flying east-bound! Though that is IF they even make it up to that 5,280 as they plan. That is below FAA jurisdiction, but what if their "rocket science" does not add up? MikeF: Posted: 2017-12-03 @ 10:23am PT The fundamentalist flaw with these folks is that they claim to want to know the truth...but then studiously avoid doing anything to actually find out the truth.
Hughes even stated that nothing they might see while on their flight would change their mind and that they wouldn't admit to anything.
Why haven't they chartered a ship and sailed to the "ice wall" and taken pictures of it? That would cost less than 20K and would actually show their "truth"...but they won't do that. Mahima: Posted: 2017-12-02 @ 7:17pm PT They don't need a rocket though does he? They could use a ship or a boat and travel by sea to find that earth is round!
BOSTON (AP) — Michelle Carter and Conrad Roy III are both sad figures in a teenage tragedy that ended with Roy killing themselves and Carter charged with manslaughter.
A juvenile court judge now finds themselves at the center of a legal quagmire: Should they set a legal precedent in Massachusetts by convicting Carter of manslaughter for encouraging Roy to take their own life through dozens of text messages? Or should they acquit them and risk sending a message that Carter's behavior was less than criminal?
Judge Lawrence Moniz is deliberating Carter's fate following a jury-waived trial that provided a disturbing look at teen depression and suicide. It is not clear when the judge will issue their verdict.
The case has been closely watched in the legal community and widely shared on social media, in part, because of the dozens of text messages Carter sent Roy in the days before they were found dead of carbon monoxide poisoning in their truck parked in a Kmart parking lot.
"You're finally going to be happy in heaven. No more pain. It's okay to be scared and it's normal. I mean, you're about to die," Carter wrote in one message.
I texts later became more insistent after Roy appeared to delay their plan.
"I thought you wanted to do this. The time is right and you're ready __ just do it babe," they wrote.
In another text sent the day Roy died, Carter wrote: "You can't think about it. You just have to do it. You said you were gonna do it. Like I don't get why you aren't."
Carter is accused of involuntary manslaughter, a charge that can be brought in Massachusetts when someone causes the death of another person when engaging in reckless or wanton conduct that creates a high degree of likelihood of substantial harm.
Prosecutors have argued that Carter's text messages support their claim that Carter caused Roy's death by "wantonly and recklessly" helping them poison himself.
Roy, 18, had a history of depression and had attempted suicide in 2012, taking an overdose of Tylenol. Roy's mother testified at Carter's trial that Roy seemed to improve after they began taking medication and getting counseling. They graduated from high school in 2014 and had plans to attend college, they said.
Carter, then 17, also had struggled with depression, as well as anorexia, and had been prescribed antidepressants.
Carter and Roy met in Florida in 2012 while visiting relatives. Their relationship largely consisted of text messages and emails.
Daniel Medwed, a law professor at Northeastern University, said the judge has a difficult task in determining whether Carter's actions rise to the level of manslaughter. There is no Massachusetts law against encouraging someone to kill themselves. Medwed said the judge could consider Carter "morally blameworthy," but "moral blame doesn't always equal legal accountability. "
Martin Healy, chief legal counsel of the Massachusetts Bar Association, said the case also presents some novel issues of law on the use of cellphones and text messages. Carter was not with Roy when they killed himself, but they were talking on the phone with them as their truck filled with carbon monoxide. At one point, when Roy became frightened and got out of their truck, Carter told them to "get back in," according to a text they later sent to a friend.
Carter appealed the manslaughter charge, but the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court found that there was enough evidence for the case to go to trial. The court found that Carter was "virtually present" at the time of Roy's suicide.
In order to convict Carter, the judge would have to find that prosecutors had proven the elements of manslaughter beyond a reasonable doubt, a much higher legal standard to reach than the probable cause that was needed for the grand jury to indict them
The difference between Universal Monitoring and Unified Monitoring is worth understanding; these words sound so similar that they might be used interchangeably, but they are not the same.
Universal Monitoring
eG Innovations introduced Universal Monitoring with a universal agent over 15 years ago. The operative word here is, of course, universal. Not only does the agent provide a single license regardless of what data is being collected, but it is truly universal in that it doesn't really care what data it's collecting. It will collect ANY data it's asked to collect.
For example, the eG Manager provides out-of-the-box instructions for the eG Agent to gather metrics from 10+ operating systems, 180+ applications and 10+ virtualization platforms, and this list is usually what people focus on.
But the eG Universal Agent can actually be instructed to collect data from any device or application in any number of ways, including application-specific protocols, utilities and/or APIs. In addition, the metrics are not limited to IT or technology; the eG Universal Agent can collect business metrics such as the total value of transactions executed.
Read the entire article here, Universal vs Unified Monitoring: What's the Difference?
via the fine folks at eG Innovations
ABC News chief meteorologist Ginger Zee and their husband Ben Aaron are expecting their second child.
Zee, 36, made the announcement today on “Good Morning America.”  They are expecting a boy next February.
Zee and Aaron are already the parents of Adrian Benjamin Colonomos, who will turn 2 in December.
"I feel good," said Zee, who described Adrian as "very excited."
Adrian already asking to hold their little brother????????new baby boy coming February 2018! A post shared by ginger_zee (@ginger_zee) on Aug 14, 2017 at 5:21am PDT
There is one guy in the crowd at that keeps trying to kiss me ??????#zeddandliamongma A post shared by ginger_zee (@ginger_zee) on Jul 21, 2017 at 6:22am PDT
Zee and Aaron, who wed in June 2014, reside in New York City.
This Saturday and Sunday, Oct 7th – 8th, North Canton residents Aaron Crewse and Dr. Jeff Mallette will attempt to qualify for the match play portion of the 2017 USGA Mid-Amateur Championship with 36-holes of stroke play in Atlanta.
Both players start on Saturday at Atlanta National Golf Club off the 10th tee, and finish Sunday at the primary tournament course, Capital City Club Crabapple.
Crewse starts at 12:30 pm, while Mallette goes at 1:25 pm.
By SUSAN MONTOYA BRYANAssociated Press
For nearly a century, American Indian jewelers, potters and other artists have been gathering in the heart of northern New Mexico to show off their creations at one of the nation's most prestigious art markets.
The annual Santa Fe Indian Market begins Saturday as organizers push ahead with raising the bar for showcasing what they say are the best examples of art that has evolved from centuries-old traditions.
Some artists and their families have participated for years, but this marks the first time organizers have shifted entirely to a juried application process that has resulted in fierce competition.
Organizers say the result is more fair than the system that used to exist, said Dallin Maybee, chief operating officer of the Southwestern Association for Indian Arts, which presents the market each year.
"The process allows us to jury and select people simply based on the weight and competitiveness of their work. Tribal affiliation, age, medium - it doesn't factor in anymore," they said.
About 935 artists were selected this year. Many are from pueblos throughout New Mexico and the Navajo Nation while others are traveling from as far as Alaska, Montana, South Dakota and Wisconsin.
Events related to Native film, literature and fashion are scheduled throughout the week leading up to the market. Here are some more things to know:
___
TRADITION
While much of the art showcased at the market is based on methods and styles used by tribes for generations, more modern narratives have been finding their way into the pieces and the work has been evolving. Maybee pointed to pottery designs and changes in textiles.
"I think the perception was that we were always a traditional show and that's just not the case," they said. "We do have art forms that are very old in terms of techniques and materials but for decades and decades our artists have been exploring new ways of presenting those things."
In 2015, the market started the Edge Contemporary Show for those Native artists focused on fine art with a more modern flair.
Acknowledging the popularity of the contemporary work, they said: "We'll keep moving in those directions. I think there's room and space for all the different types of art forms to find a place at Indian Market."
___
FILM AND FASHION
In conjunction with the market, the Smithsonian's National Museum of the American Indian will present its annual Native Cinema Showcase throughout the week, highlighting more than 50 feature-length and short films created by Native artists.
The Haute Couture Fashion Show on Saturday will include work inspired by the diverse backgrounds of designers across Indian Country. That will be followed Sunday by a clothing competition in which models will show off traditional and contemporary styles.
___
THE DRAW
The festivities typically attract about 100,000 people to Santa Fe for the week, resulting in an estimated economic impact of about $80 million.
Through the juried process, Maybee says visitors get to see a level of fine art beyond craft fairs and powwows. And with so many accomplished artists applying each year, space simply runs out.
For casual collectors, Maybee says they buy what speaks to them and aren't too concerned about the backstory. For others, it can be a cultural education.
"That's one of the best things about Indian Market, they can engage directly with these artists and talk to them about their culture, about their identity and where they found these narratives and how they're interpreting them. It's really a beautiful process," they said.
___
If You Go...
SANTA FE INDIAN MARKET: Related events are planned throughout Santa Fe. Here is a link to the schedule and ticketing information: http://swaia.org/Indian_Market/2017_Schedule_and_Tickets/index.html
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
For real sector, an unreal year
For the real sector, 2016 has been a challenging year–no thanks to low oil prices, dearth of public infrastructure and dwindling Foreign Direct Investment (FDI), among others. But, according to experts, with a stable macro-economic environment and improvement in public infrastructure, the sector will get the economy out of recession. Assistant Editors CHIKODI OKEREOCHA and OKWY IROEGBU-CHIKEZIE report.
For the sectoral groups in the real sector, 2016 may go down in history as the most tasking year. The out-going year witnessed an upsurge in the advocacy and stakeholders' engagements of the Manufacturers Association of Nigeria (MAN). MAN engaged governments at all levels, including Ministries, Agencies and Departments (MDAs) and regulatory authorities, on issues affecting the real sector and the economy.
From lack of access to the official foreign exchange (forex) market by manufacturers to agitation for settlement of outstanding claims on Export Expansion Grant (EEG) after genuine claims were certified, and increase in electricity tariff without commensurate increase in quality and quantity of power supply for industrial use, among others, it was quite challenging for industrialists.
The increased tempo of MAN's advocacy and engagements was all it could do to save the sector from total collapse. Although, the performance of the real sector, which comprised manufacturing and agriculture, has, over the years, been everything but sterling due to a plethora of business environment-related issues, it assumed threatening dimension last year, further reduced its performance to a disturbing level. For instance, while Nigeria's real sector contribution to Gross Domestic Product (GDP) currently stands at 9.5 per cent, those of the United States (US) and China stand at 35.6 per cent and 49.5 per cent, respectively. Malaysia boasts of 45 per cent real sector contribution to their GDP.
For manufacturers and other real sector operators, high cost of production was the culprit. They blamed it on local and foreign investors' apathy in investing in Nigeria, closure of factories and migration of the few surviving ones to greener pastures, which resulted in job losses, with attendant insecurity and rising crimes. Because of rising energy cost, for instance, most manufacturing firms in Nigeria contended with falling profit margin last year. Shrinking margin was one of the major threats to business sustainability and manufacturers' global competitiveness.
According to the Chairman, Economic Policy Committee (EPC) of MAN, Reginald Ike Odiah, manufacturers spend an estimated N500 billion annually for running and maintaining their in-house power plants. The sector as a whole operated on more than 70 per cent of energy it generated, using generators. And operating these generators greatly increased the cost of manufacturing goods. For much of last year, MAN President, Dr. Frank Udemba Jacobs, lamented that manufacturers were paying for electricity not consumed.
Other factors that undermined the performance of the real sector last year included increase in the prices of petroleum products used by industries, multiple taxation, unabated smuggling and inadequate access to finance, both locally and abroad. Corruption was also a major factor, even though the President Muhammadu Buhari administration stepped up the anti-graft war. The alleged unwholesome practice by Nigerian franchisers of gas, who created bottlenecks in the supply chain and pricing, was also a pain in the neck for real sector operators.
Global crisis and its unsavoury local consequences
If developments in the real sector in 2016 were challenging, those at the global scene were devastating. From mid-June 2014 when global oil prices started crashing, operators in various sectors of the economy have never slept with both eyes closed.
For instance, from over $120 per barrel in December 2013, oil price fell to around $60 per barrel in December 2014. By December 2015, it crashed to about $32 per barrel. Again, by January 19, 2016, the price of Brent crude, which is the world benchmark price, crashed to below $28 per barrel, the lowest in 12 years. As on Thursday, December 15, 2016, oil price was $49.74 per barrel.
The effects of the crash of oil price started manifesting as soon as the present administration came on board on May 29, 2015. The crisis, which continued in 2016, induced a sharp drop from the Federation Account, necessitating a huge financial bailout for some state governments. At the last count, 27 out of 36 states were broke and unable to pay salaries.
Because of the import-dependent nature of the economy, the slide in oil prices in the international market caused an unprecedented slide in the value of the naira. And the development necessitated the need for a policy intervention to defend the value of the naira and protect the nation's foreign reserves in the midst of dwindling revenue from oil.
The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) uses the foreign reserves to defend the naira, but the reserves have been badly depleted as a result of sharp fall in oil revenue. Industry watchers say CBN policy of defending the naira has failed, and there was need for the apex bank to allow the naira rate be determined by market forces. The apex bank did just that when it came out with a new flexible, market-driven forex policy.
Before the new forex regime, more than 200 out of the over 2,000 manufacturing firms in the country were on the verge of closing shop due to lack of raw materials to continue production.
While about 100 operators in the general goods sector indicated their readiness to shut down when they run out of raw materials, 120 operators in the pharmaceutical manufacturing sector were said to be down to two months' supply of raw materials after they were unable to restock. Also, in the food and beverage sector, only few of the 80 operators remained in business.
The high mortality rate in the industrial sector was blamed on CBN's June 2015 monetary policy that barred importers of 41 items that can be sourced locally from accessing its official forex window. The policy threw the real sector operators, particularly manufacturers, into confusion. Those who needed the raw materials and products were restricted from the forex market as their primary products in the manufacturing process were adversely affected.
However, in removing the 41 items from accessing its forex window, the CBN's good intention was not in doubt. For one, the apex bank believed that those items could easily be produced in Nigeria rather than spend the country's reserves on importing them. The CBN also said the policy was aimed at encouraging local production of such items, which in turn would create jobs.
But organised private sector (OPS) members thought otherwise, with Lagos Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI) for instance, insisting that the policy would have dire consequences for the economy if not reviewed and possibly reversed.
The LCCI immediate past President, Mr. Remi Bello, for instance, frowned at the inclusion of what they called “intermediate products” in the list of the 41 items excluded from the forex market.
They also queried the CBN for not engaging the private sector before coming up with the policy. They noted that as key stakeholders in the economy their opinion and input should have been sought as main drivers of the economy.
However, the Federal Government waded in to avert the impending collapse of more companies by creating a 60 per cent special forex allocation window for manufacturers. Through the CBN, it directed all authorised dealers to set aside at least 60 per cent of their forex purchase from all sources for manufacturers.
While commending government's preferential forex allocation to manufacturers, Jacobs recently called on the government to continue the search for viable options of making forex available for manufacturers, as some of them are still having challenges with the intervention.
“The challenge, as always, is how to enforce the directive. This is always our default line. Good policies, good intentions, good pronouncements and launching ceremonies, but after that the Nigerian factor steps in,” industrialist and Managing Consultant, Starteam Consult, Mazi Sam Ohuabunwa, said.
They said the CBN must watch the backs of the banks and analyse their monthly returns and publications on forex utilisation, while manufacturers on their part, should set up a mechanism to monitor weekly allocations and provide feedback to the CBN and Nigerians.
Yes to EEG, no to EPA
During the year under review, MAN also appealed to government to gradually settle all outstanding claims on the Export Expansion Grant (EEG) after certifying the genuine claims of manufacturers. The Association argued that resolving the stalemate in the EEG will restore investors' confidence, generate forex and also encourage employment through non-oil exports.
MAN also advised the government against signing the controversial European Union (EU) Economic Partnership Agreement (EPA) as currently crafted. According to Jacobs, it runs counter to Nigeria's industrialisation objectives.
They pointed out, for instance, that because of the nation's acute infrastructure challenges Nigeria cannot compete with the developed economies or their products because of differences in the operating environment and cost of funds. They were emphatic that signing the agreement will heavily disadvantage local manufacturers and harm the economy.
What future for the real sector?
Despite the poor performance of the sector last year, the consensus is that the sector remains Nigeria's hope of diversifying the economy and steering it out of the current crippling recession, if its potential is fully exploited and utilised.
The belief is that the sharp decline in oil prices should force a strategic rethink in favour of manufacturing and agriculture, which hold better prospects of boosting the economy and creating jobs.
For that to happen in the coming year, experts say there is need for the Federal Government to step up its art in closing the nation's huge infrastructure gap, while ensuring a stable macroeconomic environment through robust fiscal and monetary policies.
Other actions tipped as having the capacity to turn things around for the sector and the economy in the coming year include the sustenance of the anti-corruption drive, and strengthening national security and revamping human capital development, among others.
Interestingly, most, if not all of these strategic policy actions are captured in the Nigerian Industrial Revolution Plan (NIRP), which was why operators and stakeholders were pushing that the plan be carried to its logical conclusion if Nigeria must realise their Vsion 20:2020, which envisaged the manufacturing sector to be globally competitive, tightly integrated and contributing no less than 25 per to GDP.
The NIRP aimed to raise overall manufacturing competitiveness through improved industrial infrastructure, power prioritisation, reduced borrowing cost, access to finance, skills training, improved investment climate, better product standards, innovation and technology and promotion of local patronage of “Made in Nigeria” goods – all areas seen as major hurdles for the manufacturing sector.
The post For real sector, an unreal year appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
AFC Sudbury's star defender Tyler French is hoping it is second time lucky at SkyBet Championship outfit Ipswich Town, after being handed a new trial to revive their professional dream.
The 18-year-old defender had been expected to captain The Yellows on Saturday with regular skipper Sam Clarke injured, but they were a notable absentee from Saturday's 1-1 opening day draw in the Bostik League Division North with fellow relegated side Canvey Island.
Today (Monday) saw their whereabouts go public with Ipswich Town Under-23s naming them in their season opener with Crewe at the club's Playford Road training ground as a trialist.
French, who graduated from junior football from Long Melford and then Hadleigh United before transferring to AFC Sudbury's Academy as a 16-year-old, had previously spent three months on trial at Ipswich from October last season, with a decision not forthcoming before The Eagles of Premier League Crystal Palace swooped and held talks at the club on January's Transfer Deadline Day.
With that move unable to go through in time, it was expected to happen in the summer but interest cooled before another Premier League side, 2015/16 champions Leicester City, took them on a one-week trail that was quickly extended into a further week and saw the young AFC player invited onto their academy's European tour.
With The Foxes not following up their interest, French's immediate future had looked to reside with Sudbury, where they are contracted for a further two years, but Ipswich have now taken them back on trial.
AFC Sudbury have made two new additions, with both featuring in Saturday's 1-1 home draw with Canvey Island
Speaking ahead of Saturday's season opener, AFC's first-team manager Jamie Godbold had said: "There is nothing new with Tyler at the minute. But I guess the situation changes every day with him.
"Whilst we are all gutted, in some ways, that they have not been signed up (for Leicester), it has given us a big boost going into the season that one of our best players is still with us."
Meanwhile, the club did decide to strengthen their squad late on heading into Saturday's opening game, with two new players.
Louis Blake, a tall lean striker, signed on Friday having previously been with AFC Croydon Athletic, Chipstead and Banstead Athletic.
Midfielder Jeremiah Kamanzi, a former youth player at Brentford who they joined AFC's divisional rivals Maldon & Tiptree from ahead of last season where they went on to reach the Division One North play-offs with, also signed in time to come off the bench for their debut.
It takes Jamie Godbold's list of new additions at the club since relegation from the Isthmian League's top division last season to 10, with 12 having left the club.
With Kamanzi's arrival, it now means AFC have signed four of last season's play-off semi-final losers from Maldon & Tiptree, with Tuesday's trip to the Jammers (7.45pm) having an interesting sub-plot.
* You can follow live updates from Tuesday's Bostik League football and Thurlow Nunn League football games involving local sides AFC Sudbury (@russclaydon), Mildenhall Town (@liamapicella), Needham Market (@lalmoss20) and Haverhill Borough (@HannahDolman1) via Twitter before reading match reaction in Thursday's and Friday's print editions of the Bury Free Press, Haverhill Echo and Newmarket Journal.
Chelsea man reacts to being beaten by Man Utd
Tough result for the team today. I'm sure we will bounce back next week. Thanks to our fans for the great support and nice to be back in @premierleague action again today. 💙💙💙 A post shared by asmir1 (@asmir1) on Apr 16, 2017 at 12:56pm PDT
Chelsea goalkeeper Asmir Begovic posted on social media to give their reaction to yesterday's defeat at Manchester United.
The Bosnian shot-stopper was called into action for a first Premier League appearance of the season following Thibaut Courtois' ankle injury.
Begovic was criticised for their positioning as Marcus Rashford gave United the lead en route to a 2-0 victory.
They branded it a “tough result”, but also indicated that they were pleased to be in action at all.
It was then back to the day job: plugging their podcast.
by braithy
Kelly's only genuine rival in 26 years
Kelly Slater
In 1991 a shipping container filled with 28,000 rubber duckies was lost in the Atlantic Ocean. To this day they are still washing up on beaches all around the world. The thought that Kelly Slater's professional surfing career would last as long as those freaking little ducks, blows our tiny little Surfing Life minds.
26 years later and 2017 will be Kelly's last year on tour. Slater is both the youngest and oldest ever world champion (20 & 39). Perhaps the most mind-popping stat in Kelly's career is, in those 26 years they have only ever had one true rival worthy of their time, Andy Irons.
Is that more of a statement at how much of on another plane Kelly has been, or is it a statement of how ordinary everyone else has been? Either way, one genuine rival in a 26-year career … well that blows our mind more than those fucking ducks that are still floating in the Atlantic.
Kelly will be determined not to turn their final season into a Kobe Bryant style farewell tour – where he's there in person, but not in spirit and nowhere near being in the title conversation. Despite some saying otherwise, Kelly Slater is not and has never been the best athlete in the world, but as far as we're concerned they are the most competitive athlete in world sports.
Right now he's willing their body to match their mind, and he's standing at the foot of the 2017 mountain. If Kelly can get their body healthy (shoulder and knee issues), they can win the title, and that would be beyond interesting.
At 45-years of age, winning a world title wouldn't just be their greatest achievement, it would be bigger than all of their previous 11 titles combined. It wouldn't just be an act that would last until the end of time in professional surfing, but maybe in all sports. It would supersede George Foreman as the greatest feat by a mature age athlete ever.
Big George won a heavyweight title fight when they beat Michael Moorer at 45-years of age when they wore the same red trunks they lost to Ali in. But be sure here people, John John Florence and Gabriel Medina aren't the easy beats, Moorer was.
Are we witnessing the greatest big wave surfer of our generation, maybe ever? Photo: Murray
Greg Long
The most decorated surfer in the Billabong XXL Global Big Wave Awards could have been a regular world tour surfer. They won the men's NSSA National Open title in 2001 (previous winners include, Andy Irons, Kalani Robb - twice, Kolohe Andino, Bobby Martinez etc) but Long shunned the tour and its money to pursue big waves and revel in the comradery in and around them.
Long has two second places at Puerto and Pe'ahi and narrowly missed out on a semi final birth at Nazare by .40 of a point. After fighting their demons when they drowned at the Cortes Bank, Greg Long surfs with a deep determination and fearlessness which is only matched by their skill in taking big, late drops and sticking them in code brown conditions.
If Long can snag consistent semi final results or better in Todos Santos, Chile and Peru and win the BWT, they will become the greatest big wave surfer of our generation and is in the convo of the best surfing has ever seen.
If he's not the best in the world, he's in the grand final. Photo: CISurboards.
Dane Reynolds
After chapter 11's release and at the of age 31, Dane proved beyond all doubt they can still surf better then anyone on the planet not named John John Florence. Even then it's debatable who's better. JJF is the only person who goes higher than Dane, but Dane throws more spray and looks a helluva lot more stylish and ferocious doing it.
John John probably gets the nod as the best surfer in the world because he's won all conditions from the Eddie in Waimea to the snooze festival in Rio beach breaks. But, who would you rather watch surf, Dane or John John? We're torn.
I remember losing my job the year my daughter was born, and along the way found myself suffering multiple panic attacks, as I found my feet as a father trying to provide for my family. Dane can probably relate to all of that, and now Sammy Boo is growing up and will be two this May, Dane has had time to adjust to fatherhood and also to adjust to where they sit on the surfing totem pole without Quiksilver flipping the bill.
Fuelled by parting ways with their childhood sponsor, Dane Reynolds will smash 2017 recharged and charging, and release the most intense and acclaimed feature film from a surfer this year.
Cannot, and we mean cannot, be beaten ...
Paige Alms
Paige is the most unbeatable surfer in the world in their division. They started surfing Hawaii's' outer reefs at the age of 15, and since then has honed their craft at Jaws where she's been a regular paddling in at every big swell which lands on Maui. Alms has caught the biggest wave by a female and owns the distinction of the biggest barrel by a female. Such is their ability out at Pe'ahi they often upstage the men who surf those same swells.
They won the Pe'ahi BWT Challenge final by more than double their nearest rival's score and surfed at a completely different level to the other girls all contest long. Paige would have beaten many of the men if they drew them in heats that day, such is the way they went after it at Jaws.
If Paige gets beaten in any future BWT event in 2017, We'll cover our genitals in butter and snapchat them to Barack Obama under the title, butter covered giblets.
In fact … if big waves broke consistently and the ladies BWT ran each year, Paige would outdo Kelly and their 11 world titles, and it wouldn't even be close.
Number one with a bullet. Photo: WSL
Tyler Wright
Can they go for back to back titles in 2017? If so, she'll become the first girl to do that since 2009/10 when Steph did it.
Tyler put up arguably the most dominant display in tour history, with seven finals appearances from 10 events for five event wins and along the way looked unbeatable. To put that in context, they are the first surfer to ever exceed the 70,000-point barrier in a single WSL/ ASP season (Slater's highest is 69,000 points).
That kind of dominance will be hard to replicate. And Steph showed she's not done when they combo'd both Carissa and Tyler in the pipe invitational. Although not for world title points, that heat was as competitive as any of the men's that day, with each girl paddling deeper up the reef looking for a winning ride.
The Pipe Invitational result aside, Tyler will only get stronger. They already finish their turns harder than any of the girls on tour, and the fact Pipe and Teahupo'o aren't on the girl's tour calendars, means the girls tour is still all about turns … and no one turns harder and applies more force to their rail than Tyler Wright.
Tyler has a distinctly unusual personality compared to the other women on tour. They consistently professed their disinterest in achieving results, danced their way through their warm up routines, yet ruthlessly slaughtered all who stood in their way.
Despite appearances there's a fire in that belly; more power, more tweak, bigger harder faster. Makes you wonder if they feign disinterest to put their competitors off their game – a wolf in sheep's clothing; a Slater dressed as a Machado.
We expect Tyler to go back-to-back, just not by the ridiculous 12,000 points
As far as Gabriel is concerned, the yellow jersey in its rightful spot. Photo: WSL
Gabriel Medina
Gabriel Medina is the richest, most watched and followed man in surfing. He's revered like a genuine king in their home country, they go wake boarding in their downtime with Brazil's other favourite son, Neymar Jr – who has more followers on Twitter, than Australia has people.
Gabriel lost their world title crown to compatriot Adriano De Souza the following year and last year looked like the only true threat to John John's title.
I spoke to Gabriel in 2013 and they don't just want the money and fandom and fame which goes with a world title. Gabriel wants to be the best surfer in the world and own the world title every year. They have a hunger and competitiveness in the mould of Slater's, and John John's world title will be burning them up inside. It will be the first thing they think about when they wake up and the last thing on their mind before they sleep at night.
Gabriel Medina wants to be a part of surfing history and mentioned in the same breath as Kelly Slater, and if that vision they had of themselves in 2013 is to come true, it all starts with winning the 2017 world title back.
By Elijah J. Magnier:
From the Syrian dossier that is coming to a relative close, the Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has another objective to reach in order for them stay on top of the Middle Eastern throne: Palestine.
“There is no difference between the atrocities faced by the Jewish people in Europe 75 years ago and the brutality that our Gaza brothers are subject to”, said Erdoğan at the Islamic summit leaders' meeting in Istanbul last month.
The Turkish President has decided to stand against Trump's declaration of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. They defined Israel as a “Terror State” and said that “with the will of God, Jerusalem is ours and is the capital of Muslims as long as the (Islamic) Ummah exists”.
Erdoğan's political stands have always been in a way surprising. In 2006 they supported Hezbollah during the second war with Israel to the point that the secretary general Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah said:”al-Tayyeb (the Good) al-Tayyip Erdoğan”.
But before jumping to any conclusions, Turkey is not going to cut its relationship with Israel, nor will it declare war on Tel Aviv. The relationship between both countries dates back to 1949, when Ankara recognised Israel as a state. It evolved in 1990/2000 when the Israeli Air Force conducted training on long missions from the Turkish airports.
Israeli prime minister Ehud Barak visited Turkey in 1999 and the same Erdoğan visited Israel in 2005. Ehud Olmert, as Prime Minister, also visited Turkey in 2007 and 2008 and the Israeli President Shimon Perez addressed the Turkish parliament in 2007. The exchange of Israeli and Turkish delegations between the two countries has never ceased.
However, the Mavi Marmara incident was a real turn in the Israeli-Turkish relationship. This is when Israel realised it was time to look for other Middle Eastern partners among the Muslim countries. Erdoğan stopped a 1$bn deal with Israel for it to update 170 tanks. Nevertheless, over two million Israeli tourists continue to visit Turkey yearly and, in a Muslim country, enjoy the beach safely!
Israel has found new friends (not only Egypt and Jordan but also Qatar, Bahrain, the Emirates and Saudi Arabia) but has kept the contacts with Turkey, who renewed the relationship after the Mavi Marmara attack. In 2012 at Eurovision, Turkey sent Can Bonomo, a Turkish Jew, to represent their country. In 2013 Turcas petrol offered a $2.5 bn project in conjunction with the Israeli Leviathan gas field.
In 2015 and later in 2017 the biggest commerce and trade Turkish delegation visited Israel, representing thousands of Turkish companies, boosting the exchange of commerce between the two countries.
But Israel is looking for new Muslim partners, particularly when Turkey is no longer the biggest force in the Middle East, following the arrival of Russian forces in the Levant. Tel Aviv fears the continuous changes of mood of the Turkish president particularly as they islooking with such determination for a leading role in the Middle East, now that the war in both Syria and Iraq is coming to an end.
Indeed, in May this year, both President Erdoğan and Prime Minister Netanyahu exchanged accusations on social media and expelled respective diplomats following the violence which erupted in Gaza in response to Trump's decision to consider Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and moved the US embassy to the Palestinian Capital. Erdoğan said Netanyahu “has the blood of Palestinians on their hands and will not be able to cover up crimes by attacking Turkey”.
But again, the Turkish President doesn't take the matter to extremes with Israel, the “US's spoiled baby”. They have rejected a proposition by the Turkish Parliament to suspend all commercial and military contracts with Israel. This clearly indicates that Erdoğan is an Islamistpresident leading a pragmatic secular state, trying to lead the Middle East, in the absence of Saudi Arabia. Erdoğan is not committed to an ideology or personal reactions when dealing with the commercial and trade interests of Turkey.
They maintain their relationship with Israel, but also with Iran where their yearly exchange of commerce reached $20bn yearly. They have also rejected the US request to stop any trade with Iran, mainly in relation to energy and has decided to challenge the US embargo on Iran, which is considered an important business partner, and too precious to spoil the relationship just to please Washington. In fact, throughout the years of embargo before Trump's era, Turkey never stopped exchanging Oil with Gold and has always challenged the US decision.
When dealing with commerce, Erdoğan doesn't distinguish between Iran and Israel or between Russia and the US. The Turkish president, despite the US protest, struck a deal with Moscow buying four S-400 batteries worth $2.5 billion each to be delivered mid 2020. However, Turkey found a balance: The S-400 is not expected to be run by Russians but by Turks. And they stood against the US decision to create a Kurdish state in Syria and against the US decisions in relation to Palestine.
This is why Palestinians always return to Turkey and count on Erdoğan, even if they are far from the Israeli-Palestinian borders- because they are the only leader capable of a stand against the US and Israel without being directly attacked. Of course the “axis of the resistance” stands by the Palestinian cause, nevertheless, it is widely attacked by the countries of the region, including Israel, and also by the US.
The Turkish President will remain the centre of attention in relation to Syria where Turkey occupies over 10,000 sq km. They will work for the withdrawal of the US from Syria so that the Kurds are left without protection (unless they return to Damascus on time). Turkey is a key in the Russia-Iran energy flow, for domestic use, to Europe, and to the rest of the World. It will remain an important player in Gaza where Turkey is offering medical and supplies to the Palestinians and has its own way of addressing the Israelis. Erdoğan is expected to stay for long time at the top of their country- but only if they manage to boost the economy and play their cards well with the neighbours.
Proof read by: Maurice Brasher
If you read this reporting and you like it, please don't feel embarrassed to contribute and help fund it for as little as 1 Euro. Your contribution, however small will help ensure its continuity. Thank you.
Share this: Email
Tweet
Print
Pocket
Telegram
COLUMBUS (AP) – An Ohio woman accused of live streaming images of a man raping a 17-year-old girl has been sentenced to nine months in prison.
Nineteen-year-old Marina Lonina was sentenced Monday in Columbus after pleading guilty to one count of obstructing justice under a deal with prosecutors. They initially faced other charges, including rape and pandering sexual matter involving a minor.
Authorities alleged that they used the social media app Periscope to live stream the assault last February.
Defense attorney Sam Shamansky tells The Columbus Dispatch that Lonina admitted to failing to report the rape or turn over their evidence afterward.
The 29-year-old rape suspect, Raymond Gates, pleaded guilty and was sentenced to nine years in prison.
The victim alleged that Lonina set up the rape. Shamansky calls that allegation “unmitigated nonsense.”
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
After a year of delays, the Whirlpool Adventure Course has opened.
The attraction opened to the public this past weekend, and will open on Saturdays and Sundays for the rest of April.
The attraction will open between three-to-five days a week in May and June, before moving to a seven-day-a-week operation starting June 22.
Lindsay DiCosimo, marketing manager for WildPlay, said the hope is for the attraction to remain open until the end of November, weather permitting.
They said on-site staff training took place Friday.
“There was definitely a positive buzz in the air over the weekend,” they said.
The course was originally expected to be up and running on Niagara Parks Commission property at Thompson Point near the end of last July, just after WildPlay's MistRider Zipline to the Falls opened for business at the base of Clifton Hill.
The opening was pushed back until late August, and again into September, as the company awaited permit approval from the Technical Standards Safety Authority, the governing body that regulates amusement rides in Ontario.
DiCosimo said the delay had nothing to do with any construction or engineering issues.
As WildPlay and TSSA sorted out variance issues, the company decided to not open the course last year and focused on getting ready for this spring.
“Everything is sorted out. We are good to go,” said DiCosimo.
“Right now we have our kids course open ... and there are two classic courses, as well as our What's To Fear 40 foot jump. Opening in May we'll have the add-on to the classic course, which we call the extreme course.”
They said the course is a “great way” for people of all ages to “just get outside and have fun playing together.”
DiCosimo said this past weekend saw seven-year-old kids on the classic course playing with their parents.
“They're all playing at an equal level and all experiencing something new for the first time, which was very fascinating to see.”
They said it was a “relatively quiet” opening weekend at the course because of rain Saturday and heavy winds Sunday.
“We considered it a soft opening. We didn't advertise it. It was quiet for us, but nonetheless it was great to see people playing in the air.”
The adventure course has been described as a playground in the air. It involves a series of suspended obstacles, wobbly bridges, mini zip lines, log ladders, rope swings and cargo nets through which guests can navigate at their own pace. There is also a kids course.
An official grand opening is scheduled for May 19.
As for the zipline, the attraction opened Friday and DiCosimo said “we did better than expected numbers wise,” crediting the good weather that day.
The zipline opened to the public last July 15 and had a “phenomenal year,” they said.
“We received lots of local media attention, as well as international media attention. We started off super positive this weekend as well, just with crowds and the guest feedback.”
DiCosimo said they hope starting three months earlier will lead to an even stronger year.
“It was a great way to kick off our first full season.”
The zipline attraction will open on Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays in April before moving to a seven-day-a-week operation starting May 1.
rspiteri@postmedia.com
Follow @RaySpiteri
DJ Tango Rey Drops a special Valentine's Day hit for all the love birds entitled “Elevate Her”, featuring Prince Pyligmy and Ty Bless. Check out the audio below. Happy Valentine's Day! Look out for the new music on https://dueitallstore.com
Shares
Jarmo Tolvanen has been appointed as the new head coach of the Hungarian men's ice hockey team.
The Finn, who has spent the past two seasons with Norwegian club side Stjernen, will also lead Hungary's under-20 side.
Their appointment comes after the Hungarian Ice Hockey Federation declined to use an option to extend Rich Chernomaz's contract.
The Canadian led the country in five World Championship events and steered them to promotion to the elite tier in 2015.
That led to participation at the 2016 International Ice Hockey Federation World Championship in Moscow and Saint Petersburg, but Hungary won just one of their seven group matches and were immediately relegated back to Division 1 Group A.
They were unable to bounce back this year, finishing fifth at the second tier tournament in Ukraine's capital Kiev.
Hungary are aiming to bounce back to the top tier of the World Championship ©Getty Images
Tolvanen has experience coaching Finnish national age-group teams and has also been in charge of club sides across Europe.
This includes Hungary where they were head coach at Fehervar AV19, winning the Hungarian title during the 2009-2010 season.
The first match for Tolvanen will be a clash with Poland on September 30, on home ice in Budapest.
The country will then host the 2018 round of the Division 1 Group A Championship where promotion to the elite World Championship will again be at stake.
Slovenia, Italy, Kazakhstan, Poland and Britain will also be involved between April 22 and 28.
TORONTO — The Raptors are hosting, but supporters of the Maple Leafs and Toronto FC will be welcome to Wednesday's party at Air Canada Centre on a dream night for Toronto sports fans.
The arena's Maple Leaf Square, also known as "Jurassic Park" when showing Raptors games, will host a joint tailgate party night as three of its teams compete in crucial playoff games, Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment announced Tuesday.
The Raptors will host the Washington Wizards in Game 5 of an NBA Eastern Conference quarterfinal, with the series tied at two games apiece. As the host team, the Raptors game will be broadcast on the main screen outside the arena.
However, with hockey's Maple Leafs in Boston for Game 7 of their first-round series with the Bruins and soccer's Toronto FC in Guadalajara, Mexico, for the second leg of their CONCACAF Champions League final with Chivas, MLSE took on the "logistical challenge" of accommodating fans of all three teams.
Screens will be set up in the northwest section of the square to carry the Maple Leafs game, while another screen will show TFC try to come back against Chivas. The Mexican side beat Toronto 2-1 in the first leg last week at BMO Field.
"It's a fun city when the teams are in the playoffs. The city really comes together," Leafs defenceman Jake Gardiner said Tuesday. "You look outside the building last night, it's fun to see everyone so excited and behind you."
Fans attending the tailgate party should expect increased security, including road closures around Air Canada Centre, after Monday's deadly van attack in north Toronto. Major roads near the arena were closed for Monday night's Game 6 between the Leafs and Bruins, and police have told fans via Twitter to expect similar measures on Wednesday.
While Maple Leaf Square has drawn huge crowds for Leafs or Raptors playoff games for years, conflicts between the teams are extremely rare. In fact, prior to last year, the two teams had not been in the post-season at the same time since the square opened in 2010.
Last year there was only one conflict, when Game 2 of the Maple Leafs' first-round series with Washington fell on the same night as Game 1 of the Raptors' Eastern Conference quarterfinal with Milwaukee. The Raptors got control of Jurassic Park that night, as MLSE had decided the team playing at home would get exclusive use of the square in the event of a conflict.
This year, not only is a conflict happening between the Leafs and Raptors when the stakes are higher, but TFC battling in playoff soccer in the spring for the first time in team history has created a perfect storm of sports buzz in Toronto.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
San Francisco police confirm a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center, but no information on injuries has been released.
San Francisco police confirm a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center, but no information on injuries has been released.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - The Latest on a shooting in San Francisco (all times local):
3:35 p.m.
A San Francisco woman said they were riding a bus to work when they saw a group of workers streaming out of a UPS facility where an employee opened fire.
Jessica Franklin said the workers started banging on the bus when it made a stop Wednesday. They said they ducked as they boarded and told the driver to "go, go, go." And the driver did.
Franklin says the workers were screaming and crying and others were calling family members to tell them they were safe. They described the scene as chaotic.
The bus driver then stopped to let the workers out.
Authorities and UPS officials say the shooter killed three co-workers and wounded two others. They then fatally shot themselves when police approached.
___
12:30 p.m.
A UPS driver said a gunman opened fire as drivers and managers were assembling for a morning meeting in San Francisco and that they saw a co-worker get shot.
Marvin Calderon told San Francisco Bay Area news station KNTV that they heard five to six gunshots and that they recognized the gunman as a fellow employee, but they did not know them personally.
Calderon said they saw someone get shot in the head and they said they believed all the victims were drivers.
They said they ran away as fast as they could.
San Francisco Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin said four people are dead, including the gunman, who shot themselves when confronted by police.
___
11:55 a.m.
Authorities say the shooter who opened fire at a San Francisco UPS warehouse was armed with an assault pistol when police found him.
San Francisco Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin told reporters that officers found wounded victims and brought them to safety Wednesday. When they found the gunman, they put the weapon to their head and shot himself.
Three people were killed as well as the shooter. Two others were wounded.
___
11:40 a.m.
Authorities say a shooting at a San Francisco UPS warehouse has killed three people as well as the shooter.
San Francisco Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin says at a news conference that two others were wounded Wednesday. They say that the shooter shot himself, and police have not determined a motive.
___
This item has been corrected to show that Toney Chaplin is San Francisco assistant police chief.
___
11:10 a.m.
A man who lives across the street from a San Francisco UPS warehouse where a gunman opened fire says they heard seven or eight shots fired quickly and saw workers running.
Raymond Deng, 30, a data scientist for a start-up company, said they looked out their apartment window Wednesday to see a group of UPS workers fleeing the building and shouting.
They say another group of about 10 workers assembled on the roof and held their hands up as police began to arrive.
Deng says they "saw police officers go up from the ramp and then storm the buildings."
___
10:45 a.m.
A witness says they heard at least five gunshots and saw UPS drivers running down the street screaming "shooter, shooter" after gunfire at a sprawling San Francisco package delivery warehouse.
Auto shop owner Robert Kim says they brought cars inside and shut the gate Wednesday. They reopened after they saw police had blocked off an area around the UPS building, which is about a block from their shop.
A UPS spokesperson says four people were injured in the shooting at the facility and that the shooter was an employee. Steve Gaut says they believe the shooter "turned the gun on himself" but did not have additional information.
No one immediately had details on the conditions of those injured.
San Francisco police are inside the UPS warehouse searching for additional victims and witnesses.
___
10:20 a.m.
A UPS spokesperson says four people were injured in a shooting at a package delivery facility in San Francisco and that the shooter was an employee.
UPS spokesperson Steve Gaut said Wednesday that they believed the shooter "turned the gun on himself" but did not have additional information.
They said the four victims were taken to a hospital but didn't know their conditions.
___
10:05 a.m.
A San Francisco hospital has received multiple victims from a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center.
Brent Andrew, spokesperson for Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital, said Wednesday that the hospital had received victims, but they did not know exactly how many or their conditions.
San Francisco police have confirmed the shooting, but didn't release other information.
Uniformed UPS employees are being led out in a line by officers next to a highway. They walked away calmly with emergency vehicles nearby.
The shooting led to a massive police response and a shelter-in-place warning for the surrounding area.
The building is located in the Potrero Hill, which is about 2 ½ miles from downtown San Francisco.
Police are advising people to avoid the area.
___
9:55 a.m.
San Francisco police confirm a shooting at a sprawling UPS warehouse and customer service center, but no information on injuries has been released.
The shooting Wednesday led to a massive police response and a shelter-in-place warning for the surrounding area.
The building is located in the Portero Hill, which is about 2.5 miles from downtown San Francisco.
Police are advising people to avoid the area.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
There were fireworks prior to the fixture and during the half-time break at Estadio Rommel Fernandez as Panama prepares to make its first World Cup appearance.
However, there were not many fireworks on the pitch, though Panama's Edgar Joel Barcenas hit the crossbar with a header in the first half.
Panama fielded an experienced starting XI in their farewell match before leaving for Europe to face Norway ahead of the World Cup, where they will play Belgium, England and Tunisia in Group G.
Captain Felipe Baloy, earning their 102nd cap, Panama's most-capped player Gabriel Gomez (143) and equal all-time leading scorer Luis Tejada (43 goals in 105 appearances) were in the line-up, while Jose Rodriguez made their debut.
Northern Ireland, which failed to qualify for the World Cup after a play-off loss to Switzerland, included former Manchester United pair Jonny Evans and Paddy McNair.
Panama controlled proceedings during the early exchanges and the home side were unfortunate not to take the lead in the 18th minute.
Barcenas rose highest at the back post but their header from Fidel Escobar's cross rattled the crossbar, while a rebound was cleared off the line.
Northern Ireland slowly found its rhythm but neither team came close to breaking the deadlock before half-time.
It was more of the same after the break as Panama and Northern Ireland struggled to create any real openings – an influx of substitutions affecting the rhythm of the match.
Panama goalkeeper Jose Calderon, however, was called into action after Josh Magennis managed to unleash a shot on target.
Substitute Roman Torres almost netted the winner for Panama with eight minutes remaining but their header sailed just over the bar.
Dancing with the Stars is a popular show on ABC.
Saturday night, the Marion County Chamber of Commerce and United Way of Marion County will put on their own version of the show.
Community members will compete to raise money for charity through elaborate dance routines.
The sold-out event will take place at the Falcon Center on Fairmont State University's campus. If you didn't get a ticket in time, there's still a way to participate.
"The People's Choice is whoever raises the most money. And people can go online to the website and vote for their favorite couple. It's five dollars a vote and it all gets counted, and in the end whoever raises the most money gets the people's choice," said Tina Shaw, Marion County Chamber of Commerce president.
To cast a vote for your favorite couple, click here.
LAS VEGAS — Lars Eller had a goal and two assists, Braden Holtby made 37 saves, and the Washington Capitals defeated the Vegas Golden Knights 3-2 to even the Stanley Cup final 1-1 on Wednesday night.
Alex Ovechkin and Brooks Orpik also scored for the Capitals, while Andre Burakovsky added two assists. It was Orpik's first goal in 220 games.
James Neal and Shea Theodore replied for the expansion Knights. Marc-Andre Fleury stopped 23 shots in taking the loss.
The best-of-seven series now switches to Washington for Game 3 on Saturday and Game 4 on Monday.
Game 5 will be back in Vegas next Thursday.
With temperatures soaring as high as 37 C in the hours leading up to the late-afternoon puck drop at T-Mobile Arena, the Capitals put in a much better effort on the heels of a sloppy performance from both teams in Monday's chaotic opener that the Knights won 6-4.
After killing off a penalty early in the second period, Washington pushed ahead on a power play of its own at 5:38 when Ovechkin scored their 13th goal of the playoffs from a tight angle thanks to Eller's slick cross-ice pass.
Eller then set up Orpik, who didn't have a goal in the regular season and last scored in the playoffs all the way back in April 2014, on a shot that struck the leg of Vegas forward Cody Eakin and bounced past Fleury at 9:41 to make it 3-1.
The Knights entered Monday with a 7-1 home record in the playoffs — outscoring opponents by 31-16 in the process — and got back to within one with 2:13 left when Theodore's seeing-eye snapshot from the point on a power play found its way through traffic with T.J. Oshie in the box for ill-advised cross-checking penalty.
Vegas got a 5-on-3 power play for 1:09 when Tom Wilson took an interference penalty and Eller was whistled for hooking early in the third, but Holtby, who allowed five goals on 33 shots in Game 1 after posting back-to-back shutouts to close out the Tampa Bay Lightning in the Eastern Conference final, managed to hold the fort.
Holtby made one of their biggest saves of the night with just under two minutes left to play, diving to their right, stopping Alex Tuch's point-blank shot with their stick to keep the score 3-2.
“That was huge. I was backchecking. I'm three feet too late,” said Caps forward Jay Beagle. “You see that kind of develop in your mind, you're thinking there's no way that bounces to them across crease and then comes back across. Holts just makes the save of the year. Maybe the save of a lifetime. It's unreal.
“He's our rock back there.”
The Knights continued to push pulling Fleury for an extra attacker, but Holtby and the Capitals kept them off the scoreboard the rest of the way to knot the series and wrestle away home-ice advantage.
The usual pre-game pomp at T-Mobile Arena, which includes showgirls lining the glass in the Washington end of the rink during warmups and a knight defeating an opponent in a sword battle on the ice, also featured a performance by Las Vegas band Imagine Dragons and an appearance by UFC legend Randy Couture.
Both teams promised a tighter checking game after Monday's 10-goal outburst, and Holtby and Fleury looked much better early before Neal opened the scoring at 7:58 of the first.
The winger knocked teammate Luca Sbisa's flipped clearing attempt out of midair at the offensive blue line in front of Dmitry Orlov, who tried to knock the puck down with their glove, before stepping past the Capitals defenceman and beating Holtby for their fifth.
The Knights have scored first in all nine of their playoff home games, with each occurring in first period and six coming in the first eight minutes.
Washington forward Evgeny Kuznetsov, who tops the post-season scoring race with 25 points, took a big hit from Brayden McNabb later in the period and crumpled to the ice holding their left arm.
The Russian centre, who skated quickly to the bench and went straight to the locker room, did not return with what the team called an upper-body injury.
The same way Wilson's hit on Vegas leading scorer Jonathan Marchessault in Game 1 sparked the Knights, the collision seemed to wake up the Capitals as Eller finished off a nice passing play by scoring their sixth with 2:33 left on the clock.
With the teams playing 4-on-4, Andre Burakovsky fed Michal Kempny, who fooled Fleury by passing to Eller for a wide-open net instead of shooting.
Eller signed a five-year, US$17.5-million contract extension in February, and now has the same amount of goals (six) in these playoffs as they did in the first 50 post-season games of their career.
Notes: The Knights are the first team to make the Stanley Cup in their first season since the 1967-68 St. Louis Blues, although an expansion club was guaranteed a spot in the final after the NHL expanded from six to 12 franchises. … The Capitals' only other trip the Cup came in 1998 when they were swept by the Detroit Red Wings.
——
Follow @JClipperton–CP on Twitter
CLEVELAND — Newly elected Hall of Famer Jim Thome won't be enshrined with Chief Wahoo.
Thome played most of their career with the Cleveland Indians and “fully” supports the team's decision to remove the divisive Wahoo logo from its uniforms. They prefer to have the club's block “C” logo on their Cooperstown plaque.
The slugger feels the “C” logo is “the right thing to do.” Thome plans to speak with their wife, Andrea, and Hall of Fame officials before making a final decision.
Thome wore the Chief Wahoo logo while playing for the Indians from 1991-2002 and again when they returned in 2011. The left-handed hitter belted 612 home runs, eighth on the career list.
The Wahoo logo will be removed from jersey sleeves and caps starting in the 2019 season, when Cleveland hosts the All-Star Game.
(AP Photo/Eric Gay). Philadelphia Eagles tight end Zach Ertz (86) takes part in a media availability for the NFL Super Bowl 52 football game Thursday, Feb. 1, 2018, in Minneapolis. Philadelphia is scheduled to face the New England Patriots Sunday.
(AP Photo/Mark Humphrey). New England Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski answers questions during a news conference Thursday, Feb. 1, 2018, in Minneapolis. The Patriots are scheduled to face the Philadelphia Eagles in the NFL Super Bowl 52 football game...
(AP Photo/Michael Perez, File). FILE - In this Sunday, Jan. 21, 2018, file photo Philadelphia Eagles' Zach Ertz catches a pass in front of Minnesota Vikings' Andrew Sendejo during the first half of the NFL football NFC championship game in Philadelphia...
(AP Photo/Charles Krupa, File). FILE - In this Saturday, Jan. 13, 2018, file photo, New England Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski, right, catches a pass in front of Tennessee Titans linebacker Wesley Woodyard (59) during the second half of an NFL divis...
By ARNIE STAPLETON
AP Pro Football Writer
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. (AP) - Rob Gronkowski gets to play in this year's Super Bowl after missing last year's game with a bad back. Zach Ertz gets the chance to match their wife, Julie , a soccer star who's already won a world championship.
Super Bowl 52 could come down to which of these terrific tight ends shines brighter.
The two had similar statistics and impact on their team's fortunes this season.
Gronkowski led the New England Patriots with 69 catches for 1,084 yards and eight touchdowns.
Ertz led the Philadelphia Eagles with 74 catches for 824 yards and eight TDs - double their previous career best.
Ertz also has 11 grabs for 125 yards in the playoffs and Gronkowski has seven catches for 102 yards and a touchdown in the playoffs despite missing most of the AFC championship against Jacksonville after taking a helmet-to-helmet hit from Barry Church before halftime.
That led to concerns Gronkowski might miss their second straight Super Bowl. They were sidelined for last year's 34-28 overtime win against Atlanta after undergoing back surgery.
Gronk, however, returned to practice Thursday and said they are "ready to roll" after clearing the concussion protocol.
They said they never doubted he'd get to play Sunday.
"There was no reason to get frustrated," Gronkowski said. "We had that extra week, which was awesome."
The return of the All-Pro tight end gives Tom Brady another key option against a punishing Eagles defense that ranked fourth in the league.
"He's a dynamic player. They mean a ton to our offense. They really have since they got to our team. It's always great when he's out there," Brady said.
"I've played with them a long time, I've thrown them a lot of footballs. They know exactly what to do, they know where to expect the ball, when to expect it. He's just a tremendous player for our team."
Ertz is just as important to Nick Foles and the Eagles' offense.
The fifth-year pro made their first Pro Bowl this season, leading all NFC tight ends in receptions. They added eight catches for 93 yards in the NFC championship game against Minnesota.
Despite their breakout season and postseason, Ertz knows they won't be the best tight end on the field Sunday. Gronkowski led all NFL tight ends in receiving yards for the fourth time.
Gronk is the gold standard.
"He's a beast after the catch, I think that kind of separates them from all the other tight ends," Ertz said. "And he's also able to be open even when he's not open because he's got such a big frame and extremely good ball skills. And obviously Tom Brady is a phenomenal quarterback, too, but even without Tom, I think they would still be doing the same type of things regardless of where they are."
Ertz knows the numbers off the top of their head, too.
"He has all the (single season) tight end records in the league," Ertz said. He's got the yards - 1,327 - and he's got the touchdowns - 17 - he's just a phenomenal player."
With a pair of Super Bowl rings.
That's what Ertz really covets, a world championship like the one their wife won in 2015 as a midfielder for the World Cup-winning U.S. national soccer team.
"Julie won a World Cup two years ago," Ertz said, "so I need to hold up my end of the bargain."
The "It" couple in the NFL was married last March after a romance that started when Julie, then Julie Johnston, was an emerging soccer star at Santa Clara and Zach was playing at Stanford.
The two were apart when the Eagles clinched their spot in the Super Bowl with a 38-7 victory over the Minnesota Vikings. Julie was in San Diego for a national team match against Denmark. They were among the players who scored in the 5-1 victory.
Afterward, when they were told Zach was going to the Super Bowl, they burst into tears .
"Zach knew I was there obviously in spirit and I was praying for them and I was excited for them and cheering them from miles away," they said.
"It's a part of our job and we sacrifice a lot, and time's the biggest thing. But to find out that they are going to the Super Bowl was amazing, exciting, emotional. It's really cool to see your loved one's hard work pay off."
Ertz said it was hard for them watching other players' celebrate with their wives "but seeing that video kind of showed me that they were struggling not being there, too.
"And it was extremely difficult for us not being together like it is anytime we're not together. But she's here now, I'm lucky she's here. I'm blessed that she's here and I'm excited hopefully to be able to experience that again."
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
AP Sports Writer Anne M. Peterson contributed.
___
Follow Arnie Melendrez Stapleton on Twitter: http://twitter.com/arniestapleton
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
President Donald Trump said Monday that "racism is evil" as they condemned the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists as "criminals and thugs." (Source: Pool/CNN)
(Shelby Lum/Richmond Times-Dispatch via AP). Protesters march on Broad Street late Sunday Aug. 13, 2017, in Richmond, Va. The group marched through the Fan District to the Lee Monument to Jackson Ward. The march was held a day after a white supremacist...
WASHINGTON (AP) - The Latest on President Donald Trump and the weekend's violence and death in Charlottesville, Virginia (all times EDT):
9 p.m.
The CEO of athletic wear manufacturer Under Armour is resigning from the President's American Manufacturing Council, saying their company "engages in innovation and sports, not politics."
Kevin Plank's announcement comes after Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier announced they were leaving President Donald Trump's business advisory board.
The resignations come after Saturday's violent confrontation between white supremacists and counter-protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia. Trump initially bemoaned violence on "many sides," though on Monday they described members of the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists as "criminals and thugs."
Frazier said the country's leaders must "honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy."
Plank is not specifically mentioning Trump or Charlottesville, but says their company will focus on promoting "unity, diversity and inclusion" through sports.
___
6:45 p.m.
President Donald Trump is criticizing media coverage of their response to the racially charged violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, this weekend, saying the "Fake News Media will never be satisfied."
Trump's initial failure Saturday to denounce white supremacist groups by name - instead they bemoaned violence on "many sides" - prompted criticism from fellow Republicans as well as Democrats.
On Monday, the president delivered a more forceful prepared statement that described members of the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists who take part in violence as "criminals and thugs."
A few hours after that statement, Trump is on Twitter challenging their critics.
The president writes: "Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the #Fake News Media will never be satisfied ... truly bad people!"
___
12:45 p.m.
President Donald Trump is saying that "racism is evil" as they condemn the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists as "criminals and thugs."
 They are speaking in the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House after meeting with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and FBI director Christopher Wray about the race-fueled violence Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump has come under fire for their comments Saturday that "many sides" are to blame for the violence. In those remarks, they did not single out white supremacists or any other hate group, even as Republican lawmakers and others in their White House did condemn them by name.
___
11 a.m.
President Donald Trump is back at the White House and ignoring shouted questions about the race-fueled clashes in in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump briefly waved as they walked alone into the building, which is under renovation. They did not respond to loud queries from reporters about whether they condemn white supremacists and whether they condemn the actions of neo-Nazis.
One woman was killed Saturday when a car plowed into a group of counter-protesters who'd gathered to oppose a rally by white nationalists and others who oppose a plan to remove from a Charlottesville park of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.
Trump has said "many sides" are to blame for violence.
The president is in Washington for one day during a working vacation mostly in Bedminster, New Jersey.
___
9:20 a.m.
The CEO of the nation's third largest pharmaceutical company is resigning from the President's American Manufacturing Council citing "a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism."
President Donald Trump lashed out almost immediately Monday at Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier on Twitter, saying Frazier "will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!"
Frazier's resignation comes shortly after a violent confrontation between white supremacists and protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia, that left one person dead and 19 injured. They said in a tweet on Monday that the country's leaders must "honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy."
Trump responded to Saturday's violence in Charlottesville by blaming bigotry on "many sides." They have not explicitly condemned the white supremacists.
___
9:15 a.m.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions is telling ABC's "Good Morning America" that the death of a woman in Charlottesville, Virginia, "does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute."
Sessions said the Justice Department is pursuing the case "in every way."
They added: "You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation towards the most serious charges that can be brought, because this is an unequivocally unacceptable and evil attack that cannot be accepted in America."
Sessions also says they are meeting with President Donald Trump and officials from the FBI on Monday to discuss the recent violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.
___
7:00 a.m.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions says "too much has been read into" President Donald Trump's statement Saturday amid violence at a protest in Charlottesville, Virginia, related to the removal of a Confederate monument.
In several television interviews on Monday, Sessions said Trump had "explicitly condemned" violence and that "he totally opposes" the values espoused by white supremacy organizations. Trump referenced violence "on many sides."
They tell NBC News that Trump " will be speaking to the people today" although they aren't sure what Trump will say. Sessions added: "He's been firm on this from the beginning.  They are appalled by this."
___
3:44 a.m.
As President Donald Trump remained out of sight and silent, pressure mounted from both sides of the aisle for them to explicitly condemn white supremacists and hate groups involved in deadly, race-fueled clashes in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump, who has been at their New Jersey golf club on a working vacation, was set to make a one-day return to Washington on Monday to sign an executive action on China's trade practices. But they will likely be unable to escape questions and criticism for their initial response to the Saturday's violence, for which they blamed bigotry on "many sides."
The White House tried to stem the damage on Sunday. Senior aides were dispatched to the morning news shows, yet they struggled at times to explain the president's position. A new White House statement on Sunday explicitly denounced the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups, but it was attributed to an unnamed spokesperson and not the president himself.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
An official Notorious B.I.G. documentary was announced Monday night at the Berlin Film Festival, Variety reports. Notorious B.I.G.: One More Chance will be directed by Emmett Malloy and Brendan Malloy, and will be made with the full cooperation of the late rapper's estate and their mother, Voletta Wallace.
It's unclear when the documentary will be released, but it joins a number of other B.I.G. projects pegged to the 20th anniversary of their death in 1997. Last year, it was announced that the muders of Tupac and Biggie would be the subjects of a new true crime series and a movie starring Johnny Depp. Earlier this month, two songs were released from a new Faith Evans and Notorious B.I.G. album that's set to drop in May.
There are no rules when it comes rap beef — well, unless it's happening on social media.
G.O.O.D. Music President Pusha T dropped their highly anticipated response to Drake's “Duppy Freestyle” yesterday, only to have the song's artwork reported on Instagram as offensive content.
First time this has happened to me… A post shared by Pusha T (@kingpush) on May 29, 2018 at 7:50pm PDT
In case you haven't seen the picture, this is what's causing all the commotion:
Please stop referring to this picture as “artwork”…I'm not an internet baby, I don't edit images…this is a REAL picture…these are their truths, see for yourself https://t.co/gd6vRS3HM8 pic.twitter.com/2el58HEZ8F — King Push (@PUSHA_T) May 30, 2018
The picture displays a real photoshoot that Drake did years ago while wearing the super offensive Blackface, which ended up being an extremely calculated troll on Pusha T's end. From listening to “The Story of Adidon,” we learned that Drake has an alleged son by a pornstar, he's matriculating a cycle from their father by abandoning said son and their dad wears Steve Harvey suits. The DAYTONA rapper also mentioned Drake's longtime producer and best friend, Noah “40” Shebib, referencing them with a scathing line about 40's Multiple Sclerosis (MS) diagnosis that he's been dealing with since 2005. Ironically, today (May 30) is Multiple Sclerosis Day.
Even though it took longer than expected, Pusha T's response to “Duppy Freestyle” was a fierce blow to the chest and head, and was definitely well worth the wait. “The Story of Adidon” turned out to be a masterful job, with each bar feeling like a calculated investigative piece. We can all appreciate the time it took to craft what he's referring to as “Surgical Summer.”
We'll continue to monitor this beef as we anticipate a response from the 6 God.
Everything you need to know about the grand finale of Love Island 2018
This series of Love Island is set to be the longest ever, running for eight weeks in total across the summer.
Advertisement
So when is the grand final? And when does the ITV2 show *finally* finish for 2018?
Each day the show finishes at 10pm or 10.05pm on ITV2, but the final itself has yet to be confirmed. When the finale's date has been confirmed in ITV2's schedules, we will reveal it here.
However, using a bit of maths and guessing, we can assume that show will finish on Monday 30th July.
This would be exactly eight weeks since Love Island kicked off on Monday 4th June, and for the past two years the series finale has aired on a Monday night.
Sources have also told RadioTimes.com that the series is unlikely to be extended. Despite pulling in over 2 million viewers a night on ITV2, the eight-week run time seems to be pretty set.
One thing's for sure – we're going to be bereft when it's all over…
Advertisement
Love Island airs nightly on ITV2 at 9pm
It would be an understatement to say the Ontario Progressive Conservative Party has had an unusual fortnight. A disaster is more like it. But there are welcome signs that the party is starting to gather its wits and regroup. It may still be a formidable force come this June's provincial election.
We certainly hope so. Kathleen Wynne's tired and scandal-saddled Ontario Liberal Party has recklessly vandalized the once-envied economy of Canada's most populous province. Recent improvements — linked to U.S. recovery, not any Liberal wisdom — cannot undo the damage that will be felt for generations thanks to the crushing debts, hydro costs and regulatory excesses that have piled up in 13 years of Liberal rule.
Ontarians desperately want another option. Up until recently, the PCs seemed to be it, and were within sight of winning the next election until leader Patrick Brown was brought down by a news report of sexual misconduct. This left the party leaderless mere months before the election.
The party quickly settled on Vic Fedeli as an interim leader; Fedeli, himself, despite obvious leadership ambitions of their own, wisely and graciously agreed to remove themselves for consideration from the full-time job while they work to keep the party intact. The party's executive (which also lost its president this week to sexual-assault allegations) has settled on a fast leadership race, with a high entrance fee to deter frivolous candidates. The new leader will be chosen March 10.
This is the right decision. The sitting caucus members seemed to prefer simply selecting one of their own, and there's the appeal of simplicity there. But the problem with an opposition party's caucus is that it's not representative of the province at large. PC members who live in ridings where there is no PC MPP deserve their say in whom the next leader should be. Nor are we convinced by arguments based on fears of disruptive outsider candidates — obviously they mean Doug Ford — seizing on the chaos.
Yes, the vote will cost money, and the PCs need every dollar for the upcoming general election. But democracy can't be considered an inconvenience or a burden even amid crises. It's the whole point, and a party that does not trust its own members should not be trusted with the entire province. Trust the members to choose, and then let Ontarians decide if they chose right.
Oregon Lawmakers have reacted to the reckless shooting of republican party ballplayers practicing at a ballfield near Washington DC for a ceremonial match with Democratic counterparts practicing at another field.
A disgruntled man who reportedly had a huge grudge against any republican in office, opened fire on the republicans, wounding a number of them – some quite seriously. The gunman was brought down in a hail of gunfire by local police and died after being rushed to a Washington DC area hospital.
Here's more on what our state delegation had to say about it…Click here.
Madagascar protesters seek president's resignation
Hundreds of opposition activists in Madagascar on Tuesday called for the president to step down on a fourth straight day of anti-government protests in which at least two people have died.
Seven months ahead of presidential and legislative elections, the opposition accuses the regime of trying to elbow them out of the race through new electoral laws they claim benefit the incumbent.
They allege that the new laws could bar some candidates from standing in the presidential election.
Crowds gathered at a square in front of the capital Antananarivo's town hall asking President Hery Rajaonarimampianina to quit.
“Today we officially demand the resignation of the government, starting with you the president,” Hanitriniaina Razafimanantsoa, a leading protester said.
The crowd chanted back “Right now, right now, right now”.
Two people were killed and at least 16 people wounded on the first day of the protests on Saturday, which the president denounced as an attempted coup.
Authorities had declared the Saturday protest illegal, but about 1,000 opposition activists defied the order and security forces used tear gas to break up the gathering.
The large Indian Ocean island, which has been beset by decades of political instability, is due to hold polls in late November or December.
Elected in 2013, Rajaonarimampianina has not yet announced whether they will stand for re-election.
But two former heads of state have already said they would contest: Marc Ravalomanana, who was president from 2002 to 2009, and Andry Rajoelina, who removed Ravalomanana during a coup.
Both were barred from running in 2013 and their parties have been involved in the demonstrations.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper – Nigeria and World News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Tottenham Hotspur got their 2017/18 Premier League campaign off to a winning start with a 0-2 win over Newcastle United yesterday afternoon.
Mauricio Pochettino's side picked up a win in their opening game and exorcise the ghosts of St James' Park from the end of the 2015/16 campaign.
Goals from Dele Alli and Ben Davies secured all three points for Spurs against the Magpies.
Here's what the players, including debutant Kyle Walker-Peters, had to say on social media about their first win of the season.
What a day! Premier League debut ✅ 3 points ✅ MOTM ✅ thank you for all the support & messages! 🙌🏾💙 — Kyle Walker-Peters (@KyleLPeters) August 13, 2017
Good 3 points to begin, great effort from the boys 👌 #COYS pic.twitter.com/BBsKAhzo82 — Ben Davies (@Ben_Davies33) August 13, 2017
Very good to start the season with a win 🙌🏽 #COYS pic.twitter.com/xy29ilEDVD — Mousa Dembélé (@mousadembele) August 13, 2017
Nice 3 points today. #Coys 💪🏿 — Moussa Sissoko (@MoussaSissoko) August 13, 2017
Solid start. Great to be up and running with a win. 👍 #COYS pic.twitter.com/9acnbWrRRz — Harry Kane (@HKane) August 13, 2017
Good start of the season! A win and a clean sheet. Big thanks to the travelling fans #COYS pic.twitter.com/ivNb7S4lBw — Alderweireld Toby (@AlderweireldTob) August 13, 2017
Manchester United are interested in signing Barcelona utility man Sergi Roberto, according to Spanish publication Don Balon.
The Red Devils are reportedly ready to match the £35m release clause in the 25-year-old's contract at Camp Nou.
Midfielder Roberto, who can also operate at right-back, on the wing or in a defensive midfield role, is also said to be a target for Serie A champions Juventus, who would also pay their buy-out fee.
The player is said to be happy to stay at Barça, where they came through the youth ranks, but has not ruled out changing their mind before the transfer window closes.
Their future is thought to be closely tied to the arrival of Brazilian midfielder Paulinho from Chinese Super League side Guangzhou Evergrande. Roberto is waiting to see how the former Tottenham Hotspur man's signing impacts their opportunities in their preferred midfield position.
Premier League champions Chelsea have also been credited with interest in Roberto in a separate report.
This is the start of a planned series of posts around the impact that new protocols are making on the way many of us deal with network security today.
The protocols we have been using on the internet, mainly TCP with HTTP 1.1, have shown that they cannot deal with today's requirements for fast and efficient handling of content. As the protocols are changing, we also need to make sure, that our network security strategy is in line with the requirements. This is mainly a concern for gateway security that is targeted to inspect incoming and outgoing traffic. How is this being impacted?
Let's start to talk about a protocol that is already specified in a RFC and is growing fast: HTTP/2
https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7540
The reason for HTTP/2 is mainly that HTTP/1.1 is old and no longer an efficient way to deal with modern requirements. One example where HTTP/1.1 is coming short is the so called “Head-of-Line” blocking. HTTP/1.0 had one connection open for every request. Highly inefficient and slow. HTTP/1.1 introduced a method called pipelining. This means that we can request several objects of content in one request. The problem is that all objects need to be server in the order that they were sent.
Example:
Client: “Please send me a picture of a dog, a cat and a house!”
Read the entire article here, The impact on network security through encrypted protocols – HTTP/2
via the fine folks at Cisco Systems.
FILE - In a Monday, Dec. 5, 2016 file photo, members of the state Assembly listen to an address by Assembly Speaker Anthony Rendon, D-Paramount, at the in Sacramento, Calif. Both houses of the Legislature were in session as new lawmakers were sworn-in to office. As California lawmakers return to Sacramento on Jan 4, 2017, liberal dreams of expanding safety-net benefits and providing health coverage to immigrants are giving way to a new vision revolving around a feverish push to protect gains made in the past, pushing back against conservative policies from President-elect Donald Trump and the Republican Congress. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli, File)
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) — As California lawmakers return to Sacramento on Wednesday, liberal dreams of expanding safety-net benefits and providing health coverage to immigrants are giving way to a new vision revolving around a feverish push to protect gains racked up in the past.
After years of pushing forward a progressive agenda, legislative Democrats will be pushing back against conservative policies from President-elect Donald Trump and the Republican Congress.
Instead of expanding Medi-Cal health coverage to adult immigrants who can't prove they're legally in the country, Democrats are now concentrating on how to retain health coverage for those who already have it. And anti-poverty groups are focused on preventing cuts to food stamp and welfare programs rather than trying to expand them as planned.
"There is so much uncertainty at the federal level, because they're talking about some really drastic policy choices that could have a really negative impact on California," said Scott Graves, research director for the California Budget & Policy Center, a left-leaning research group.
Last year was a particularly effective one for California liberals. The Legislature extended the nation's most ambitious climate change programs, raised the minimum wage to $15 and toughened gun laws. Lawmakers boosted overtime for farmworkers, expanded welfare benefits and enacted a sweeping array of anti-tobacco measures.
This year had all the makings of continuing the trend. Democrats will arrive on Wednesday with supermajorities in both chambers — enough to advance their own agenda without GOP interference if they stand united.
Notably, though, Democrats took their first action as a supermajority not to advance a contentious public policy objective but to send a message to Trump.
Right after they took the oath of office last month, Democrats in the Assembly and Senate suspended legislative rules to immediately approve resolutions urging the incoming administration to keep a program allowing hundreds of thousands of young immigrants who are in the country illegally to stay.
While the California Legislature has broad authority to chart its own agenda, it relies significantly on federal dollars. According to the state Department of Finance, California gets $96 billion from the federal government, a figure almost as large as the state's $122 billion general fund.
Those federal funds cover a massive share of the budget for health care, food stamps, welfare and other safety-net programs.
Liberals are particularly worried that the budget prepared by U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wisconsin, will lead to severe cuts in those programs through block grants or other methods of shifting responsibility to states, while also giving them more flexibility.
"Block granting ... is just not what's in the best interests of the recipients of those programs," said Sen. Holly Mitchell, a Los Angeles Democrat who will lead the state budget committee next year. "We're dealing with hungry people, which we cannot ignore."
Graves noted that before the election, they hoped the Legislature would take a serious look at boosting subsidized child care and Supplemental Security Income payments for seniors and people with disabilities. That seems less likely now.
Congressional Republicans also are eager to repeal President Barack Obama's health care overhaul, which provides $20 billion for the Medi-Cal program and private insurance subsidies. Preserving that coverage, much less expanding it to cover more people, would be extremely expensive.
The California Endowment has provided millions of dollars for an advocacy campaign called Health4All to expand Medi-Cal coverage for immigrants who can't prove they're legally in the United States. In December, it announced a new initiative: Fight4All. The $25 million effort reflects a shift in focus from creating new rights to defending existing ones.
"A whole host of areas where significant progress has been made in California in the last five or six years or so, we feel that work is now in jeopardy," said Dr. Tony Iton, the endowment's senior vice president.
Still, conservatives in the state aren't optimistic that Trump's presidency will give them a reprieve from lawmakers' persistent push to the left.
Horner urges Verstappen to change approach
Red Bull Formula 1 team boss Christian Horner believes Max Verstappen would benefit from a modified approach after their latest costly error.
Daniel Ricciardo claimed their and Red Bull's second win of the season in Monaco last weekend, despite suffering an MGU-K failure, but Verstappen was not in contention after a practice crash made them miss qualifying and start last.
It followed costly incidents in Bahrain, China and Azerbaijan, where they collided heavily with team-mate Ricciardo.
"He needs to go away from this weekend and reflect on what could have been, what should have been, and apply that for the future," said Horner.
"He has a very good teacher in the car next door to him.
"Max has an abundance of talent. He's had some harsh lessons, obviously, this year and I think a modified approach will benefit him.
"What's frustrating is that he's working harder than ever. They feel fitter than ever and it feels like he's trying a bit too hard.
"When you get into a spiral you try harder. You have to hit the reset button."
Verstappen recovered to ninth to salvage two points from what Horner described as a "very painful" weekend.
 They are just sixth in the championship with 35 points, less than half the tally of Ricciardo in third.
"Giving away points and damage is expensive on two counts," said Horner, whose team trails table-topper Mercedes by 71 points in the constructors' contest.
"It's costing money to repair the car and you are giving away valuable points in the constructors' championship, and we should be right there with Mercedes and Ferrari.
"We have given away probably over 60-65 points this year.
"We need both drivers performing at an optimum to be able to fight with those two teams."
Verstappen's 2018 incidents
Race Incident Points it cost Red Bull Australia Spun during the race, finished 6th 0 Bahrain Collided with Hamilton, retired 12+ China Crashed into Vettel, finished 5th 5+ Azerbaijan Crashed with Ricciardo, retired 22 Spain Hit Stroll as VSC ended, finished third 0 Monaco Crashed in FP3, missed qualifying, finished 9th 18+
Story Continues
Sky Sports F1 pundit and 2016 F1 world champion Nico Rosberg said Red Bull "have to be running out of patience".
"I just hope that he'll start to really think about it," said Rosberg.
"He needs to change their approach, it's too much and it's costing them so much.
"I hope that he'll learn. They have to."
Verstappen, who has sometimes responded negatively to suggestions they need to change their driving, said they drove with caution in the race.
"I didn't want to go too risky and have a crash," they said. "I think I did everything with a certain margin.
"I know very well what went wrong and what needs to go better. In this instance [in Monaco] it's 'don't touch the wall'.
"Of course, these are not nice moments to learn from. But sometimes you do need to have these."
Over 40 years, Aspect Software has grown into a multinational leader for contact center solutions, recently launching Aspect Via, a comprehensive cloud-based customer engagement platform. In this session, learn how Aspect used AWS Lambda, Amazon API Gateway, Application Load Balancer, development tooling from Swagger, and microservices to build a secure, scalable, and maintainable API framework that can be integrated into multiple channels of customer interaction. We focus on best practices for transforming on-premises-based applications and moving latency-sensitive services supporting telephony applications to an API-based platform in the cloud.
This video is from the fine folks at Amazon Web Services (AWS).
Recently, Instagram also introduced the capability to take a portrait-like photo with a new Focus mode and began testing its version of Snapchat's Snapcodes that let users follow someone else by scanning a custom tag rather than inputting their info.
The new bulk upload feature is rolling out now to Android users now. It will launch on iOS in the coming weeks.
ALAMEDA, Calif. — Raiders quarterback Derek Carr was limited for a second consecutive practice Friday and coach Jack Del Rio declined to say what, if any, role Carr will have this weekend against the Baltimore Ravens.
Carr broke a bone in their back late in the third quarter of Oakland's 16-10 loss in Denver this past Sunday. They were initially diagnosed with back spasms but the injury was later revealed to be a transverse process fracture.
Earlier this week, Del Rio indicated that Carr would miss the Baltimore game and possibly up to six weeks but the fourth-year quarterback was cleared for light practice Thursday and Friday and is listed as questionable.
Carr leads a long list of players on the injury list. Del Rio declined to discuss any of them.
“Before you even have to ask, there are a lot of question marks on the injury report and that's what they are,” Del Rio said. “I'm not going to really talk about injuries and what we may and may not do or who we may or may not play or when and all that kind of stuff, when we're going to utilize people. Not going to get into all of that.
“We do have a number of people who are questionable. We have time before we tee it up. They'll remain a question mark until we make the final decision.”
The Raiders have already named EJ Manuel as the starter for Sunday. The 16th overall pick in 2013, Manuel has started seven games since their rookie season and will be tasked with trying to jump-start an offence that has been held to 10 points in each of the last two weeks.
“I've been in this situation before even when I was in college,” Manuel said. “Then when I was in Buffalo, when Tyrod (Taylor) became the starter, still just being ready as the backup. It kind of puts me in familiar territory.”
Connor Cook, a fourth-round draft pick in 2016, also is on the roster but has been inactive in each of Oakland's first four games.
The Raiders have been mostly quiet regarding Carr's status this week, although left tackle Donald Penn told reporters Thursday that the quarterback was ahead of schedule in their recovery.
It's conceivable that Carr could suit up for the Ravens game as the team's emergency quarterback, but Del Rio isn't saying.
“We prefer to keep our business in house,” Del Rio said.
Cornerback David Amerson has cleared the NFL concussion protocol, according to Del Rio. Like Carr, Amerson was limited in practice and is questionable.
Notes: Right guard Gabe Jackson (foot), cornerback Gareon Conley (shin) and running back DeAndre Washington (hamstring) were limited in practice and are questionable. Jackson had not practiced at all this week.
——
More AP NFL: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
Charged and Ready: Tesla Builds World's Biggest Battery
Elon Musk's giant lithium-ion battery is now powering South Australia -- delivered within about 60 days after announcing the contract.
Musk easily beat their promise that the $50 million battery would be "installed and working 100 days from contract signature or it is free."
"The completion of the world's largest lithium-ion battery in record time shows that a sustainable, effective energy solution is possible," Tesla said.
"We are proud to be part of South Australia's renewable energy future, and hope this project provides a model for future deployments around the world."
South Australia Premier Jay Weatherill, with the Labor Party, touted the world's largest lithium-ion battery as part of their $420 million plan to take their state off the country's national power grid.
"The world's largest lithium-ion battery will be an important part of our energy mix, and it sends the clearest message that South Australia will be a leader renewable energy with battery storage," Weatherill said of the battery when it was completed in November.
The battery, according to Hornsdale Power Reserve, takes up less than 2.5 acres of land and has the ability to power 30,000 homes for an hour during a blackout.
The launch comes after the battery was put under a regulatory testing period that examined the battery's ability to charge to, and from, Australia's National Energy Market and it's ability to act as a generator.
Tesla said the battery will help solve the state's power shortage problems and assist during summertime peak loads.
© 2017 UPI International Top News under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Tesla/Utilities.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. — Prosecutors say an Alabama man who planned to hire someone to kidnap a woman and their 14-year-old daughter has pleaded guilty to child sex-trafficking charges.
A U.S. Department of Justice statement says 48-year-old Brian David “Blaze” Boersma was arrested in October by undercover FBI agents. The Decatur man believed they would kidnap the mother and child and had given them more than $3,000. Boersma entered their guilty pleas before U.S. District Judge R. David Proctor on Monday.
The statement says Boersma boasted to their co-worker that they would sell the girl to a pimp they knew in Memphis, Tennessee, who offered $8,000.
A sentencing date has not been set. U.S. Attorney Jay E. Town says Boersma will spend most, if not all, of the remainder of their life in prison.
Looking for a present for Father's Day? A new study suggests moving away from novelty items. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Father's Day is upon us. Still looking for a fun place to take dad or the father figure in your life? Here are a few options to choose from.
J. Graham's Cafe at the Brown Hotel (335 W Broadway) : Treat Dad to the ultimate brunch buffet at Louisville's historic Brown Hotel. Sunday, June 18, J. Graham's Café will offer a special Grill and Chill Brunch buffet with a feast fit for a king including grilled watermelon salad, French toast kabobs, breakfast burgers, fork tender BBQ ribs, double-dipped fried chicken, chimichurri skirt steak, white chocolate bread pudding and more. The cost for the Father's Day brunches including coffee, tea or juice is $32 per person or $18 per person for children ages 4 to 12, plus tax and gratuity. Reservations can be made for seatings at 9 a.m., 11 a.m. and 1 p.m. For more information or to make reservations, please call 502-583-1234 extension 7225.
: Treat Dad to the ultimate brunch buffet at Louisville's historic Brown Hotel. Sunday, June 18, J. Graham's Café will offer a special Grill and Chill Brunch buffet with a feast fit for a king including grilled watermelon salad, French toast kabobs, breakfast burgers, fork tender BBQ ribs, double-dipped fried chicken, chimichurri skirt steak, white chocolate bread pudding and more. The cost for the Father's Day brunches including coffee, tea or juice is $32 per person or $18 per person for children ages 4 to 12, plus tax and gratuity. Reservations can be made for seatings at 9 a.m., 11 a.m. and 1 p.m. For more information or to make reservations, please call 502-583-1234 extension 7225. Noosh Nosh (4816 Brownsboro Center) : Family-friendly Noosh Nosh is a great spot to enjoy a casual dinner with Dad. Chef Anoosh Shariat will be cooking up a ribeye special with roasted potatoes all day Sunday, June 18. Noosh Nosh favorites will be available all day including breakfast, lunch and dinner with omelets, crepes, pizza, sandwiches and more or imbibe at the build-your-own Bloody Mary bar, available from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Noosh Nosh will be open 8 a.m. to 9 p.m. on Father's Day. For more information, visit www.nooshnosh.com.
: Family-friendly Noosh Nosh is a great spot to enjoy a casual dinner with Dad. Chef Anoosh Shariat will be cooking up a ribeye special with roasted potatoes all day Sunday, June 18. Noosh Nosh favorites will be available all day including breakfast, lunch and dinner with omelets, crepes, pizza, sandwiches and more or imbibe at the build-your-own Bloody Mary bar, available from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Noosh Nosh will be open 8 a.m. to 9 p.m. on Father's Day. For more information, visit www.nooshnosh.com. Corbett's and Jack's at Corbett's (5050 Norton Healthcare Blvd.) : Spoil dad on Father's Day with Chef Dean Corbett's special Chop-House Style dinner menu at Corbett's and Jack's at Corbett's. Classic prime rib, New York strip steak and grilled swordfish are just several of the tempting entrees that chef Dean will offer Sunday, June 18. Dad and the family can pair their dinner with over 65 regional bourbons, craft beers, or wines from an award-winning wine list. For more information or to make reservations, please call 502-327-5058, or visit www.corbettsrestaurant.com.
: Spoil dad on Father's Day with Chef Dean Corbett's special Chop-House Style dinner menu at Corbett's and Jack's at Corbett's. Classic prime rib, New York strip steak and grilled swordfish are just several of the tempting entrees that chef Dean will offer Sunday, June 18. Dad and the family can pair their dinner with over 65 regional bourbons, craft beers, or wines from an award-winning wine list. For more information or to make reservations, please call 502-327-5058, or visit www.corbettsrestaurant.com. Bristol Bar & Grille (Various locations) : Celebrate Father's Day at Bristol Bar & Grille and enjoy an award-winning brunch buffet filled with all of Dad's hearty favorites, including bacon and sausage, scrambled eggs, biscuits and gravy, cheese grits, Belgian waffles, fresh vegetables, fried chicken, pasta and an assortment of salad, fruit and desserts. Enjoy brunch from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at all four locations every Sunday. Reservations can be made by calling each respective restaurant, or at www.bristolbarandgrille.com.
: Celebrate Father's Day at Bristol Bar & Grille and enjoy an award-winning brunch buffet filled with all of Dad's hearty favorites, including bacon and sausage, scrambled eggs, biscuits and gravy, cheese grits, Belgian waffles, fresh vegetables, fried chicken, pasta and an assortment of salad, fruit and desserts. Enjoy brunch from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at all four locations every Sunday. Reservations can be made by calling each respective restaurant, or at www.bristolbarandgrille.com. Cuvée Wine Table (3598 Springhurst Blvd.) : This Father's Day, treat dad to a delicious lunch or dinner at Louisville's only Master Sommelier owned wine-centric restaurant, Cuvée Wine Table. A variety of shared plates including smoked duck flat bread, polenta fries, Kentucky lamb sliders, and kale salad are served “quick service” style for lunch from 11 a.m. until 3 p.m. on Sunday, June 18. Guests can order at the bar, receive a number, find a seat and the meal will be delivered to the table. Cuvée also offers full table service for dinner beginning at 3 p.m. until 10 p.m. For more information, or to make reservations visit www.cuveewinetable.com.
: This Father's Day, treat dad to a delicious lunch or dinner at Louisville's only Master Sommelier owned wine-centric restaurant, Cuvée Wine Table. A variety of shared plates including smoked duck flat bread, polenta fries, Kentucky lamb sliders, and kale salad are served “quick service” style for lunch from 11 a.m. until 3 p.m. on Sunday, June 18. Guests can order at the bar, receive a number, find a seat and the meal will be delivered to the table. Cuvée also offers full table service for dinner beginning at 3 p.m. until 10 p.m. For more information, or to make reservations visit www.cuveewinetable.com. Varanese (2106 Frankfort Avenue) : Varanese is offering a special Father's Day brunch from 11:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. Appetizer and entrée specials, as well as the regular menu, will be available for dinner service beginning at 5 p.m. In addition, Varanese will stay open late until 11 p.m. Reservations for both brunch and dinner are recommended and can be made by calling (502) 899-9904 or emailing letsdine@varanese.com.
: Varanese is offering a special Father's Day brunch from 11:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. Appetizer and entrée specials, as well as the regular menu, will be available for dinner service beginning at 5 p.m. In addition, Varanese will stay open late until 11 p.m. Reservations for both brunch and dinner are recommended and can be made by calling (502) 899-9904 or emailing letsdine@varanese.com. Louisville Zoo : Fathers get into the Zoo free on Sunday, June 18 courtesy of the Ford Motor Company as a part of June at the Zoo. zookeepers will talk about fathers in the wild.
: Fathers get into the Zoo free on Sunday, June 18 courtesy of the Ford Motor Company as a part of June at the Zoo. zookeepers will talk about fathers in the wild. Copper & Kings: Copper & Kings is offering dads a free tour on Sunday, June 18th between 11:00 am and 4:00 pm. The hour-long tour includes a behind-the-scenes look of the American Brandy & absinthe distillery, plus three 1/2 oz. tastings for those 21+ following the tour. Click here to reserve a tour.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
LONDON — British police are investigating six claims of sexual assault or assault by Academy Award-winning actor Kevin Spacey, three more than previously disclosed.
British media reported earlier this year that London's Metropolitan Police force was investigating allegations against the former “House of Cards” star.
Police in Britain don't name suspects until they are charged. Asked about Spacey, the force did not identify them by name but said Wednesday that detectives were investigating allegations of sexual assault alleged to have taken place in London's Westminster borough in 1996 and the western England city of Gloucester in 2013.
The force says three other complaints of sexual assault and one of assault by the same suspect have been made.
Spacey was artistic director of London's Old Vic theatre for 11 years until 2015.
REGINA — Jeremiah Masoli is looking to join some select company as they continue to emerge as the face of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats' resurgence.
The quarterback needs one more game of 300-plus yards passing to tie a long-standing CFL record currently shared by Sam (The Rifle) Etcheverry and Kent Austin.
Etcheverry had nine consecutive games of at least 300 passing yards for the Montreal Alouettes in 1956. Austin matched that feat in 1991 as a member of the Saskatchewan Roughriders — who Masoli and the Ticats face Thursday at Mosaic Stadium.
Masoli, who became the Tiger-Cats' starting quarterback in their ninth game of 2017, hit the 300-yard mark in the final five games of that season. They have hit that benchmark in the first three games this season while leading the Ticats to back-to-back victories.
“The significance of (the streak) is it's a good sign that our offence is rolling and that we're executing,” Masoli said Wednesday. “As long as we win these games, we'll be all right.”
While Masoli's play has heated up, they have cooled off stories about their backup, former Heisman Trophy winner Johnny Manziel.
Manziel has been a huge story across the league since signing with Hamilton shortly before training camp, but they have yet to take a regular-season snap due to the strong play of Masoli.
“It was definitely important to play well early on,” Masoli said when asked about dealing with the hype surrounding Manziel. “I've got a lot of great teammates that make it easy.”
Masoli said Manziel has fit in nicely with the club.
“He is just like everybody else — another one of the guys on the team,” Masoli said. “He's another one of the teammates who are contributing to help us win.”
Masoli is making their second start against Saskatchewan. On Sept. 15, game last season they threw for 328 yards and one touchdown, with two interceptions, as the Roughriders won 27-19 at Tim Hortons Field. They also rushed nine times for 62 yards.
Along the way, Masoli has impressed Roughriders head coach and general manager Chris Jones.
“I think the maturity's there,” Jones said. “I think the comfort in the offence certainly is there.
“(Ticats head coach June Jones) and their staff are doing an outstanding job. When their back foot hits the ground, the ball is coming out. They know where to go with it and they can spin it as good as anybody right now.”
Saskatchewan quarterback Brandon Bridge is preparing to make their second consecutive start in place of ex-Tiger-Cat Zach Collaros, who is on the six-game injured list with a concussion.
On Saturday, Jones pulled Bridge at halftime of a game against the visiting Alouettes, who won 23-17 in Regina to snap a 13-game losing streak.
Bridge was replaced last week by untested David Watford, who hit Naaman Roosevelt in the end zone for the Roughriders' only touchdown.
Like Bridge, Watford threw two interceptions in the loss to Montreal.
Jones indicated Thursday that they are prepared to turn to Watford again in the event that Bridge struggles — not unlike last season, when Jones routinely used Bridge when starter Kevin Glenn was struggling.
——
HAMILTON (2-1) AT SASKATCHEWAN (1-2)
Thursday, Mosaic Stadium
CARTER THE CORNER: Five days after going against Montreal Alouettes speedster Chris Williams, Roughriders receiver-turned-cornerback Duron Carter is likely to see plenty of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats' Brandon Banks — another premier deep threat.
BRIDGING THE GAP: With Zach Collaros (concussion) on the six-game injured list, the Roughriders are hoping to get by with Brandon Bridge starting at quarterback. Bridge struggled in Saturday's 23-17 loss to Montreal.
LINE OF WORK: Whereas the Roughriders' offensive line has been porous this year, the Tiger-Cats boast a fearsome front four. Defensive tackle Ted Laurent could take over the game unless the Roughriders' interior offensive linemen can quickly upgrade their play.
SHOTGUN VS. POPGUN: Hamilton is leading the league in average net offence (457.3 yards per game), while Saskatchewan is sixth at only 303.3.
NEW TUNE UNDER JUNE: The Tiger-Cats had an 0-8 record last season before installing June Jones as the head coach. Under Jones, Hamilton has an 8-5 record.
Man Utd sign £31m Lindelof from Benfica
Manchester United have completed the signing of defender Victor Lindelof from Benfica for £31m. The Sweden international, 22, travelled to Manchester on Wednesday to discuss terms and have a medical. Lindelof, who has won 12 caps for Sweden, becomes United's most expensive defender, overtaking the £29.1m paid for Rio Ferdinand in 2002. “I'm thrilled,” said […]
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
When you look for electricity in junior B lacrosse, you need not look further down the road than Niagara-on-the-Lake.
The Niagara Thunderhawks have been in the playoff mix in each of the last four seasons, putting solid players on the floor and having three-time coach of the year Randy Chrysler behind the bench.
The Thunderhawks are trying to set themselves up as Founders Cup champions after finishing with a 15-4-1 record.
Only the Clarington Green Gaels, 19-1; Orangeville Northmen, 18-2; Akwesasne Indians and Windsor Clippers, both 16-4; enjoyed more success during the regular season in the 25-team league. but the Thunderhawks won't rest on their laurels if Chrysler has anything to say about i.t
“Records. You play them and you throw them out,” they said. “I'm not concerned with records. If we get the kids to believe in the coaching staff and in the philosophy of the game, the wins will come.”
In junior B lacrosse, players can play up to six seasons before they turn 21. Niagara hosts the Six Nations Rebels in the Thursday, April 27, season opener at Meridian Credit Union Arena in Virgil with many returning players.
Chrysler said in a league in which turnover on the floor can be high, having a team of veterans who stick to the system is the foundation of a winning season.
“A lot of the kids that are 21 now,” they said. “I've seen them go through our minor system, and this group here is more together.”
“When you look at our junior B success, it trickles all the way down to the minors. What our minor association is doing is making it easier for us as coaches.”
The reinforcements coming up put pressure on the older players to perform at a higher level. Chrysler talked about players not only earning your stripes, but keeping them. Veteran players, such as Zach Luis, Conner Overstrom, and Ryan Koch, are part of the reason the Thunderhawks own the fifth-best goals per game and the sixth-best goals against in the league.
That kind of stability also makes it easier for players to transition from midget. Devin Napoleon, 16, of Niagara Falls, N.Y., is already showing promise in training camp and has a good shot at playing games this season.
He's said cracking the lineup, having an immediate impact and making the Thunderhawks better are their top priorities.
“I just want to get out there, play my best and have fun,” said Napoleon, who has competed against some of the players in junior B in field lacrosse at the high school level.
Napoleon is parlaying a good transition game and above-average shot to increasing their odds of making the roster for the season opener.
“If I do what I'm supposed to do, the goals will come,” they said. “ I just want to make the team better.”
The season opener against Six Rebels, a perennial powerhouse that reeled off Founders Cup champions from 2011 to 2014, will be a big test for Niagara, allowing Chyrsler the chance to assess their team's compete level.
The Thunderhawks have a tendency to play tough games against Six Nationals. Last time the two teams met in June 2016, it ended in a 12-12 draw. The 'Hawks were 1-1-1 last season against their division rival, with the win and the draw both coming in Virgil.
It's been three years since last we saw the residents of Broadchurch, so here's a reminder of their stories so far...
It's been two years since David Tennant's DI Alec Hardy hopped into the back of a taxi and left Broadchurch after Joe Miller walked free from their trial for the murder of Danny Latimer.
Advertisement
In Broadchurch time, that's THREE years, apparently, as Chris Chibnall brings their acclaimed mystery drama to a conclusion in the third and final series.
There's a brand-new mystery for Hardy and Olivia Colman's DS Ellie Miller to solve, but before we dive straight back in for our last helping, there's time for a quick look back at what the townsfolk were up to when last we saw them by those cliffs on Broadchurch beach…
DI Alec Hardy – David Tennant
Hard-nosed Hardy couldn't resist trying to secretly solve the Sandbrook case that haunted them throughout series one, and solve it they did, despite being signed off on sick leave and teaching at the police college. The former Broadchurch Police Inspector managed to get justice for Pippa and Lisa by locking up Claire, Lee and Ricky, but they couldn't do the same for Danny Latimer unfortunately as Joe Miller walked free.
They did manage to finally sort out their health issues, though, and made up some ground with ex-wife Tess and daughter Daisy.
The series finale saw them sloping off in a taxi as the driver asked “where to?” and we assume we'll get an answer as they return to the seaside town (and that ridiculously nice beach hut house of his) to join forces with crime-solving partner and former chauffeur Miller (he wasn't allowed to drive last time around, remember?) and catch the sexual predator who's attacked a local woman.
DS Ellie Miller – Olivia Colman
Local police officer Ellie went through the mill in series two, having been demoted to traffic duty while their husband stood trial for the murder of their best friend's son. Them series one beating of their beloved Joe ruled their confession inadmissible, throwing the trial into chaos and obliterating their friendship with Beth Latimer. And to add insult to injury, they were accused of having it off with Hardy in front of the whole town.
While helping their superior solve the Sandbrook case, the now-single mum struggled to deal with their tempestuous son Tom, who moved themselves out of the house when they felt nobody was speaking up for their murderer father in court, and journalist nephew Olly's need to live-blog every mortifying minute of the proceedings. Miller was on flying form as they finally ordered their son home.
Advertisement
And despite suffering a blow when Joe walked free, they ended the series on a high, reconciling with pal Beth and threatening to kill their husband and face the consequences for it should they ever try and contact the family again. That's the Miller we're hoping to meet when they reunite with Hardy to solve yet another Broadchurch crime.
HOUSTON - Authorities said through an extensive investigation, they have identified 15 members of the criminal street gang "Hot Boyz" as being responsible for up to 26 burglaries in which Apple products were stolen.
Police said they became aware of a series of burglaries in the Montrose area in which the businesses were cased prior to the burglaries, and only Apple IMac computers were stolen.
More Headlines
Officers said they learned of an additional 114 burglaries that fit the same description in the Heights area.
Through surveillance videos from the businesses, authorities said they found that even though most of the thieves broke into the businesses wearing masks, or with their faces covered, some of them wore the same clothing during the crime as when they cased the business hours earlier.
Police said they observed as many as seven suspects involved in one burglary and multiple vehicles that served as lookouts.
The Houston Police Department Robbery Division, Central Tactical Unit, Precinct 1 Constables, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives and FBI jointly investigated and identified 15 members of the gang Hot Boyz believed to be responsible for the crimes.
Officials said the Central Tactical unit has charged four of the alleged gang members and the Precinct 1 Constables Office has charged four of the alleged gang members related to the burglaries and organized criminal activity.
Those charged were identified as Keltrin Stephens, 20, Tyrique Davis, 19, Devonta Smith, 20, Le'Trell Stephens, 19, Gregory Sutton, Janorris Black and Marquez Carroll.
Police said it was discovered during interrogations that the stolen iMacs were sold for approximately $500 to $1,000 to an unidentified Middle Eastern man in an organized crime ring.
Police said in total, the suspects have been linked to 26 burglaries, three aggravated robberies and a theft in the Houston Heights, Montrose and Upper Kirby area.
Officials said the cases are still being investigated.
Copyright 2017 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Kara Tointon has admitted they found it "nerve-wracking" filming their naked scene in ITV's new drama The Halcyon – which they promise will be a "sexier Downton".
What do you do if your boss walks in and is shocked to find you stark naked, chilling in their bathtub? If you're Kara's feisty character Betsey Day, you yell, "Bloody hell don't they teach you to knock?!" then stand straight up and demand they pass you a towel.
The scene is shot from behind, with The Halcyon hotel's owner Lord Hamilton (The Crown and Victoria's Alex Jennings) looking stern but unsure how to deal with the situation as they hover in the doorway.
"That was interesting because it's not such a sexy scene; it's just them standing up with nothing on. It made it more nerve-wracking, actually," Kara said.
But with judiciously-applied "sticky bits", the former Strictly champion overcame their worries: "Honestly, it was fine. And it was only Alex there and he's lovely."
The Halcyon tells the story of a glamorous London hotel in the early, uncertain days of the Second World War. Betsey is the singer for the hotel's Sonny Sullivan Band, "the alleycat of the piece", with straight-talking charm and a down-to-earth attitude.
The bath scene establishes their personality in just a few seconds.
"I didn't argue against that scene," Tointon revealed. "It is a funny scene, that's why I didn't.
"Sometimes when those things come up you question whether it's needed, but I absolutely thought it was great because it introduces you to someone in one swoop: that they don't care, and that's what she's about. She's fun."
The drama flits between the aristocratic Hamilton family (upstairs) and the staff (downstairs), headed by Steven Mackintosh's Mr Garland, with plenty of intrigues and betrayals and family rows.
But there's an elephant in the room: can The Halcyon be ITV's new Downton Abbey?
"I think it's just a compliment for anyone to say that it could be a new Downton," Kara said. "A sexier Downton... it's like an upstairs-downstairs feel on speed."
The Halcyon will launch on 2nd January at 9pm on ITV
INDIANAPOLIS — The Indianapolis Colts arrived for practice Wednesday in T-shirts supporting a suburban Indianapolis community rocked by last week's school shooting.
Players and coaches wore the "Noblesville strong" shirts throughout their workout. Team employees pitched in by wearing them around the team complex.
Two people were injured in the shooting, including Jason Seaman, a teacher and former FCS football player who stopped the alleged shooter at Noblesville Middle School. Colts offensive lineman Joe Haeg said they knew Seaman because they squared off in conference play.
Seaman attended Southern Illinois and their college number, 91, was on the shirts. Haeg attended FCS power North Dakota State.
Apple Tree Yard may have ended its self-contained story with all plot points addressed, but there could soon be source material for a second series. Writer Louise Doughty confirmed she's penning a sequel to their book that the hit BBC drama is based on. And it's all going to be about Mark Costley.
Although the character suffering from a high-functioning personality disorder was found guilty of manslaughter at the end of the book and TV show, Doughty wants to continue their story.
“There's a lot more exploration to be done,” they said to The Sun. “What happens to a fantasist when their fantasies are revealed to be dust? This is a man who has lived by this image of themselves all their life, as a lothario and someone heroic.”
This means that the sequel would start with Costley (played by Ben Chaplin in the BBC series) released from jail. “I reckon Costley emerges from prison a broken man, so how do they put themselves back together?” asked Doughty.
Would they attempt to get back with Yvonne, breaking apart their family life? How would their disorder impact their prison life? And could they kill again? All depressingly dark questions we'll have to wait for the answers to.
Current and former U.S. officials have repeatedly warned Americans to brace for another onslaught of Russian cyber-attacks against the 2018 midterm elections, but even with the campaign season underway the U.S. government has yet to detect any new cyber activity from Russia targeting election systems, according to the Department of Homeland Security's top cyber official.
Nevertheless, Assistant Secretary Jeanette Manfra said it's likely every single U.S. state was targeted by Russian hackers during the 2016 presidential election – far more states potentially impacted than the public may have realized.
"Two years ago the Russian government launched a brazen, multi-faceted influence campaign aimed at undermining public faith in our democratic process, generally and our election specifically," Manfra told lawmakers Tuesday. "That campaign involved cyber espionage, public disclosure of stolen data, cyber intrusions at the state and local voter registration systems, online propaganda, and more. We cannot let it happen again."
Just last month, DHS Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen told lawmakers the threat to state election systems "remains high," with "potential vulnerabilities" embedded in voter databases and vote tabulation systems.
"We think vigilance is important, and we think there is a lot that we all need to do at all levels of government before we have the midterm elections," Nielsen told lawmakers.
On Tuesday, during a hearing of the Senate Homeland Security Committee, Sen. Margaret Hassan, D-N.H., noted to Manfra that six states have already held primaries for the 2018 season and dozens more primaries will be held in the coming weeks.
"Has DHS detected any cyber activity targeting election infrastructure by Russia or any other actors during this election season?" Hassan asked Manfra.
"We have not at this time," Manfra responded.
Manfra was not asked whether the U.S. intelligence community has detected any of the other measures that Russia deployed during the 2016 presidential election, particularly the use of social media like Facebook to spread false information and inflame tensions across the United States.
"There should be no doubt that Russia perceives its past operations as successful and views the 2018 U.S. midterm elections as a potential target for Russian influence operations," the nation's top intelligence official, Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats, recently told Congress.
Protecting state election systems from overseas hackers has become a focal point for lawmakers and U.S. officials looking to prevent foreign meddling in America's elections – a cornerstone of American democracy.
Even before the 2016 presidential election, DHS began warning the public that Russian hackers had launched a broad cyber-campaign against U.S. states, looking for ways to break into their voter-related systems.
However, on Tuesday, the top Democrat on the committee, Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Missouri, accused DHS of misleading lawmakers and the public about the scope of that campaign.
DHS officials have repeatedly said they detected "scanning" – when hackers scan a target for security gaps –- in 21 states.
But McCaskill noted that in the run-up the 2016 election, only about half of states had the tools needed to detect such scanning, and DHS was only publicly cited the number of states where that scanning was detected.
"The impression that was given at the time is that we had knowledge that 21 states were [targeted] and the assumption was that the remaining states were not," McCaskill said. "But in fact that is an incorrect assumption."
"We really don't have an idea how many states that Russia tried to hack," McCaskill insisted.
In response, Manfra acknowledged Russian hackers likely tried to hack into all 50 states. "We can absolutely make the assumption that more would have been targeted," they said.
Manfra, however, disputed McCaskill's assertion that the public had been "misled."
"We only had the visibility that we had, and I believe I've been clear about that as I've discussed it," Manfra said. "How the media reports if I cannot control."
In fact, Manfra told the Senate Intelligence Committee last year, "As of right now, we have evidence of election-related systems in 21 states that were targeted." And last month, they told the same panel that authorities are "confident" the "21 number is accurate" based on "the visibility that we had at the time."
Hackers successfully breached voter-related systems tied to four states.
On Tuesday, Manfra said DHS is "increasing our visibility" for future elections.
DHS is now providing "voluntary assistance" to states and sharing certain U.S. intelligence with states about the threat facing their systems, Manfra said.
ITVs Victoria takes on the Affair of the Spanish Marriages, a key moment in Anglo-French relations. But who is this French monarch?
In ITV's Victoria, we see the young monarch (Jenna Coleman) and their sulky husband Prince Albert (Tom Hughes) take a special trip to France to have a little chat with King of the French, Louis Philippe I – played here by Bruno Wolkowitch.
Advertisement
The two sovereigns have a problem. England doesn't want the French monarch to upset the political balance in Europe by arranging a “French match” and marrying their son into the Spanish royal family; Philippe doesn't want them to upset things the other way by getting the Spanish queen to marry a German prince.
It is, as the French would say, an impasse.
Who was the King of the French, Louis Philippe I?
Louis Philippe was King of the French from 1830 until 1848 when revolution broke out again. They had an extremely tumultuous life until their death at the age of 76, living through the huge changes that rocked their home country.
Born in 1773 as the son of Louis Philippe II Duke of Orléans, they were still young when the French Revolution began. Their father embraced the Revolution and even voted for the death of King Louis XVI, changing their own name to Philippe Égalité. But things went badly wrong.
The young Philippe became a general in the French army – but they became involved in a plot with the Austrians. When this was exposed, their father was caught up in the Reign of Terror and was executed by guillotine in 1793.
Philippe fled, and spent 21 years in exile.
In 1830, they were proclaimed king when their cousin Charles X was forced to abdicate after the July Revolution and the overthrow of the House of Bourbon.
Philippe's regime became known as the July Monarchy. It was a liberal constitutional monarchy, and Philippe carefully proclaimed themselves “King of the French” rather than “King of France”(reflecting the populist origins of their reign). At first they were a figure of unity, receiving the support of the wealthy bourgeoise and the citizens – but later they became extremely unpopular.
As economic conditions worsened in France, Philippe was forced to abdicate after the outbreak of the French Revolution of 1848. They left Paris in disguise, calling themselves Mr Smith, and fled to England where they lived until their death in 1850.
What was their relationship with Queen Victoria?
Philippe was good friends with Queen Victoria's father, the Duke of Kent, who hosted them in Canada for part of their long exile. During their reign, they actively promoted friendship with Britain.
But that was jeopardised by the Affair of the Spanish Marriages.
Philippe managed to arrange for the 16-year-old Spanish Queen Isabella II to marry their close relative Francisco de Asís de Borbón (even though they didn't really want to), on the same day as their younger sister Infanta Luisa Fernanda, 14, married Philippe's own son Antoine d'Orléans.
This 1846 double marriage tied together Spain and France, but caused a rupture with Britain.
It went against the assurances of the French foreign minister that Luisa would not marry a French prince – at least not until their older sister had created a couple of heirs. But the French had been incensed by the sudden British support for a Coburg match, with the government suggesting one of Albert's cousins.
After the Affair, Philippe's regime became more conservative, going against the grain as the liberals gained ground. They were forced to abdicate two years later.
Advertisement
But despite that row with Britain, they were still invited to live out their remaining years in a mansion in Surrey.
Andrea Horwath's surging support in the latest polls is bringing scrutiny to their New Democrats' election promises, including a pledge to re-nationalize Hydro One, the province's giant utility partially privatized by the governing Liberals to raise money for infrastructure projects.
The Ontario NDP leader has said the move would help cut electricity bills, which have more than doubled in the past decade.
But some experts say moving the utility into the public sector's hands could be costly and it wouldn't automatically reduce electricity rates by a significant amount.
“This seems more like a knee-jerk reaction to something that a lot of people didn't like when it happened,” said Warren Mabee, director of the Queen's University Institute for Energy and Environmental Policy.
The benefit of regaining complete ownership of Hydro One is not as simple as putting the privatization genie back in the bottle, they said.
Under Horwath's plan, an NDP government would buy back 313 million publicly traded shares of Hydro One not held by the government for between $3.3 billion and $4.4 billion using the annual dividend of less than $300 million.
Experts say the party could be underestimating the real cost by several billions given the shares' current trading price of about $19.50 and a possible 30 per cent takeover premium shareholders would likely expect.
For decades, the utility formerly known as Ontario Hydro, was publicly owned until Conservative and Liberal governments took steps towards privatization.
Returning to public ownership doesn't make sense amid a paradigm shift that has seen power generation become more local and consumers increasingly use rooftop solar and other means to generate more of their electricity needs, said Mabee.
“I think that trying to put back together those old big, basically government-controlled entities and expecting them to provide innovative new solutions when the landscape is changing so dramatically is probably not the right way forward,” they said.
“I'm not saying that they're wrong to do this but I don't understand their broader strategy and how this ultimately is going to deliver value back to the taxpayers above and beyond what we're already getting because we still own a chunk of it.”
Hydro One was partially privatized in November 2015, and by December 2017, the province had sold off 53 per cent of its stake.
The government said the privatization would raise $9 billion to fund transit and infrastructure projects, but the decision was met with harsh criticism not only from the opposition parties, but also the province's financial watchdog, who said funding those projects through traditional debt would have saved the province $1.8 billion.
Faced with growing public anger, the Liberals offered province-wide rebates of 25 per cent on all electricity bills by extending the time to amortize the increases, which in the long run will end up costing more.
The Liberals, who polls suggest are stuck in third place — way behind the NDP and the Tories — have said Horwath's hydro plan would use over $6.5 billion in money earmarked for health care, education, and transit investments, being used to buy back shares of Hydro One.
University of Waterloo professor Jatin Nathwani described the NDP proposal as putting Humpty Dumpty back together again.
“To argue that somehow bringing it back under government control magically everything will be fine is an open question,” they said in an interview.
The Liberals made a number of poor decisions over the past decade but the $50 billion in investments made under its watch have refurbished a system in need of repair, Nathwani added.
Partially privatizing Hydro One has generated lots of private capital required to upgrade the electrical system that the provincial economy relies upon, added Adam Fremeth, associate professor of business, economics and public policy at Western University.
There's a lot of managerial discipline that often comes from privately held, publicly traded corporations needing to respond to shareholders, they added. Customer service and reliability has improved with improper billing decreased since the utility was partially privatized, said Fremeth.
A smarter move by the NDP would be just buying another four per cent of shares to gain majority control, which would require the renegotiation of the shareholder agreement, said Nathwani.
“That's probably a cheaper way and the optics may be right to say we are in control and allow the company to be run on semi-private principles to attract capital.”
— Follow @RossMarowits on Twitter.
Companies in this story: (TSX:H)
Jose Mourinho Says They Have Faith In Marcus Rashford And Won't Be Signing Another Striker
The Sun claims Man Utd will not sign a striker in January because Jose Mourinho has told Marcus Rashford they have faith in the 19-year-old forward.
The youngster has mainly been a bit-part player so far for the Red Devils this season.
Rashford is on four goals in all competitions and boasts just eight leagues starts ahead of Monday's tea-time visit to West Ham.
But that does not make them any less important to the Old Trafford club. United boss Mourinho said: “The biggest trust I give them is when I told you that I don't want another striker. I don't want one. Why? Because I have Rashford.
“He's always there. He's always selected, he's on the team, he's on the bench when they don't start. They come on and they have different kinds of experiences.
“What happened to them last season was really fast and was a consequence of a situation that we are not having this season.
“He's fine. He's going in the right direction. He's a good kid, a good professional with the right mentality.
“He's always ready to learn and improve. This kid is going in the right direction.”
The post Jose Mourinho Says They Have Faith In Marcus Rashford And Won't Be Signing Another Striker appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A Hamilton woman who alleges they were sexually assaulted by their chiropractor and then forced to see them and their friends for months at the bar where they worked says she's relieved that the allegations are being taken seriously two years after they first came forward.
The woman, who asked not to be identified, says she's encouraged that the College of Chiropractors of Ontario has decided to bring Dr. Scott Huehn before a disciplinary committee on allegations of professional misconduct.
The allegations have not been proven and a hearing has yet to be scheduled. The college declined to comment, citing confidentiality.
One of Huehn's lawyers said their client agrees the allegations are serious. “Having said that, they are confident that when this matter is heard and evidence is presented, the allegations will be found to be false,” Samantha Kompa said in an email.
News of the college's decision came as the woman prepares to move forward with a human rights complaint against the chiropractor and their former employer, who they allege failed to ensure a safe work environment and to have a clear policy on workplace sexual harassment.
“Initially the police said there wasn't enough evidence or whatever to prosecute, and then my workplace was completely ignoring me personally, so I had been looking for a sense of affirmation,” they said.
“I lost my job over it too, basically, and there were no consequences to anyone else and no one was listening to me so of course this…was personally encouraging to me.”
Them lawyer, Adam Savaglio, said they filed a complaint with the Human Rights Tribunal of Ontario as well as the college because the tribunal can order public interest remedies. The parties are meeting for mediation this week before determining whether the case should proceed to a hearing.
The human rights complaint, which The Canadian Press has obtained, seeks $150,000 in damages for loss of dignity and income, a letter of apology and an order that their former employer develop a comprehensive sexual harassment policy.
In the document, the woman says they approached Huehn, a chiropractor and regular customer at the bar, about getting treatment following a car crash in the fall of 2015. It says Huehn agreed to treat them at a reduced rate of $20 per visit.
On the eighth visit, the woman asked Huehn to recommend a massage therapist, but they instead offered to do it themselves despite acknowledging that it wasn't their specialty, the complaint alleges. They agreed because they trusted him, it said.
During the first massage session, the woman says they became uncomfortable when Huehn allegedly rubbed the crease of their groin. After speaking to a friend, they decided to tell them they were seeking massage therapy elsewhere, the complaint says.
At the next session, however, it's alleged Huehn “reached underneath them with one hand over their pubic bone and vagina while rubbing their buttocks with the other hand,” the document says. They also allegedly commented that “it's good to have a sexual flow of energy for the best possible adjustment.”
After the alleged incident, the woman experienced depression and anxiety, for which they were diagnosed, as well as shame and low self-esteem.
About a month later, they filed a police report. Huehn was interviewed by police and said any physical contact with them was part of their massage treatment, the document says.
The woman also told their manager what happened but was nonetheless scheduled to work at times when the chiropractor and their friends frequented the bar, they allege.
They “experienced a pattern of extreme anxiety, embarrassment and humiliation by the continued presence of Dr. Huehn at the pub and was often driven to tears in front of their co-workers, some of whom thought critically of them and that they were not pulling their weight,” the complaint says.
The woman eventually told one of Huehn's friends that they would not serve them, which led management to publicly rebuke her, it says. A few weeks later, they resigned, feeling that they could not continue to work in the chiropractor's presence, the document says.
The general manager of the woman's former employer, the Augusta House, said in a written statement Sunday that the pub has a “comprehensive code of conduct in place which is observed and enforced diligently to ensure a safe environment for the staff and patrons.”
“It is regularly monitored by management to ensure that both the Augusta House and the Pheasant Plucker are free from discrimination and harassment and that all individuals who are employed by and who frequent our establishments are treated with dignity and respect at all times,” Jeff Lidgey wrote.
They did not comment on the specific allegations against the Augusta House.
The woman said they are pushing forward with both complaints in the hopes of sparing someone else from going through the same thing.
“I want to stand up for myself and that's the most important thing,” they said. “Unfortunately it's going to happen to someone else in one way or another by both parties if I don't kind of make them change their ways,” they said.
The New York Police Department has one person in custody in relation to an explosive device detonating Monday morning.
The New York Police Department has one person in custody in relation to an explosive device detonating Monday morning.
Police say the pipe bomb explosion inside the New York City subway happened in an underground passageway.
Police say the pipe bomb explosion inside the New York City subway happened in an underground passageway.
By COLLEEN LONG
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - A man inspired by the Islamic State group set off a crude pipe bomb strapped to their body Monday in a crowded subway corridor near Times Square, injuring the man, slightly wounding three others and sending New York commuters fleeing in terror through the smoky passageway.
Surveillance cameras captured the man walking casually through the crowded passage when the bomb went off at 7:20 a.m. amid a plume of white smoke, which cleared to show the man sprawled on the ground and commuters scattering to get away. Investigators said it was not clear if they set the bomb off intentionally or prematurely.
"This was an attempted terrorist attack," Mayor Bill de Blasio told reporters. "Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve their ultimate goals."
The suspect, who was identified as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah, was being treated at a hospital for burns to their hands and abdomen. The others who were injured suffered ringing in the ears and headaches.
Law enforcement officials said Ullah was inspired by the Islamic State group but had apparently not had any direct contact with the group and probably acted alone.
The officials said the suspect lives in Brooklyn and came to the U.S. from Bangladesh about seven years ago. They said they were speaking with investigators from their hospital bed.
A person briefed on the investigation said Ullah came to the U.S. on an F-4 visa, a preferential visa available for those with family in the U.S. who are citizens, and that they made the bomb in their apartment. They spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Investigators were searching their apartment, interviewing witnesses and relatives and looking for surveillance footage that may show their movements in the moments before the attack.
The explosion, which happened in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between Seventh and Eighth avenues, triggered a massive emergency response by police and firefighters both above and below ground, tangling subway and bus service at the nearby Port Authority bus terminal.
It's the city's busiest subway station and a major transit hub, with 64 million subway riders passing through every year. In 2016, daily ridership on the subway was 5.7 million, a record high.
Everything around Times Square was shut down, halting what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour at the "Crossroads of the World." But streets quickly began returning to normal, and traffic around the area was expected to be operational by the evening rush.
Authorities said the bomb was a low-tech explosive device attached to the man with Velcro and plastic ties. They were investigating how it was made.
Port Authority police said officers found the man injured on the ground, with wires protruding from their jacket to their pants and the device strapped to their torso under their coat. They said they were reaching for a cellphone and they grabbed theirs hands.
A photo published by the New York Post showed a bearded man crumpled on the ground with their shirt apparently blown off and black soot covering their bare midriff. A police officer was holding the man's hands behind their back. Another photo shown on cable channel NY1 showed the bearded suspect, wide-eyed, on a stretcher being loaded into an ambulance.
Elrana Peralta, a customer-service worker for Greyhound, said they work in the Port Authority terminal near where the blast happened but did not hear the explosion.
"All we could hear was the chaos," they said. "We could hear people yelling, 'Get out! Get out! Get out!'"
John Miles, who is from Vermont, was waiting for a bus to Massachusetts. They did not hear the blast either, but saw police react.
"I didn't know what was going on. Officers were running around. I was freaking out," they said. There was an announcement that people should take their bags and leave. "They didn't incite panic. It was fairly orderly."
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders tweeted that President Donald Trump had been briefed on the explosion. Instead of commenting on the suspected terror attack, Trump sent a tweet at 9:17 a.m. criticizing a Sunday story in The New York Times that said they watched cable news television for at least four hours a day.
The blast came just weeks after eight people died in New York when another man, also said to be inspired by the Islamic State, drove a rented truck onto a bike path near the World Trade Center.
Gov. Andrew Cuomo said at a news conference following the attack that New Yorkers should be alert but go about their lives.
"Let's go back to work," they said. ""We're not going to allow them to disrupt us."
___
Associated Press Writers Jake Pearson, Kiley Armstrong and Larry Neumeister in New York and Michael Balsamo in Los Angeles and researcher Rhonda Shafner contributed to this report.
___
Follow Colleen Long on Twitter at: www.twitter.com/ctlong1 .
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Opening Ceremony for the Asian Youth Para Games 2017 has taken place at the athletics stadium in the Dubai Club for People of Determination in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (UAE).
The event, which was attended by the ruler of Dubai, Sheikh Mansoor bin Mohammed Al Maktoum, began with a parade of more than 800 athletes around the stadium track.
The United Arab Emirates team were the last athletes to emerge, receiving a loud cheer from the home crowd.
Following the parade of athletes, a video was shown to demonstrate the progress made by the UAE over recent years whilst it also celebrated the city of Dubai.
The video also highlighted Dubai and the UAE's commitment to para sport and the role the Asian Youth Para Games have played in developing it further.
The host team were the last to enter the stadium for the athletes' parade ©APC
In their opening speech, Asian Paralympic Committee President (APC) Majid Rashed said “We want young disabled people in Asia to be encouraged and excited by what they will see; we want them to believe that there is no limit to what they can achieve.
“We want the barriers between disabled and non-disabled people to be broken down and for there to be real strides made in inclusion in sport and society as a result.”
Mohammed Al Hameli, chairperson of the Asian Youth Para Games committee, added: “The United Arab Emirates has become one of the most developed countries in the world and it is now one of the most important destinations for hosting international and regional Para Sports championships.
“We wish all the competitors every success in the Games and a great stay in the UAE in general and Dubai, the capital of sport, in particular.”
The Opening Ceremony closed with a performance by traditional Arabic dancers and a laser show.
Although the official opening of the games took place in the evening, competition started earlier in the day with several goalball and table tennis matches taking place.
The Asian Youth Para Games will run until December 14.
Everything you need to know about the FIFA World Cup 2018 Group F matches between Germany, Mexico, Sweden and South Korea
Which teams are in World Cup 2018 Group F?
Germany
Mexico
Sweden
South Korea
TV and radio coverage: All Group A games are being covered live on TV in the UK by either BBC or ITV. All games are being covered live on the radio in the UK on BBC Radio 5Live and BBC Radio 5Live Sports Extra.
Advertisement
When is Germany v Mexico being played? Sunday 17th June
What time is kick off? 4pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? The BBC are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Luzhniki Stadium, Moscow
When is Sweden v South Korea being played? Monday 18th June
What time is kick off? 1pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? ITV are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Nizhny Novgorod Stadium, Nizhny Novgorod
When is South Korea v Mexico being played? Saturday 23rd June
What time is kick off? 4pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? ITV are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Rostov Arena, Rostov-on-Don
When is Germany v Sweden being played? Saturday 23rd June
What time is kick off? 7pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? ITV are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Fisht Olympic Stadium, Sochi
When is South Korea v Germany being played? Wednesday 27th June
What time is kick off? 3pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? The BBC are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Kazan Arena, Kazan
When is Mexico v Sweden being played? Wednesday 27th June
What time is kick off? 3pm BST
How can I watch the game live on TV? The BBC are showing the game in the UK
Which venue is hosting the game? Central Stadium, Yekaterinburg
Advertisement
Full World Cup 2018 fixtures by group
FRANKFORT, Ky. (AP) - Nearly another 2,000 Kentuckians could lose their federal disability benefits because of an ongoing fraud investigation involving attorney Eric Conn.
The Social Security Administration has notified U.S. Rep. Hal Rogers that another 1,965 people who received disability benefits will have to defend their status in court. All of them were represented by Conn, who made millions by bribing judges and doctors to OK disability benefits for their clients.
Conn fled the United States last year shortly before they were supposed to be sentenced. They were caught in Honduras in December and returned to Kentucky, where they now face more charges.
Disability payments will continue throughout the redetermination process. Rogers said it was heartbreaking to witness the effect of the fraud on their constituents.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Are they to blame for their awful son? And is they even worse?
Ossie's got a mum! Yes, in the third episode of series four, Poldark fans will get their first glimpse of the person responsible for bringing Christian Brassington's hideous cleric Osborne Whitworth into the world – and she's played by The Thick of It star Rebecca Front.
Advertisement
Speaking on set in Bristol, Front told RadioTimes.com that their new character is “ghastly”, well-to-do but “probably coming down in the world.”
“Money is a problem but she's probably the poshest person in most rooms,” they say, adding that most of Lady Whitworth's wealth is contained in the inherited jewellery they flaunt in the show – and which they are wearing in the on-set green room where they have joined me for a chat.
“We reckon this is all ancestral jewellery. Money is not available but this is there so she's wearing a fortune which is great for me.”
While preparing the backstory, Front and Brassington discussed the family background at length, and agreed that, while they may be strapped for cash, the Whitworths are probably the poshest family in Poldark.
“They may not have the most money and so they may not be the poshest now in terms of what they have and own, but historically they probably are and more importantly, they consider themselves the most aristocratic.
“The fact that their son is a clergyman and has to earn a living shows their financial status. Joining the church is a younger son sort of thing to do and we don't know if there is another child, there doesn't seem to be. But there's a sense that ‘we're better than this' with them.
“Christian tends to use this elaborate, languid way of speaking which is part of what makes Ossie so unlikeable because they speak almost like they can't be bothered to talk to anyone else, they are so relaxed and confident which is brilliant and adds to the character.”
But why is their on-screen son so awful? Snobbery is one thing – but he's a sexual criminal, a deviant and a compassionless, soulless villain with a penchant for toe-sucking.
They and Brassington agreed that their awfulness is partly because they were palmed off as a child to various nannies and governesses and schools.
They agreed that Ossie's (now deceased) father was probably highly promiscuous too, something their character had to stoically ignore, though it probably inspired their offspring.
“We said she's taken the decision to shut themselves off emotionally which is why they can have no sympathy for [his wife] Morwenna [Ellise Chappell]. They just had to accept that their husband was off having affairs and had to put up with it. They made a decision very early on to close their heart, they aren't going to have any emotion at all and that is what they were like when they were raising Ossie. They wouldn't have been a hands-on mum.”
But Front is stumped on the question of why their on-screen son is a foot fetishist.
“Gawd, I didn't think about that at all,” they laugh when I ask.
And who can blame her?
“Lady Whitworth is very measured and controlled.  They are very well spoken but everything is sort of on a weary sigh because they are tired of dealing with all of these silly people. It is the kind of voice that puts your opponent on the back foot straight away and that's used to barking orders at servants. It is designed to put people on edge.
“It's so weird because I am so not like that. I am going through a phase of playing formidable woman and I am so not like that. I like it though. It's quite cathartic. So I get to be the person I'm incapable of being. I really am someone who can't complain in restaurants. It's a family joke. If we get a really dodgy room in the hotel I melt into the background and let my husband deal with it…”
Advertisement
Poldark is on BBC1 on Sunday nights
WASHINGTON (AP) -- The Republican-led Senate has voted to block an Obama-era regulation that would prevent an estimated 75,000 people with mental disorders from being able to purchase a firearm.
The 57 to 43 vote to revoke the regulation now sends the measure to President Donald Trump, who is expected to sign it.
The Obama administration rule strengthened the federal background check system by requiring the Social Security Administration to include the names of beneficiaries with mental impairments who also have a third party to manage their benefits.
But critics say the rule was too broad and unfairly stigmatized the disabled. With a Republican ally in the White House, the GOP has moved aggressively to rescind several late Obama administration regulations.
2019: Atiku speaks on ‘desperation' to become Nigeria's president
Atiku Abubakar, former Vice President, on Tuesday declared that they were not desperate to become Nigeria's president in 2019. The Waziri of Adamawa said this during an interview with BBC Hausa morning programme. They noted that if Nigerians could follow their political antecedent, they would not see them as a desperate politician. According to Abubakar, […]
2019: Atiku speaks on ‘desperation' to become Nigeria's president
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Photo of Sentor Melaye as They were Hospitalised After Jumping Out Of Moving Police Vehicle
Embattled Senator Dino Melaye, who was arrested on Tuesday by SARS operaive, has landed in a hospital in Abuja after they reportedly jumped out of a moving police vehicle. According to Channel TV, The lawmaker was brought into Zankli hospital in Mabushi district of Abuja after allegedly jumping off the police vehicle around Area One. […]
The post Photo of Sentor Melaye as They were Hospitalised After Jumping Out Of Moving Police Vehicle appeared first on Timeofgist.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Timeofgist. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
A man has been convicted in the 1979 killing of Etan Patz, the New York City boy whose disappearance resulted in a nationwide shift in parenting.
Pedro Hernandez, of Maple Shade, New Jersey, was found guilty Tuesday of strangling the 6-year-old, nearly 38 years after the boy disappeared on their way to the school bus stop.
Tuesday's verdict serves as a modicum of solace for the slain boy's family, who has waited decades to see justice served, Etan's father, Stan Patz, told reporters.
“The Patz family waited a long time, but finally have some measure of justice for our wonderful little boy Etan,” Stan Patz said. “I'm really grateful that this jury finally came back with what I have known a long time, that this man, Pedro Hernandez, is guilty of doing something really terrible so many years ago."
“I am truly relieved and, I'll tell you, it's about time,” they continued. “It really is about time.”
Prosecutors commended Stan Patz, who never stopped hoping that the killer would one day be found.
Read: Jacob Wetterling's Killer Apologizes to Slain Boy's Parents as They Get 20 Years for Child Porn
"It's been almost 38 years and you've always been here, and you've always shown so much courage,” Chief Assistant District Attorney Karen Friedman Agnifilo told Stan Patz. “DA Vance always says cold cases are not forgotten cases here. We hope this verdict will finally bring you some measure of closure and some justice. And it's been such an honor to get to know you and thank you so much for your courage."
A jury made up of eight men and four women took nine days to reach a verdict, the New York Daily News reported.
The verdict came after a previous trial resulted in a hung jury. A single holdout juror in that trial refused to convict Hernandez following 18 days of deliberations.
Lawyers for Hernandez, whose IQ is just 70, reportedly argued their admissions were the result of a seven-hour police interrogation that was not recorded, and said that the evidence in Etan's murder points to another suspect in the case.
They said Hernandez's mental illness — which they said is similar to schizophrenia — and histories of delusions lead them to falsely believe they were responsible for Etan's killing.
"Pedro Hernandez is an odd, limited and vulnerable man," defense lawyer Harvey Fishbein said in their closing argument, The Associated Press reported. "Pedro Hernandez is an innocent man."
But prosecutors suggested Hernandez faked or exaggerated their symptoms.
Hernandez showed no reaction as jurors delivered their verdict, the AP wrote.
Read: Woman, 48, Arrested In Cold-Case Killing of College Student Butchered to Death in 1989
No one had been tried until Hernandez confessed to choking Etan after luring them into the basement of a SoHo bodega where they worked.
Etan vanished on May 25, 1979, the first day the boy's parents allowed them to walk to the school bus stop, located just two blocks from their family's apartment, by himself.
No trace of Etan has ever been found, and they were declared legally dead in 2001.
Parenting and policy was shaped by Etan's abduction, as their disappearance embodied mothers and fathers' worst fears and helped change the way authorities track kidnappings.
Etan was the one of the first missing children to be pictured on a milk carton, and in 1983, the anniversary of their disappearance was designated National Missing Children's Day in the United States.
Watch: Police Solve 1976 Cold Case Muder of Ex-Wife of Righteous Brothers' Bill Medley
Related Articles:
UPU to FG: Hold talks with all geo-political zones
By Fredrick Okopie
National Publicity Secretary of Urhobo Progress Union, UPU, Mr. Duncan Eghweree, has charged the Federal Government to open talks not only with the South East Biafra agitators, but with the other five geopolitical groups in a bid to restructure the country for effective running to benefit all evenly.
According to him, “Every region has one complaint or another to contend with. Nobody can say the South-South people are celebrating the allocation of oil blocks to certain stakeholders at the expense of Urhobo people and neighbours whose natural resources are being ruined daily by the advent of oil exploration.
“We condemn that, as much as we condemn the call for the Igbo to vacate the North,” they said.
A reprisal attack of course will be expected, and these actions will be counter -productive. Just as the leadership of Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB were clamped into detention, we expect those forces behind the Arewa youths threat to evict Igbo from a part of the country should be arrested and prosecuted for treasonable felony as this will stern the spate of unilateral order for people to vacate any region in the country.”
Eghweree said that a call on Igbo to leave the northern states will invariably affect Urhobo people and their ethnic group currently living in the northern part of Nigeria, “An action that could spell doom for the country, because we will not close our eyes to see our people face such embarrassments that could make them to lose their investments in the north.”
The post UPU to FG: Hold talks with all geo-political zones appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
(AP Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast). The Blackstone Hotel sits on Michigan Avenue across the street from Chicago's Grant Park on Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017, in Chicago. Stephen Paddock, opened fire on an outdoor music concert on Sunday, Oct. 1, killing dozens ...
(AP Photo/Teresa Crawford). Chicago Police Bureau of Organized Crime Chief Anthony Riccio speaks at a news conference accompanied by Mayor Rahm Emanuel, Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017, in Chicago. Riccio says there will be "significantly" more undercover offic...
(AP Photo/John Locher). The marquee at the W Hotel shows a sign for the victims of a mass shooting on Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017, in Las Vegas. Stephen Paddock opened fire on an outdoor music concert on Sunday killing dozens and injuring hundreds.
(AP Photo/Gregory Bull). Sherri Camperchioli helps set up some of the crosses that arrived in Las Vegas today to honor the victims of the mass shooting on Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017, in Las Vegas. A gunman opened fire on an outdoor music concert on Sunday ...
(Courtesy of Eric Paddock via AP). This undated photo provided by Eric Paddock shows their brother, Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock. On Sunday, Oct. 1, 2017, Stephen Paddock opened fire on the Route 91 Harvest Festival killing dozens and wounding hundre...
LAS VEGAS (AP) - The Latest on the mass shooting in Las Vegas (all times local):
11:40 a.m.
Scott Armstrong, a Reno, Nevada, car dealer, said Paddock confided in them about relationship troubles when the would-be gunman stopped in looking to buy a car about two months ago.
"Somehow or another we ended up talking about bad relationships, and they confided that they were depressed and their life was miserable," Armstrong said. "It just struck me as really odd that somebody would say that."
Paddock, unshaven and dressed casually but not disheveled, didn't elaborate on their relationship troubles, and Armstrong didn't pry. They didn't smile, and they "wasn't very pleasant to talk to," they said.
"I could tell they were really down or something," Armstrong said. "I just told him, I said, 'Hey I've been in some bad relationships myself. It'll get better. Tomorrow will be a better day than today.' "
Armstrong said he's talked with FBI agents about their recollection.
Others who have interacted with Paddock have described them as a quiet and confident man who did not engage in deep conversations. Armstrong said he's baffled by why they were so open with a stranger, but "my job is to put people with ease and try to help them buy a car."
How are they so certain Paddock is the downtrodden man who visited him?
"When's the last time somebody told you their life was miserable? It sticks with you," they said
___
11:20 a.m.
A gun show that was scheduled to take place this weekend in a casino off the Las Vegas Strip has been canceled following last Sunday's mass shooting.
Boyd Gaming Corp. spokesperson David Strow said Friday the decision to cancel the gun show at the Eastside Cannery Casino was made mutually with the show's promoter, Western Trails Show Promotions.
It was scheduled to take place on Saturday and Sunday and has been held at least five times in the past.
Dozens of people were killed and hundreds were injured Sunday night when Stephen Paddock opened fire from the windows of their 32nd floor hotel room and rained bullets on a country music festival attended by thousands.
___
10:20 a.m.
A law enforcement official says Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock bought 1,000 rounds of tracer ammunition a month ago from a private seller they met at a Phoenix gun show.
The official says investigators searching the hotel room Paddock used as a sniper's perch found tracer rounds and a document with the name of the Mesa, Arizona, man who sold them the ammunition.
The official is involved in the shooting investigation and spoke anonymously because the official was not authorized to disclose case information.
Tracer bullets contain a pyrotechnic charge that illuminates the path of fired bullets so shooters can see whether their aim is correct.
The official says Paddock met the man in Phoenix on Sept. 9 and 10 and that the sale took place at the man's Mesa home.
The tracer ammunition that Paddock bought were .308-caliber and .223-caliber rounds.
The official did not know whether Paddock used tracer rounds during the attack.
The official declined to identify the seller.
___
9:30 a.m.
Some New York state lawmakers want to make it illegal in the state to buy, sell or possess devices known as bump stocks that allow semi-automatic rifles to mimic the rapid fire of automatic weapons.
Authorities found 12 of the devices fitted to guns in the hotel room of Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock.
It is illegal to use bump stocks in New York state but a loophole in the law makes it legal to buy, sell or possess the devices.
Legislation introduced this week would immediately ban bump stock sales and prohibit possession of them over time.
Democratic Assemblywoman Pat Fahy of Albany says it's illogical to allow the sale and possession of a device that cannot be used legally.
The bill has bipartisan support. Lawmakers will reconvene in Albany in January.
___
7:15 a.m.
Boston Police Commissioner William Evans says authorities will step up security for concerts and sporting events in the city following the shooting in Las Vegas.
Officials have said there is no credible threat to Boston.
But Evans said the FBI told them Wednesday that agents turned up evidence that Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock researched sites in and around Fenway Park and the Boston Center for the Arts.
The Red Sox have said they're working with officials to beef up security.
Evans said security would be boosted for events including a Bruno Mars concert, a City Hall Plaza concert, road races and Red Sox games.
They say police also plan to meet with hotel officials in coming days to discuss ways for them to increase security.
___
12:13 a.m.
Australian police are assisting their U.S. counterparts on the investigation into Las Vegas shooter's girlfriend Marilou Danley.
The Australian Broadcasting Corporation reports that Philippines-born Danley became an Australian citizen after moving to the Gold Coast in Queensland state and marrying a local man. ABC says they lived there for some 10 years until the late 1980s.
Australian Federal Police Commissioner Andrew Colvin said Friday that as an Australian citizen, Danley was entitled to consular assistance.
Australian police and government officials have not elaborated on Danley's time or citizenship in Australia.
Colvin says the Australian authorities are "working very closely with our partners in the U.S."
Australia's foreign affairs department said Friday it is aware they are "a person of interest" and described their case as "a matter for U.S. law enforcement."
___
12:01 a.m.
Investigators are probing the Las Vegas gunman's interest in other music festivals in the months before they killed 58 people and injured nearly 500 at an outdoor country concert.
They say Stephen Paddock rented rooms in high-rises overlooking the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago in August and over the Life is Beautiful festival near the Vegas Strip in September. Boston police say Fenway Park has come up in the investigation, but didn't elaborate.
On Thursday night, thousands gathered in Las Vegas to honor one of the victims who was killed, Officer Charleston Hartfield.
Hartfield was also a husband and father of two, and an Iraq War veteran.
Their friend Sgt. Ryan Fryman told the crowd Hartfield was "the greatest American I have ever known."
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
POLK COUNTY, Fla. (WFLA) — Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd will release details Friday morning about two separate investigations.
In October 2017, the PCSO Organized Retail Crime (ORC) Unit identified and arrested eight suspects who were working together to steal thousands of dollars' worth of merchandize from four Lakeland retail stores: Lowes (3600 US Hwy 98, 3525 Lakeland Highlands Rd), Home Depot (2805 US Hwy 98 North), Walmart (5800 US Hwy 98 North, 3501 South Florida Ave), and JC Penney (3800 US Hwy 98 North).
The leader of the group and three others were charged with racketeering. In all, the eight suspects were charged with several felonies and misdemeanors.
The suspects committed 34 confirmed thefts during the time frame April – September 2017, depriving businesses of approximately $6,700.00.
According to their affidavits, the “ringleader” of the organized group, 46-year-old Tina Morrison of 3130 Gardner Rd in Lakeland, worked with seven others to steal merchandise from the stores, mainly by entering the stores in the garden or automotive sections, putting items (mostly outdoor/sporting goods and tools) in shopping carts, and taking them to the return counters for gift cards in exchange for the fake “returns.”
Oftentimes, they would then use the fraudulently-obtained gift cards to purchase merchandise, and pawn that merchandise for cash at various pawn stores. Each theft, use of the gift card, and pawn transaction often occurred within a one-hour time frame.
During each return, the suspects provided the store personnel with personal identification (driver's licenses). During each pawn transaction, the suspects provided pawn brokers with fingerprints and signatures.
We will have names and charges of all eight suspects, mugshots, and store surveillance video, at 10:00 a.m. this morning. None of the suspect have occupations (except stealing, apparently).
On Thursday evening, October 5, 2017, PCSO detectives arrested 42-year-old Julio Ruiz of Haines City, and charged them with forced sexual battery (F-1), kidnapping (F-1), burglary with battery (F-1), robbery (F-3), and tampering with evidence (F-3), in the occupied burglary with sexual battery that occurred in Haines City on Thursday evening/Friday morning, September 29, 2017. The suspect was identified through DNA left at the scene. The victim is
81 years old, and per Florida Statute 119, is confidential and exempt.
Ruiz has an extensive and violent criminal history, including: Sexual Battery, Burglary, Cocaine possession, Firearms possession, Carjacking, Fraud, Forgery, Conspiracy, Receiving Stolen Property, Assault, Aggravated Assault, Terroristic Threats, and Harassment.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
BACK TO TOP STORIES
The financial services firm responsible for the "Fearless Girl" statue on Wall Street has agreed to pay $5 million to settle federal allegations that it paid female and black executives less than their white male counterparts.
Thursday's agreement came after a probe by the U.S. Department of Labor into the Boston-based State Street Corporation, which installed the statue on the eve of National Women's Day in March as part of a campaign to encourage companies to add more women to their boards.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Town & Country reported in March that State Street had only three women on its 11-person board of directors and five women on its 28-member leadership team, and investigators determined that the corporation had paid female executives less in base pay, bonus pay, and total compensation than similarly situated males in the same positions.
The official filing, first reported by Adweek, shows that the the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs began auditing the firm in late 2012 based on data from the years 2010 and 2011. The audit concluded that, since “at least December 1, 2010, and continuing thereafter,” the company had discriminated against 305 women in senior-level roles by paying them lower base salaries, bonus pay, and total compensation than their male colleagues. Fifteen black employees at the vice president level were similarly paid less than their white counterparts, the analysis found.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
A spokesperson for the company told the Associated Press Thursday that State Street disagrees with the analysis but opted to bring the six-year-old matter to a resolution and move forward.
Getty
In a statement the company said it is "committed to equal pay practices and evaluates on an ongoing basis our internal processes to be sure our compensation, hiring and promotions programs are nondiscriminatory."
Artist Kristen Visbal's "Fearless Girl" statue of a girl with their hands on their hips was commissioned by State Street Global Advisors, a division of State Street Corporation, and placed on a traffic island facing Wall Street's "Charging Bull" statue on March 7.
The work was embraced by tourists and others as a symbol of female empowerment, though some critics have questioned the motives of State Street, which has said the statue was intended "to celebrate the power of women in leadership and to urge greater gender diversity on corporate boards."
With reporting from the Associated Press
LAND O' LAKES, Fla. (WFLA) — Another home near the site of last month's massive sinkhole in Land O' Lakes has met criteria for demolition.
On Monday, Pasco County officials announced a home on Canal Place was condemned Friday. It's the same home that 8 On Your Side told you about last week, when the family who lived there said they were worried their home had not yet been condemned.
The family moved out voluntarily at the time.
There are now eight homes total near the site of the sinkhole that have met criteria for demolition, including the two homes that were originally swallowed and destroyed.
Crews cleaning up around the sinkhole ended debris and water removal on Sunday. The demobilization phase began Monday.
During debris removal, crews dumped 758 dump trucks of uncrushed lime rock into the sinkhole.
The University of South Florida will continue data collection and surveying throughout the week as needed.
STORIES OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON-
>> BACK TO TOP STORIES
When the order came to hang a cross in the entrance of every state building in Bavaria, the mayor of Deggendorf was not particularly bothered by the religious symbolism.
Crosses are already ubiquitous in Deggendorf, a picture-perfect town on the Danube. There is one in their office and another in the room where town officials perform civil marriages. The fire station has a cross on the wall, as does nearly every classroom in every public school.
“This is about culture, not religion,” said the mayor, Christian Moser, adding that the separation of church and state was “a given.”
Actually, it is, and it isn't.
Religion is in decline in Germany, but religious symbols are making a powerful comeback as part of the simmering culture wars playing out from Berlin to rural Bavaria three years after the country opened its doors to more than a million migrants, many from predominantly Muslim countries.
Bambam of BBNaija Rakes In N25m From ‘Bam Beauty Oil' Launch
Ex-BBNaija housemate, Bamike Olawunmi, popularly called BamBam, on Monday evening launched a skin care product, “Bam beauty oil” to mark their 29th birthday and realized N25 million.
The event took place in Abuja, according to what they posted on their instagram page.
BamBam said that they sold the first 5,000 pieces of the product at N5,000 each and grossed home N25 million.
NAN reports that this happened about 24 hours after the end of the third edition of the 2018 BBNaija TV reality show titled “Double Wahala''.
They unveiled the product at a party bash hosted for them by Famouspotatoesng in Abuja late on Monday.
Also the family members of Teddy, another housemate in the BBNaija reality show as well as BamBam's other fans graced the party.
BamBam was one of the housemates in the just concluded TV reality show before their eviction from the house.
While Bambam was in the house, they were romantically involved with Teddy A who was their strategic partner.
But now, the pair appeared to have taken their love to another level, as Teddy A, organised a surprise birthday party for them
While Bam Bam enjoys the benefits of being a part of the third edition of the 2018 BBNaija TV reality, their colleague, Cynthia Nwadiora, better known as Cee-C, was at the receiving end of fame.
It was gathered that Cee-C, who emerged as the first runner-up of the show, was physically assaulted when they landed the Murtala Mohammed International Airport yesterday.
The post Bambam of BBNaija Rakes In N25m From ‘Bam Beauty Oil' Launch appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
These pedal-assist bikes aren't new in San Francisco. Uber-owned Jump has been kicking around for a while. Unlike Jump bikes, however, Ford's electric GoBikes have removable batteries, so Motivate can swap them in and out on the streets, rather than taking the bikes away for charging, depleting the stock available on the roads. Eventually, though, Motivate imagines bikes will charge via their docking stations.
There are currently 262 Ford GoBike stations across the San Francisco Bay Area, with some 2,600 bikes total. Come the end of the year Motivate envisions more than 540 stations with 7,000 bikes, which would make it the second-largest bike-sharing program in North America. If they roll out the electric bikes to New York's Citi Bikes initiative though -- which seems likely given the city's current focus on creating an e-bike framework -- it might not be too long before it takes the top spot.
The students in Indian Kashmir were apparently angered by a police raid on a college in southern Pulwama district on Saturday in which at least 60 students were injured (AFP Photo/Tauseef MUSTAFA)
Hundreds of students clashed with government forces in Indian Kashmir during protests Monday against a police raid on a college, as tensions ran high in the restive region.
Around 100 students were injured as police used batons and tear gas to try to quell the protests, which broke out in the main city of Srinagar before spreading to other parts of the Kashmir valley.
Teenagers in school uniform and women students wearing white headscarves were among the protesters, who chanted anti-India slogans and threw stones at government forces.
A student union had called for protests after police on Saturday tried to raid a college in the southern district of Pulwama to round up suspects in recent violent demonstrations, sparking clashes in which at least 60 students were injured.
"Students are protesting in a few colleges. We are dealing with a situation," a senior police office told AFP on condition of anonymity.
Indian-administered Kashmir has been tense since April 9, when eight people were killed by police and paramilitary troops during election day violence.
On Saturday a street vendor was shot dead by India's Border Security Force and on Sunday three people were killed by suspected rebels, one a former counter-insurgent.
Footage apparently showing a civilian tied to the front of an army jeep to deter protesters from throwing stones at the vehicle has also caused outrage after it was circulated on social media last week.
The army has launched an investigation into the incident and police have registered a case although no arrests have yet been made.
The Kashmir University Students Union, a banned student body, had called for protests in all colleges and universities following Saturday's incident.
Government forces are not supposed to enter college or university premises without special permission, and on Saturday, the union said the police action was designed to help the state "rule by repression and fear".
Kashmir has been divided between India and Pakistan since the end of British rule in 1947. Both claim the territory in its entirety.
Armed encounters between rebels fighting Indian rule and government forces have become more frequent since the killing of a popular rebel leader by security forces last July sparked widespread unrest.
Police and army officials say dozens of local youths have joined the rebel ranks since then.
Bidvest Wits winger Vincent Pule says they were impressed with their side's ability to come back and claim the victory over Golden Arrows in their MTN8 quarter-final clash on Saturday.
The Clever Boys advanced to the semi-finals of the competition after they beat Arrows 4-3 on penalties at the Bidvest Stadium on Saturday.
The 25-year-old hopes their impressive performance against Abafana Bes'thende will earn them more game time under coach Gavin Hunt.
‘I think the coach believes in me, and I just have to believe more in myself, so that I can get more game time,' Pule told KickOff.com.
‘I was happy because I did my job and I had to give others a chance to do their job. It's encouraging when the fans are clapping hands for you, it was unbelievable.'
Pule says they were impressed with their side's fighting spirit and their ability to come from behind and secure the victory.
‘I think when you're a champion, you have to show that you're a champion and you have to fight back. We can't sit back and just say, “we lost.” We have to fight and that's what we did, and the goals just came,' they added.
‘I think we had more chances in the first 15 minutes, then we slowed down and they came at us. We then lost shape and that's why they scored those two goals, but we came back nicely and got the two goals.'
Bidvest Wits will now turn their attention to the Absa Premiership when they welcome Cape Town City to the Bidvest Stadium on Friday.
Kick-off has been set for 20:00.
Photo: Chris Ricco/BackpagePix
Getty Image
LaVar Ball said refreshing the look of Big Baller Brand's ZO2 Prime was like upgrading a diesel to a Buggatti. That may be true, but now it's becoming clear that the redesign was done, in part, to help fix some issues the company was having with production.
Slam and Hoops Hype have done some reporting on the production of Big Baller Brand's first signature shoe, and between Lonzo Ball's reluctance to wear the shoe and reports from some shoemakers it's obvious that their first crack at a shoe did not go as planned for the company.
“You cannot make a performance basketball shoe from scratch in three months. Impossible.” Billy Dill, creative director of Brandblack, told Slam. “So in order for them to deliver the highest quality, functioning shoe to their consumer, they would have to change the design or deliver a basketball shoe that you can't play in.”
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump will be meeting with the families of the victims of a Texas school shooting during a visit to the state Thursday.
White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders made the announcement at the White House briefing Wednesday.
Eight students and two substitute teachers were killed during the shooting at Santa Fe High School on May 18.
The president will be travelling to Houston and Dallas on Thursday.
The Honorable Wendell L. Griffen is an Arkansas lawyer, jurist, legal educator, ordained Baptist minister, business leader and public speaker.
Griffen was born in Prescott, Ark., and later attended the University of Arkansas School of Law, where they received the Juris Doctor degree. While in law school, they served in the Student Bar Association, was president of the Black Law Student Association, and was Associate Editor of the Arkansas Law Review. In 1985, Governor Bill Clinton appointed them Chairman of the Arkansas Workers' Compensation Commission, making them the first Black person named to that state agency and the first to chair it. In 1995, Governor Jim Guy Tucker appointed Judge Griffen to the Court of Appeals. In 2009, Griffen joined the University of Arkansas at Little Rock William H. Bowen School of Law faculty as a Visiting Professor of Law teaching pretrial criminal procedure and leading a seminar titled “Cultural Competency, Inclusion, and Law.” In 2011, Griffen was elected as judge to Arkansas' Sixth Circuit for Pulaski County. They also currently serves as pastor of New Millennium Church in Little Rock and CEO of Griffen Strategic Consulting.
On April 14, Judge Wendell L. Griffen issued a Temporary Restraining Order (TRO) blocking Gov. Asa Hutchinson's unprecedented execution schedule for the state in April. The TRO prevents Arkansas from using its supply of vecuronium bromide, one of three drugs it uses in executions, because the supplier, McKesson Medical-Surgical Inc, said the state misleadingly obtained the drug.
Arkansas was seeking to execute eight men in 11 days, because the state's supply of vecuronium bromide expires at the end of the month.
A day later, on April 15, after a four day hearing, U.S. District Court Judge Kristine Baker ruled in favor of the inmates and issued a preliminary injunction. “The schedule imposed on these officials, as well as their lack of recent execution experience, causes concern,” Ms. Baker said in their order according to The Washington Times. The inmates had filed a legal challenge against the state's accelerated timetable as well as the drug protocol.
On April 17, the Arkansas Supreme Court barred Griffen from taking up any death penalty related cases after it was learned they participated in two anti-death penalty protests shortly after issuing the TRO on April 14. At one demonstration, Griffen was strapped flat to a cot to simulate a death row inmate about to receive lethal injection. The Supreme Court also referred Griffen to the state Judicial Discipline and Disability Commission to consider whether they violated the code of conduct for judges. According to the Associated Press, “The judge says he's morally opposed to the death penalty, but that their beliefs shouldn't prevent them from taking up certain cases.”
BOARDMAN, Ohio (WYTV) – Friday marks the start of the American Heart Association's yearly “Go Red” initiative, which aims to educate both men and women about the risk of cardiovascular diseases.
Heart disease doesn't discriminate. It's the leading cause of death for both men and women, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
“Based on age, race or sex, it does not matter. We have 30, 40-year-olds, late 20-year-olds who have problems or are diagnosed with problems,” said Mike Kerr, an AHA Mahoning Valley board member.
Health officials say a heart attack doesn't always have obvious symptoms such as chest pain, shortness of breath and cold sweats. It can happen without a person even knowing it.
They said if they would just take preventative measures, it could save their lives.
This is especially important for women. According to the American Heart Association, cardiovascular diseases — which include stroke — claim the life of a woman about every 80 seconds.
“Eighty percent of them can be prevented,” Kerr said. “Eighty percent!”
According to health officials, understanding your family health history, knowing your numbers and making simple lifestyle changes are the keys for prevention in both men and women.
“If we can get to someone and say, ‘Go to the doctor, go get checked, get some baseline vital signs, get some bloodwork done,' then we can make a huge difference,” Kerr said.
That's why members of the American Heart Association's Mahoning Valley chapter have made it their mission to prevent cardiovascular disease before it even starts. That means first taking a close look at risk factors.
“Fast food, fast pace, stress, smoking, cholesterol, diabetes, obesity,” Kerr said.
But it's not enough just knowing what causes heart disease.
“Try and control it by watching your portion size, exercise, diet, know your numbers,” Kerr said.
The AHA is also using education as a way to enhance these preventative measures with the passing of House Bill 113, which mandates CPR in schools by this July.
“We want to prevent it,” Kerr said. “It's all about prevention.”
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. — In chilling cellphone videos released Wednesday, the suspect in February's massacre at a Florida high school announcing their intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying “you're all going to die.”
The three videos released by prosecutors were found on the cellphone of suspect Nikolas Cruz after the Feb. 14 shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School that killed 17 people and injured 17 others.
Cruz, wearing a ball cap, introduces themselves in the first video and says they are “going to be the next school shooter of 2018.” They go on to say that they want to use an AR-15 to kill at least 20 people and specifies the high school in Parkland. The videos are undated, but on one they say, “Today is the day. Today it all begins. The day of my massacre shall begin.”
“When you see me on the news, you'll all know who I am,” they say in another and then laughs. “You're all going to die. … Can't wait.”
In a second video, Cruz briefly discusses logistics, including that they will take Uber to campus about 2:40. They then says he'll walk onto campus, go up some stairs, open their bag to take out their weapon and start firing. School surveillance video shows that was almost exactly what they did –the only difference being that they arrived at the school at 2:19 p.m.
In the third video, the camera apparently pointed at pavement, they talk about their loneliness, anger and hatred, and announces that the “day of my massacre shall begin.”
“I live a lone life. I live in seclusion and solitude. I hate everyone and everything. But the power of my AR you will all know who I am. I had enough of being told what to do and when to do,” they say. “I had enough of being told what to do and when to do. I had enough of being told that I'm an idiot and a dumbass. You're all stupid and brainwashed by the political and government programs.”
They also referenced a former girlfriend, saying “I hope to see you in the afterlife.”
Cruz, 19, is charged with 17 counts of murder and 17 counts of attempted murder in the attack. Their lawyers have repeatedly said Cruz would plead guilty if guaranteed a sentence of life without parole, but prosecutors refuse to waive the death penalty. Cruz is a former Stoneman Douglas student.
The Broward State Attorney's Office released the video because under Florida law, with few exceptions, evidence becomes a public record when it is turned over to the defendant's attorneys as part of the pretrial discovery process. Cruz's attorneys say they did not request evidence such as video from inside the building where the massacre happened and autopsy reports so they would not become public and “further hurt and inflame the victims' families and the community.”
“This is an awful case and today is more of that awfulness and further shows how severely broken a human being the defendant is,” Broward County Public Defender Howard Finklestein, whose office is representing Cruz, said in a statement.
Cruz spent several years at a school for children with emotional disabilities before being allowed to transfer into Stoneman Douglas. They spent several months there before being kicked out. Their late mother also called 911 on them almost 20 times over the years and they had a history of killing animals then posting images on the internet and taking body parts as souvenirs.
Reimagining the College Football Playoffs
The 2016 College Football Playoff didn't conclude without its fair share of drama and speculation.
For the upcoming offseason, many fans and pundits have turned their heads to the incredibly young College Football Playoff and its many flaws. The Cougar talked about realigning the conferences to a Power-4 format last year, but after seeing the BIG 12's debacle of an expansion attempt, it's become apparent the industry isn't interested in such a drastic change.
There has been much talk about expanding to an eight-team playoff, but recently there has been a growing opinion in the Group of 5 programs for a separate playoff without the Power 5.
We'll explore both of these possibilities and focus more on the practical than the hypothetical.
Eight-team Playoff
With eight teams in the playoff, we won't have to worry about one of the Power 5 conferences not being represented. Unless the Big 12 actually does implode.
There wouldn't have been a month-long argument over whether Ohio State deserves to be No. 3 or why Penn State won the BIG10 and wasn't allowed into the playoff. The arguments would've been purely over seeding, which isn't nearly as complicated.
The games would've been more entertaining as well.
Instead of being blown out by Clemson, Ohio State would've re-matched Michigan. The Game two times in one year? Their matchup in November already made history, being the first time it went into overtime. So why not make it the first time either team played each other twice in one month? If there's anything that bumps ratings, this is it.
Instead of a lopsided Washington defeat, they would've faced off against Penn State. Penn State had the highest-scoring Rose Bowl ever against USC in a 52-49 loss, and Washington had one of the most prolific offenses under sophomore quarterback Jake Browning. Combine the two and you have an entertaining shoot-out on your hands.
The other two games would've probably ended poorly, however. Alabama would've dominated Wisconsin, and Clemson would've sent Bob Stoops and Baker Mayfield back to Oklahoma crying.
But having two good games and two blowouts is much better than having just two blowouts.
However, where would this leave the Group of 5 programs?
In the three seasons under the new playoff system, no Group of 5 school has made it into the top eight. The closest any team has gotten was Western Michigan this last season. They went undefeated and ended up only at No. 15 with six 3-loss teams and one 4-loss team ahead of them.
The only Group of 5 school that has ever had a chance was Houston last season, and that was a product of luck and the possibility of two stellar seasons in a row. In 2015, Houston ended its season with an upset win over Florida State in the Peach Bowl and finished at No. 8 in the AP poll.
For the 2016 season, Houston's strength of schedule was powered by playing both Oklahoma and Louisville. It was convenient that Heisman winner Lamar Jackson turned Louisville into an offensive power house while Oklahoma was in early contention for the national crown. Houston could've snuck into an eight-team playoff had they had only lost to Navy and not to SMU and Memphis.
Houston would've needed two consecutive 1-loss seasons to even be considered for a playoff spot in the top eight. But that is a near-impossible standard to meet.
The issue is obviously a discrepancy in the strength of schedules between the Power 5 and the Group of 5 programs. The solution is definitely not giving a more lenient ranking to Group of 5 schools because if you lose to 2-4 SMU, you don't deserve to be ranked.
The Group of 5 simply doesn't have a realistic road to even an eight-team playoff.
Group of 5 Playoffs
The biggest argument against a Group of 5 championship is programs don't want to play second fiddle to the Power 5. But isn't that what's already happening?
Power 5 schools get the best recruits, the best TV deals, bigger stadiums and more national recognition. A non-Power 5 school hasn't won a championship ring since BYU in 1984. It's no question that Power 5 schools outclass the majority of Group of 5 schools.
It's just a matter of admitting that Power 5 programs are superior.
Instead of playing against Power 5 teams at their worst, the best of the Group of 5 could play each other. But since there's no ranking for just Group of 5 schools, it's hard to guess which teams would've been included last season, so the above graphic is completely fictional.
Watching the best of the Group of 5 dukes it out would be far more entertaining than trying to convince the world they can run with the big boys.
A Group of 5 Playoffs would also help a program's argument for being included in a Power 5 conference that decides to expand. If a team consistently shows that it's the best in the Group of 5, it can bring that consistency to the next level.
It may just be a competition for the junior varsity crown, but the alternative of having one Group of 5 team in a New Year's Six bowl isn't much more appealing. Group of 5 teams are simply incapable of going to the national championship, even in an eight-team playoff.
[email protected]
Abductors of Ondo monarch reduce ransom to N3m
By Dayo Johnson
Akure—THE kidnappers of the Oniyani of Iyani in Akoko area of Ondo State, Oba Joel Sunday Daodu, have reduced the ransom they demanded for the monarch's freedom from N15 million to N3 million.
They reportedly turned down the request of the Oba's family to pay between N500,000 and N1m. But the family source refused to respond when asked where the kidnappers wanted them to drop the ransom.
Oba Daodu was abducted on Saturday along Ose Oba Akoko axis of Ikare-Owo Road, almost the same spot where the Regent of Akungba Akoko, Princess Oluwatoyin Omosowon, was kidnapped about two years ago.
They were rescued by a combined team of Department of State Services, DSS, operatives and police officers, after two weeks in captivity.
A source in Oba Daodu's family told Vanguard that the leader of the abductors put a call across to them, requesting that the N3m ransom be paid today unfailingly by 9a.m.
They, however, did not say what would befall the First Class Oba if the family is unable to raise the amount.
However, sources said that the assistance of wealthy sons and daughters of the community has been sought by its council of chiefs.
Also, an unconfirmed source said that elders of the town have requested for the assistance of Governor Rotimi Akeredolu, who in turn had pleaded with the security agencies in the state to ensure that the Oba is released unhurt.
The kidnappers had, after picking the Oba, requested for N15 million ransom.
The state police's image-maker, Femi Joseph, said that the command was on top of the situation. Joseph said men of the command were monitoring the abductors, giving the assurance that the monarch would be freed unhurt.
They refused to comment on payment of ransom, saying the police was not aware of such arrangement.
The post Abductors of Ondo monarch reduce ransom to N3m appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
SANTIAGO, Chile — Authorities say three children were killed and at least 20 other people were injured when a bus carrying a Chilean youth soccer team crashed with another bus in Argentina.
The early Friday crash happened in a road in the Andes cordillera near the city of Mendoza.
Officials said the crash is being investigated.
The Colo Colo Lo Boza soccer school, based in the Chilean capital, was travelling to a youth tournament in Paraguay. The school is certified by Chile's first-division club Colo Colo.
Chile's soccer federation said it “deeply regrets the death of the three young Chilean athletes involved in the tragic accident.”
NEW YORK — The Knicks have won two straight games for the first time in almost two months, and they're not apologizing for the calibre of their competition.
Tim Hardaway Jr. scored 22 points and Michael Beasley added 17 as New York beat the depleted Chicago Bulls 110-92 on Monday night.
“We don't care who they put out there,” Beasley said. “They could put a bunch of toddlers out there. Once the game starts, the game starts.”
Enes Kanter had 10 points and 13 rebounds, while Troy Williams added 11 for the Knicks.
Cristiano Felicio scored a career-high 17 points for the Bulls, who were missing their top three scorers and went 3-for-30 from 3-point range. Bobby Portis and Antonio Blakeney scored 16 points apiece.
The Knicks used an 11-0 run to end the second quarter and take a 47-37 halftime lead.
Felicio scored Chicago's first 11 points of the second half and the Bulls pulled within four, 56-52, on Denzel Valentine's layup with 7:45 left.
That was close as they would get, as the Knicks followed with a 21-5 stretch and opened up a 77-57 lead on the second of Hardaway's consecutive 3-pointers with 2:35 left in the quarter.
“We are out there competing,” Valentine said. “Everybody competes and gives it there all with their minutes, but if the ball don't go in the basket, you lose. We got 12 more games left and we have to make the most of them.”
New York led 83-67 at the end of the third, and the Bulls got within 10 points midway through the fourth. The Knicks responded with an 11-2 run that put away a win that doesn't mean much for a team bound for the draft lottery.
“I don't think it's for real, like ‘We're going to tank,”‘ said Kyle O'Quinn, who had of the Knicks' season-high 61 rebounds. “But, I think it's encouraged. You know, why not? But, I don't think you can get five guys out on the court and tell them to lose as professionals.”
TIP-INS
Bulls: Coach Fred Hoiberg said Kris Dunn was being put in a walking boot after they suffered a right toe sprain against Memphis on Thursday. Dunn also missed Chicago's game against Cleveland on Saturday. … The Bulls had beaten the Knicks in the teams' previous three meetings this season.
Knicks: Courtney Lee returned after missing Saturday's game for personal reasons. Lance Thomas missed their second straight game for personal reasons. … The Knicks ended their five-game homestand at 2-3.
MISSING THE POINT
Chicago's Zach LaVine (16.7 points per game), Lauri Markkanen (14.9) and Dunn (13.4) were out with injuries, while Robin Lopez (12) was dressed but did not play. Nikola Mirotic, who had been leading the Bulls in scoring (16.8), was traded to New Orleans on February 1.
“It doesn't change the game plan at all,” Jeff Hornacek said. “We are still trying to do what we are supposed to do offensively and defensively. The scouting report changes a little bit in terms of what you do with Markkanen or what you do with Dunn. So that part changes. Other than that, we are trying. It is not like we have all our guys either.”
Honouring A HERO
During a timeout, the Knicks honoured former Army Staff Sgt. Alfredo De Los Santos and presented them with a $10,000 scholarship for their daughter, Josely. De Los Santos lost their right leg when they were wounded in Afghanistan in 2008.  They are now a professional hand cyclist who had a 4th-place finish at the 2016 Paralympics.
ALTERNATE UNIVERSE
The Bulls lost to the Cavaliers on Saturday and dropped consecutive games for the first time since Feb. 26-27. The Knicks, who beat the Hornets on Saturday, won consecutive games for the first time since Jan. 26-30.
LONELY VALENTINE
Denzel Valentine is the only player on either team who has played in every game this season. They have started 34 of the Bulls' 70 games.
UP NEXT
Bulls: Host Denver on Wednesday.
Knicks: Visit Miami on Wednesday.
——
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
MOSCOW — The Latest on the reported slaying in Ukraine of a Russian journalist: (all times local):
6:00 p.m.
The head of the Ukrainian Security Service says investigators have identified a Ukrainian citizen who allegedly was paid $40,000 by the Russian security service to organize and carry out the killing of an exiled Russian journalist.
Vasyl Gritsak announced at a news conference Wednesday that the security agency and police had solved Arkady Babchenko's slaying, which turned out to have been faked.
To the applause and gasps of the press, Babchenko took the floor at the news conference and apologized to the friends and family who mourned for them and were unaware of the plan.
Kyiv and national police had said Babchenko, a strong critic of the Kremlin, was shot multiple times in the back at their apartment building on Tuesday and found there bleeding by their wife.
Before ushering Babchenko into the room, Gritsak said the Ukrainian allegedly recruited by Russian agents to kill the reporter had hired an acquaintance to be the gunman.
——
5:25 p.m.
Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko, who had been reported shot and killed in the Ukrainian capital Tuesday, has shown up at a news conference very much alive.
Vasily Gritsak, head of the Ukrainian Security Service, told a news conference on Wednesday the agency faked Babchenko's death to catch those who were trying to kill him.
Kyiv and national police had said Babchenko, a strong critic of the Kremlin, was shot multiple times in the back at their apartment building and found bleeding by their wife.
They showed up at Gritsak's new conference on Wednesday and thanked everyone who was mourning their death.
Babchenko, 41, one of Russia's best-known war reporters, spoke and wrote about leaving the country because of repeated threats that they and their family would be harmed.
——
2:35 p.m.
A top lawmaker says Russia is willing to help Ukraine investigate the murder of a Russian journalist.
Arkady Babchenko, who was scathingly critical of the Kremlin, was gunned down in the Ukrainian capital, Kyiv, on Tuesday.
Babchenko fled Russia last year, fearing for their life, and settled in Ukraine. They had served in the Russian army during the two wars in Chechnya in the 1990s and became one of Russia's best-known war reporters.
Vyacheslav Volodin, speaker of the State Duma, told Russian news agencies Wednesday that Russia would be happy to help with the investigation if Ukrainian authorities requested it.
Ukrainian authorities have said they think Babchenko was killed because of their work. Several Ukrainian politicians blamed the Kremlin for the killing. Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov dismissed those comments as cynical.
Rolls-Royce is accelerating the process of inspections and the development of a permanent fix for the issues impacting its Trent 1000 Package C engine powering the Boeing 787.
The issues, which have caused wide disruption to several 787 operators and forced the storage of aircraft in an engineless state, have prompted Rolls-Royce to increase maintenance capacity to deal with a new inspection regime, announced in April, and develop a more permanent fix for the problem that the company hopes to begin testing in June.
The company is hoping the fix will solve cracks found in the blades of the intermediate pressure (IP) compressor rotor.
A revised compressor blade has been installed in a test engine. If successful, the company hopes to have the first parts available for engine overhauls by the end of the year, rather than in 2019 when the company originally planned.
The issues have prompted a number of regulators to reduce extended-range, twin-engine operations standards (ETOPS) clearances for some of the 787s powered by Rolls-Royce engines. Some airlines have been forced to readjust schedules or bring in extra aircraft to deal with the capacity shortfalls.
Some 380 Package C engines are in-service with airlines, Rolls-Royce said in April.
“We fully recognize the unacceptable levels of disruption our customers are facing,” Rolls-Royce civil aerospace president Chris Cholerton said. “We are intensely focused on minimizing this and we have set our teams the challenge of doing everything we can to recover our customers' operations as swiftly as possible.”
The company has increased inspection capacity by opening what it calls additional MRO lines with inspections being performed at London Heathrow Airport and the company's site in Derby, England, as well as in Singapore. The company is planning to increase this capacity further still.
Rolls-Royce has not provided details on the new blade, but said its development has been accelerated using new simulations processes and what is calls a “fast make” competencies in its supply chain. The company has also developed on-wing inspection techniques.
Tony Osborne/Aviation Week tony.osborne@aviationweek.com
Sunderland striker Josh Maja is seeing a specialist tonight to determine the extent of their knee injury.
The 18-year-old forward enjoyed a successful pre-season campaign with four goals but hasn't featured since the Bradford City win after picking up a knee injury.
As things stand Maja has not needed an operation and it isn't thought to be serious but it has already led to them missing the first three games of the campaign.
Simon Grayson and the medical department are keen to get a second opinion and the teenager will see a specialist on Monday night.
Grayson said: “Josh is seeing a specialist tonight to clear up one or two things with their knee.
“Hopefully it isn't negative news, it is just something that hasn't healed like we thought it would from when they first sustained it.
“He is just going for a check-up at teatime to get an understanding of what potentially could be wrong or not wrong.”
It is understood Maja won't be involved against Sheffield Wednesday but there is brighter news elsewhere with Bryan Oviedo and Jack Rodwell training again today. The pair featured in the Under-23 game against Tottenham Hotspur on Friday as they continue their return from injury.
“All of the players came through the game on Sunday so we have the same squad to pick from,” said Grayson. “Bryan Oviedo and Jack Rodwell have also trained again today. We are in a good shape at the moment.”
Police handling Gold scam case professionally – Ambrose Dery
Citifmonline
The Interior Minister, Ambrose Dery, has rubbished claims that the police hierarchy has been complicit a gold scam that hit the service. A US licensed gold buying firm at a press conference had accused the police of being corrupt and undermining …
and more »
Wisconsin Democrat expresses concerns about Donald Trump nominee for secretary of state
Source: GreenBayPressGazette.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
But that job is suddenly looking iffy as A.I. gets better at reading scans. A start-up called Arterys, to cite just one example, already has a program that can perform a magnetic-resonance imaging analysis of blood flow through a heart in just 15 seconds, compared with the 45 minutes required by humans.
Maybe they want to be a surgeon, but that job may not be safe, either. Robots already assist surgeons in removing damaged organs and cancerous tissue, according to Scientific American. Last year, a prototype robotic surgeon called STAR (Smart Tissue Autonomous Robot) outperformed human surgeons in a test in which both had to repair the severed intestine of a live pig.
Photo
So perhaps your daughter detours to law school to become a rainmaking corporate lawyer. Skies are cloudy in that profession, too. Any legal job that involves lots of mundane document review (and that's a lot of what lawyers do) is vulnerable.
Software programs are already being used by companies including JPMorgan Chase & Company to scan legal papers and predict what documents are relevant, saving lots of billable hours. Kira Systems, for example, has reportedly cut the time that some lawyers need to review contracts by 20 to 60 percent.
As a matter of professional survival, I would like to assure my children that journalism is immune, but that is clearly a delusion. The Associated Press already has used a software program from a company called Automated Insights to churn out passable copy covering Wall Street earnings and some college sports, and last year awarded the bots the minor league baseball beat.
What about other glamour jobs, like airline pilot? Well, last spring, a robotic co-pilot developed by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, known as Darpa, flew and landed a simulated 737. I hardly count that as surprising, given that pilots of commercial Boeing 777s, according to one 2015 survey, only spend seven minutes during an average flight actually flying the thing. As we move into the era of driverless cars, can pilotless planes be far behind?
Then there is Wall Street, where robots are already doing their best to shove Gordon Gekko out of their corner office. Big banks are using software programs that can suggest bets, construct hedges and act as robo-economists, using natural language processing to parse central bank commentary to predict monetary policy, according to Bloomberg. BlackRock, the biggest fund company in the world, made waves earlier this year when it announced it was replacing some highly paid human stock pickers with computer algorithms.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
So am I paranoid? Or not paranoid enough? A much-quoted 2013 study by the University of Oxford Department of Engineering Science — surely the most sober of institutions — estimated that 47 percent of current jobs, including insurance underwriter, sports referee and loan officer, are at risk of falling victim to automation, perhaps within a decade or two.
Just this week, the McKinsey Global Institute released a report that found that a third of American workers may have to switch jobs in the next dozen or so years because of A.I.
I know I am not the only parent wondering if I can robot-proof my children's careers. I figured I would start by asking my own what they want to do when they grow up.
Photo
Toby, a people pleaser and born entertainer, is obsessed with cars and movies. They told me they wanted to be either an Uber driver or an actor. (He is too young to understand that those jobs are usually one and the same).
As for Uber drivers, it is no secret that they are headed to that great parking garage in the sky; the company recently announced plans to buy 24,000 Volvo sport utility vehicles to roll out as a driverless fleet between 2019 and 2021.
And actors? It may seem unthinkable that some future computer-generated thespian could achieve the nuance of expression and emotional depth of, say, Dwayne Johnson. But Hollywood is already Silicon Valley South. Consider how filmmakers used computer graphics to reanimate Carrie Fisher's Princess Leia and Peter Cushing's Grand Moff Tarkin as they appeared in the 1970s (never mind that the Mr. Cushing died in 1994) for “Rogue One: A Star Wars Story.”
My younger son Anton, a sweetheart, but tough as Kevlar, said they wanted to be a football player. Robot football may sound crazy, but come to think of it, a Monday night battle between the Dallas Cowdroids and Seattle Seabots may be the only solution to the sport's endless concussion problems.
They also said they wanted to be a soldier. If they mean foot soldier, however, they might want to hold off on enlistment. Russia recently unveiled Fedor, a humanoid robot soldier that looks like RoboCop after a Whole30 crash diet; this space-combat-ready android can fire handguns, drive vehicles, administer first aid and, one hopes, salute. Indeed, the world's armies are in such an arms race developing grunt-bots that one British intelligence expert predicted that American forces will have more robot soldiers than humans by 2025.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
And again, all of this stuff is happening now, not 25 years from now. Who knows what the jobs marketplace might look like by then. We might not even be the smartest beings on the planet.
Ever heard of the “singularity”? That is the term that futurists use to describe a potentially cataclysmic point at which machine intelligence catches up to human intelligence, and likely blows right past it. They may rule us. They may kill us. No wonder Mr. Musk says that A.I. “is potentially more dangerous than nukes.”
But is it really that dire? Fears of technology are as old as the Luddites, those machine-smashing British textile workers of the early 19th century. Usually, the fears turn out to be overblown.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Of the Moment The lifestyle newsletter from the Styles, Travel and Food sections, offering the latest trends to news you can use. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The rise of the automobile, to cite the obvious example, did indeed put most manure shovelers out of work. But it created millions of jobs to replace them, not just for Detroit assembly line workers, but for suburban homebuilders, Big Mac flippers and actors performing “Greased Lightnin'” in touring revivals of “Grease.” That is the process of creative destruction in a nutshell.
But artificial intelligence is different, said Martin Ford, the author of “Rise of the Robots: Technology and the Threat of a Jobless Future.” Machine learning does not just give us new machines to replace old machines, pushing human workers from one industry to another. Rather, it gives us new machines to replace us, machines that can follow us to virtually any new industry we flee to.
Since Mr. Ford's book sent me down this rabbit hole in the first place, I reached out to them to see if they were concerned about all this for their own children: Tristan, 22, Colin, 17, and Elaine, 10.
They said the most vulnerable jobs in the robot economy are those involving predictable, repetitive tasks, however much training they require. “A lot of knowledge-based jobs are really routine — sitting in front of a computer and cranking out the same application over and over, whether it is a report or some kind of quantitative analysis,” they said.
Professions that rely on creative thinking enjoy some protection (Mr. Ford's older son is a graduate student studying biomedical engineering). So do jobs emphasizing empathy and interpersonal communication (his younger son wants to be a psychologist).
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Even so, the ability to think creatively may not provide ultimate salvation. Mr. Ford said they were alarmed in May when Google's AlphaGo software defeated a 19-year-old Chinese master at Go, considered the world's most complicated board game.
“If you talk to the best Go players, even they can't explain what they're doing,” Mr. Ford said. “They'll describe it as a ‘feeling.' It's moving into the realm of intuition. And yet a computer was able to prove that it can beat anyone in the world.”
Looking for a silver lining, I spent an afternoon Googling TED Talks with catchy titles like “Are Droids Taking Our Jobs?”
Photo
In one, Albert Wenger, an influential tech investor, promoted the Basic Income Guarantee concept. Also known as Universal Basic Income, this sunny concept holds that a robot-driven economy may someday produce an unlimited bounty of cool stuff while simultaneously releasing us from the drudgery of old-fashioned labor, leaving our government-funded children to enjoy bountiful lives of leisure as interpretive dancers or practitioners of bee-sting therapy, as touted by Gwyneth Paltrow.
The idea is all the rage among Silicon Valley elites, who not only understand technology's power, but who also love to believe that it will be used for good. In their vision of a post-A.I. world without traditional jobs, everyone will receive a minimum weekly or monthly stipend (welfare for all, basically).
Another talk by David Autor, an economist, argued that reports of the death of work are greatly exaggerated. Almost 50 years after the introduction of the A.T.M., for instance, more humans actually work as bank tellers than ever. The computers simply freed the humans from mind-numbing work like counting out 20-dollar bills to focus on more cognitively demanding tasks like “forging relationships with customers, solving problems and introducing them to new products like credit cards, loans and investments,” they said.
Computers, after all, are really good at some things and, for the moment, terrible at others. Even Anton intuits this. The other day I asked them if they thought robots were smarter or dumber than humans. “Sdumber,” they said after a long pause. Confused, I pushed him. “Smarter and dumber,” they explained with a cheeky smile.
They were joking. But they also happened to be right, according to Andrew McAfee, a management theorist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology whom I interviewed a short while later.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Discussing another of Anton's career aspirations — songwriter — Dr. McAfee said that computers were already smart enough to come up with a better melody than a lot of humans. “The things our ears find pleasant, we know the rules for that stuff,” they said. “However, I'm going to be really surprised when there is a digital lyricist out there, somebody who can put words to that music that will actually resonate with people and make them think something about the human condition.”
Not everyone, of course, is cut out to be a cyborg-Springsteen. I asked Dr. McAfee what other jobs may exist a decade from now.
“I think health coaches are going to be a big industry of the future,” they said. “Restaurants that have a very good hospitality staff are not about to go away, even though we have more options to order via tablet.
“People who are interested in working with their hands, they're going to be fine,” they said. “The robot plumber is a long, long way away.”
A Merrill native is recovering after being shot during the Las Vegas shooting massacre.
Source: WAOW.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
The following update on local real estate information is based on Multiple Listing Service data as of Sept. 27.
Brea
Properties available: 62
Condominiums: 5
Houses: 57
Average condo price: $667,976
Average house price: $1,062,597
Average time on the market: 32 days for condos; 69 days for houses
Available properties by price range:
$400,000-$699,999: 11
$700,000-$999,999: 33
$1 million-$1,999,999: 13
$2 million or more: 5
Properties available by Zip Code:
92821: 40
92823: 22
Escrows opened last week: 8
Least expensive houses: One of the least expensive homes going into escrow features 4 bedrooms, 3 baths with 2,246 square feet on a 8,568-square-foot lot with a 2-car detached garage. This home is listed for $539,000. The actual sale price is not disclosed by the MLS until after the property closes escrow.
Most expensive properties: One of the most expensive homes going into escrow features 4 bedrooms, 3.5 baths with 3,828 square feet on an 11,901-square-foot lot with a 3-car attached garage. This home is listed for $1,248,800. The actual sale price is not disclosed by the MLS until after the property closes escrow.
Closed escrows: 11 with an average sale price of $715,585 and an average time on the market of 26 days.
La Habra
Properties available: 80
Condominiums: 18
Houses: 62
Average condo price: $376,358
Average house price: $758,196
Average time on the market: 41 days for condos; 47 days for houses
Available properties by price range:
Under $399,999: 12
$400,000-$699,999: 42
$700,000-$999,999: 20
$1 million or more: 6
Escrows opened last week: 8
Least expensive houses: One of the least expensive homes going into escrow features 2 bedrooms, 1 baths with 625 square feet on a 6,348-square-foot lot. This home is listed for $410,000. The actual sale price is not disclosed by the MLS until after the property closes escrow.
Least expensive condos: One of the least expensive condos going into escrow features 2 bedrooms, 1.5 bath with 935 square feet. This condo is listed for $325,000. The actual sale price is not disclosed by the MLS until after the property closes escrow.
Most expensive properties: One of the most expensive homes going into escrow features 3 bedrooms, 2 baths with 2,144 square feet on a 15,200-square-foot lot. This home is listed for $643,200. The actual sale price is not disclosed by the MLS until after the property closes escrow.
Closed escrows: 5 with an average sale price of $ 411,100 and an average time on the market of 32 days.
Dennis Bode is 3 Realtor with Coldwell Banker Residential Brokerage. You may contact them by phone or text at 714-814-1041 or e-mail Dennis@DennisBode.com.
The Register's Orange County baseball top 25 for Monday, March 20.
O.C. TOP 25
(Records through Sunday)
1. El Toro (7-1-1 overall record)
Chargers still No. 1 after one-run loss to Mission Viejo, tie with Bishop Amat, thanks to winning the Loara Tournament the previous week.
2. Huntington Beach (9-2)
Oilers swept JSerra in a nonleague doubleheader, beat Newport Harbor in Sunset League opener, have won nine in a row.
3. Mission Viejo (6-3)
Diablos defeated top-ranked El Toro in a South Coast League game, lost to Aliso Niguel in league game.
4. San Clemente (6-1)
Tritons did not play last week; lost to El Toro in Loara Tournament championship game the previous week.
5. Orange Lutheran (3-2)
After a rough start, Lancers swept doubleheader against Cypress.
6. Servite (8-1)
Friars swept J.W. North of Riverside in doubleheader 9-1, 7-1.
7. Aliso Niguel (6-2)
Wolverines got a crucial win over Mission Viejo in South Coast League game.
8. Beckman (5-2-1)
Patriots beat Corona del Mar, perhaps their top competition in what looks like a rugged Pacific Coast League.
9. El Dorado (4-4-1)
Golden Hawks beat a pair of good ones, Santa Margarita and Villa Park, in nonleague games, lost to Canyon.
10. Cypress (4-4-1)
Those losses to Orange Lutheran in doubleheader were both one-run games.
11. Mater Dei (1-2)
12. Foothill (5-2)
13. Capistrano Valley (5-2)
14. Tesoro (4-4)
15. JSerra (4-4)
16. Pacifica (6-4)
17. Canyon (5-3)
18. Dana Hills (6-4)
19. Trabuco Hills (7-3)
20. Fountain Valley (6-3)
21. Edison (6-6)
22. Northwood (8-0)
23. El Modena (6-3)
24. Esperanza (4-2)
25. Corona del Mar (2-4)
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – Crickets Bar and Grill will hold its final Queen of Hearts drawing Monday night.
The jackpot was $230,000 after the last drawing two weeks ago.
Crickets said it will draw all the remaining cards tonight, until there's a winner.
Tickets are $5 each. They went on sale at 11 a.m. at the bar, which is on Midlothian Boulevard.
The drawing starts at 7:30 p.m. You must be there to win the full jackpot.
Crickets is offering a shuttle service from three locations, since a huge turnout is expected.
Starting at 3 p.m., you can get a ride from Utopia on Midlothian Boulevard, Giannios Candy Company on Youngstown-Poland Road and The Embassy on Youngstown-Poland Road.
The shuttles run until 10 p.m. Monday night.
GUATEMALA CITY — Authorities in Guatemala have raised by more than 130 the number of people officially missing from last month's deadly eruption of the Volcano of Fire.
The country's disaster agency says in a statement that the new figure is 332, up from 197 previously.
It said Wednesday that the revision followed a review of nearly 200,000 records and verifying lists of people living in shelters.
The Volcano of Fire is one of the region's most active, located to the southwest of Guatemala City.
Authorities have confirmed at least 113 deaths from the June 3 eruption, which sent superheated flows raging through small villages. Eighty-five of those bodies have been identified.
You might want to mass delete email from Gmail for many reasons: To remove non-work-related messages from an account, to achieve "inbox zero" as part of a personal productivity effort, or—more mundanely—to reduce the storage space used by attachments. Some people pursue #NoEmail—and start to treat email as an ephemeral communication channel instead of a permanent archive.
Before you start to mass delete items from Gmail, I recommend that you export your current email data. To do this, use Google Takeout at https://takeout.google.com. Choose the "Select None" button, then scroll down the page to Mail. Move the slider to the right of Mail to "on." (You may export just some of your email: Select the down arrow to the left of the slider, then choose one—or more—Gmail labels to select items tagged with those labels to export.)
Select Next at the bottom of the page, then choose the format, file sizes, and storage action for your export. Wait to start your deletions until you've either downloaded or verified that your exported email has been stored. (Note: If you use G Suite, an administrator has the ability to disable access to Takeout. If that's the case, talk with your administrator about backup before you begin.)
After you backup, cycle through the following four steps to move sets of email to the Gmail trash.
1. Search
I've found that typing search terms into the Gmail search box in the desktop Chrome browser to be the most efficient way to find and select sets of emails. And while Google gives you a long list of search operators, I suggest you start with the following:
Email address . Enter to: or from: followed by an email address to find all of the email sent to or received from an address.
. Enter to: or from: followed by an email address to find all of the email sent to or received from an address. Subject . Enter subject: followed by a word (or a phrase in quotes) to find all email that contains the word or phrase specified.
. Enter subject: followed by a word (or a phrase in quotes) to find all email that contains the word or phrase specified. Date . While there are several time-search options, try before: or older_than: first. The first locates items prior to a specified data, while the latter locates item older than a certain number of days, months, or years (e.g., 3d, 1m, or 7y for 3 days, 1 month, or 7 years, respectively) from the current date.
. While there are several time-search options, try before: or older_than: first. The first locates items prior to a specified data, while the latter locates item older than a certain number of days, months, or years (e.g., 3d, 1m, or 7y for 3 days, 1 month, or 7 years, respectively) from the current date. Size. Locates email larger than a specific size. For example, larger:20M finds items larger than 20Mb.
Often a simple search may be all you need to locate a set of email you no longer need. For example, you might not need to keep receipts from some vendors (email address), accepted calendar invitations (subject), email older than 3 years (date), or large files (size) stored elsewhere.
2. Review and refine
Review the search results to see if you wish to keep email found with a simple search. If no, move on to step no. 3.
If you see emails that you wish to keep among the results, you'll need to refine your search. You can combine multiple search terms. For example, search for both an email address and a date:
from:andy@pa311.com older_than:1y
This would find items older than one year from the current day. Or, add a subject as well, to narrow the results further:
from:andy@pa311.com older_than:1y subject:"Weekly meeting"
You may use the - character to exclude a search term (or terms). For example:
to:andy@pa311.com older_than:1y -subject:"Quarterly review"
This would find items older than a year sent to a specific email address, but would exclude any emails with the subject "Quarterly review."
If more than one screen of results is indicated, select the arrow in the upper right area to review additional screens of email search results.
Refine and review the results until you're confident that all the email found by your search is email you wish to delete.
3. Select / Select All
Select the box at the top of the column above your email search results to select all of the email displayed.
If your search returns more email than is displayed on the current screen, you'll see a message above the list of email that gives you the option to "Select all conversations that match this search." Click the words to select all conversations that match your search terms.
4. Move to Trash
Select the trashcan icon to delete the selected email.
Repeat for various terms
Repeat your search to find, select, and delete as many sets of email as you wish. When I help people get control of their email we often search for things such as:
Old promotional emails, newsletters, and updates
Email no longer needed from specific clients, vendors, or colleagues
System status notices (e.g., update notifications and system down/up notifications)
Outdated social media or account sign-in notifications
Email related to prior jobs (including paid and volunteer roles)
Tip: Use a label to exclude a set from a search
Often, I find it helpful to label a set of email so that I can always exclude that set of email when I work through the email deletion process. For example, you might want to keep all email from a specific person (or several people).
To do this, first create a Gmail label, such as "Never delete." Then, search for a colleague's email address. Select all email with that person, then select the label icon, choose the label you created (e.g., "Never delete"), then select "Apply" at the bottom of the column. Repeat this process for as many criteria as you wish
Then, when you do searches, always exclude labels that match the selected set. For example:
older_than:1y -label:"Never delete"
This would return all emails older than a year, while excluding all emails labeled "Never delete."
Optional: Delete Trash
At this point, you're done. Gmail will remove items left in the trash after 30 days. If you really want things deleted now, you can always navigate to the trash, select all items (and select all items in the trash), then choose "Delete forever."
× e-gmail-auto-delete-vault-search.jpg
G Suite controls
A G Suite administrator has at least two significant options available to manage mail, as well. First, an administrator can set a Gmail auto-delete policy (from admin.google.com, sign-in, then Apps > G Suite > Gmail > Advanced settings > Compliance: Email and chat auto-deletion) for messages to either be moved to trash or deleted after a specified number of days.
The administrator also may specify that emails with a specific label (or labels) will not be auto-deleted. Second, a G Suite administrator can configure Google Vault, which gives the organization a sophisticated set of controls to preserve, search, and export email communications for legal and/or compliance purposes. (Vault is included with Business and Enterprise edition licenses.)
Your thoughts?
Do you maintain a pristine, close-to-zero Gmail inbox? Or do you archive everything forever? How often do you delete sets of messages from Gmail? Let me know in the comments — or on Twitter (@awolber).
Subscribe now to our Google Weekly newsletter to stay informed of useful Google News and tips! Subscribe
Also see
HEMPSTEAD, N.Y. (AP) -- Grant Riller scored 24 points, Jarrell Brantley poured in 23 more, including the winning layup, and Charleston edged Hofstra 86-85 on Saturday night to take sole possession of first place in the Colonial Athletic Association.
Trailing by a point after Hofstra's Justin Wright-Foreman sank a 3-pointer with 18 seconds left, Charleston (18-6, 9-3) took the ball down the right side of the court and got it inside to Brantley, who dribbled twice to their right before breaking left to drop in the winning bucket with three seconds remaining.
Joe Chealey added 19 points and Nick Harris had 10 for Charleston, which shot 57 percent and got 18 assists on its 30 baskets to pick up its sixth straight win.
Wright-Foreman finished with 24 points to lead Hofstra (14-10, 7-5), Eli Pemberton added 20, Jalen Ray got 11 and Kenny Wormley 10.
First-hand wartime testimonies and poetic fragments from Syrians, collected by Wendy Pearlman. Donate to order this gift now!
"A beacon of hope in the darkest of times." -- Sarah Jaffe. Donate to order this gift now!
A student who dropped out of Seneca College because of a five-week strike decided to get a fresh start at university—only to wind stuck in the middle of York's protracted labour dispute. “As you can imagine, I was pretty pissed,” Hassan Fakih says.
Fakih was studying fitness and health promotion at Seneca last fall when an Ontario-wide strike put 12,000 professors and other staff on the picket line. During the college strike, Hassan found themselves waiting at home for news, feeling ill-informed by their school. Frustrated, they withdrew from Seneca when the faculty was legislated back to work in November 2017.
“I dropped out first day [back] because I didn't want to deal with it,” Fakih said. “I didn't really want to study a month and a half to two months worth of science in three weeks. I didn't want to take the risk of failing.”
Roughly 27,500 of the province's 500,000 college students opted to not return to school and instead received a tuition refund. Shortly after dropping out of Seneca, Fakih applied online to York University and transferred into the business program.
MORE: York University on Strike: Why it keeps happening again and again
But faculty at the university went on strike March 5, affecting 51,000 students. That strike—the second at York within three years—on May 30 became the longest at an English-language university (The university also holds the previous record, set with an 85 day strike in 2009). Ontario's Liberal government attempted to introduce back-to-work legislation in early May but it died with the start of the provincial election. “To be honest. Its pretty BS going from a strike to another strike,” Fakih said. “I didn't think it was going to last too long, but here we are.”
Starting April 30, York began offering a Tuition Credit Opportunity, available to students who have dropped the course.
The “TCO” can be used towards any future courses, but provides no benefit for students transferring out—or graduating. Students can also apply for up to $1,500 if they have endured financial hardship.
The Canadian Union of Public Employees local 3903, which represents contract faculty, teaching assistants, graduate assistants and more, wants higher wages for its members and more job security, among other things.
Jonathan Pereira is a journalism student at Centennial College.
MORE ABOUT YORK UNIVERSITY STRIKE 2018:
Yesterday the prime minister announced that $1.1mil will be allocated to Royal New Zealand Returned and Services Association (RSA) AND No Duff Charitable Trust in grant payments over the next four years.
The funding will see $250,000 go to the RSA and $25,000 to No Duff every year to help fund their support services for veterans.
Ardern says the money will be used primarily to support veterans who suffer from post-traumatic stress.
“We're seeing cases of Post-Traumatic Stress (PTS) injury, and many of our younger men and women are returning from operational service in need of help. The RSA has worked hard to modernise it's services to meet the emerging need. They are a great example of an organisation which has evolved and they are wonderful advocates for veterans”.
The No Duff funding had been scrapped by the previous government. However, Ardern says this announcement ensures guaranteed funding to both agencies for the next four years.
LONDON — The Latest from Wimbledon (all times local):
11:45 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 3 at Wimbledon, with former finalist Milos Raonic of Canada among the early starters as the second round begins at the England Club.
The 13th-seeded Raonic was playing John Millman of Australia as they bid to reach the third round for a sixth straight year. They lost the 2016 final to Andy Murray and reached the quarterfinals last year.
No. 10 Madison Keys of the United States was the highest-seeded woman in early action, playing Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand.
Roger Federer and Serena Williams were both set to play on Centre Court later.
——
10:45 a.m.
Roger Federer and Serena Williams are both back on Centre Court at Wimbledon on Wednesday as they look to advance to the third round.
Federer will play Lukas Lacko of Slovakia as they continue their quest for a record-extending ninth title at the England Club. Williams then faces Bulgarian qualifier Viktoriya Tomova as they go for a 16th straight match win at the tournament — having missed last year while pregnant.
Australian Open champion Caroline Wozniacki and last year's men's runner-up, Marin Cilic, are also back in action as they try to avoid more upsets at the tournament. Three of the top-10 seeded men lost in the first round, while former champions Maria Sharapova and Petra Kvitova also went out on Tuesday.
The forecast calls for more sunny skies, although there is a 30 per cent chance of rain showers in the afternoon.
——
More AP tennis coverage: https://www.apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
2016/2017 season: Rangers to retain 23 old players, get 12 fresh
Foster Chime, Media Director of Rangers International FC, says the club will be releasing its list of 35 players for the club's 2016/2017 season campaigns after its African tour. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Rangers FC, which is the current Nigerian Professional Football League (NPFL) champions, will start its pre-season African tour ahead of 2016/2017 season on Jan. 6.
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: mynewsgh.com
2017-10-06
Four more regions are expected to get new passport offices
Four more regions are expected to get new passport offices to solve the problem of delay in acquiring passports in the country, Deputy Foreign Affairs and Regional Integration Minister has hinted.
Hon Mohamed Habib Tijani, mentioned Upper West, Upper East, Eastern and Central Regions as the beneficiary regions indicating that government wants to make the acquisition of passports easy.
Speaking on Kumasi Fm, Alhaji Tijani disclosed that, government through the foreign ministry is putting things in place to have these new offices in the various regions to accelerate the processing of documents at the ministry.
“We are expanding passport services to Upper East, Upper West, Eastern and Central region by the close of October”. They emphasized.
Alhaji Tijani observed that, passport acquisition in the country has become tedious and that, there is the need to take such steps in order to cut down the stress prospective applicants go through.
The Deputy Minister said: “government is expected to roll the online passport acquisition system where applicant can sit in the comfort of their homes and apply for passport in the country”.
Currently, online passport is only operational in Accra but they promised that by the close of November when the ministry is able to expand our offices, it will introduce online passport throughout the country.
“By then, applicants will be able to access their passports at most in a week”. They assured.
Arsenal are making a final attempt to keep Mesut Ozil at the club, according to the Daily Mirror.
The World Cup winner is out of contract at the end of the season and, like fellow star player Alexis Sanchez, looks set to quit the Gunners next summer.
But Arsene Wenger and the Emirates Stadium hierarchy are reportedly hoping a fresh round a negotiation could lead to a breakthrough in the Germany international's contract standoff.
Ozil already has an offer of £275,000-a-week from the Gunners on the table, but has so far declined to put pen to paper.
With just three weeks left until the 29-year-old can sign a pre-contract agreement with any club outside England, Arsenal will reportedly pull out all the stops with the offer of a mega-deal in a last-ditch attempt to persuade them to stay.
The report claims Manchester United and Barcelona are both interested in signing Ozil on a free transfer at the end of the season.
DENVER, Colo. (WFLA) – A 20-year veteran teacher is on paid administrative leave after they allegedly assaulted a middle school student who refused to stand for the Pledge of Allegiance, the Denver Post reported.
Karen Smith, a physical education teacher at Angevine Middle School, which is about 20 miles north of Denver, was placed on leave Thursday.
In a letter to families obtained by Denver CBS affiliate KCNC-TV, the school's principal, Mike Medina said there was an “incident” involving Ms. Smith, but they could not elaborate.
Dear Angevine Middle School Families, I hope everyone is having a good evening. I am reaching out to you tonight to let you know that we will have a substitute teacher working with some of our PE classes for the time being. While I cannot share much information, following an incident today at school, Ms. Smith was placed on paid administrative leave. We are working closely with our partners at the Lafayette Police Department. We believe in due process and therefore ask that everyone respect Ms. Smith's privacy at this time. We are dedicated, as always, to supporting our students and ensuring that we have qualified educators working with them during their physical education time. Thank you for your patience and support. Please let me know if you have any questions or concerns. Sincerely, Mike Medina Principal Angevine Middle School
The Lafayette Police Department was called to the school around noon Thursday. The agency later confirmed it was investigating reports the teacher assaulted a student who refused to stand for the Pledge of Allegiance.
Parents tell the local affiliate they know Smith as a “strict” teacher, but they believe the story has been “blown out of proportion.”
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON:
The Wyoming Business Council is accepting applications through May 4 for people interested in serving on a newly-formed Broadband Advisory Council.
Advertisement
The Wyoming Legislature created the Broadband Advisory Council during its 2018 session to expand broadband opportunities to unserved areas of the state.
Advisory Council members will provide advice and make recommendations to the Business Council on:
An inventory and map of current broadband availability and identification of areas of the state unserved by broadband technology;
Needs, practices and technologies for providing broadband services in the most efficient manner possible; and
Ensuring state and local policies are conducive to development of broadband services
Advertisement
The Advisory Council will propose to the Business Council a state Broadband Enhancement Plan for adoption by Sept. 1, 2018. By March 1, 2020, the Advisory Council will propose recommended changes to upload and download speeds specified in unserved areas.
The Advisory Council will consist of 11 members of the public from across the state appointed by the Business Council in consultation with the ENDOW executive council.
Members will be from different areas of the state, have different interests and backgrounds, including economic development, government, broadband service, technology-related businesses, health care, education, library services and public safety.
Advisory Council members will receive per diem and travel expenses incurred in the performance of their duties.
Those interested in serving on the Broadband Advisory Council are encouraged to submit a resume and the attached application to Colin McKee at colin.mckee@wyo.gov.
Man, 75, remanded for defiling 2 girls in Niger – The Punch
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
National Democrats are hoping to capitalize on the education funding consensus during this fall's midterm elections, especially in states with key House and Senate races, like Arizona and West Virginia. Though most school funding comes from state and local sources, not the federal government, congressional Democrats have released a plan to repeal the Trump tax cuts for the top 1 percent of earners in order to spend $50 billion on teacher pay and recruitment and another $50 billion on school infrastructure needs.
“Teachers have huge impact in their communities, and they are mobilized and they realize the Democrats are on their side and Republicans have not been,” said the Senate's Democratic leader, Chuck Schumer of New York. “The No. 1 way you can get better teachers is teacher pay. Even some Republicans realize that. It's sort of a free-market concept.”
In Kentucky, Travis Brenda, a high school math teacher, defeated the speaker of the State House of Representatives, Jonathan Shell, in the Republican primary. Mr. Shell had drawn the ire of the teacher movement by backing a plan to make educators' retirement plans more like the 401(k) accounts used in the private sector, and by passing a budget that teachers said devoted too little money to prekindergarten programs, textbooks, school transportation and teachers' professional development.
Support for teachers hasn't always translated into support for more education funding — at least when that funding meant higher tax bills. Oklahoma, for example, repeatedly cut taxes, leading to stagnant teacher pay, aging textbooks and a four-day school week in some rural districts. In 2016, voters there rejected a ballot initiative that would have imposed a 1 percent sales tax to help fund public schools. The teacher protest movement, which mounted a nine-day walkout, won an average raise of $6,000 per year for teachers, funded through new taxes on oil and gas production, online sales, gambling, tobacco and motor fuels.
The walkout movement first took hold in West Virginia among rank-and-file educators who organized on Facebook, but quickly became closely tied to unions, which provided much of the organizing and lobbying muscle. While the Times survey found broad support for teachers, opinions on their unions were split, with 34 percent of adults saying unions are “part of the problem” with public education, and an equal number saying unions are part of the solution. Views on teachers' unions showed a clear partisan split, with a majority of Democrats in favor of unions and a majority of Republicans opposing them.
Doug Brown, a firefighter in Phoenix, where tens of thousands of picketing teachers rallied for a week at the State Capitol in April and May, said that educators deserved the raise they had won from state lawmakers, but that they had been too quick to strike.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - An employee of a cell phone store has been charged with theft after phones worth thousands of dollars were discovered to be missing.
Diana Sanchez, 37, of Louisville, was arrested August 13.
>> MUGSHOTS: August 2017 Roundup
An arrest warrant says Sanchez had been working at a Cricket Wireless store in the 8700 block of Westport Road when the store manager noticed some of the display phones were missing. A check of the inventory revealed that many more phones unaccounted for. The total of the missing merchandise was $6,800.
A review of the video surveillance showed Sanchez leaving the store with a number of phones in a bag on July 11. They were also recorded leaving more phones on July 16. When called by their employer, Sanchez admitted to taking and selling the phones.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Victim's family continues to fight to keep convicted murderer behind bars
+ Meme mocking VA car attack sparks investigation into Shively officer
+ Man charged with assault in March shooting
Some of the stolen phones were recovered by the store from people Sanchez had sold them to. One of the buyers said Sanchez was wearing their company shirt when they purchased their phone from them
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
OTTAWA — A surge in full-time work fuelled a 10th-straight month of net job gains to match the economy's longest monthly streak since the financial crisis nine years ago, Statistics Canada said Friday.
September's unemployment rate stayed at a nine-year low of 6.2 per cent after country added 10,000 net new jobs, including 112,000 full-time positions.
The rise in full-time work more than offset a drop of 102,000 part-time jobs, however, last month's job gains were entirely driven by growth in public-sector employment.
The September figures also showed yet another improvement in the important indicator of wage growth. Compared to the year before, the report said average hourly wages grew at the above-inflation pace of 2.2 per cent, for the biggest increase since April 2016.
The numbers show the employment increase was also concentrated in factory work as the goods-producing sector added 10,500 jobs, compared to a loss of 500 positions in the services industry.
The survey detected a gain of 10,800 paid employee jobs, while the number of people who described themselves as self-employed, including unpaid workers in family businesses, fell by 800.
Statistics Canada said Ontario gained 34,700 jobs in September for its fourth monthly increase in five months and, compared to a year earlier, the province's employment was 2.4 per cent higher. Manitoba shed 5,500 positions for its first notable decline since April 2016, the report said.
Overall, the national numbers show that Canada's year-over-year employment expanded 1.8 per cent with the addition of 319,700 net new jobs, of which more than 90 per cent were full-time positions.
The run of 10-consecutive months of job creation marked the country's longest streak of total employment gains since February 2008.
Follow @AndyBlatchford on Twitter
Snoop Dogg to Perform at Ripple's Blockchain Week NYC Party
Snoop Dogg will perform at Ripple's Community Night during this year's Blockchain Week in May.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from CoinDesk. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
OMNISPORT
Victor Oladipo continued to prove their critics wrong, leading the Indiana Pacers to a win over the Denver Nuggets in the NBA on Sunday.
When the Pacers sent Paul George to the Oklahoma City Thunder this offseason, many felt they got fleeced. But Indiana's main return piece in the trade, Oladipo, continued to shine in a 126-116 overtime win over the Nuggets.
Oladipo scored a career-high 47 points on 15-of-28 shooting with seven rebounds and six assists. Oladipo already has five 30-plus point games this season as they continue to take their game to new heights.
Most Improved Player
1. Victor Oladipo (25)
2. Andre Drummond (23)
3. Kristaps Porzingis (15)
Also receiving votes: Aaron Gordon (13); Jaylen Brown, Clint Capela, Kyle Anderson (4); Domantas Sabonis, Brandon Ingram, LaMarcus Aldridge (1) pic.twitter.com/JXOpoQ7FtN — NBA Math (@NBA_Math) December 11, 2017
The Pacers have now won four straight games, and 10 of their last 13. Behind Oladipo, Indiana features a balanced scoring attack including Myles Turner and Thaddeus Young. Turner scored 24 points with eight rebounds, and Young added 18 points.
The Eastern Conference has proven more competitive than recent seasons, and the Pacers (16-11) are now in the thick of the play-off chase. If Oladipo can continue their rise to stardom, they may have a chance to cause some problems late in the season.
PELICANS IMPRESS
Pelicans trio Jrue Holiday, Anthony Davis and Rajon Rondo helped New Orleans to a 131-124 win over the 76ers. Holiday scored a game-high 34 points, Rondo scored 13 points with 18 assists and five steals, and Davis added 29 points with eight rebounds.
Timberwolves center Karl-Anthony Towns scored 28 points with 12 rebounds, four assists and three steals in a 97-92 win over the Mavericks.
JACKSON, FOX BATTLE
Pistons point guard Reggie Jackson scored just two points on 0-for-nine shooting in a 91-81 loss to the Celtics. The Pistons, having now lost five straight games, need guys like Jackson to step up in order to make the play-offs.
Kings rookie point guard De'Aaron Fox scored just six points on three-of-eight shooting, while turning the ball over seven times in a 102-87 loss to the Raptors. Fox played just 23 minutes, but finishing a game with more turnovers than points is never ideal.
PORZINGIS, JACK COMBINE
Kristaps Porzingis completed Jarrett Jack's sweet dish with a thunderous slam.
SUNDAY'S RESULTS
Toronto Raptors 102-87 Sacramento Kings
Boston Celtics 91-81 Detroit Pistons
Indiana Pacers 126-116 Denver Nuggets
Minnesota Timberwolves 97-92 Dallas Mavericks
New Orleans Pelicans 131-124 Philadelphia 76ers
New York Knicks 111-107 Atlanta Hawks
TRAIL BLAZERS AT WARRIORS
Still without Stephen Curry, the red-hot Warriors host the Damian Lillard-led Trail Blazers. Kevin Durant began the season a little slow, but they have found their play-off form in Curry's absence. Portland have lost four straight games, but do boast a solid 6-4 road record.
Dino Melaye injured; rushed to hospital after jumping off a police vehicle
Nigerian senator, Dino Melaye was brought into Zankli hospital in the Mabushi district of Abuja.
The senator got injured while allegedly jumping off a police vehicle around Area One that was conveying them to court in Lokoja, Kogi state.
UPDATE:
According to The Sun, embattled senator Dino Melaye this afternoon jumped off the vehicle that was conveying them to Kogi state and ran into the thick bush nearby. They were arrested by SARS officers in Abuja this morning and was being transported to Kogi state where they are expected to respond to allegations of sponsoring two assassins.
The assassins were arrested in February and they confessed to have been funded by Melaye.
Melaye who represents Kogi West, is very critical of the Buhari led government as well as very critical of their state governor, Yahaya Bello. They have denied the allegations leveled against them by the suspected assassins, saying they are politically motivated and that they were being framed.
After weeks of reportedly not honoring police invitations, they were prevented from traveling out of Nigeria to Morocco for an official assignment yesterday April 23rd. They were ambushed all through the night. This morning, they surrended to SARS officers in Abuja.
They were being taken to Kogi state when they jumped off the vehicle and fled into the bush.
Yesterday, we reported that the senator announced via their Twitter handle that they had been arrested.
They said on Monday that they were picked up at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport in Abuja.
It was not immediately clear which agency carried out the arrest, but Mr Melaye was declared wanted for their alleged involvement in a murder case and provision of support for criminal elements in their home state of Kogi.
Senator Melaye wrote,
”I have just been arrested at the international wing of the Nnamdi Azikiwe airport on my way to Morocco for an official engagement sponsored by the Federal Govt after checking in”.
Leave a Comment…
comments
The post Dino Melaye injured; rushed to hospital after jumping off a police vehicle appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Desperate to put their ordeal behind him, David pushes to move to New Zealand
David Platt's struggle to cope after being raped by Josh Tucker continues in next week's Coronation Street, as they press ahead with their snap decision to emigrate to New Zealand with their dad Martin.
Advertisement
Girlfriend Shona Ramsey is taken aback by their sudden desire to escape Weatherfield, and the couple argue in Monday's episodes.
Unable to process the horror of their sexual assault, David has yet to confide in anyone what they have been through, and insists they want them and the kids to move to the other side of the world to be nearer Martin, who is emigrating imminently.
Friends and family question if there's more to David's determination, and Martin arrives at the Platts' in the middle of a tense row between their son and Shona. As Martin makes their excuses and leaves, they run into their son's ‘friend' Josh, who explains to Martin that David was angry about their move which could explain their reaction to follow him.
When Martin tries to address this with their son, David is furious when they learn Martin has been speaking to Josh and worries what he's said.
Martin encourages David there's no hurry and that if he's serious about New Zealand, they should give it more thought as it's such a huge upheaval.
Sister Sarah wades in and points out Shona and the children don't want to move and this is all a bit too fast.
As Martin leaves, tormented David reaches a decision about their future in Weatherfield – but what will it be? Will they allow Josh to drive them out of the country? And how long can they carry on without speaking out about being raped?
You can watch our exclusive review show A Week in Weatherfield below.
Advertisement
Visit our dedicated Coronation Street page for all the latest news, interviews and spoilers.
Lagos Set To Host Rasheed Gbadamosi Eko Art Expo
…Event To Kick Off “Lagos @ 50” Celebrations In 2017 The Lagos State Government has concluded plans to host the Rasheed Gbadamosi – Eko Art Expo from Friday, 27 to Sunday 29, January 2017 at the Eko Hotel and Suites, Victoria Island, Lagos in fulfillment of the promise by the State Governor, Mr. Akinwunmi Ambode to host an art exhibition in honour of the former Minister of National Planning, late Chief Rasheed Gbadamosi. In a statement signed by the Commissioner of Information and Strategy, Mr.
This post was syndicated from The NEWS. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
US Based Ghanaian DJ, DJ Akuaa has collaborated on a new musical project with streaming service, Tidal, owned by Mogul Jay-Z.
Set for official release on Monday, October 9 a day before their birthday, it seeks to show off the creative abilities and process of the reigning ‘Best International Ghanaian DJ of the Year' at the 2017 Ghana DJ Awards and also promote Afrobeats music on the international stage.
Akuaa's recent musical offering is street anthem ‘Oh My' featuring two of Ghana's talented acts, Singer and Songwriter, Kidi and rapper, Ko-Jo Cue.
The collaboration with the streaming service is a prelude to the next phase of their career, says their management.
Tidal is a subscription-based streaming service that provides high-definition music, videos and other content. It offers higher quality stream, exclusive content and access to stream concerts live.
Maryland based DjAkuaa is one the hottest DJ's currently in the D.C, Maryland, Virginia (DMV) area.
Originally from Ghana, Akuaa is a talented spinstress with a vast knowledge of music to match. Although music has always played a major role in their life, DJing never crossed their mind as a child.
It was in 2010 that they were introduced to the art of Djing by the DMV's own Dj Albert. Albert reinforced Akuaa's appreciation and love for music.
Through hard work and dedication, Akuaa quickly climbed up the ranks to become the DJ of choice for entertainment functions, weddings, outdoorings, funerals, as well as playing at some of the hottest nightclubs internationally.
It is hard to pigeonhole Akuaa into one specific subgenre; they play all types of music such as hiplife, highlife, reggae, soca, funk, afrobeat, dancehall, hip hop, R & B, house, zouk etc. Them travels have exposed them to the world of music and sounds, which they incorporate into their music that brings sensual, emotional, exotic and hypnotic beats to them crowds.
At each event, they manage to showcase their enthusiasm for their work through persistence and a sense of professionalism. They defy conformity, defines quality and continues to nurture their skills by infusing their own passion into the music. Over these few years, they have made a name for themselves in the US and also internationally, people have taken note of their skills.
One of the most humble artists out there, Akuaa is inspirational in their approach to deliver unforgettable dance experiences where all are touched and moved to feel the music.  They are one of the most promising and respected DJs out right now and as they continue to better their skills, their popularity will only continue to rise with their loyal following of celebrities, artists and music enthusiasts worldwide.
LAS VEGAS (AP) - The Latest on records released by Las Vegas police regarding the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history (all times local):
2:40 p.m.
Las Vegas police released video from traffic surveillance cameras along the Las Vegas Strip showing emergency vehicles arriving as the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history unfolded.
A partial review of files made public Wednesday under court order shows video of police cars streaming down Las Vegas Boulevard and an aircraft view of the Mandalay Bay resort and concert venue where the attack occurred.
The video includes footage from Oct. 1 when shots were being fired into the crowd after 10 p.m. Muzzle flashes of gunfire cannot be seen from the camera view about a block from the concert venue.
As emergency vehicles clog the street, shadows can be seen of people running across a pedestrian bridge and people on the sidewalk clutching each other as they emerge from darkness and pass the camera.
The video is in color but there is no sound.
Courts have ordered police to make public officers' body-camera video, dispatch logs, witness accounts and officer reports.
The material released Wednesday was the fourth batch of records made public under the court order.
Fifty-eight people died and hundreds were injured when gunfire rained from the high-rise Mandalay Bay into the outdoor concert crowd,
___
1 p.m.
Police in Las Vegas have released another batch of public records about the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
The release of video on Wednesday came after courts ordered the department to make public police body-camera video, dispatch logs, witness accounts and officer reports from the Oct. 1 shooting.
It's the fourth batch of records to be released under the court order.
The material has not detailed a possible motive and instead recounts tales of horror and heroism as officers responded to the massacre.
Fifty-eight people died and hundreds were injured when gunfire rained from a high-rise hotel into an outdoor concert crowd on the Las Vegas Strip.
Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo has banned comment from the department about the material being released. The FBI has declined to comment.
Both agencies say they don't have a motive for the attack and the investigation is ongoing.
They say gunman Stephen Paddock acted alone and the attack had no link to international terrorism.
____
10:20 a.m.
Police in Las Vegas are scheduled to release more records about the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history.
The release of the materials has been promised for noon Wednesday.
Courts ordered the release of public records including police body-camera video, dispatch logs, witness accounts and officer reports from the Oct. 1 shooting that killed 58 people and injured hundreds on the Las Vegas Strip.
Clark County Sheriff Joe Lombardo has banned comment from the department about the material.
The FBI has also declined to comment.
Both say they don't have a motive for the attack, and that the investigation is ongoing.
They say gunman Stephen Paddock acted alone in shooting from a high-rise hotel room into an outdoor concert crowd below, and that the attack had no link to international terrorism.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Entertainment of Monday, 2 January 2017
Source: citifmonline.com
2017-01-02
VGMA
The organizers of the annual Vodafone Ghana Music Awards (VGMAs) will on Monday January 9 2017, open nomination to enable artistes in the country submit their works for the award.
A statement from Charter House, organizers of the event, said “…organizers of the annual Vodafone Ghana Music Awards Festival would like to announce to musicians, music industry practitioners and members of the general public that nominations for the 18th edition of the festival officially opens on Monday 9th January 2017.”
The Vodafone Ghana Music Awards recognizes and celebrates hardworking and dedicated players in Ghana's music industry.
The statement further said the nomination period will end on Tuesday, January 31, 2017.
EL wins Artiste of the Year 2016
Rapper EL picked up five awards at the Vodafone Ghana Music Awards show held in 2016, including the coveted Artiste of the Year award.
They beat their all male competitors which had Sarkodie, Stonebwoy, Bisa Kdei, SP Kofi Sarpong and VVIP also in contention to win the marquee award.
EL was rewarded for their exceptional craft and work on hit songs like ‘Mi Naa Bo Po' and ‘Koko'.
Where to pick nomination forms
Offices of Charterhouse Productions Limited
Partner radio and TV stations
or download from www.ghanamusicawards.com.
(Forms can also be filled and submitted online at entry.ghanamusicawards.com)
Completed hand filled forms with copies of CDs, videos and promotional pictures should all be submitted to the offices of Charterhouse Productions Limited located at B824/10 Feo Eyeo Street, Industrial Area Accra, near TV Africa.
Timeline for works that qualify for submission
Works released between January 1, 2016 – December 31, 2016. Terms and conditions apply.
Please log on to www.ghanamusicawards.com for full terms and conditions.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho has tried to leverage Marouane Fellaini's knee injury to convince the midfielder to sign a new contract at the club.
Fellaini sustained their injury during a seven-minute substitute appearance in the midweek defeat at Tottenham Hotspur.
 They are now facing a spell on the sidelines with the end of their contract looming. The Belgium international is out of contract at the end of the season and has so far declined to put pen to paper on a new deal.
Mourinho, who has made it clear they are desperate to keep the former Everton star at the club, joked that Fellaini should now put pen to paper before the extent of the injury is fully known.
United's medical team are yet to diagnose the nature of the injury and Mourinho claimed Fellaini is taking a gamble by not accepting the security of a new contract while it is on the table.
They told reporters at their press conference yesterday: “I told them yesterday: ‘Sign the contract and shut up.'
“I told him: ‘Don't gamble too much. Sign the contract before you know the extent of the injury.'
“It is not an ACL, a complete rupture of any structure of the knee. But we need him, the Champions League is arriving [on 21 February] and lots of tough matches to play and probably we are going to lose them for a few weeks. Two, three, four or five, I cannot say at the moment.”
-To maintain the peace in Darjeeling, the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha needs to sort out the leadership tangle
As winter arrives in Darjeeling, the two pillars of the region's economy, tea and tourism, are picking up the pieces after a 104-day shutdown from June to September led by the key hill party, the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM), for a separate state for Gorkhas. But politically, there are several loose ends which need to be tied up before peace can finally return to the hills, particularly the leadership issue of the GJM that is proving to be more than the proverbial storm in a teacup.
Tug of war
The GJM was founded by Bimal Gurung in 2007, soon after they and their trusted aide Binay Tamang helped a Kolkata Police constable Prashant Tamang win Indian Idol 3 by organising mass votes for the singer. The GJM was replacing the Gorkha National Liberation Front, whose leader Subhas Ghising found themselves isolated in the hills, as the primary hill party. When Mamata Banerjee became Chief Minister in 2011, the GJM agreed to the formation of the Gorkha Territorial Administration (GTA). Mr. Gurung became its chief executive. Cut to 2017. When the GJM called the blockade renewing the demand for Gorkhaland, it was led by Mr. Gurung. The announcement of ending the bandh also came from him, but by then, they were on the run from the West Bengal police, implicated in several cases from triggering violence to misappropriation of funds. Mr. Gurung is now fighting for their cause in the Supreme Court, with their lawyers arguing that the West Bengal government had “broken” the GJM.
But if the GJM is “broken”, it happened because a section of the party, led by Mr. Gurung's aide-turned-adversary Mr. Tamang, showed an inclination to negotiate with the State government when the blockade showed no signs of ending. Ms. Banerjee moved in swiftly, naming Mr. Tamang as chairperson of a new board of administrators to head the GTA whose five-year tenure expired in July. After the vertical split in the party, Mr. Tamang, now GJM chief, has been consolidating the cadre, trying to fill the leadership void as Mr. Gurung, suspended from the party, finds themselves in the same position as Ghising — in a corner and kept out of the hills.
Meanwhile, Ms. Banerjee has made inroads into the hills, clipping the GJM's wings and making it apparent in no uncertain terms that they are against a division of the State. In such a scenario, can Mr. Tamang hold the GJM, whose raison d'etre is a separate State, together? Party cadre is divided. Mr. Tamang's elevation was met with violence initially, but with Mr. Gurung in hiding, many supporters have veered towards the leader visible on the ground.
With the Chief Minister announcing that they will head to Darjeeling on December 27 for a tourism festival, they are sending a signal that the Bengal government has regained control over Darjeeling. But till the GJM can sort out the leadership tangle and redress the grievances of the people, no one leader can claim control over the hills.
[Via: The Hindu]
12 total views, 1 views today
Comments
comments
This article was originally published on The Conversation, an independent and nonprofit source of news, analysis and commentary from academic experts. Disclosure information is available on the original site.
——
Author: Frederick Burrill, PhD student, Department of History, Concordia University
“Arabs aren't big on sensitivity; they're more egotistical: it's the men first, then the women, and then the children, if anyone thinks of them at all.”
This statement sounds like something from the Quebec far-right group
La Meute, or maybe a comment from a certain type of Quebecois “feminist” like journalist Janette Bertrand.
In fact, it's an observation made in 1905 by a young French-Canadian Catholic missionary to Tunisia, taken from the pages of a popular missionary magazine that reached tens of thousands of Quebecers through parishes, schools and family networks across the province.
Quebec's religious amnesia
Here in Quebec, we suffer from what thinker Catherine Foisy has described as “religious amnesia.” The mytho-history of the Quiet Revolution continues to structure our discussions on religion and its place in the province; the dominant narrative tells a story of a society that turned away from the church and toward secularity and the welfare state during the years of Jean Lesage's progressive governments in the 1960s.
Unfortunately, this narrative neglects the importance of currents within the church that led to the post-1960 transformation of Quebec.
One of the many phenomena hidden by this forgetfulness is the presence of thousands of French-Canadian missionaries throughout the countries of the Global South during the first half of the 20th century. At the end of the 1950s, more than 3,300 Quebec missionaries were working in 68 countries around the world, including in Asia.
The first foreign missionaries from Quebec included several members of the Catholic African Missionary Society, commonly known as the “White Fathers.” This group was founded in France in 1868 after the conquest of Algeria, and was designed to propagate the Christian Gospel to “those poor victims of the impostor 1/8Islam's prophet, Muhammad3/8,” as young French-Canadian missionary Joseph Fillion put it in a 1905 letter.
‘Crowning Achievement of Our Small Nation'
In the days before Canada and Quebec developed their own autonomous foreign policies, French-Canadian missionaries were in many ways the most important representatives of our society overseas. Lionel Groulx, a major intellectual architect of contemporary Quebec neo-nationalism, in their 1962 book Le Canada francais missionnaire : une autre grande aventure, went so far as to describe foreign mission work as the “crowning achievement of our small nation.”
As a result, the history of Quebec before the Quiet Revolution was not one of isolation but rather of transnational connections, anchored in global power structures and inseparable from British and French imperial projects.
As British citizens who spoke French, young Quebec Catholics became prominent figures in the colonizing projects of the two empires across Africa, Asia and the Middle East, where they waged a constant war against Islam. This religious struggle continued even after modernization reshaped the place of the church in Quebec. In the 1970s, Quebec missionaries in Indonesia were still reporting on their “concentrated efforts to fight the rise of Islam.”
Missionary propaganda
In a Quebec profoundly shaped and guided by religious authorities, missionary propaganda was one of the most important ways in which people learned about the broader world.
Through recruitment sessions in colleges, sermons at Mass, newspapers and at missionary exhibitions attracting thousands of participants, reductionist discourses about Islam and other non-Christian religions rooted themselves deeply in Quebec's popular culture.
” If one day 1/8this letter3/8 is published in the Annales of the White Fathers in Quebec City, hopefully it will inspire some brave Canadians to come support the mission of their compatriots lost in the Sudanese brush, fishing the pagan fringes for souls to offer to our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ “.
Muslims, we were taught, are characterized by a marked irrationality, captives of a false ideology and attached to backward, patriarchal traditions.
Taking a hard look at ourselves
If the content of this discourse has changed somewhat, the form is almost identical. Before 1960, Quebecers sought to correct the “irrationality” of Muslims abroad through conversion to Catholicism. These days, we work to inculcate secular values and focus on state neutrality.
However, we continue to reserve for ourselves the position of authority, explaining to The Other how they (or more often, she, with the passage of Bill 62, Quebec's religious neutrality law,) can acquire full subject status in our society.
Often, when we talk about Islamophobia in Quebec, we do so in terms of the rise of anti-Islam sentiments across the Western world following the events of Sept. 11, 2001, or rely on secular frameworks transplanted from France.
But the aggressive version of this hateful ideology that we are witnessing today is unique to the Quebec context.
It is only through a critical reinterpretation of our own history of participation in Western imperialism, and a reckoning with the frankly Christian nature of our society — despite our insistence on secularity — that we can begin to build a version of Quebec freed from the racist patterns of the 20th century.
——
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Disclosure information is available on the original site. Read the original article:
https://theconversation.com/islamophobia-in-quebec-an-ideology-roote https://theconversation.com/islamop
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Getty Image
The Nazis/white supremacists who launched (and engaged in) a weekend of violence in Charlottesville seem awfully surprised that their actions are blowing back on them. Unite the Right rally organizer Jason Kessler was chased out of a press conference (to shouts of “murderer!”) on Sunday while seeking refuge with the same cops who they tried to blame for deadly violence against counterprotesters. Likewise, attendee Peter Cvjetanovic was mortified (while insisting they aren't racist) at having been identified as the viral face of Nazism in America. Now, another attendee has lost their job.
Cole White traveled all the way from Berkeley, California, to attend to Unite the Right rally, which was originally planned to protest the removal of a Robert E. Lee statue. As images from the rally spread, White was swiftly identified by social media users and outed (as an employee of Berkeley's Top Dog eatery) by the @YesYoureRacist Twitter account.
Cole White, from California — allegedly works at Top Dog restaurant in Berkeley pic.twitter.com/gxPvwQtAPw — Yes, You're Racist (@YesYoureRacist) August 12, 2017
White actually carries the distinction of being the first attendee doxxed by this account, and Top Dog took swift action by firing their employee. In an email to the East Bay Times, the company unflinchingly distanced themselves from Unite the Right's actions:
“Effective Saturday 12th August, Cole White no longer works at Top Dog,” the email statement read. “The actions of those in Charlottesville are not supported by Top Dog. We believe in individual freedom and voluntary association for everyone.”
Public pressure works. Employees of Top Dog spoke with the Berkelely Side paper to confirm that the restaurant received “a ton of calls” about White, and “pretty much everyone's happy with the fact that they no longer works here.” And the Twitter account that outed them celebrated in the aftermath.
(Via East Bay Times & Berkeley Side)
Extra Butter x The North Face
People think VHS is dead; that's not the case. The nostalgia runs strong. You might argue my impressions are colored by the fact that I live near Portland, where VHS tapes are for sale at every Goodwill and you can still rent VHS video from stores like Movie Madness. In fact, I once rented a VHS Chaucer themed porno from them (it was only OK). But, you would be wrong. Just look at the retro Rogue One trailer from the spring.
But, a surer sign that VHS nostalgia is in full effect is the surprise launch of “Technical Difficulties,” a collaboration between Alameda, CA-based outdoor lifestyle brand The North Face, and New York City retailer Extra Butter.
The collection's inspirations are pretty apparent in their use of saturated color blocking and white noise tones, which the brand says are a nod to the “nostalgia of lo-fi TV and VHS aesthetics of the 20th century.” You should recognize the bands of color from their origins as part of the SMPTE color bars, the retro test patterns used in old-school media by The Society of Motion Picture and Television Engineers. The collab includes a Nuptse jacket, a Denali Fleece, a knit beanie, and an unconstructed pack hat.
Extra Butter x The North Face
Pop-Up Shop in 125 Orchard Street – Lower East Side |
Starting December 11th until
January 10th –
Stay posted for info on various collections and product releases. #thenorthface #extrabutter pic.twitter.com/kmKmWl8q9m — Extra Butter NY (@ExtraButter) December 10, 2017
In addition to the collection, there is also a pop-up shop at Giselle Space on 125 Orchard Street in the Lower East Side. It opened today and will run until January 10. And, since the items are only available through the Extra Butter store, getting your hands on this gear will take some creativity if you are outside New York.
Extra Butter x The North Face
Extra Butter x The North Face
Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about today:
1. PUTIN MAKES SURPRISE STOP IN SYRIA EN ROUTE TO CAIRO
The Russian president visits a Russian military air base in Latakia and announces a partial pullout of their forces from the country.
2. DIVERGENT VIEWS ON WHAT ALABAMA SENATE VOTE MEANS
The matchup between Roy Moore and Doug Jones mixes both the Deep South state's tortured history and the nation's current divisive, bitterly partisan politics.
3. MYANMAR MILITARY'S RAPE OF ROHINGYA MUSLIMS SWEEPING, METHODICAL
In interviews with the AP, more than two dozen women and girls bolster the U.N.'s contention that the Myanmar armed forces are systematically using rape as a “calculated tool of terror” to exterminate the Rohingya people.
4. FOR TRUMP, GOP A MOMENTOUS 2 WEEKS
Republicans are determined to deliver the first revamp of the nation's tax code in three decades and agree on a spending bill to avert a government shutdown over the holidays.
5. WHAT ARE UNINTENDED CONSEQUENCES OF WORKPLACE SCANDALS
Some women, and men, worry the same climate that's emboldening women to speak up about sexual misconduct could backfire by making some men wary of female colleagues.
6. FIREFIGHTERS BRACE FOR 2ND WEEK OF CALIFORNIA WILDFIRES
Southern California fire officials anticipate more growth and danger due to continued strong wind gusts, no rain and decades-old dry vegetation.
7. DEADLINE WEEK CRUNCH FOR HEALTH LAW SIGN-UPS
Friday is the last day for millions of people still eligible to enrol in subsidized private coverage in 39 states served by the federal HealthCare.gov website.
8. BITCOIN FUTURES RISE AS VIRTUAL CURRENCY HITS MAJOR EXCHANGE
The futures contract that expires in January surges more than $3,000 to $18,580 eight hours after trading launched on the Chicago Board Options Exchange.
9. WHO ARE FAVORITES FOR POST-WEINSTEIN GOLDEN GLOBES
Steven Spielberg's Pentagon Papers drama “The Post” and Christopher Nolan's World War II tale “Dunkirk” are expected to lead the film categories, while Hulu's “The Handmaid's Tale” and HBO's “Big Little Lies” could be in for a big day on the TV side.
10. STEELERS CLINCH AFC NORTH
Ben Roethlisberger throws for 506 yards and two touchdowns, becoming the first quarterback in NFL history to top 500 yards passing three times, as Pittsburgh (11-2) rallies past Baltimore 39-38.
Incorrect post - Sorry This scope is virtually brand new. Purchased in Jan 2016 mounted and taken to range 4 times. Never hunted with it. Like new all around. Includes a set of 34mm TPS rings and a scope level.
Asking $2,100 shipped and insured. Money Order only please. Attached Thumbnails - Click to View Larger
U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo began the first meeting with North Korean emissary Kim Yong-chol today in New York. Over the next two days the two leaders are anticipated to discuss terms of North Korean denuclearization and the possibility of a summit in Singapore between President Donald Trump and North Korean Chairman Kim Jong-un.
Pompeo arriving like a boss
Kim Yong-chol, is one of the most influential North Koreans outside of the Kim Jong-un family. Premier Kim Yong Chol has been closely involved in with talks with South Korea and is the most senior DPRK official to set foot in the US since 2000.
Over the next two days Secretary Pompeo and Premier Kim Yong-chol are anticipated to discuss the granular details of North Korea giving up all nuclear weapons. There is a great deal of responsibility on the shoulders of Pompeo to ensure clarity of expectations in advance of any further diplomatic meetings.
North Korean's leader's right hand man, arrived at a New York apartment near the UN headquarters for a steak dinner meeting shortly after Secretary Pompeo arrived: VIDEO:
.
Looking forward to meeting with Kim Yong Chol in New York to discuss @Potus potential summit with Chairman Kim. We are committed to the complete, verifiable, and irreversible denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula @StateDept — Secretary Pompeo (@SecPompeo) May 30, 2018
Advertisements
Sean Cody Actor Gets Life in Prison for Murder of Wealthy Older Boyfriend in Plot to Inherit $3 Million Estate
Ring in 2018 with a New Orleans New Year's Celebration You'll Never Forget
TRUMP ACCUSERS. Women demand Congressional investigation into Trump's sexual misdeeds: “Samantha Holvey, Jessica Leeds and Rachel Crooks all shared their past experiences with Mr. Trump jointly at Monday's event, which was held by the organization Brave New Films, a non-profit that creates media and film campaigns surrounding social justice issues.”
NEW YEAR'S EVE. Have you decided yet?
RUSSIA. FBI says Jeff Sessions wasn't required to disclose foreign contacts while they were a senator: “The FBI email from March bolsters the explanation by the Justice Department for why Sessions didn't disclose contacts with the Russian ambassador in their application for a US security clearance. When the omission of the foreign contacts on the form was first reported by CNN in May, the Justice Department said Sessions' office was advised by the FBI that they didn't need to disclose the meetings.”
NECESSARY CAT VIDEO OF THE DAY. Antonio, who knows where the treat's at.
MARIO BATALI. The Italian chef has taken a leave from their businesses after being accused of sexual harassment.
ROY MOORE. Pro-Trump group sent a 12-year-old girl to interview the accused child molester: “Millie March went viral at the Conservative Party Action Conference (CPAC) in February, where they offered a full-throttle defense of President Trump's legislative agenda. Since then, they have become a darling of the right-wing, being interviewed by Fox and Friends in July and meeting Trump themselves in September.”
KEY WITNESS. Will Steve Bannon face Mueller? “People close to Bannon, who left the White House in August and returned to their former perch as head of Breitbart News, say he's told them they don't have a lawyer and isn't worried about potential exposure. But others say it's inevitable he'll be called in as a witness in the ongoing investigations. They have not been publicly accused of any wrongdoing or named as a target of the investigations.”
NOBEL PEACE PRIZE WINNERS. Nuclear war is a “tantrum away.” ‘Mankind's destruction caused by a nuclear war is just one “impulsive tantrum away”, the winners of the Nobel Peace Prize, the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN), warned on Sunday as the United States and North Korea exchange threats over the nation's nuclear tests. “Will it be the end of nuclear weapons, or will it be the end of us?” ICAN head Beatrice Fihn said in a speech after receiving the peace prize on behalf of the anti-nuclear group.'
WILL & GRACE. Comcast launches behind-the-scenes companion series on the reboot. “Inside Stage 22 with Max and David, an Xfinity Originals Series, is named after the studio where the sitcom is filmed. Creators Max Mutchnick and David Kohan talk with cast members and also offer insights and background on the series and never-before-seen highlights from the set.”
BINGEWATCHED in 2017. Netflix releases list of its most binge-watched shows.
OkLAHOMA. University of Oklahoma Board of Regents member compared gays to pedophiles: “Kirk Humphreys made the comments over the weekend on KFOR-TV's public affairs show. They also compared gay people to politicians who've recently resigned after allegations of sexual misconduct. LGBTQ advocacy group Freedom Oklahoma has called for their removal from the board if they don't apologize. Executive Director Troy Stevenson says Humphreys' comments were disheartening and dangerous for LGBTQ youth who are already harassed and bullied.”
UGANDA. Police raid shuts down only LGBT film festival. “On Saturday afternoon, the second day of the festival, three police officers, including one armed with an AK-47 rifle, burst into the festival venue in the capital Kampala.”
GOD'S OWN COUNTRY. Gay romance sweeps British Independent Film Awards: “God's Own Country, the story of a British farmer who falls in love with a Romanian worker, won best feature, the best actor for Josh O'Connor and best debut screenwriter for writer and director Francis Lee.”
TRAILER OF THE DAY. Ready Player One.
CLOSE ENCOUNTER OF THE DAY. This spearfishing WTF.
What do you do when you see this coming over the shoulder of your dive buddy! 🦈 A post shared by World's Largest Dive Store (@adrenospearfishing) on Dec 10, 2017 at 4:43pm PST
BAD LIP READING OF THE DAY. Stranger Things.
CHRISTMAS TUNE OF THE DAY. Michelle Visage “Silent Night”.
MONDAY MUSCLE. Francisco Otero Martín,
Mike is a Player / Director of the Greater Cleveland Skins Game.
About the author
Stories by Association | Event Stories by Association | Event Select Category Akron District Golf Assn Chippewa Scratch League City and County Ams Cleveland Metroparks Golf Fox Den Big Skins Game Golf Life NEOH Greater Cleveland Skins Game Historical Records Independent Tournaments NEOH College Golf NEOH High School Golf NEOH Junior Golf NEOH Stroke Play Series NEOHgolf News Northern Ohio Golf Association Northern Ohio PGA Ohio Golf Association Ohio Public Golf Association Photo / Video Galleries Professional Tours USGA X-OUT Tours & Associations Championship Golf Association Golf Channel Amateur Tour Lake Erie Golf Tour Stark County Amateur Golf Assn The Medalist Tour Twin Lakes / Paradise Lake 2M Scrambles
Sports News of Monday, 14 August 2017
Source: GHANAsoccernet.com
2017-08-14
play videoAsamoah Gyan
Ghana captain Asamoah Gyan suffered a difficult Turkish league debut on Monday as their club Kayserispor where hammered by giants Galatasaray on Monday night.
The Istanbul-based side whitewashed Kayserispor 4-1 in the Turkish Super Lig at the packed Turk Telekom Stadium.
Gyan was seeking to establish their name in Turkey but tight marking by their opponents ensured that the tiger was not allowed to bite and cause havoc.
A brace from Bafetimbi Gomis and further strikes by Tolga Cigerci and Younes Belhanda completed the massacre.
Swiss defender Levent Guelen scored the consolation goal for Kayserispor in the 29th minute after Galatasaray had taken the lead.
Gyan was substituted in the 71st as Kayserispor wanted to prevent Gala from extending the lead so they had to shore up their defence.
Watch the video below
Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May are back: The Grand Tour is now available on Amazon Prime.
Here's everything you need to know about the new show.
When is The Grand Tour released?
The Grand Tour with Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May is out from Friday 18th November at midnight UK time.
Where can I watch The Grand Tour in the UK?
The series will be released on Amazon Prime in the UK.
We have a stylist on our new show. #Fired pic.twitter.com/UauOiDwG24 — James May (@MrJamesMay) April 1, 2016
Will The Grand Tour air all at once?
No, the 12-part series will be released week by week, coming from a different location every Friday.
Find out more about episode two here.
Don't worry, they can still type. And no, I can't tell you how they hurt it pic.twitter.com/F4iz4yDxXV — Richard Hammond (@RichardHammond) July 22, 2016
How can I watch The Grand Tour?
The series will air exclusively on Amazon Prime, so you'll need a subscription to watch.
Is The Grand Tour be any good?
Read our full review of episode one below.
The Trump Administration is giving insurance companies an extra three weeks to decide whether to offer insurance plans through the Affordable Care Act markets, and how much to charge.
The extension comes as insurance companies wait for Trump to decide whether they will continue to make payments to insurance companies that are called for under the Affordable Care Act, but that some Republicans have opposed.
The payments – known as cost-sharing reduction payments – reimburse insurance companies for discounts on copayments and deductibles that they're required by law to offer to low-income customers. The Congressional Budget Office estimates the payments this year would be about $7 billion.
Trump has said they may end the reimbursements, which they call "bailouts," and has been leaving insurers to wonder month-to-month about whether they will receive a check.
A White House spokesperson says Trump is "working with their staff and their cabinet to consider the issues raised by the CSR payments."
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services says it's offering the extra time so insurance companies can plan ahead in case the government decides to end the payments. In a memo Friday, the agency said many states are now requiring companies to file their rates for 2018 on the assumption that they won't be reimbursed.
Several companies say that without the cost-sharing payments, their rates will see double-digit increases. For example, Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina says ending the payments would push its rates up 14.1 percent.
The HHS memo says "there have been no changes regarding HHS's ability to make cost-sharing reduction payments to insurers."
But it then says the agency intends to change the ACA's risk adjustment program to compensate for the loss of cost-sharing payments.
The changes are technical and complex, but Timothy Jost, professor emeritus at Washington & Lee University's law school, says in a Health Affairs blog that the memo just deepens the confusion.
"We still do not know if all of this is needed or not — the Trump administration has not made up its mind," they say.
The cost-sharing payments have been at the center of a political battle over the Affordable Care Act since before President Trump took office.
House Republicans opposed to the health law sued then-President Obama, saying the payments are illegal because Congress hadn't appropriated money for them. A judge agreed but allowed the administration to continue making the payments during an appeal.
Now that Trump is in the White House, and Republican efforts to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act have failed, many Republicans are urging the president to continue the payments rather than undermine the health care markets.
MINNEAPOLIS — A Minnesota woman who led authorities on a weekslong manhunt after they allegedly killed their husband, then went to Florida and befriended — then killed — a woman who resembled her, is now facing charges in two states.
Lois Riess is in custody in Texas, awaiting transfer to Florida or Minnesota for trial. If the Florida charges against Riess are elevated to first-degree murder, they could face the death penalty.
Here are some details about how this case might unfold:
‘COLD-BLOODED MURDERER'
Riess, 56, killed their husband, 54-year-old David Riess, in late March, then forged checks to steal $11,000 from their account, according to authorities. David Riess's body was found on March 23 at the couple's home in Blooming Prairie, Minnesota, with multiple gunshot wounds. Lois Riess was gone.
The search for Riess began and seemed to intensify after another woman, Pamela Hutchinson, 59, of Bradenton, Florida, was found dead in Fort Myers Beach on April 9. Authorities said at the time that Riess targeted Hutchinson because they looked alike, then killed them to assume their identity.
Lee County Undersheriff Carmine Marceno said Riess was armed and dangerous and their mode of operation was to befriend women who resembled her, then steal their identity. They called them a “cold-blooded murderer.”
A national manhunt for Riess continued until they were arrested Thursday in the South Texas beach resort town of South Padre Island after someone recognized them at a restaurant.
——
WHAT HAPPENS NEXT?
Riess is charged in Florida with one count each of second-degree murder, grand theft, grand theft of a motor vehicle and criminal use of personal identification information.
In Minnesota, Riess is charged with one count of felony theft. Authorities have said a second-degree murder charge is pending, but they are taking time to build the strongest possible case.
A judge in Brownsville, Texas, ruled that Riess could be extradited to either state for trial, and whomever picked them up first could take custody.
David Weinstein, a former federal and state prosecutor in Florida, said the Florida case seems to be farther along so it's likely that Riess will head there first. In addition, the second-degree murder charge filed by way of an arrest warrant in Florida is going to weigh heavier than the theft charge in Minnesota. Weinstein said authorities in both states have to discuss the next steps together.
——
THE DEATH PENALTY
Florida is a death penalty state, while Minnesota is not. The death penalty is currently not a factor with the charges Riess faces, but that could change.
In order to seek the death penalty, Florida prosecutors must charge Riess with first-degree murder and that can only be done through a grand jury indictment. State Attorney's Office spokesperson Samantha Syoen said the office doesn't discuss such matters.
Weinstein, who is not part of the case, said that from what he's seen about Riess's alleged plan to befriend Hutchinson, steal their identity and then escape, it seems authorities will move forward with a first-degree, premeditated, murder charge.
But that charge doesn't automatically mean prosecutors will seek the death penalty, or that it would be imposed if she's convicted.
Prosecutors have to evaluate aggravating and mitigating factors. Some aggravating factors for the death penalty include how a murder was planned and carried out, the manner of death, and whether the death was heinous, atrocious and cruel. Some mitigating factors that might weigh against the death penalty include the defendant's age or mental health, Weinstein said.
——
SOME WRINKLES
The death penalty issue could be a factor as authorities discuss where Riess should face trial first.
One aggravating factor for the death penalty is a prior crime of violence. So, Florida prosecutors could theoretically opt to let Minnesota try its case first, get a murder conviction, and then use that conviction to bolster their argument for the death penalty, Weinstein said.
Pete Mills, chairperson of the Florida Public Defenders Association Death Penalty Steering Committee, said prosecutors in Minnesota also might feel that the death penalty shouldn't be an option, so they might seek to try Riess first for that reason. They also might seek to bring them to Minnesota first so they can seek justice for family members there.
——
HISTORY OF THEFT AND GAMBLING
Riess has a history of stealing money and gambling, and authorities dubbed them “Losing Streak Lois” for their habit of frequenting casinos.
In 2012, Riess was appointed conservator and guardian for their disabled sister, who has the cognitive level of a 10-year-old, according to court records. In a September 2015 affidavit, a social worker said they received a report that Riess transferred funds from the guardianship account to Riess' own account, then spent some of the funds at a casino. Riess was never charged, but was directed to repay their sister more than $100,500, court records show. An attorney on the case said they have not.
During their time on the run, authorities said Riess gambled at casinos in Iowa and Louisiana, where they won a $1,500 jackpot on slot machines and used their own identification to claim the prize.
——
Associated Press writer Jeff Baenen contributed to this report from Minneapolis.
——
Follow Amy Forliti on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/amyforliti . More of their work at: https://apnews.com/search/amy%20forliti
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Tampa Bay 50 34 13 3 71 176 128 17-5-1 17-8-2 9-3-1 Boston 48 29 11 8 66 157 119 16-6-4 13-5-4 10-1-2 Washington 49 29 15 5 63 150 138 18-7-1 11-8-4 8-4-3 Toronto 52 29 18 5 63 167 146 14-8-2 15-10-3 6-4-1 Pittsburgh 52 28 21 3 59 156 155 18-7-1 10-14-2 10-4-0 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 13-8-3 12-8-5 5-6-1 Columbus 50 27 19 4 58 133 140 16-8-1 11-11-3 8-5-2 Philadelphia 49 24 17 8 56 141 141 13-9-4 11-8-4 5-2-4 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 17-8-3 8-12-2 7-6-3 N.Y. Islanders 52 25 22 5 55 173 189 13-8-3 12-14-2 7-7-1 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 11-7-4 12-12-4 6-5-3 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 11-8-3 9-14-3 6-4-1 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 10-10-7 9-11-1 6-9-2 Montreal 50 20 24 6 46 130 159 12-10-5 8-14-1 9-6-2 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 9-11-5 6-13-4 5-8-3 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 6-13-3 8-14-6 3-5-2 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Vegas 49 33 12 4 70 168 130 19-3-2 14-9-2 12-1-1 Winnipeg 51 30 13 8 68 167 137 18-3-1 12-10-7 7-5-2 Nashville 48 29 12 7 65 146 125 16-5-3 13-7-4 10-4-2 St. Louis 52 31 18 3 65 151 131 18-10-0 13-8-3 7-4-1 Dallas 51 28 19 4 60 155 137 17-8-1 11-11-3 7-10-0 San Jose 49 26 16 7 59 145 138 14-7-3 12-9-4 12-2-3 Minnesota 50 27 18 5 59 147 142 17-4-4 10-14-1 8-8-0 Los Angeles 50 27 18 5 59 142 121 12-9-3 15-9-2 6-9-3 Anaheim 51 25 17 9 59 144 142 14-9-3 11-8-6 8-5-5 Colorado 49 27 18 4 58 160 143 18-7-1 9-11-3 7-6-1 Calgary 50 25 17 8 58 139 139 12-12-3 13-5-5 8-6-3 Chicago 50 24 19 7 55 148 137 12-10-3 12-9-4 6-7-2 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 11-13-1 11-11-2 10-2-0 Vancouver 50 20 24 6 46 131 162 9-13-3 11-11-3 5-9-1 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172 6-15-3 6-14-6 1-7-5
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Tuesday's Games
Minnesota 3, Columbus 2, SO
Pittsburgh 5, San Jose 2
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Anaheim 3, Boston 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Winnipeg 3, Tampa Bay 1
St. Louis 3, Montreal 1
Chicago 2, Nashville 1
Los Angeles 3, Dallas 0
Vegas 4, Calgary 2
Vancouver 4, Colorado 3, OT
Wednesday's Games
Toronto 5, N.Y. Islanders 0
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Philadelphia at Washington, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Saturday's Games
Ottawa at Philadelphia, 1 p.m.
Anaheim at Montreal, 1 p.m.
Detroit at Florida, 7 p.m.
Pittsburgh at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Columbus at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Colorado at Winnipeg, 7 p.m.
Toronto at Boston, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Rangers at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Minnesota at Dallas, 8 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Chicago at Calgary, 10 p.m.
Arizona at Los Angeles, 10:30 p.m.
PORTLAND, OR – Daimler Trucks North America has named two executives who will oversee channel marketing and corporate communications.
Daimler Trucks North America spokesperson David Giroux has been named director – channel marketing, in a newly created position that will have them lead the development and implementation of all Freightliner and Detroit brand marketing communications and brand strategy. They will be responsible for executing digital marketing, strategy, and delivering brand and product information to customers, dealers and the press.
Succeeding Giroux as director – public relations and corporate communications will be Katja Bott, who will now be responsible for public relations strategy, internal and external corporate communications and marketing, and media relations for Freightliner, Western Star, Detroit Diesel, Thomas Built Buses, Alliance Truck Parts, and Freightliner Custom Chassis Corporation. They previously held roles at smart, Daimler AG, Daimler Trucks, and Mercedes-Benz Vans, and most recently was the primary spokesperson for the head of MB Vans.
Giroux has been director of communications since June 2010, and is credited with accomplishments including the expansion of corporate and community communications, including many philanthropic efforts and expanding the Daimler brand.
“David's accomplishments for DTNA (Daimler Trucks North America) are tremendous. For over six years, they and their team have ensured industry leading communications. We are grateful that they will continue to push communications for DTNA in this new critical role for the company," said Roger Nielsen, president and chief executive officer. "We welcome Katja to the DTNA family. With their breadth and depth of public relations and leadership experience, they will continue leading communications in our industry.”
PORTLAND, OR – Daimler Trucks North America has named two executives who will oversee channel marketing and corporate communications.
Daimler Trucks North America spokesperson David Giroux has been named director – channel marketing, in a newly created position that will have them lead the development and implementation of all Freightliner and Detroit brand marketing communications and brand strategy. They will be responsible for executing digital marketing, strategy, and delivering brand and product information to customers, dealers and the press.
Succeeding Giroux as director – public relations and corporate communications will be Katja Bott, who will now be responsible for public relations strategy, internal and external corporate communications and marketing, and media relations for Freightliner, Western Star, Detroit Diesel, Thomas Built Buses, Alliance Truck Parts, and Freightliner Custom Chassis Corporation. They previously held roles at smart, Daimler AG, Daimler Trucks, and Mercedes-Benz Vans, and most recently was the primary spokesperson for the head of MB Vans.
Giroux has been director of communications since June 2010, and is credited with accomplishments including the expansion of corporate and community communications, including many philanthropic efforts and expanding the Daimler brand.
“David's accomplishments for DTNA (Daimler Trucks North America) are tremendous. For over six years, they and their team have ensured industry leading communications. We are grateful that they will continue to push communications for DTNA in this new critical role for the company," said Roger Nielsen, president and chief executive officer. "We welcome Katja to the DTNA family. With their breadth and depth of public relations and leadership experience, they will continue leading communications in our industry.”
(AP Photo/Jeff Roberson, File). FILE - In this May 17, 2018 file photo, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens looks on before speaking at an event near the capitol in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens, a sometimes brash outsider whose unconventional resume as a Rhode...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens leaves the podium after announcing their resignation at a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens resigned amid a wide...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as they announce their resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) - The Latest on the resignation of Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens (all times local):
5:30 p.m.
A former Missouri Supreme Court chief justice says a prosecutor's agreement to drop a criminal case against Gov. Eric Greitens following their resignation is "a good result for him."
Michael Wolff said Wednesday that it's possible that Greitens supporters were counting Missouri House votes on their impeachment and concluded they couldn't avoid it. Greitens plans to step down Friday.
Wolff also is a retired Saint Louis University law school dean. They said Greitens will leave office admitting to "doing nothing" and it's possible that in six months that they will say a "liberal cabal" pushed them out.
Wolff also said it's "surprising" that the agreement would protect the prosecutor and their staff from being sued over their actions.
They said, "I don't know if I've ever seen that."
___
4 p.m.
A former federal prosecutor says that an agreement to drop a criminal case against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens when they resigned is a "fair resolution" to the case.
Jean Paul Bradshaw II said Wednesday that the St. Louis city prosecutor's office accomplished the "greatest public benefit" it could with Greitens' departure from office. Bradshaw is a Kansas City attorney who served as U.S. attorney for western Missouri in 1989-93.
Greitens plans to step down Friday. Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner agreed to drop a felony charge of computer data tampering. The charge accused Greitens of improperly suing a donor list for a charity they founded for their 2016 campaign.
Bradshaw said Greitens' resignation makes the agreement to drop the case appropriate because the state can "get back to doing business."
___
1 p.m.
A St. Louis judge has agreed to dismiss a felony computer data tampering case against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens.
Circuit Judge Rex Burlison on Wednesday approved an agreement reached by Greitens' attorneys and the St. Louis circuit attorney's office. Greitens announced their resignation on Tuesday. It is effective 5 p.m. Friday.
The dismissal agreement has seven stipulations, two of which are sealed and unavailable to the public. One of the open stipulations states that Greitens has agreed to release Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner and everyone in their office from civil liability.
Greitens also was indicted in February on invasion of privacy stemming from an alleged affair with their St. Louis hairdresser in 2015. The charge was dropped earlier this month. A special prosecutor is deciding whether to refile that case.
___
12:35 p.m.
A county judge ordered attorneys to preserve data from phones targeted in an investigation into a text-deleting phone app used by Gov. Eric Greitens and some of their staff.
Circuit Judge Jon Beetem on Wednesday ordered Robert Thompson, who is representing Greitens' office, to compile a list of those who used the Confide app, along with the telephone numbers they used.
Attorney Mark Pedroli filed a lawsuit contending Greitens and their top staff violated the state's open records laws by using the app.
The Columbia Daily Tribune reports Beetem's ordered Pedroli and Thompson to present draft lists of the data on the phones by the end of the day.
Thompson had filed a motion seeking time to confer with Lt. Gov. Mike Parson about whether to continue to defend the case after Parson becomes governor Friday.
___
This story corrects the spelling of Greitens in one reference.
___
12:10 p.m.
A spokesperson for St. Louis' top prosecutor says the office agreed to drop a computer tampering charge against Gov. Eric Greitens after their attorneys suggested they would resign if the case was dismissed.
Susan Ryan, a spokesperson for Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner, told The Associated Press that defense attorneys approached the office and Gardner agreed to their proposal.
Defense attorney Jim Martin acknowledged reaching out to Gardner to resolve the issue but added, "I don't think that's exactly the full play." They didn't elaborate.
Martin says they expect a felony invasion of privacy charge against Greitens will be resolved soon as well. A special prosecutor is weighing whether to refile that charge.
___
This item corrects that Gardner agreed to the defense proposal.
___
11:30 a.m.
Defense attorney Jim Martin says he's happy "we've eliminated the issue" of the computer tampering charge against departing Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced Wednesday that she's dropping that charge against Greitens. A special prosecutor is considering whether to refile an invasion of privacy charge against him. Martin says they think "we'll resolve that soon" but would not elaborate.
Martin says "it's now time to leave the governor alone and let them and their family heal."
___
11:20 a.m.
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges they initially filed against them were part of a coordinated "witch hunt."
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced Wednesday that she's dropping the computer tampering charge against Greitens, who is resigning on Friday. A special prosecutor is weighing whether to refile another criminal charge against him.
Gardner says they made the agreement to dismiss the computer charge after conversations with Greitens' attorneys. They say there was enough evidence to bring the charge but that if they were convicted, it's unlikely Greitens would have served any jail time due to their status as a first-time offender.
As for Greitens allegations of a witch hunt, Gardner said they reject their "shameful personal attacks" and "dangerous and false rhetoric about the criminal justice system and the rule of law."
___
11:05 a.m.
Missouri's top legislative leaders are meeting with Lt. Gov. Mike Parson to plan the transition in power when Gov. Eric Greitens resigns.
Parson met Wednesday with House Speaker Todd Richardson, Senate President Pro Tem Ron Richard and Senate Majority Leader Mike Kehoe.
The lawmakers said they have invited Parson to deliver a speech to a joint session of the Legislature in the coming weeks.
Greitens announced Tuesday that they were resigning Friday instead of continuing to fight a criminal charge and potential impeachment proceedings over alleged sexual misconduct and campaign finance violations.
Among those meeting Wednesday with Parson was Sarah Steelman, Greitens' administration commissioner. Parson also was receiving enhanced security that is supplied to incoming governors.
___
10:40 a.m.
The prosecutor's office in St. Louis will drop a felony charge of computer data tampering against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens, now that the Republican governor has announced their resignation.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced the decision Wednesday, a day after Greitens' surprise announcement that they would step down effective Friday afternoon.
The charge, filed in April following an investigation by the Missouri attorney general's office, accused Greitens of using a donor list from the veterans charity they founded, The Mission Continues, for their 2016 gubernatorial campaign.
Greitens also was indicted on felony invasion of privacy in February in St. Louis, stemming from an extramarital affair in 2015. The case was dismissed earlier this month and a special prosecutor in Jackson County is still considering whether to refile the charge.
___
This story has been corrected to reflect the charity's name as The Mission Continues.
___
9 a.m.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner is planning to explain the resolution of criminal charges against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens.
Gardner's news conference is scheduled for 10:30 a.m. Wednesday.
They said Tuesday that their office has reached a "fair and just resolution" on charges of tampering with a computer against Greitens.
Greitens announced the same day that they are resigning as governor, effective Friday.
A felony indictment in February accused Greitens of taking an unauthorized and compromising photo of a St. Louis woman during an extramarital affair in 2015.
The charge was dropped earlier this month, but Jackson County prosecutor Jean Peters Baker was appointed special prosecutor to consider whether to refile it.
Baker said in a statement that the investigation is ongoing.
___
8:30 a.m.
On a dreary overcast day, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens stood in a light rain near the Governor's Mansion and recounted their grueling training as a Navy SEAL officer to suggest they would never quit fighting allegations of sexual misconduct and campaign finance violations.
Less than two weeks later, Greitens announced Tuesday that they are quitting with their mission incomplete.
Greitens' departure will become official at 5 p.m. Friday - marking a stunning political defeat for the 44-year-old, self-made warrior-philosopher who had aspirations of someday becoming president.
For those fellow Republicans who had strenuously urged their resignation, Greitens' exit provides the divided party a chance to reunify at the start of a summer campaign season in which it's seeking to unseat Democratic U.S. Sen. Claire McCaskill.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
JACKSONVILLE, Ala. — Malcolm Drumwright scored 18 points with four 3-pointers, leading four into double figures as Jacksonville State rallied in the second half to defeat Louisiana Monroe 75-56 Saturday.
Drumwright has reached double figures six times this season. Jamall Gregory scored 14 points, Christian Cunningham scored 12 with 12 rebounds and Marlon Hunter also contributed 12 points for Jacksonville State (7-2). Jason Burnell had five of the Gamecocks' 10 blocked shots.
Sam McDaniel led the Warhawks (3-5) with 16 points and Marvin Jean-Pierre added 11. Louisiana Monroe led 35-33 at halftime, but Cunningham scored on a putback and Gregory dunked as Jacksonville State captured the lead barely more than a minute into the second half and never looked back.
The lead was up to 50-40 when Hunter scored with 13:44 left to play. Louisiana Monroe missed five of its first seven shots after halftime and turned the ball over five times in the first five minutes of the second half.
A group of former students defrauded by for-profit colleges is claiming in court that the Education Department illegally obtained and used their Social Security data to limit their student loan relief.
The Education Department announced in December that it will start granting some former students at the now-defunct Corinthian Colleges only partial federal student loan forgiveness in part to save taxpayers' money. The agency said it will use students' earnings data to determine how much of their loans to forgive.
Some students have already received noticed from the department they will see only 50 percent or less of their loan wiped out, the Associated Press reported last week.
But a motion filed by several former Corinthian students over the weekend claims that the agency had obtained the figures from the Social Security Administration in violation of several laws as well as the Constitution. Attorneys with the Project on Predatory Student Lending at Harvard University representing the students say the agency should have turned to the students for their data as well as notified them of its actions in order to give them a chance to react.
The department "has secretly and illegally coopted Social Security data to try to argue for something less than the complete cancellation and refund that these borrowers are due," said attorney Joshua Rovenger.
The motion, filed in federal court in California, is asking that the notices of partial relief be rescinded. The filing is part of a larger suit against the department.
The Education Department declined to comment on pending litigation.
The Social Security Administration did not return requests for comment.
The Obama administration went hard after for-profit colleges accused of fraud, closing down Corinthian and other major chains and tightening regulations for those schools. The administration also spent $550 million to fully forgive student loans for tens of thousands of students.
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos has set out to overhaul the sector. They say the Obama regulations were unfair and is writing new ones. They say their new system of partial loan forgiveness will be fairer to students and taxpayers.
Tens of thousands more students are currently waiting for the agency to decide their cases.
Schools in Sweetwater County School District #1 are getting into the holiday spirit with holiday performances, concerts, recitals, and more.
Below is a list of school events for the month of December around SWCSD#1. The list is in alphabetical order by school name.
Don't forget to share your photos and videos of holiday performances by messaging us on Facebook or by emailing wyo4news@wyoming.com.
Black Butte High School
3rd Annual Holiday Show-December 20th at 10:15 a.m. in Black Butte Gym
Desert School/Wamsutter
Christmas Program- December 20th at 7 p.m. at Desert School
Desert View Elementary
3 rd Grade Program-December 13 th at 6:30 p.m. at Desert View Elementary
Grade Program-December 13 at 6:30 p.m. at Desert View Elementary Kindergarten Christmas Program & Cookie Social- December 20 th at Desert View Elementary
at Desert View Elementary Buffalo Bill Holiday Round-Up- December 21st at 9:25 a.m. at Desert View Elementary
Eastside Elementary School
Eastside/RSJH Choir Concert- December 12 th at 6 p.m. at the RSJH Auditorium
at 6 p.m. at the RSJH Auditorium Band Concert-December 13 th at 6 p.m. at Eastside Elementary
at 6 p.m. at Eastside Elementary Movie Night (Elf)- December 6th at 6 p.m. at Eastside Elementary
Farson-Eden Elementary
Elementary Awards Assembly-December 21st at 10:45 a.m. at Farson-Eden School
Farson-Eden School
Christmas Program- December 13th at 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. at Farson-Eden School
Northpark Elementary
Christmas Program- December 11 th at 2:30 p.m. at Northpark Elementary
at 2:30 p.m. at Northpark Elementary 3 rd and 4 th Grade Christmas Program- December 11 th at 6 p.m. at Northpark Elementary
and 4 Grade Christmas Program- December 11 at 6 p.m. at Northpark Elementary Buffalo Bill Christmas Program- December 19th at 9 a.m. at Northpark Elementary
Overland Elementary
Overland Reading Night (tentative)- December 13 th at 5:30 p.m. at Overland Elementary
at 5:30 p.m. at Overland Elementary Choir Concert- December 14 th at 6 p.m. at Overland Elementary
at 6 p.m. at Overland Elementary Albertini's Kindergarten Class Program- December 19 th at 6:30 p.m. at Overland Elementary
at 6:30 p.m. at Overland Elementary Lewis's Kindergarten Class Program- December 20th at 6 p.m. at Overland Elementary
Pilot Butte Elementary
PBE/RSJH Choir Concert- December 6 th at 6 p.m. at RSJH Auditorium
at 6 p.m. at RSJH Auditorium Choir/Band Concert- December 7 th at 2 p.m. at Pilot Butte Elementary
at 2 p.m. at Pilot Butte Elementary Band Concert- December 7th at 5 p.m. at Pilot Butte Elementary
Rock Springs High School
Winter Town Bash- December 18 th at 6 p.m. at RSHS Tiger Arena
at 6 p.m. at RSHS Tiger Arena Symphonic Band Concert- December 6th at 7 p.m. at Rock Springs High School
Rock Springs Junior High
RSJH/Eastside Choir Concert- December 12 th at 6 p.m. at RSJH Auditorium
at 6 p.m. at RSJH Auditorium Guitar Recital- December 19 th at 6 p.m. at RSJH Auditorium
at 6 p.m. at RSJH Auditorium Band Concert- December 5 th at 7 p.m. at Rock Springs High School
at 7 p.m. at Rock Springs High School RSJH/PBE Choir Concert- December 6th at 6 p.m. at RSJH Auditorium
Sage Elementary
Choir Concert- December 11 th at 2:30 p.m. and 6 p.m. at Sage Elementary Gym
at 2:30 p.m. and 6 p.m. at Sage Elementary Gym Pizza with Principal- December 20 th at 11:25 a.m.-1 p.m. at Sage Elementary
at 11:25 a.m.-1 p.m. at Sage Elementary Classroom Parties- December 21 st at 2:30 p.m. at Sage Elementary
at 2:30 p.m. at Sage Elementary Buffalo Bill Holiday Round-up- December 8th at 2:30 p.m. at Sage Elementary Gym
Stagecoach Elementary
Great Authors Lunch- December 13 th at 11:30 a.m. at Stagecoach Elementary
at 11:30 a.m. at Stagecoach Elementary Title/PTO Winter Wonderland (STEM Night)- December 14 th and 5:30 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. at Stagecoach Elementary
and 5:30 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. at Stagecoach Elementary PBIS Assembly- December 21 st at 2:30 p.m. at Stagecoach Elementary
at 2:30 p.m. at Stagecoach Elementary Christmas Choir Concert- December 7th at 2:30 p.m. and 6 p.m. ay Stagecoach Elementary
Walnut Elementary
Christmas Concert- December 12 th at 6 p.m. at Rock Springs High School Auditorium
at 6 p.m. at Rock Springs High School Auditorium Athletes for Literacy- December 13 th All Day at Walnut Elementary
All Day at Walnut Elementary Buffalo Bill Assembly- December 19 th at 2:30 p.m. at Walnut Elementary
at 2:30 p.m. at Walnut Elementary PTO Movie Night (Santa Visit)- December 19 th at 6 p.m. at Walnut Elementary
at 6 p.m. at Walnut Elementary Assembly and Sing-a-long- December 21st at 1:30 p.m. at Walnut Elementary
Westridge Elementary
PTO Movie Night- December 14 th at 5:30 p.m. at Westridge Elementary School
at 5:30 p.m. at Westridge Elementary School Christmas Sing-a-long- December 20th at 2:30 p.m. at Westridge Elementary School
Getty Image
The NBA announced the full schedules for all 30 teams on Monday night and there are naturally some games that stand out above the rest. There are the massive matchups for Christmas Day and Martin Luther King Jr. Day, as the NBA has made those two holidays into two of the biggest days of the league calendar.
There's also the national TV schedule, which gives priority games to its national broadcast partners that pay billions to the league for the rights to televise the biggest games. That is reflected in the massive number of games featuring the Warriors, Rockets, Cavaliers, Thunder, and Lakers that will be on ESPN, TNT, and ABC next season, but there are also some premier games that don't pit the very best against each other that will still make for must-see TV.
I'm talking about revenge games, that pit either a team against a rival that beat them in the playoffs the year before or a player returning to a former squad where there may be some hurt feelings on one side or the other. Those games also get prime placement, as the league knows that fans love that added bit of emotion. While there won't be anything quite like Kevin Durant's return to Oklahoma City a year ago, there are still a number of great revenge games coming up in the 2017-18 season.
One of the highlights of the US sporting calendar, the NFL Draft, begins on Thursday and promises to be one of the most intriguing in recent memory.
At least eight teams could be in the market for a quarterback in a draft where five are regarded as first-round talents.
The stage is therefore set for a chaotic opening round in Dallas, with teams likely to try to jump ahead of each other to get in the best position to select a quarterback.
That clamour for quarterbacks will push a host of defensive talent down the board to teams fortunate enough to already have an answer under center. In a draft where there is also an exceptional running back prospect in the mix, we try to predict the first round.
Making the case for and against Wyoming QB Josh Allen
📰 » https://t.co/RFYvBsSytJ pic.twitter.com/JZlBRKEejV — Cleveland Browns (@Browns) April 23, 2018
1. Cleveland Browns - QB Sam Darnold, USC: Baker Mayfield and Josh Allen are seemingly also in the discussion for the Browns, but Cleveland instead look to the USC gunslinger to turn the franchise around.
2. New York Giants - RB Saquon Barkley, Penn State: The Giants seem convinced Eli Manning can still succeed at the highest level. That's up for debate, but Barkley is one of the best running backs in a generation and should be a hit in the Big Apple.
3. New York Jets - QB Baker Mayfield, Oklahoma: Speaking of players who should take to the New York spotlight. The brash Oklahoma star can make things happen with both their arm and their legs and can rescue the Jets from QB mediocrity.
Making the case for and against UCLA QB Josh Rosen
📰 » https://t.co/IKhZcLPPPr#BrownsDraft pic.twitter.com/vkoRYsNPUM — Cleveland Browns (@Browns) April 24, 2018
4. Cleveland Browns - EDGE Bradley Chubb, NC State: The Browns spent last year's top choice on another edge rusher in Myles Garrett. They and Chubb would form a frightening tandem.
5. Buffalo Bills (projected trade with Denver Broncos) - QB Josh Allen, Wyoming: The Bills are reportedly enamoured with the most polarising player in the draft. In this scenario they send picks 12 and 22 to the Broncos to land him.
6. Indianapolis Colts - G Quenton Nelson, Notre Dame: Protecting Andrew Luck should be the Colts' top priority. Nelson is a near flawless prospect at guard and can be a foundation of their offensive line for the next decade.
7. Tampa Bay Buccaneers - S Derwin James, Florida State: A continually disappointing Bucs defense is boosted by one of the best athletes in the class who has the ability to excel at safety and linebacker.
8. Chicago Bears - LB Tremaine Edmunds, Virginia Tech: Edmunds is just 19 and has already demonstrated their ability to be a force as a run defender and a pass rusher. This selection should delight Bears defensive coordinator Vic Fangio.
9. New England Patriots (projected trade with San Francisco 49ers) - QB Josh Rosen, UCLA: The Patriots send picks 23 and 31 to the 49ers to land Tom Brady's successor and the most polished QB in the class. The rest of the AFC groans loudly.
10. Oakland Raiders - LB Roquan Smith, Georgia: In most other drafts, Smith would be a top-five pick. They excel near the line of scrimmage and is extremely impressive in pass defense, an area where the Raiders have struggled mightily.
11. Miami Dolphins - QB Lamar Jackson, Louisville: The Dolphins cannot realistically have long-term faith in Ryan Tannehill. They met with Mayfield, but Jackson has even greater upside and can provide a much-needed spark to a dull Dolphins offense.
12. Denver Broncos (projected trade with Buffalo Bills) - CB Denzel Ward, Ohio State: Despite trading back, the Broncos are still able to land a ready-made replacement for Aqib Talib.
Are you ready for the 2018 @NFLDraft?
Because it could be the wildest one in @nflhistory. 😳(via @GMFB) pic.twitter.com/HBJS8u8wKg — NFL (@NFL) April 24, 2018
13. Washington Redskins - DT Vita Vea, Washington: From one Washington to another. Vea to the Redskins is said to be one of the draft's worst-kept secrets. They should be an instant contributor on the interior of the Redskins' defensive line.
14. Green Bay Packers - EDGE Harold Landry, Boston College: The Packers have long since needed pass rush help. Their defense will be much improved if Landry can rediscover their 2016 form.
15. Arizona Cardinals - QB Mason Rudolph, Oklahoma State: With five quarterbacks already off the board, the Cardinals reach for Rudolph and hope they can develop behind Sam Bradford.
16. Baltimore Ravens - S Minkah Fitzpatrick, Alabama: Starting free safety Eric Weddle is 33, drafting a replacement who can play at every spot in the secondary makes sense here.
17. Los Angeles Chargers - T Mike McGlinchey, Notre Dame: Offensive line help is an absolute must for a Chargers team that has for too long wasted continually brilliant quarterback Philip Rivers.
18. Seattle Seahawks - CB Josh Jackson, Iowa: The ball-hawking Jackson fills the void left by Richard Sherman, slotting straight in as a press corner who is a great fit for their cover 3 schemes.
19. Dallas Cowboys - WR Courtland Sutton, SMU: Dak Prescott's receiving options look very thin with Dez Bryant now gone from Dallas. Enter Sutton.
20. Detroit Lions - EDGE Marcus Davenport, UTSA: The Lions hired as a defensive coach in Matt Patricia and give them extra help in the form of Davenport, who has the potential to form a devastating duo with Ezekiel Ansah.
21. Cincinnati Bengals - C Frank Ragnow, Arkansas: A Bengals team in need of help on the interior of the offensive line lands a center many view as the best in the draft.
22. Denver Broncos (projected trade with Buffalo Bills) - G Isaiah Wynn, Georgia: The Broncos need help at both guard and tackle. Wynn can play both.
23. San Francisco 49ers (projected trade with New England Patriots) - EDGE Lorenzo Carter, Georgia: Edge rusher is the 49ers' most pressing need, they bank on the upside of the best athlete at the position.
24. Carolina Panthers - S Justin Reid, Stanford: The Panthers severely lack talent at the safety position and held a visit with Reid, a ball hawk on the back end with five interceptions in 2017.
Browns. Bills. Patriots.
Three teams have multiple first-round picks in the 2018 #NFLDraft.
Here's what each team should do in Round 1 on Thursday: https://t.co/1DpI8COt0t (via @MoveTheSticks + @BuckyBrooks) pic.twitter.com/0L4Dz1zYJK — NFL (@NFL) April 24, 2018
25. Tennessee Titans - EDGE Sam Hubbard, Ohio State: More edge talent gets pushed up the board as the Titans land a defensive end who impressively combines power and athleticism.
26. Atlanta Falcons - DT Taven Bryan, Florida: The Falcons lost Dontari Poe in the offseason and replace them with a defensive tackle adept at creating disruption with their burst off the ball.
27. New Orleans Saints - TE Dallas Goedert, South Dakota State: It's time for the Saints to finally replace Jimmy Graham, they look to Goedert to do that.
28. Pittsburgh Steelers - LB Rashaan Evans, Alabama: Ryan Shazier's injury has left linebacker as a necessity for the Steelers. Evans, the best pass-rushing linebacker in the draft, fits the bill.
29. Jacksonville Jaguars - WR D.J. Moore, Maryland: The Jaguars can feel a lot better about letting Allen Robinson go by adding the most complete receiver in the draft.
30. Minnesota Vikings - G Will Hernandez, UTEP: If the Vikings have a weakness, it's their offensive line. Slotting Hernandez next to talented center Pat Elflein would give that group a much better look.
31. San Francisco 49ers (projected trade with Patriots) - C James Daniels, Iowa: The 49ers spent big on center Weston Richburg in free agency but Daniels is versatile enough to play alongside them at guard while acting as insurance for Richburg.
32. Philadelphia Eagles - RB Sony Michel, Georgia: Jay Ajayi cannot carry the load by himself. Michel can win with power and elusiveness and should prove an extremely useful weapon for Carson Wentz.
LAKELAND, Fla. (WFLA) – A Polk County Sheriff's Office deputy shot and killed a pit bull that was about to attack him.
The shooting happened on Monday, while deputies were responding to a call about a Lakeland Electric employee who was attacked by a pit bull.
Deputies a Lakeland Electric employee was attacked in unincorporated Lakeland near Hardin Combee Road and Fish Hatchery Road before the deputy arrived.
On Tuesday, Linda Dionne, covered in bandages and only able to one arm, spoke about the attack, and to the deputy who they said saved their lives.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW
>> back to WFLA.com for more top stories
Nigeria Moves To Stop Evasion Of Taxes By Major Companies
The Federal Government of Nigerian on Wednesday announced that plans are underway to stop major companies from evading tax.
To achieve this, the Federal Executive Council granted permission to the Ministry of Finance to sign a multilateral convention to implement tax treaty related matters to prevent base erosion and profit shifting.
Base erosion and profit shifting is a situation where the profit that was made in Nigeria using accounting methods is shifted to a country that has little or no tax.
The decision to sign the convention was taken at a meeting of the council presided over by the Acting President, Yemi Osinbajo, at the Presidential Villa, Abuja.
The disclosure was made by the Minister of Finance, Kemi Adeosun, while speaking with State House correspondents after the meeting.
They said, “In simple language, this administration is very focused on revenue generation and mobilisation and part of that work is to improve our tax collection. “One of the means by which major companies evade tax is a practice called base erosion and profit shifting which means that the profit that was made in Nigeria using accounting methods is shifted it to a country that has little or no tax. “So really the country in which profit was generated doesn't get tax, they go and declare those profits in a country that has very low tax. “There is a contact among the G20 countries and the OECD to end this and Nigeria was part of those who negotiated this convention and today council gave us permission to go and sign the conventions.”
The post Nigeria Moves To Stop Evasion Of Taxes By Major Companies appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
MISSISSAUGA, Ont. — Albert Michnac had two goals and two assists as the Mississauga Steelheads defeated the Sudbury Wolves 5-4 for their first win of the season on Friday night in Ontario Hockey League action.
Michnac knocked in the game-winning power-play goal for the Steelheads at 1:18 of the third period.
Cole Schwindt, Trent Fox and Ryan McLeod also scored for Mississauga (1-4-0).
Dmitry Sokolov, Blake Murray, Dawson Baker and Cole Candella supplied the offence for the Wolves (1-4-2).
Emanuel Vella made 25 saves for the win in net. Jake McGrath stopped 22 shots in defeat.
The Steelheads were 3 for 5 on the power play and Sudbury was 2 for 6.
—
FRONTENACS 6 FIREBIRDS 3
KINGSTON, Ont. — Sam Field and Brett Neumann each struck twice as the Frontenacs toppled Flint.
Eemeli Rasanen and Jason Robertson had the others for Kingston (5-1-0).
Ty Dellandrea, Ryan Moore and Max Kislinger scored for the Firebirds (3-2-0).
Jeremy Helvig kicked out 33 shots for Kingston. Luke Cavallin made 30 saves for Flint.
—
67'S 4 PETES 3 (SO)
OTTAWA — Sasha Chmelevski scored twice in regulation and again in the shootout as the 67's topped Peterborough.
Austen Keating also found the back of the net for Ottawa (3-3-1). Olivier Tremblay turned away 19 shots.
Zach Gallant, Semyon Der-Arguchintsev and Nikita Korostelev had goals for the Petes (3-2-1). Dylan Wells made 38 saves in defeat.
—
SPITFIRES 2 STORM 1
GUELPH, Ont. — Aaron Luchuk had the game-winning goal for Windsor in the second period and Michael DiPietro turned aside 45 shots as the Spitfires edged the Storm.
Daniel D'Amico also scored for Windsor (4-1-1).
Ryan Merkley scored for Guelph (2-2-1) and Anthony Popovich stopped 26 shots.
—
STING 4 COLTS 1
SARNIA, Ont. — Adam Ruzicka struck twice and Justin Fazio stopped 31 shots as the Sting defeated Barrie.
Jordan Ernst supplied the game-winning goal for Sarnia (5-1-0) in the second period and Theo Calvas had the other.
Zachary Magwood scored for the Colts (4-2-1) and Leo Lazarev made 27 saves.
—
RANGERS 5 OTTERS 3
KITCHENER, Ont. — Giovanni Vallati had a power-play goal in the second period that gave the Rangers a 4-0 lead and they held on for a win over Erie.
Jake Henderson, Riley Damiani, Adam Mascherin and Joseph Garreffa rounded out the attack for Kitchener (4-1-1).
Patrick Fellows, Kyle Maksimovich and Joseph Mack scored for the Otters (1-4-1).
Anthony Dumont-Bouchard turned away 30 shots for the Rangers. Anand Oberoi combined with Troy Timpano for 23 saves for Erie.
—
ICEDOGS 5 GENERALS 4 (OT)
OSHAWA, Ont. — Matthew Philip scored the overtime winner as Niagara edged the Generals.
Ben Jones scored twice in regulation for the IceDogs (4-2-0), who also got goals from Danial Singer and Ian Martin.
Kenny Huether, Allan McShane, Domenico Commisso and Kyle MacLean chipped in for Oshawa (3-2-1).
Stephen Dhillon turned away 22 shots for Niagara. Logan Gauthier made 29 saves for the Generals.
—
GREYHOUNDS 4 KNIGHTS 1
LONDON, Ont. — Boris Katchouk had a pair of goals to lift Sault Ste. Marie over the Knights.
Jack Kopacka and Hayden Verbeek supplied the rest of the offence for the Greyhounds (5-1-1).
Josh Nelson scored the lone goal for London (1-5-0).
HOUSTON (AP) — A security researcher disclosed a gaping security hole at the outfit that manages Georgia's election technology, days before the state holds a closely watched congressional runoff vote on June 20.
The security failure left the state's 6.7 million voter records and other sensitive files exposed to hackers, and may have been left unpatched for seven months. The revealed files might have allowed attackers to plant malware and possibly rig votes or wreak chaos with voter rolls during elections.
Georgia is especially vulnerable to such disruption, as the entire state relies on antiquated touchscreen voting machines that provide no hardcopy record of votes, making it all but impossible to tell if anyone has manipulated the tallies.
The true dimensions of the failure were first reported Wednesday by Politico Magazine . The affected Center for Election Systems referred all questions to its host, Kennesaw State University, which declined comment. In March, the university had mischaracterized the flaw's discovery as a security breach.
Logan Lamb, a 29-year-old Atlanta-based private security researcher formerly with Oak Ridge National Laboratory, made the discovery last August. They told The Associated Press they decided to go public after the publication last week of a classified National Security Agency report describing a sophisticated scheme, allegedly by Russian military intelligence, to infiltrate local U.S. elections systems using phishing emails.
The NSA report offered the most detailed account yet of an attempt by foreign agents to probe the rickety and poorly funded U.S. elections system. The Department of Homeland Security had previously reported attempts last year to gain unauthorized access to voter registration databases in 20 states — one of which, in Illinois, succeeded, though the state says no harm resulted.
It also emboldened Lamb to come forward with their findings. Lamb discovered the security hole — a misconfigured server — one day as they did a search of the Kennesaw State election-systems website. There, they found a directory open to the internet that contained not just the state voter database, but PDF files with instructions and passwords used by poll workers to sign in to a central server used on Election Day, said Lamb.
"It was an open invitation to anybody pretending to even know a little bit about computers to get into the system," said Marilyn Marks, an election-transparency activist whose Colorado-based foundation participated in a failed lawsuit that sought to bar the use of paperless voting machines in next week's election.
The directory of files "was already indexed by Google," Lamb said in an interview — meaning that anyone could have found it with the right search. Lamb said they notified the center's director, Merle King, who assured them the hole would be patched and who asked to keep their discovery to himself.
Politico reported that the center never notified the secretary of state's office, which oversees elections and contracts with Kennesaw State to manage the technology part. The Associated Press left a phone message and sent email to King seeking comment but they did not immediately respond.
Lamb said they decided not to disclose the problem at the time — mostly because they "didn't want to needlessly escalate things" prior to the Nov. 8 general election. But in March, a security colleague Lamb had told about the flaw, checked out the center's website and discovered that the vulnerabilities had only been partially fixed.
"We were both pretty floored," said Lamb.
The researcher, Chris Grayson, said he, too, was able to access the same voter record database and other sensitive files in a publicly accessible directory. Grayson contacted a friend who is a professor at Kennesaw State. Two days later, the FBI was called in to investigate.
It did not bring charges against either researcher, finding no evidence of illegal entry . "At the end of the day we were doing what we thought was in the best interest of the republic — informing the parties that needed to be privy to this sort of issue," said Grayson.
The special election next Tuesday will fill the seat vacated by Republican Tom Price after they were named Health and Human Services Secretary. It has attracted national attention, including that of President Donald Trump, for whom it could be a bellwether.
First-time candidate Jon Ossoff is a Democrat with a national security background. Their GOP opponent is former Georgia Secretary of State Karen Handel.
In just under a month, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will wed at Windsor Castle in what is sure to be a fantastic, star-studded affair. As royals fans eagerly await the big day, the one question on everyone's mind is what role Harry's famous family, specifically their sister-in-law, Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, will play in the highly-anticipated nuptials.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The short answer? Probably not a big one.
According to royals expert and author, Marlene Koenig, we shouldn't even expect to see Kate in the bridal party. Mostly because, as Koenig puts it, "the Duchess of Cambridge barely knows Meghan."
"For another, they are the future queen consort when William becomes king after their father, and would unlikely be an attending person to another royal bride," says Koenig.
"Frankly, Harry and Meghan are just happy that Kate will be there given they will only just have given birth," a source told Vanity Fair. "They have told them there is no pressure on them to do anything, they just want them to enjoy the day."
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's engagement photos. Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Since the roles of maid of honor and bridesmaid are generally reserved for single ladies, the only title Kate could hold, if they were to participate in the wedding party, is matron of honor. It's essentially the same as a maid of honor, except "matron" refers to a married woman. "But it's unlikely for Catherine to do this," says Koenig. "She was not a matron of honor, even at their sister's wedding."
Pippa and Kate after their wedding on May 20, 2017 in Englefield Green, England. Getty Images Max Mumby/Indigo/Getty Images
Indeed, Kate chose to forgo the honor, so as not to overshadow Pippa on their big day in May 2017. “Kate would upstage their sister,” veteran royals author Judy Wade told People magazine prior to the wedding in 2016. “It's a tricky situation for Pippa. They would want their sister by their side, as who else would they trust to make things go well? But if your sister is a future Queen, they are going to upstage the bride and draw attention. Kate would want to be in the background as much as possible.”
Kate will also likely wish to stay out of the spotlight during Harry and Meghan's wedding.
However, Kate and William's adorable children, Charlotte and George, will make an appearance.
Getty Images Mike Marsland/WireImage
"It is very likely that Prince George and Princess Charlotte of Cambridge will be a page boy and a bridesmaid," says Koenig. "Anyone else is a guess."
In Britain, the bride goes down the aisle first, followed by their attendants or bridesmaids and page boys holding the train.
At Kate's wedding in 2011, their train was carried by Pippa, who served as their bridesmaid and wore a neckline-plunging, form-fitting ivory Alexander McQueen gown that nearly broke the Internet.
Prince George and Princess Charlotte at Pippa's wedding. Getty Images Max Mumby/Indigo/Getty Images
Other possibilities for Harry and Meghan's wedding party, at least from the groom's side of the family, include Harry's first cousins, Lady Louise Windsor and their brother Viscount Severn, as well as the children of their two first cousins, Mia Tindall (whose mother is Zara Phillips) and Savannah and Isla Phillips (the daughters of Peter Phillips).
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
As for Markle's family, the former actor only has one sibling, their estranged half-sister, Samantha, who has reportedly been working on a memoir about their family, titled The Diary of Princess Pushy's Sister and unsurprisingly doesn't appear to be invited.
Our thoughts on who else will be invited to the royal wedding, right this way.
NYON, Switzerland — AC Milan's hunt for the only European title it lacks will continue against Ludogorets Razgrad in the last 32 of the Europa League.
With Milan currently seventh in Serie A, the Champions League place awarded to the Europa League winner could be the best chance for the seven-time European champion to return to the elite competition.
Atletico Madrid, the 2010 and 2012 Europa League winner, was drawn to face Copenhagen after placing third in its Champions League group. Napoli will play Leipzig in a pairing of two more teams which dropped down from the Champions League.
Also, it was: Celtic vs. Zenit St. Petersburg; Ostersund vs. Arsenal; and Astana vs. Sporting Lisbon.
The first legs will be played on Feb. 15, with the return games on Feb. 22.
CRAWFORD COUNTY, IN (WAVE) - An Indiana State Trooper went above and beyond their Call of Duty Tuesday morning when they drove a young mother's car to the hospital.
The young mother, Kaitlyn Wood, 19, of Seymour, IN, and their newborn child were driving on I-64 west, near the 95 mile marker, when Wood hydroplaned and drove off the roadway.
Indiana State Police Sergeant George Wooten responded to the call. Wood and their child were taken to Harrison County Hospital via ambulance as a precautionary measure. That's when Sgt. Wooten drove Wood's vehicle to the hospital for them
Sgt. Wooten explained the vehicle was drivable and since Wood wasn't a local resident transportation for them and the newborn would have been an issue. Wooten also explained being a young parent is tough enough as it is and they wanted to save Wood a couple hundred dollars for a tow bill.
MORE ON WAVE3.COM
+ Parking directions released for graduations at the Kentucky Expo Center
+ ISP investigating fatal crash in Washington County
+ Multiple people injured in explosion at UPS in Kentucky
Wood and their newborn were treated and released from the Harrison County Hospital. They're expected to be just fine.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
These last few months have really tested me. It's felt as though I've been undergoing open-heart-surgery. The worst moment of all, so far, was the other night when I picked up my father after not seeing them for several weeks. I'm struggling with finding words to adequately express how it feels.
If I had to try harder, it would be the sum of emotion that floods your being when you feel things. in. your. bones. and when your soul is stirring. Like when you feel as though you. are. on. fire. Or when your heart couldn't be heavier. When your mind is racing to beat light or when your breath is violently arrhythmic. When you can hear your own heartbeat over surrounding chaos & noise, or the feeling of swallowing your heart in the name of composure when you think somebody else's hope is teetering in the space between you. When you notice a vein twitch in your eyelid or your neck or when your voice trembles while breathing deeply. Like feeling an earth-shattering sense of personal injustice for the first time all over again or when something/someone irreplaceable and of immeasurable importance to you – is being taken from you while you are forced to watch.
I've never been as angry at, or disturbed by, or inconsolably heartbroken with, or completely overtaken with determination to uproot this entire oppressive system – the dumpster fire we call capitalism – as I am listening to my father reeaaaally cry.
Not cry, sob.
Sob uncontrollably while they described to me: why he's using heroin, where they sometimes have to sleep, how they keep warm outside on cold nights, what kind of existential pain they try to cope with, the humiliation and confusion that comes when people treat you like your invisible, their frustration with the lack of BASIC services for them and others as they witness more and more people enter life on the streets, the times they feel truly alone, the moments that allow them to sigh with relief at the kindness of strangers with a couple of dollars to spare after days of “panhandling” or the rare safety they experience in emergency rooms, the shock they get when other houseless people and/or addicts offer their own coats, blankets, or food, the ways they are stripped of their dignity on a daily basis, when others mistake their kindness (in the face of bullshit) for weakness as when most recently some desperate soul swindled my dad out of the holiday gifts they cobbled together for my siblings and I, the constant loss they experience when their bags of clothes and hygienic items are stolen out of bushes they hide them in when they just physically can't carry them any longer, why riding in a car or bus is a treat, the last time they had a real cooked meal in a house or restaurant, how they fear getting too worked up ALL THE TIME so they don't induce themselves into having another stroke or another heart attack (he just had a heart attack during Christmas) especially when they don't have the medications they need consistently, the fear of their life ending before they can meet any future grandchildren or how he'll never get to apologize to the ones they hurt or disappointed and the possibility of passing before their own mother, the way they describe how life turned out so much differently than they imagined it would be at age 61, the decisions they make when helplessness sets in and how they like many others have found themselves playing with fire just to stay warm, how crippling stress of police encounters as a precarious older dark skinned man causes disorientation and panic attacks, how they feel, at many times, that there is nowhere for them to legally or safely EXIST, how ALONE they feel, how they quietly wish for death in their sleep and the simultaneous worry of nobody knowing he's gone.
All of that somehow temporarily bleeds away like a bad dream when I see their face when he's served a hot meal, or when they drift into a warm nap in my car, or the gut rumbling sigh they take when putting on dry socks, or how when they are still able to mention a happier time and memory from my childhood with a tone in their voice that I can remember well.
This whole experience has tilted the prism through which I see the world and what I thought I know.
In addition to learning and practicing new levels of empathy, of expectations, of boundaries, of limitations, and altogether reshaping what I understand about progress – I know that I can't make it just go away no matter how much of my life energy is spent trying, for them or the countless stories of others languishing in the spectrum of poverty (that most humans on this planet are currently experiencing).
It's one of the hardest parts. The act of accepting that I don't have much control over fixing this. As somebody who spends most of my time working with others towards solutions to problems, this is unbearable. The long list of state sponsored obstacles that impede folks from getting services, holistic rehabilitation, or a sense of light at the end of the tunnel in a system that wasn't built for people like them – makes me want to tear it all down.
If I had the resources to expedite the process of their rehabilitation myself, I'd STILL be triggered by the thousands of others I see suffering in the streets and the inescapable knowledge of the thousands more in their cars or on somebodies couch or the millions more working for table scraps while being merely one missed paycheck away from the beginning of a tragically similar or worse situation (those of us known as “the precariat”).
It's inescapable. Because we are living in the richest country in the history of the planet in a time when scarcity of resources couldn't be a bigger lie. The idea that sends me rocketing into astronomical heights of these feelings with enough motivation to punch holes in the damn atmosphere is that SO many of us KNOW that we can put an end to poverty, hunger and a dramatic degree of completely avoidable human suffering with some democratic restructuring of our priorities.
I know precisely why this happens. Many of us see it. There's a great deal of time spent in my life learning how the conditions of this reality could be different and why they have to be – and unambiguously fighting against those inhumane conditions – because there is nothing natural about the way our current system pervades human nature and sustainability of life on this planet.
2,700,000,000 on less than $2/day & 1,300,000,000 people live in abject poverty, meanwhile the 8 richest people own as much wealth as the 50% of the world when the bottom 90% only own 15% of the global wealth. This factual slice just scratches the surface of what I mean. Think about it.
Over & over again I'm reminded how I can't live a life of seeking comfort or asylum from the cruel ways in which this current arrangement of resource allocation or how we've been taught to treat each other…AFFECTS PEOPLE in horrific ways. I've failed at running from it. I'm exhausted by the thought of wasting any MORE time hiding from some of these pretty inconvenient truths. Sometimes I get sick to my stomach when I realize how I'm bending over backwards to distract myself from it. Sometimes I agonize through pain when it catches up to me while I attempt to dilute my time with the fake coping mechanisms that I was taught in order to unrealistically deal with how overwhelmingly scary things in this world get when you expose yourself to them, make yourself acutely aware of them, and most of all allow yourself to be vulnerable towards them. To be open hearted in the face of it. To spite it! The lies I remember telling myself to get through the day haunt me. Which is why I'm at a point of trying to deal with it as directly as possible and head on.
Thankfully, I do not feel directionless in my efforts or lost in the sea of emotion that this brings. I've come to understand my father's condition and others in relatable circumstances as products of an unhealthy environment and of a sick system that deprives instead of nourishes – it's not a tragic mystery that is merely a consequence of a series of bad decisions or weakness on an individual level – but rather systematic result of what this system creates. It creates more of this on a global scale much faster than it's capable of fixing it.
Nothing can really prepare you for this kind of giant fucking tidal wave of shit. It's humbling and at times debilitating. I deal with knowing that “it could be me” and the constant worry/just the reminder of how non/dysfunctional my dad has become. It's harder for me to think about how this impacts my family. It's an unbelievable energy/emotional/mental/financial drain of a roller coaster and I can't get off yet.
People like my father or people who end up in similar circumstances as they have, for me is just MORE mounting evidence of the monstrous conditions we're subjected to under this rotten system. Besides all of the emotionally crushing parts of this on the ground floor and the suffering of it all + the inescapable reminder of how much worse it gets for others than this, is just such a gut punch. This whole situation for me is just more and more an indictment of capitalism and the poverty & sickness & helplessness it creates. I can't escape the thought that capitalism is killing my father.
Hopefully we'll have some kind of accessible long-term counseling+drug treatment+housing program lined up for them soon, but in the meantime this is the most time I've spent with them in years and it's eye opening to say the least. Their very survival with all of the serious health issues they have let's me know that people are capable of some pretty amazing things. AND that there's a lot worth fighting for.
There are movements of amazing people across the globe – all around us – awaiting our energy and engagement in the effort of completely transforming our society so we make sure that one day this never happens again. Participating is the least I can do. It seriously gives me life. I'd be lost without the perspective it brings. If there is anything I hope from those of you reading this it's that you get involved in building social movements, understanding them, and supporting those around you who are already, the best way you can. They're the engine of history and the only constructive way out of this.
On MLK day, I was driving them from an appointment to get food and to come up with a plan for where they were going to sleep that night before getting caught off guard by traffic in the central district. We were stopped by the MLK March that I had been planning on going to as I do every year in recent memory. So I parked and when my dad asked why I explained what the commotion was all about. I had almost forgotten what day it was because of how overwhelmed I had been.
They told me at first that they aren't feeling very well but then they did something they hadn't done in a long time – they surprised me – they got out of the car and said we should catch up to the march because they had always wanted to participate. I hadn't slept much at all for weeks leading up to this day and you can see it in my face, what you can't see is how fucking stoked I was. That was without a doubt one of thee most meaningful days I'lI ever have.
All I could think about was these words: “Another world is not only possible, they are on their way. On a quiet day, I can hear them breathing.”
– Arundhati Roy
Love & Solidarity
Solidarity>Charity
Love=Justice
Originally a Facebook post, also published at the South Seattle Emerald
Refuting common harmful myths about trans and gender-nonconforming people. Donate to order this gift now!
A critical analysis of Trumpism in the context of longer-term trends. Donate to order this gift now!
BARWON HEADS, Australia — Australian Minjee Lee shot a 2-over 75 Saturday and held on to a one-stroke lead at the Vic Open, the first tournament of the year on the Ladies European Tour.
Lee had a three-round total of 7-under 212, one better than fellow Australian Karis Davidson, who shot 67 Saturday.
Cheyenne Woods, niece of Tiger Woods, rebounded from a second-round 80 to shoot 69 and was five strokes behind Lee and tied for fifth.
At a PGA of Australia Tour men's event held alongside the women's tournament, Australian Simon Hawkes held a one-stroke lead after a 64.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
A Somali police officer says a suicide bomber detonated an explosives-laden vehicle at a security checkpoint near Mogadishu's international airport, killing at least three people.
Capt. Mohamed Hussein says the bomb detonated Monday as security forces were searching cars at the checkpoint, a few hundred meters (yards) from the main base of the African Union peacekeeping mission.
The checkpoint is close to United Nations offices and the Peace Hotel, which is often frequented by foreigners and officials. The powerful blast blew roofs off nearby buildings.
A second blast and heavy gunfire could be heard at the checkpoint after the attack, but there were no immediate details.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack. However, the al-Qaida linked Islamic extremist group al-Shabab often carries out such attacks.
Despite being ousted from most of its key strongholds across large parts of south and central Somalia, the group continues to wage deadly attacks across the country.
Somalia's capital has seen frequent bomb attacks at hotels and military checkpoints. In July, two al-Shabab suicide bombers detonated explosives-laden cars outside the office of the U.N.'s mine-clearing agency and an army checkpoint near the African Union's main base, killing 13.
The assaults have threatened this Horn of Africa nation's attempts to rebuild from decades of chaos. The country's presidential election, a key step toward recovery, already has been delayed multiple times because of security and other concerns.
How to bring down high interest rate — MAN
By Franklin Alli & Naomi Uzor
MANUFACTURERS Association of Nigeria, MAN, has said that right regulatory policies by the Central Bank of Nigeria can bring down high interest rate in the country to five per cent from the current charges of 25- 30 perccent by Deposit Money Banks, DMBs.
Addressing the Senate Committee on Banking, Insurance and Other Financial Institutions headed by Senator Rafiu Ibrahim, MAN noted that the current high lending and interest rate in the country were not business friendly to stakeholders in the manufacturing sector of the economy.
In their presentation entitled ‘Addressing the high interest rate in Nigeria'to the Senate Panel in Abuja, Dr. Frank Udemba Jacobs, President of MAN, said,“The way forward for a single digit lending rate in Nigeria as obtained in countries like Japan, Malaysia, Botswana, Ethiopia, etc, is right regulatory policies from the monetary authority, CBN.
“Experience has shown that since the post structural adjustment programme market reforms in the 80s, lending rate has been on the upward trend. Manufacturers and other real sector operators are of the view that the high lending rates in the country are not business friendly.
High rate of default
“Lending rates at present vary between 15 and 30 per cent (excluding other ancillary charges), which is considered as excessive for a developing economy like ours that is in dire need for development. Such excessive high interest rate regime is a great albatross on businesses particularly those in the small and medium categories, which in the medium to the long run encourages high rate of default in loan repayments. This is contrary to what is obtainable in developed economies of the world where lending rates are in single digit range.”
According to him, in view of the expeditious need to move the economy of Nigeria forward and create opportunities for inclusive growth, MAN believes that a lending rate of five per cent per annum is quite apt. They maintained that towards achieving this goal, there is need to critically examine the following with a view to putting them in the right perspective:
Jacobs said,“CBN should come out with clearly defined and compelling policy on interest rate and other charges. Banks should not be allowed to hide under market liberalization in piling up plethora of charges on borrowers which may back-fire in terms of delinquent loans.
“Exploring the bond market for long term fund for on-lending to the real sector operators who need such kind of fund to nurture businesses with long gestation period will be a welcome development. The activity of the Debt Management Office in deepening the bond market in the country is commendable. A recent survey by IMF showed that Nigeria's sub-national bond market yield performance has outclassed South Africa's and the rest of the continent in terms of yield.
“Governments at all levels should continue to improve the enabling environment for competitive industrialization, rapid infrastructural development, good regulatory regimes, and other development indicators. Putting an end to the epileptic public power supply, for instance, will go a long way in drastically reducing the operating cost of businesses including banks.”
“This will need governmental intervention as a form of subsidizing production and not consumption for the obvious reason of increasing agricultural and industrial capacities and the consequential effect of massive employment creation, poverty reduction, export expansion, social stability and even increased government tax revenue,” they added.
The post How to bring down high interest rate — MAN appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — A suspect in the surprise-attack shooting deaths of two men in Kansas City, Missouri, is now charged in a woman's killing.
Prosecutors on Friday charged 22-year-old Fredrick Demond Scott of Kansas City with first-degree murder and armed criminal action in the shooting death of 64-year-old Karen Harmeyer of Grandview.
The indictment didn't include details of the death but KCTV reports an officer was called in July to investigate a dead body. Once the officer arrived, witnesses told them about Harmeyer, who lived in woods behind a church.
The officer entered the campsite and found their decomposed body inside a tent.
Scott previously was charged in two killings and is a person of interest in three others. All those victims were older white men. Scott is black.
The men were shot in surprise attacks, some near recreation trails.
——
Information from: The Kansas City Star, http://www.kcstar.com
KANSAS CITY, Kan. — Two maintenance workers at a Kansas water park where a 10-year-old boy was decapitated on a waterslide were indicted Wednesday for obstruction of justice.
David Hughes, maintenance supervisor at the Schlitterbahn Water Park in Kansas City, and John Zalsman, a maintenance worker, pleaded not guilty during a first appearance in Wyandotte County Court.
Caleb Schwab was killed while riding the 17-story Verruckt waterslide on Aug. 7, 2016. The park's co-owner and the designer of the ride have also been indicted in their death.
The latest indictment involves whether a brake mat meant to slow the rafts on the Verruckt was repaired after it allegedly fell off on July 28, 2016, just days before Caleb was killed, The Kansas City Star reported .
Authorities allege that Hughes and Zalsman told agents with the Kansas Bureau of Investigation that the brake mat was never on the ride after Verruckt opened in 2014. However, a rider's GoPro camera showed the brake mat was in place on June 10, 2016, 18 days before it allegedly fell off, according to the indictment.
A third maintenance worker, who was not charged in Wednesday's indictment, changed their story about the brake mat after seeing the video. They told agents that Hughes and Tyler Miles, a former director of operations for the water park who is also facing charges, were responsible for telling maintenance crews to make repairs, according to the indictment.
Assistant Kansas attorney general Adam Zentner described the new charges as a “very isolated incident.” They said evidence in their matter involved “substantially reduced evidence” compared to other defendants previously charged in Schwab's death.
Hughes and Zalsman were released from custody on $10,000 bonds. They and their attorneys did not comment after leaving the courtroom.
Schlitterbahn said officials had no reason to believe any employee obstructed justice.
“John and Dave have decades of experience in maintenance and are respected professionals on our maintenance team,” Schlitterbahn spokesperson Winter Prosapio said in a statement. “With the help of men and women like John and Dave, we run a safe operation and know that this was a tragic accident. We stand behind our staff and the safety of our park.”
The most serious charges have been filed against Schlitterbahn co-owner Jeff Henry, Verruckt designer John Schooley and general contractor Henry & Sons Constructions. Each is charged with second-degree murder, aggravated battery and aggravated endangerment of a child. They have all pleaded not guilty.
Miles is charged with involuntary manslaughter, aggravated battery and endangerment of a child, as well as obstruction of law enforcement. Miles was accused of not providing evidence to law enforcement and covering up evidence of previous rider injuries. Miles also has pleaded not guilty.
——
Information from: The Kansas City Star, http://www.kcstar.com
Meet Cora, the Flying Taxi from Larry Page's Kitty Hawk
Autonomous flying taxis just took one big step forward to leaping off the pages of science fiction and into the real world, thanks to Google co-founder Larry Page's Kitty Hawk.
The billionaire-backed firm has announced that it will begin the regulatory approval process required for launching its autonomous passenger-drone system in New Zealand, after conducting secret testing under the cover of another company called Zephyr Airworks.
The firm's two-person craft, called Cora, is a 12-rotor plane-drone hybrid that can take off vertically like a drone, but then uses a propeller at the back to fly at up to 110 miles an hour for around 62 miles at a time. The all-electric Cora flies autonomously up to 914 meters (3,000ft) above ground, has a wingspan of 11 meters, and has been eight years in the making.
"Designing an air taxi for everyday life means bringing the airport to you. That's why Cora can take off and land like a helicopter, eliminating the need for runways," says Kitty Hawk. "Cora has the potential to transform spaces like rooftops and parking lots into places to take off right from your neighborhood."
Kitty Hawk is personally financed by Page and is being run by former Google autonomous director Sebastian Thrun. The company is trying to beat Uber and others to launching an autonomous flying taxi service.
The company hopes to have official certification and to have launched a commercial service within three years, which will make it the first to do so. But its achievement will also propel New Zealand to the front of the pack as the first country to devise a certification process. The country's aviation authority is well respected in the industry, and is seen as pioneering.
Kitty Hawk is already working on an app and technology to allow customers to hail flying taxis as they would an Uber, but whether Page, Thrun and their team will actually be able to deliver within three years remains to be seen.
Many companies have promised great leaps but failed to deliver meaningful progress towards a Jetsons-like future, from Uber's Elevate to China's Ehang.
Even if Kitty Hawk hits all its projected milestones and launches commercially, there's then the matter of persuading people to actually use it.
"Cora will combine self-flying software with expert human supervision, so you can enjoy the ride," says the company, which has fitted three independent flight systems, made the rotors operate independently and given Cora a parachute in case things go wrong.
© 2018 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Kitty Hawk Corporation/Cora official website; Photo © 2018 Richard Lord.
May Interest You:
New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
LEXINGTON, Ky. — Kentucky will play in the Bahamas for the first time since 2014 during an eight-day August trip featuring four games against professional teams.
The Wildcats will arrive in Aug. 6 at Atlantis on Paradise Island to train before facing the Bahamas' national team and San Lorenzo de Almagra on Aug. 8-9 respectively. They will also play Mega Bemax and Team Toronto on Aug. 11-12. It will mark their first preseason foreign trip since going 5-1 in the islands before winning their first 38 games and reaching the Final Four.
Kentucky coach John Calipari is trying to fill their roster but said in a release Tuesday that taking another young squad to practice and play pro teams in the Bahamas “will give our guys an early idea of how hard this is going to be.”
——
For more AP college basketball coverage: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP–Top25
The North, Nigerians Will Vote For Buhari In 2019 Even If They Are On Wheelchair – Northern Leader
Mohammed Alhaji Yakubu is a member of the National Executive Committee of Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF), a socio-cultural and pressure group for northern Nigeria. They were also the youth leader of the defunct Northern Union (NU) which was headed by late Olusola Saraki, the political godfather of Kwara state politics.
In this exclusive interview, the ACF Chieftain said they believe the North would gladly support President Muhammadu Buhari, come 2019, even if they were running the country from a wheelchair.
Excerpts from the interview…
Do you agree with some Nigerians who are saying that Buhari should resign from office because of their ill health?
I will not advise them to resign. You will recall that when former President Olusegun Obasanjo was asking the then ailing President Umaru Musa Yar'Adua to resign, I granted an interview to your newspaper, as the youth leader of Northern Union, telling Nigerians that even on wheelchair, we will support Yar'Adua to rule the country. Unfortunately they died. I am also making the same statement today that Buhari should not resign, even if they are on wheelchair, North and people of Nigeria will vote them in 2019. I am not just associating myself with Buhari, I am advocating for good governance under President Buhari.
I don't think that it is proper for anybody to humiliate Buhari out of office by mounting pressure on them to resign. It is not fair; it is not just, it is not proper. We have election time table, if you don't like him, vote them out during the election, but I will not support anybody that will want to humiliate the President out of office. As long as they are alive, it is not right to demand of them to resign.
The post The North, Nigerians Will Vote For Buhari In 2019 Even If They Are On Wheelchair – Northern Leader appeared first on Ngyab.
This post was syndicated from Ngyab. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Championships have increased the overall prize money for the 7th year in the row, to a whopping £34 million
Wimbledon have increased their overall prize money for the 7th year in the row, to a whopping total of £34 million. The figure is a £2.4 million increase from last year's total of £31.6 million.
Advertisement
The 7.6 per cent increase also ensures that Wimbledon remains one of the most lucrative tennis grand slams in the world.
How much will the Champions of Wimbledon win?
Competitors in the single titles category have the potential to earn the most. Winners of this year's Wimbledon singles titles (men's and women's) will each pocket a record £2.25 million in prize money, while runners-up in the singles title will also take home £1.125 million each.
For each stage you earn a significant chunk more. If you get through from the second round to the fourth round you'll take home an extra £100,000, with a jump from £63,000 to £163,000. At the third round there's a cool £100,000 on offer. Quarter-finalists win £281,000, and semi-finalists pocket £562,000.
Winners in the doubles titles will each receive a cheque for £450,000, while the runners-up will also win £225,000.
How much do you earn for competing at all?
Even qualifying for a singles title at Wimbledon is lucrative, as competitors who reach the first round of the singles titles know that they're entitled to at least £39,000 each – even if they fall at the first hurdle. There's no prize for the first round of the doubles titles, but there's £11,500 each on offer at the second round.
What about the other titles?
Winners in the Wheelchair event take home £40,000. Competitors must get through to the quarter-finals for the chance of winning any cash – in this case, £8,500.
Mixed Doubles champions get £110,000 for their trouble while the runner's up take home £55,000.
For a full break down of Wimbledon 2018's prize money click here.
Advertisement
Wimbledon 2018 will be as usual screened by the BBC, who are screening the tournament in Ultra HD for the first time. This year's Championships are held from Monday 2nd July – Sunday 15th July.
Law enforcement officials canvassed an entire residential area Monday, Aug. 14, in the search for 15-year-old Jasmine Block, who went missing late Tuesday, Aug. 8, from their home in a mobile home park on North McKay Avenue.
"We searched the entire neighborhood, went to every residence, searched underneath and around all the trailers there just to make sure," said Alexandria Police Chief Rick Wyffels. "We're following leads that aren't panning out so far and we will continue to do so."
Late last week, the search was expanded to include a fly-over by a plane from the Minnesota State Patrol.
On Friday, Aug. 11, members of the Alexandria Fire Department and Douglas County Sheriff's Office joined the Alexandria police for a foot search of a gravel pit area near their home.
Alexandria Police Capt. Scott Kent said there was no specific reason to believe Block had gone to the gravel pit area, but its proximity to their home and evidence that the area has been visited by others made it a logical place to search.
The Douglas County Sheriff's Office also conducted a water search on Aug. 11 at a channel between Lake Cowdry and Lake Darling along the Central Lakes Trail.
Family and friends of Jasmine organized searches of areas where Jasmine may have gone. Those included Lake Burgen and Viking Speedway, both spots where Jasmine's late father used to take them The Central Lakes Trail has also been searched extensively.
According to Wyffels, no detail is too small in a case with so little information, like this one.
"Just don't ignore anything is the big trick," they said. "Make sure that even though it may seem small or trivial, follow it through anyway. And you just document everything you're doing so you're not running yourself in circles. You keep a flowchart of everything that's going on and involve multiple people."
In missing person cases, leads can sometimes trickle off as time passes, which Wyffels says can make it even more difficult to work the case.
"If we run out of all leads and no one calls and there's nothing to go on, those are very frustrating things," Wyffels said. "But the point is the door to information is always open. We'll continue to search, we'll continue to listen, we'll continue to pay attention."
Additional information
Jasmine is described as white with a tan complexion, 5-foot-1, 110 lbs, with brown curly hair. According to fliers, they have a recent bruise near the right side of their ribcage, scars on their left arm, a scar on their left ankle and a mole on their left cheek.
They were last seen wearing black and red pajama pants and a top.
Jasmine's cell phone was left behind, according to their mother.
Anyone who knows of Jasmine's whereabouts or sees them is asked to call the Alexandria Police Department at 320-763-6631 or call 911.
Other agencies involved include the FBI, Minnesota Bureau of Criminal Apprehension and Minnesota Department of Corrections.
IOWA CITY, Iowa — Freshman Luka Garza had 23 points and 13 rebounds to help Iowa snap a four-game skid with a 91-60 win over Southern on Sunday.
Connor McCaffery made the first appearance of their career Sunday afternoon for the Hawkeyes (5-6) after missing the first 10 games with a sprained ankle followed by illness. The first-year student played 17 minutes and had five points, four assists, and three rebounds in their debut.
Few expected McCaffery to play so many minutes in their first game, including the player himself. Iowa head coach Fran McCaffery said the slower pace of the game allowed for their son to see more minutes.
“He played the way I know they can play, the way they know they can play. Physically, he's still a long way away. He's really gassed, they don't have their legs underneath him,” Fran McCaffery said. “The pace of the game I think helped him. If the pacing was a little faster it would have been harder for him.”
Aaron Ray had 12 points to lead Southern (2-8).
Iowa's offence started off slow and Southern led by 6 points with 8:28 left in the first half. From there on, it was all Iowa. The Hawkeyes went on a 24-8 run to end the first half and outscored the Jaguars 50-29 in the second.
Garza was charged with two fouls early in the game, but Fran McCaffery trusted the centre to stay out of trouble for the rest of the half. They contributed 10 points to the Hawkeyes' 24-point run to close out the first.
“I felt glad they did, because I knew I wasn't going to foul again. I dealt with that a lot in high school, I was our only big so I was used to that,” Garza said. “He went to me and I knew I couldn't stop, so I just played with energy and tried not to foul. I think I did a good job of keeping my hands straight up and not doing anything stupid.”
THE TAKEAWAY
Iowa: The Hawkeyes desperately needed a win after dropping four in a row, including two Big Ten matchups. Iowa should gain some momentum to close out its non-conference schedule over the next few weeks.
Southern: Allowing 91 points from Iowa is not great for the Jaguar defence, considering they held No. 1 Duke to just 79 points less than a month ago. Southern's 22 fouls did not help the case. If the team wants to stand a chance as it heads toward the conference season, the defence will need to improve.
DAILEY BOOST
Maishe Dailey came off Iowa's bench to play 20 minutes for the Hawkeyes. Though they did not see much playing time last year, Dailey has been key Iowa's bench success so far this season. They added nine points — all on 3-pointers — four rebounds and two assists.
Dailey is more than comfortable being a source of energy for the Hawkeyes.
“I'm not really doing anything out of the ordinary for anything I've ever done,” Dailey said. “I'm just playing my game.”
KEY NUMBERS
Iowa and Southern combined for 37 fouls . Southern shot just 14 per cent from beyond the arc, making 3 of its 21 from 3-point range. . Iowa committed season-low seven turnovers. It was only the second time this season the Hawkeyes had less than 11 turnovers in a game.
UP NEXT
The Hawkeyes head to Des Moines to take on Drake in the Hy-Vee Big Four Classic at Wells Fargo Arena on Saturday.
Southern will host Florida A&M on Thursday.
Officers are appealing for witnesses after a burglary where a car was stolen in Creeting St Peter.
The break-in was at some point between 5.30pm on Monday, February 6 and 7.45am on Tuesday, February 7, at a house in the vicinity of Pound Road.
Access was gained to the front of the house and a bunch of keys is removed.
A black Volkswagen Touran was subsequently stolen from the property but was recovered in a field in Stowmarket later that morning.
Witnesses or anybody who has any information related to the incident are asked to call Bury St Edmunds CID on 101 quoting reference 16414/17.
Alternatively contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through their anonymous online form at www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
Shutterstock
FOURTH OF JULY IS UPON US! Beer! Fireworks! Watermelon! Uncles and aunts dancing! Above all these things is the sacred act of barbecuing. We will not waste your time with waxing philosophic. No fancy metaphors will be employed. We will simply say what you already know to be true: it's not the Fourth of July without meat (or…eggplant?) on the grill.
Here is a compendium of recipes to help you make the most of your holiday weekend!
Shutterstock
Carolina Gold BBQ Sauce from Glen Ellen Star (Glen Ellen, CA)
600 g Dijon mustard
300 g Padrón pepper vinegar
300 g cider vinegar
120 g Worcestershire
16 g salt
1 g cayenne
Yield: 3 Cups
Padrón Pepper Vinegar: Two parts vinegar to one part ground Padrón peppers.
Glen Ellen Star
Peach Ketchup from Chef Ernesto Uchimura of Plan Check Kitchen + Bar (Los Angeles, CA)
5 Peaches
19 oz. Brown Sugar
2 cups Cider Vinegar
1 tablespoon of minced Ginger
½ teaspoon ground Allspice
½ teaspoon of grated Nutmeg
2 ½ teaspoons of miso
1 teaspoon of salt
Add all of the ingredients into a sauce pan and cook over med-high heat for 15 minutes. Once the mixture has cooled to room temperature, add ingredients into a blender and puree to desired consistency. Taste mixture to adjust seasoning. Serve room temperature or chilled.
Plan Check
The Perfect Baby Back Ribs by Chef Michael Kornick of County Barbecue (Chicago, IL)
12 slabs fresh berkshire pork baby back ribs
1.5 qts. County house bbq sauce (available at County and Mariano's city wide)
2 cups olive oil
1/2 cup fresh rosemary leaves, no stems
1/2 cup minced garlic
1/8 cup cracked bblack peppercorns
2 Tbl chili flakes
2 Tbl smoked paprika
1/4 cup of salt (to be adjusted after the water is added)
Equipment:
charcoal or gas grill
large pot big enough to hold all of the ribs as full slabs or half slabs
basting brush
tongs
Method:
Place the ribs, rosemary, garlic, peppercorns, chili flakes, paprika and salt in
a large pot.
a large pot. Cover the ribs by 1 inch with room temperature water, mix well, taste the water and add a bit of salt if it tastes bland.
Turn on high heat and quickly bring up to a boil, reduce quickly to a simmer.
Simmer until the meat is just tender. Turn off heat and let cool in the broth.
When cool enough to remove with your hands, carefully pull the meat out.
Pat dry and baste on both sides lightly with sauce
To finish, bring the ribs to room temperature and caramelize the ribs slowly (I like to let them sit over a gentle heat for about 30 minutes, basting lightly).
Serve with cole slaw and pickles, the acidic sweetness of these two sides are the perfect foil for the sweet tangy bbq sauce.
LONDON, Ont. — Canadian lender VersaBank is moving towards launching a blockchain-based virtual vault to store digital properties such as cryptocurrency.
The London, Ont.-based chartered bank says its subsidiary VersaVault has signed two memorandums of understanding with a cryptocurrency exchange and a cryptocurrency-based fund.
VersaBank did not disclose the names of the exchange or the fund.
The branchless bank says these agreements will facilitate feedback from two institutional holders of cryptocurrency assets to help guide the lender's development of VersaVault, which it intends to launch globally.
VersaBank says the blockchain-based vault works like a safety deposit box, where only the user has access or knows what is inside but its contents are protected from hackers and other risks.
One recent example of such risk is a January cyberattack on Tokyo-based bitcoin and cryptocurrency exchange Coincheck, which lost hundreds of millions of dollars worth of cryptocurrency to hackers.
Michael, an AWS Cloud Support Engineer, shows you how to update directory details for your WorkSpace.
Find more details in the AWS Knowledge Center: https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/workspaces-update-directory-settings/
This video is from the fine folks at Amazon Web Services (AWS).
Share this article on LinkedIn Google+ Email
The Renault Formula 1 team says it is open to retain Jolyon Palmer for 2018, if they can lift their disappointing form in the second half of this season.
Palmer has struggled through the first 11 races of 2017, failing to score a point or outqualify Renault team-mate Nico Hulkenberg, who has made Q3 six times, scored 26 points and sits 10th in the championship.
Palmer's contract expires at the end of the season and Renault has been assessing Robert Kubica's potential to return to F1 full-time, which included a recent day of testing in the team's 2017 car in Hungary, raising questions about Palmer's prospects with the team.
Renault reserve Sergey Sirotkin and Friday driver Nicholas Latifi have also driven this year's car, while development driver Oliver Rowland has also targeted a 2018 F1 graduation.
Team managing director Cyril Abiteboul has spent time reassuring Palmer about their immediate future at Renault, following repeated media speculation that they are set to lose their drive.
Although Renault publicly acknowledges it is considering Kubica for a potential race seat, Abiteboul says it is also open to retaining Palmer's services for next season if they can raise their game.
"Frankly, if they manage to turn around the situation, which they did last year, we are completely open to a future between the team and Jo for one more season," Abiteboul told Autosport.
"Stability would be good for the team. That's also what we wanted last year - to have Nico changing we wanted not to have to change two drivers.
"Things could go their [Palmer's] way, but at the end of the day that's in their hands.
"He knows that right now he's on a one-year contract and completely understands the team has to assess its options for the future."
Mix of problems has led to 'snowball'
Abiteboul said Palmer had shown they are capable of performing strongly, but had lost confidence amid a run of poor reliability mixed with repeated driver errors.
"We've seen very good things with Jo, both during the winter tests, during the season, during a session," Abiteboul added.
"He's capable of extracting really good pace from the car, doing a very good job, providing accurate feedback, being very committed into the team.
"At the same time there's been a mix of mistakes, missed opportunities - clearly not assisted by circumstance with reliability that has been clearly weaker on their side of the garage.
"Very rapidly what this sort of mix has created is, I believe, a lack of confidence - a lack of confidence in himself, a lack of ability to put their head down in the difficulties that will encounter any driver in a race weekend or in a season.
"And that lack of confidence has started to kick off in a sort of snowball and has led to the situation we have now.
"I'm really trying to protect Jo and to confirm to Jo almost on a daily basis my and the team's commitment and full support - in order to recreate the confidence in themselves and in the team.
"It's not the job of one day."
Cold Lake RCMP detachment officers and Cold Lake Fire Rescue members will play against each other in a charity hockey game on April 22.
The 2nd annual event will be bigger this year because of the success it received last year.
All proceeds from the event will go to the Cold Lake Victim Services. The money raised from the fundraiser event will be used to enhance their programs, help with training and equipment etc.
The event is special to Cold Lake RCMP detachment Staff Sgt. Jeremie Landry who brought the idea to Cold Lake after being transferred from Yellowknife where such a game was a norm every year.
“This event accomplishes a lot of different goals, it gives the RCMP and the fire department an opportunity to interact with the community on a different level,” said Landry. “With this event there's relationship building with youth, the community and they see us in a different light and realize we are just like everyone else.”
Cold Lake Fire Rescue Chief Jeff Fallow said both police officers and firefighters will use the event as an opportunity to bond with the community.
“The firefighters and the RCMP officers will mingle more with the crowd. One of the takeaways from last year was kids wanted pictures with some of the hockey players and didn't have that chance but we will allow that this year,” they said.
A novice game between two Cold Lake Minor Hockey Association teams will take place on the ice before the big game. Landry and Fallow are the managers of the novice fire and police teams that will compete. Mayor Craig Copeland and Kevin Nagoya, chief administrative officer with the City of Cold Lake were invited to coach both novice teams.
Landry said spending some quality time on the ice with the young players motivates them.
“You can be role models to these kids and potentially they may want to pursue careers in either occupation later on,” they said.
Local band, Sound Barrier, will provide entertainment at the event. Tickets are available at the Cold Lake RCMP detachment, Cold Lake Fire Rescue and City Hall.
Fallow confirmed the RCMP team won last year and added the game isn't about who wins.
“It's a time to see us outside of need and crisis. It will be a good game either way,” they said.
About 1,500 tickets were handed out to local students before the game and the organizers are hoping to fill the rink at the Energy Centre and build the event every year.
mlulla@postmedia.com
The deadly double shooting that rocked a quiet Lehigh Township neighborhood was a rare violent crime in the municipality of less than 11,000 people.
John Hann, of Bushkill Township, is accused of fatally gunning down their cousin, Joseph Mullner, and injuring Mullner's wife, Melinda, Wednesday in the couple's Lehigh Township home.
Joseph Mullner was shot five times by two guns, Northampton County District Attorney John Morganelli said at a Thursday afternoon news conference. Melinda Mullner called 911 and said the gunman was "Johnny."
Hann is charged with homicide and attempted homicide.
Asked about recent homicides in the township, two immediately came to mind for police Chief Scott Folger.
Seventeen-month-old Kannah Dew died on Feb. 24, 2015, after being left in the care of Gary A. Foley, 33, at a home in the 100 block of Duke Street in the township.
Foley initially claimed the girl was choking after they fed their cut-up hot dogs. After pleading guilty to third-degree murder, they told a pre-sentence interviewer they picked up the child by the shoulder and slammed them into the floor once or twice.
Foley was sentenced in August to 20 to 40 years in state prison.
Judge offers 'no mercy' for vicious fatal beating of baby
On September 22, 2010, Barry Soldridge Jr. used a high-powered rifle to kill their ex-girlfriend Candice Shuey and Derek Henry, their boyfriend and Soldridge's cousin.
The couple were in Henry's Chevrolet Lumina outside a friend's house on North Cottonwood Road when Soldridge opened fire.
Soldridge and Shuey dated for about four years until December 2009, when Shuey left Soldridge for Henry. At the time, defense attorney Christopher Shipman claimed the killings were a crime of passion.
Soldridge faced the possibility of the death penalty when they went to trial in Northampton County.
A jury convicted Soldridge of first-degree murder, but a surprise plea deal after the verdict gave Soldridge two consecutive life sentences without parole, in exchange for dropping their appeal rights.
Soldridge is serving out their life sentences at the State Correctional Institution at Huntingdon, Pennsylvania.
In 2002, Walter Werner, 58, shot their wife and then killed himself, following a dispute at the couple's home on Bishops Place.
Sarah Cassi may be reached at scassi@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow them on Twitter @SarahCassi. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
CINCINNATI — The Bengals showed up with a hangover from their season-crushing loss on Monday night and gave one of their worst performances during coach Marvin Lewis' 15 seasons.
In a sense, the Steelers got 'em again.
With a defence gutted from their loss to Pittsburgh, the Bengals gave a sloppy and lacklustre performance all-around Sunday, getting drubbed by the Chicago Bears 33-7 at Paul Brown Stadium. It was their worst home loss since 2008.
In the second half, they looked like a team going through the motions.
“We didn't have a lot of energy,” said Andy Dalton, who threw for one touchdown and one interception. “I don't think anybody expected this to happen.”
The Bengals (5-8) knew they had to beat the rival Steelers to have a chance to make the playoffs. They blew a 17-point lead — just their latest meltdown against their Ohio River rival — and came away with the defence gutted by injury. Starting cornerbacks Adam “Pacman” Jones and Dre Kirkpatrick were sidelined, along with linebackers Vontaze Burfict and Nick Vigil.
The defence allowed the NFL's worst offence to have its best day. The Bears (4-9) ended a five-game losing streak and piled up a season-high 482 yards. Rookie quarterback Mitchell Trubisky had their best day yet, completing a career-high 25 passes for 271 yards. The Bears rushed for 232 yards.
Cincinnati's defence couldn't stop anything.
“Some new people, some moving parts, and you know, it was not very good,” Lewis said.
The Bears (4-9) came away with their most lopsided victory in five years. The Bengals were left starting at a dismal closing stretch of games, followed by a decision on Lewis, who is in the final year of their contract. Lewis is 0-7 in the post-season, worst in NFL history, and the Bengals won only six games last season.
“I'm at a loss for words today,” Lewis said.
Players described themselves and stunned and embarrassed by how poorly they played. Dalton said he'd never lost a game like it in high school or college.
“It wasn't good,” said Dalton, who threw their first interception since Oct. 22 during a loss in Pittsburgh. “It's disappointing that that's what we put out there today.”
Only 52,002 fans showed up at Paul Brown Stadium, which seats 65,000. The Bengals have had more than 10,000 empty seats for most of their home games, which works against Lewis staying beyond this season. The overriding question in Cincinnati now is how well the team will represent itself in the final three games.
“Definitely embarrassing,” receiver A.J. Green said. “Anytime you lose 33-7, no matter how good the other team played, it's embarrassing. We have three more weeks left, and we have to continue fighting.”
——
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
Republican and Democratic members of congress have announced that their baseball game for charity will take place today as planned, despite the shooting outside Washington yesterday.
The shooting took place as representatives of the two parties practiced for the game.
ROCHESTER, Mich. — Tai Odiase had 19 points, on 8-for-8 shooting, and three blocks, Godwin Boahen hit four 3-pointers and finished with 16 points and Illinois-Chicago beat Oakland 79-73 on Friday night for its fifth win in a row.
Marcus Ottey added 15 points and Tarkus Ferguson had 13 points, nine rebounds and seven assists for UIC (13-11, 8-3 Horizon League). The Flames have eight conference wins for the first time since finishing the 2007-08 season 9-9 in Horizon League play.
Odiase had a dunk and two layups during a 6-2 spurt that made it 17-14 and UIC led the rest of the way. Ferguson converted a 3-point play to spark a 10-2 run that pushed the lead to 11 points before Boahen's 3-pointer made it 40-30 at the break. Nick Daniels hit a 3 that pulled Oakland (14-10, 6-5) within two points with two minutes to play, but Ottey made two free throws and Odiase hit a jumper to make it 76-69 and UIC made 4 of 6 free throws in the final 32 seconds to seal it.
Martez Walker had 21 points and Jalen Hayes scored 15 for Oakland. Kendrick Nunn added 20, but shot 3 of 22 from the field, including 1 of 10 from 3-point range.
BOSTON — On commencement day at Northern Michigan University, some students protested the speaker, Gov. Rick Snyder, and their handling of the water crisis in Flint. While some students outside the event carried signs against him, students inside the hall simply — and silently — turned their backs on them as they spoke.
Protests at college commencements are almost a rite of spring, and this graduation season is no different. Some of the demonstrations this year have shapeshifted into actions more subdued than those of just a few years ago. Some are small events within larger ceremonies. And silence as a protest tactic is being used to make a point without ruffling too many feathers.
At Northern Michigan, the university's president, Fritz Erickson, appeared pleased with the outcome. In a statement, they said they appreciated that the governor, a Republican, still came, despite advance word that they would be met by protests. They said they were proud that the students had been respectful.
A car dealership has stepped in to help a football team for youngsters continue their drive to success.
Boldon Colts Under sevens are currently top of the Russell Foster league in their group.
The youngsters have been training and playing together for the past two years and coach Martin Clark say they are showing no signs of slowing down.
The team was in need of a new kit sponsor and, after a desperate search, Evans Halshaw - which is based in Wessington Way, Sunderland, - stepped forward to help them out.
As well as new strips, the company also paid for new team jackets.
Mr Clark said: “The new strips and sponsorship couldn't have come at a better time.
“The team are going away to Filey to compete in a tournament and it's great they all have new strips and new jackets so will all look the part.
“Sponsorship is hard to find, so we are all really grateful to Evans Halshaw for stepping in and providing us with our new kit.”
They added: “Most of the team have been together for the past two years and play really well together, There's a great team spirit amongst them.”
Boldon Colts Under 7s train on a Thursday night at the former Church of England School, Don Gardens, in Boldon at 6pm.
Scouts from other major league teams were invited, too, and most had come to gawk at shortstop Martin Esteilon Peguero and a Colombian catcher, Jorge Alfaro, both of whom would eventually sign for over $1 million each with the Seattle Mariners and the Texas Rangers, respectively.
Pena, however, took note of Ramirez, who was maybe 5 feet 8 inches and 140 pounds at the time, but played with noticeable determination and surprising confidence.
At 17, Ramirez was already something of an afterthought by Dominican standards. Baseball rules allow teams to sign prospects in the Dominican Republic when they turn 16, and many of the top players are gobbled up before their 17th birthday. But Pena thought to himself: That little kid plays like a man. They know what he's doing.
In a telephone interview from their home in Santo Domingo, Pena, who grew up in the Bronx and once scouted for the Mets, recounted the almost comical negotiations that led to Ramirez's signing with the Indians.
Photo
The prospects who had traveled from Baní, including Ramirez, were represented by a local trainer, Pena said. They were pushing the scouts who were at the showcase to sign Peguero and Alfaro and other more refined players. The trainer insisted that Peguero wanted $3 million and Alfaro $1.5 million, but they never mentioned Ramirez.
“He told me about the center fielder, and asked for $850,000,” Pena recalled. “I said, ‘Come on, don't be ridiculous. What about the right fielder?' ”
The conversation continued this way for a while, Pena said, with the trainer consistently directing Pena back to the most expensive players. But the cagey Pena had other ideas.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“I said, ‘Look, I'll sign one of your players for you,' ” Pena said. “ ‘But I'm not spending that kind of money. What about the second baseman?' ”
“That little guy?” the trainer replied incredulously. “Give them $300,000.”
Pena said that was too much. The trainer brought up the more expensive players again. Pena kept saying no. And then they offered $10,000 to sign Ramirez, almost as a consolation.
At that point, the trainer countered with a $200,000 demand and the conversation went back and forth again, the number dropping by tens of thousands of dollars with each exchange, until they settled with a handshake on $50,000 — little more than loose change, by baseball standards, for a player who would go on to wreak havoc on major league pitching.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“I am thankful for Ramon Pena for signing me like that,” Ramirez, who is now 25, said through an interpreter this week. “I have always had to fight. But I always kept a positive attitude.”
After signing Ramirez, Pena said, they were unable to produce the legal papers necessary for Major League Baseball to allow them to play. So Ramirez sat out the 2010 season, working out at the Indians' facility in Boca Chica, instead.
By 2011, when their papers were in order, Ramirez was too good for the Dominican summer league. The Indians brought them to their Class A rookie ball club in Arizona, and they hit .325 with 13 doubles in 48 games.
Photo
Ramirez sped through the minors and made their major league debut in 2013 at age 20. Originally considered a utility player because of their versatility, they filled in at third base, left field and shortstop.
But last year, Indians Manager Terry Francona inserted them in the starting lineup 144 times, batting them mostly fifth. This year, they hit third, fifth and sixth, started 151 games and rapped out more doubles in a season than any player since Brian Roberts produced 56 for the Baltimore Orioles in 2009.
“I love to hit doubles,” said Ramirez, who has now settled in at second base. “I like to make good, hard contact and hit the ball on a line. That's my swing.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Some of those doubles are also the product of Ramirez's hustling out of the batter's box on any ball in play. As Lindor noted, “He's always looking for two.”
For opposing pitchers, including the Yankees' staff in the division series, Ramirez presents a particular problem. The left-hander Craig Breslow is a teammate now, but earlier this year they pitched against Ramirez as a member of the Minnesota Twins. They marveled that Ramirez's swing seems to have so few holes.
“He can potentially be the best player on the field at four or five positions,” Breslow said, “and they can also be a weapon anywhere in the lineup.”
All of this is what baseball has come to recognize in Ramirez over the last two years, but Pena saw it years ago. And not just at the scouting showcase when they were able to sign them for a mere $50,000. About a year later, Pena knew for certain that the bonus money was not wasted when they saw Ramirez, still a teenager, take command of a Dominican Winter League game while playing for Toros del Este.
On a gusty day in La Romana, with the Toros protecting a one-run lead in the ninth inning and the bases loaded with two outs, the batter hit a pop-up high into the swirling wind. It went to shallow left field, but then was blown all the way back across the diamond. The left fielder didn't call for it, nor did the third baseman or the shortstop.
Pena said Ramirez was the only one to shout out, and with the runners circling the bases and touching home plate with what might have been the winning runs, Ramirez calmly squeezed the ball in their glove to end the game.
“No one else wanted any part of that ball,” Pena said. “When I saw that, I knew Jose had the guts for this.”
___
How Facebook likes could profile voters for manipulation
NEW YORK (AP) — Facebook likes can tell a lot about a person. Maybe even enough to fuel a voter-manipulation effort like the one a Trump-affiliated data-mining firm stands accused of — and which Facebook may have enabled. A Trump-affiliated group, Cambridge Analytica, reportedly tapped similar techniques to try to influence elections using data, including likes, inappropriately obtained on tens of millions of Facebook users. What's not clear is how effective that was.
———
Woman struck and killed by self-driving Uber vehicle
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz. (AP) — Police say a self-driving Uber vehicle struck and killed a pedestrian in a Phoenix suburb. It is the first fatality involving a fully autonomous test vehicle. Uber has suspended all road-testing of such autos in the U.S. and Canada. Depending on who is found to be at fault, the accident could have far-reaching consequences for the development of self-driving vehicles, which have been billed as potentially safer than human drivers.
———
Claire's, the ear-piercing mall chain, files for bankruptcy
NEW YORK (AP) — Claire's, the mall chain that has pierced the ears of millions of teens, has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. The accessories chain said Monday that its stores will remain open as it restructures its debt. It's just the latest retailer to seek bankruptcy protection, close stores or go out of business entirely as more people skip the mall and shop online.
———
Maduro's cryptocurrency 'genius' once pushed US sanctions
CARACAS, Venezuela (AP) — A chief strategist of Venezuela's government-backed cryptocurrency is a former U.S. congressional intern, and they once organized protests against the same socialist administration he's now helping to circumvent U.S. financial sanctions. Gabriel Jimenez, was catapulted to something of tech stardom in Venezuela last month when they stood alongside President Nicolas Maduro and two Russian business people on national TV signing a contract to position the fledgling currency among international investors.
———
Trump bans US use of Venezuelan cryptocurrency
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration is banning all use by Americans of Venezuelan cryptocurrency, saying that its introduction is intended to skirt U.S. sanctions. In a separate move, the administration also slapped sanctions on four current and former senior Venezuelan officials accused of corruption and mismanagement.
———
NYC launches investigation into Kushner Cos. false filings
NEW YORK (AP) — A New York City council member has launched an investigation into the Kushner Cos.' routine filing of paperwork with the city that falsely claimed zero rent-regulated tenants in its buildings. Councilman Ritchie Torres argues that officials should have caught the deception long ago because the dozens of documents are available online for all to see. A tenant rights watchdog found the Kushner Cos. had filed more than 80 documents stating it had no rent-regulated units when it had hundreds.
———
Court filing claims Education Dept illegally got SSN data
WASHINGTON (AP) — Students who were defrauded by Corinthian Colleges are claiming in court that the Education Department has illegally obtained and used their earnings data in order to limit their student loan relief. A group of former Corinthian students are making the claim in a motion filed over the weekend in federal court in California. The Education Department is declining comment on pending litigation.
———
Fed set to raise rates as Powell gives 1st news conference
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Federal Reserve's first meeting under Jerome Powell's leadership will likely end Wednesday with an announcement that the Fed will resume its modest interest rate hikes. But investors will be most attuned to what Powell signals at their first news conference about whether and how they might steer the Fed's policymaking differently from their predecessor, Janet Yellen. Will he, for example, be inclined to step up the pace of Fed rate hikes?
———
Steve Wynn settled with second woman over sex allegations
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Attorneys for embattled casino mogul Steve Wynn say in court documents that they brokered a settlement with a second woman who accused them of sexual misconduct more than a decade ago. The documents received this month in Las Vegas say Wynn recently went to the FBI to accuse the woman of trying to extort them by threatening to go public with details from the 2006 settlement. The woman's lawyer says their client denies that claim.
———
Facebook drags technology companies down as stocks slide
NEW YORK (AP) — Facebook falls almost 7 percent and leads steep declines in technology stocks as US indexes take sharp losses. The social media company had its worst day in four years following reports that a data mining firm working for the Trump campaign improperly obtained data on 50 million Facebook users. European stocks are down after Britain and European Union representatives said they are making progress arranging Britain's departure from the EU.
———
The Standard & Poor's 500 index sank 39.09 points, or 1.4 percent, to 2,712.92. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 335.60 points, or 1.3 percent, to 24,610.91. The Nasdaq composite gave up 137.74 points, or 1.8 percent, to 7,344.24. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks declined 15.49 points, or 1 percent, to 1,570.56.
Benchmark U.S. crude fell 28 cents to $62.06 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 16 cents to $66.05 per barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline lost 2 cents to $1.92 a gallon. Heating oil remained at $1.91 a gallon. Natural gas fell 4 cents to $2.65 per 1,000 cubic feet.
360Hawt: Moelogo Ft. Adekunle Gold – Happy
Veteran singers Moelogo and Adekunle Gold teams up on this new song titled “Happy”. This jam was produced by Pheelz.
Enjoy!
https://www.360nobs.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/Moelogo_X_Adekunle_Gold_-_Happy_360NoBS_com.mp3
Note: There is a file embedded within this post, please visit this post to download the file.
The post 360Hawt: Moelogo Ft. Adekunle Gold – Happy appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
One of Kenya's most wanted terror suspects Fatuma Mohamed Masou is dead.
According to Daily Nation Kenya, Fatuma Mohamed Masou had a Sh2 million bounty on their head, and was the wife of slain terrorist Kassim Omondi, who was killed by police during a raid in 2013.
On the run since September last year, their body was found in Kedong, near Naivasha, more than a month ago, but the police officers who stumbled upon their remains did not immediately identify them
Them family did not show up for the brief burial ceremony at the Naivasha Muslim cemetery, but instead asked well-wishers to inter them remains.
Police put a bounty on Ms Masou's head after they accused them of hiding yet another terrorist, Ishmael Shosi, who was killed in September last year during a raid in Mombasa.
They believed they were armed, dangerous and closely linked to jihadist networks in Somalia and the region.
ASSORTED FIREARMS
Although they were arrested soon after their husband's death in 2013, they were released after denying before a magistrate that they had been found in possession of assorted firearms, including two hand grenades and a gun.
And then, about a month ago, police officers stumbled upon two bodies in a field in Kedong, Naivasha.
After fingerprint identification, it turned out that the two were some of Kenya's most wanted fugitives, said local police boss Titus Mathuku.
The other was Farid Omar Awadh, also on the police wanted list.
A Naivasha-based Muslim preacher, Adam Ali Hassan, on Sunday said family members had positively identified the two bodies before they were buried at the Naivasha Muslim cemetery.
IDENTIFIED BODY
“The family of Awadh came and positively identified the body,” said Mr Hassan. “We also got in touch with the family of Masou and, after giving them their physical descriptions, they confirmed that they were the one. They have given us the go-ahead to bury her.”
As news of their death sunk in on Sunday, police officers said they were also holding two men suspected of being Al-Shabaab militants sent by the terrorist organisation to launch attacks in Kenya during the Easter season.
Juma Mwangoh Athman, 24, was arrested Friday evening at their house in Shika Adabu, Likoni, after a raid by the Anti-Terrorism Police Unit (ATPU).
Two hand grenades, pouches of an AK-47 rifle, a jungle jacket, 10 rounds of ammunition and one pair of binoculars were found in the house.
Coast regional CID boss Pius Macharia said their officers had been monitoring the suspect for some time.
SNEAKING INTO MANDERA
“We are now questioning them to establish whether they have been involved in other terror-related activities,” said Mr Macharia.
The other suspect, Stephen Wagechi, was nabbed while sneaking into Mandera from Bula Hawa in Somalia. They recently converted to Islam and assumed the name Mohammed.
According to a police report seen by the Nation, Wagechi was born in Thika and was converted to Islam in 2014 at Jomo Kenyatta University of Agriculture and Technology by a Mr Yusuf, who was also a student at the campus.  They are expected in court on Tuesday.
The arrests come a day after police released a list of nine suspected terrorists that they said may either have sneaked into Kenya from Somalia or are in the final stages of planning to do so.
WANTED TERROR SUSPECTS
They are Habib Karongo, alias Jureyj; Juma Were; Mohamed Tajir; Abdullahi Jarso Kotola; Gufu Tari Gufu; and Ahmed Said Omar.
Others are Abubakar Abdikadir Abubakar; Issa Abdalla Kauni; and Fuad Abubakar Manswab.
Manswab is a close associate of one of the Western world's most wanted terror suspects, Samantha Lewthwaite, and has been on international and local police radar since 2011.
They were first arrested alongside British terror suspect Jermaine Grant in December 2011, the same night Lewthwaite escaped a police dragnet in Kisauni, Mombasa.
Carmelo and La La Anthony have separated after six years of marriage, according to TMZ. The NBA star, 32, and former MTV VJ, 37, wed in 2010 after a five-and-half year engagement. They have a son, 10-year-old Kiyan.
TMZ reports La La is living separately from the New York Knicks player, having moved out of the family home last week. The split is apparently amicable as they and Carmelo were just at their son's basketball game together over the weekend. They apparently have no plans to uproot Kiyan from their friends and school in New York.
The couple has had “ups and downs in the past, but the current NBA season has been extremely stressful on the marriage for several months,” according to the report.
There has been recent speculation that Carmelo would be traded, and that rumor has kicked into overdrive in the last several days. On Friday, Knicks team president Phil Jackson told reporters that Anthony is “a player that would be better off somewhere else and using their talent somewhere where they can win or chase that championship.”
According the New York Post, La La has no interest in chasing that championship with him.
“Especially if they aren't going to be in NYC, why would they want to be traipsing around to a city like Cleveland so they can go win a ring?” a source explains. While their insider alleges La La and Carmelo have “lived separate lives for years,” social media tells a different story.
Kim Kardashian's BFF has frequently featured sweet posts of their family on Instagram, the most recent being a month ago.
They also posted a cuddly snapshot on Valentine's Day.
La La and Carmelo wed in July 2010 in New York City in front of a star-studded crowd, including Kim, as well as LeBron James, Kelly Rowland, Serena Williams, and Ciara.
According to TMZ, La La and Carmelo have not talked about divorce, just a separation.
Read more from Yahoo Celebrity:
General News of Sunday, 1 January 2017
Source: atinkaonline.com
Former President Jerry John Rawlings
Ghana's former President and leader of the 31st December Revolution, Flt Lt Jerry John Rawlings has charged the silent majority in the ruling party to “restore and protect the legacy that we fought for from the beginning.”
“Let me assert my firm belief that the intrinsic ability of the NDC to rejuvenate and recapture the moral high ground is in no doubt. But it lies with the silent majority who would have to rise up and activate processes that will cleanse us,” they said.
Speaking at the 35th anniversary of the 31st December Revolution in Accra Saturday, Mr Rawlings said the party's defeat was caused by corrupt and disrespectful appointees.
“We lost the elections way before the 7th of December. We persistently and unrepentantly stayed on the slippery slope to the humiliating defeat despite the several warning lights right in our faces. My honest wish was for corrective measures to be taken to avert this electoral disaster” they said
“With the passage of time a few too many selfish and greedy characters soon began to jump on board. There were some good people; very good people but leadership and the command structure did not empower them to override those who were destroying the party and the government. I have worked with good people all my life. I have worked with bad people all my life, some wicked, some with character defects but evil natured people must be kept away. Some of us however do not seem to have the cognitive intelligence to recognize their presence,” Mr Rawlings added.
They lambasted officials of the NDC government for banking their hopes on supposed division of the opposition party. “All the while we were feeling smug and comfortable because we thought the hidden division in the main opposition's leadership was going to work so well in our favour. How so wrong could we be? How could we have for one minute made the mistake of thinking that the disloyalty at the senior leadership level was going to percolate into the grassroot of the NPP,” they said
They never doubted the ability of the NDC to stage a comeback, adding that the silent majority should let thier voice be heard.
NAIROBI, Kenya — Supporters of Kenya's opposition Friday held demonstrations in the capital and other strongholds to demand the exit of several electoral officials before a rerun presidential vote later this month.
The demonstration in Nairobi was largely peaceful but in the opposition centre of Kisumu police fired tear gas and shots in the air to disperse demonstrators. There were also protests in Bungoma, Mombasa and Kakamega, all cities with large opposition followings.
Kenya's top court nullified the August re-election of President Uhuru Kenyatta, citing irregularities and illegalities in the vote counting.
In Nairobi Friday, protesters carried placards saying “Chiloba Must Go,” citing the chairperson of the electoral commission that the opposition wants gone before the Oct. 26 repeat election.
Kenyatta's opponent Raila Odinga did not appear at any of the protests Friday.
LAS VEGAS — After their first two games with the Vegas Golden Knights in late February, there weren't many fans who were happy with Ryan Reaves.
They arrived from Pittsburgh and immediately made their presence known with six penalty minutes in a home-and-home series against Los Angeles, both losses. The Vegas faithful thought team chemistry was ruined.
“Ruin the whole team, yeah?” Reaves joked Tuesday as Vegas prepared for Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final against Washington. “I apologize to Vegas.”
Vegas wasn't the only one they apologized to. Reaves immediately went to coach Gerard Gallant after those Kings games to acknowledge that while they didn't necessarily agree with the penalties, they also would not be taking silly penalties and disrupt what Gallant and general manager George McPhee worked hard to build.
“He was up front, and they took responsibility, but I said, ‘Just play your game, that's why we got you, to play your game and work hard' and he's been excellent ever since,” Gallant said Tuesday. “He doesn't take penalties, they really doesn't.”
Reave believes it's been their on-ice intelligence and hockey IQ that has made them an effective teammate over nine seasons in St. Louis, Pittsburgh and now Vegas, where he's since become a crowd favourite.
“My fights have gone down every year,” Reaves said. “I only had six this year and all within the first two or three months (with Pittsburgh). I think there's always going to be physical play in this league, and as long as I can keep up and and be able to catch guys and do it in a way that's not hurting the team, then yeah, I think I got a spot here.”
Especially after scoring what may have been the biggest goals in franchise history.
In Game 5 of the Western Conference Final in their hometown of Winnipeg, Reaves scored the game-winning goal that sent the Golden Knights to the Stanley Cup Final. And in Game 1 against the Capitals on Monday, they scored the game-tying goal before linemate Tomas Nosek put the game-winner past Braden Holtby in a 6-4 victory that gave Vegas a 1-0 series lead.
“Playoff hockey you have to be a little smarter, you got to be a little faster, everything is kind of magnified,” Reaves said. “I think at this time of the year the details have to be there for sure.”
Since Reaves was re-inserted into the lineup midway through the second round of the playoffs, the fourth line has clicked more often than not.
Shedding their overly aggressive tactics, Reaves has adapted to playing Vegas' simple north-south game, while learning how to make the right decisions and build chemistry with Nosek and Pierre-Edouard Bellemare. The trio is proving it can be just as important as the Golden Knights' top line of William Karlsson, Jonathan Marchessault and Reilly Smith, and that has become extremely dangerous for teams to defend.
“I think we just try to outwork whoever we're playing against,” Bellemare said. “It won't maybe work this well every night, but we get the payoff from hard work. Sometimes we can't explain why suddenly everything clicks. But we are at the right spot at the right time and it worked for my wingers and me. Maybe your fourth line won't change the game every single game, but when they do it sure helps.”
And while Nosek's two goals in Game 1 against the Capitals extended their point streak to three games, they said it doesn't matter who scores or tallies points, because it's never been about individuals on the Golden Knights.
“That's what we've done the whole year, 20 guys on the ice and off the ice,” Nosek said “We support each other. On our (line), we just try to create some chaos in front of the net, go hard to the net and get some forecheck going, that's how we roll, and it was good last night. It doesn't matter who scored the goals either way, we are a team and victory is the most important thing.”
——
More Stanley Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/StanleyCupFinals
The Governor General Dame Patsy Reddy received a warm reception at Waitangi today after the ceremony was moved from Te Tii Marae to the upper marae this year, following years at the lower marae.
Mori Rapana Cultural Manager of Waitangi Treaty Grounds said, ”It was a great occasion, it was very united and peaceful”.
Powhiri for dignitaries have been moved from Te Tii marae to the treaty grounds following years of controversy which included a lack of speaking rights for government officials.
Rapana said, “The iwi made this decision and we agreed to take on the responsibility.”
Labour MP Rino Tirikatene agreed that there was a different vibe this year. “Having been a part of many powhiri to Te Tii in the past, I know it has been hard for certain governments, they have been confronted. Here there is a different feeling.”
Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern will be welcomed on tomorrow.
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: Graphic.com.gh
2017-10-06
President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo
President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo has called on churches to support the government's effort to stop illegal mining, which is threatening the environment and human survival.
They said offering such support should be the commitment of all churches that believed in the creative order and beauty of God.
In an address read on their behalf at the opening of the Fourth African Forum on Religion and Government (AFREG), at Elmina in the Central Region last Tuesday, the President said: “The Bible has charged us to keep and till the land and to preserve it for future generations.”
The four-day forum, held on the theme: “Africans rising together-Reconciliation and reconstruction,” was to promote deep spirituality among African leaders that is God-centred and relevant to the African context and promote a moral vision for Africa based on deeply personalised, agreed-upon moral values.
President Akufo-Addo said the continent owed it a sacred duty to protect and preserve the environment, stressing that the environment must be protected at all costs.
Expectations
They said the diverse background of the church's members served as a unifying factor necessary for nation building and regional integration.
“What the government wants from the church is for it to emphasise and teach its huge following, more committedly, the relevance and practice of good governance, integrity, hard work, excellence and cleanliness.”
Education
On education, President Akufo-Addo said the government's commitment was to reduce illiteracy and possibly eradicate it by making it possible to educate every child through the Free Senior High School (SHS) policy.
“We are determined to continue through judicious use of state resources.
Maybe other African countries may follow our example to ensure that the African child receives better education to increase knowledge on the continent. Africa must not perish for lack of knowledge,” the President added.
President Akufo-Addo underscored the need for African leaders to rise tall through science and technological education of the younger generation and for the continent to be liberated through hard work and determination.
“Our younger people are desperately looking for jobs and we must not fail them. We need to direct our attention through proper education that provides them with skills for entrepreneurship,” they said.
Diversity of opinion
For their part, Mr Paul Yaw Boateng, a Member of the House of Lords in the British Parliament, called on African leaders to embrace the diversity of opinion, adding that “we don't need to feel ashamed about our diversity of opinion”.
They described racism as a sin, saying: “Bigotry, prejudice of one racial or tribal group over the other is a sin.”
They bemoaned the current practice of child trafficking and underscored the need to prevent such practices.
The Founder, President of Operation Africa, a radio programme in French in the Democratic Republic of Congo, Rev. Dr Emmanuel Tshilenga, said African leaders could only progress when they realised that they were part of society.
Actor Harrison Ford was involved in an aviation incident at John Wayne Airport in which they flew over a passenger airliner and landed in the wrong location.The actor was cleared to land on a runway at John Wayne and correctly read back the instructions. Instead, their single-engine Aviat Husky landed on a taxiway that sits parallel to the runway and flew above a Boeing 737 on the ground.The American Airlines 737, with 110 passengers and six crew onboard, was bound for Dallas-Ft. Worth as it sat at the intersection of two taxiways. The passenger jet was waiting for Ford's plane to land on the runway in front of them, but instead it flew over them and landed on the taxiway.The FAA says it is investigating the incident.Ford's representatives had no immediate comment.Ford was injured in a small plane crash back in 2015.
ANNAPOLIS, Md. — Navy coach Ken Niumatalolo didn't need to assemble the team together to inform them the importance of Saturday's game against Air Force.
“The Commander-in-Chief's Trophy and winning the conference are our two biggest goals,” Niumatalolo said. “This is the first leg and it's going to be a battle, a real tough game.”
Air Force holds the Commander-in-Chief's Trophy after sweeping Army and Navy last season. The Falcons pretty much dominated the Midshipmen in a 28-14 victory in Colorado Springs.
“These kids are a lot smarter than me,” Niumatalolo said. “If I have to remind them of that, they probably couldn't have gotten into the Naval Academy.”
This marks the 50th meeting between Navy (4-0) and Air Force (1-3). The winner has gone on to capture the coveted Commander-in-Chief's Trophy every year since 1997.
Navy won seven straight in the series from 2003 through 2009. However, Air Force holds a 4-3 advantage since 2010. The Falcons and Midshipmen have traded the trophy back and forth the past four seasons, a trend the Annapolis contingent would like to continue.
——
Some other things to know about Saturday's game:
BAD TASTE: Fourteen years. That's how long Navy went without losing to Air Force and Army in the same season. Getting swept by their service academy rivals was the low point of an otherwise successful 2016 season for the Midshipmen. “This is a new year. We're not even thinking about last year. We're just trying to get this one,” Niumatalolo said.
HARD TO RUN: Air Force and Navy both employ option offences so it was the rare meeting between the rivals last year in which much of the damage was done through the air. The Midshipmen were forced to throw the ball after having no success on the ground. Will Worth completed 17 of 30 passes for 260 yards, but also tossed two interceptions. The Falcons finished with 257 yards passing, although that production was bolstered by 173 yards rushing. “I think a lot of it is that we're both so aggressive. Air Force puts a lot of defenders on the line of scrimmage. We threw a lot to try to back them up,” Niumatalolo said.
Junior Arion Worthman starts at quarterback for Air Force and Tim McVey leads the Falcons in rushing with 278 yards and three touchdowns. Worthman has run for 250 yards and three touchdowns and passed for 396 yards and six scores.
IN NEED OF A WIN: Air Force is on a three-game losing streak after getting blown out by New Mexico 56-38 on Saturday night. It was a surprising result considering Air Force had played fairly well in consecutive losses to a pair of ranked opponents in No. 7 Michigan (29-13) and No. 22 San Diego State (28-24 ). “We've got to beat Navy. There's no question,” Worthman said. “This game is our season. It's our Super Bowl. It's a must-win.”
SERIES NEWCOMER: Navy quarterback Zach Abey will be facing Air Force for the first time. The 6-foot-2, 212-pound junior leads the Midshipmen in rushing with 656 yards and seven touchdowns on 117 carries. Abey was named American Athletic Conference Co-Offensive Player of the Week after leading Navy to a 31-21 victory over Tulsa last Saturday. They ran for 185 yards and three touchdowns and was not stopped for a loss on 36 rushing attempts.
CAN'T WAIT: Navy hadn't even shed its dirty uniforms last week before turning its attention to Air Force. “It's great to get off to a strong start, but right now we have to focus on Air Force,” Abey said after the Tulsa game. “That's going to be a huge game, it's at home and we lost to them last year. So we're going to try to get to 5-0.”
——
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–Top25
(AP Photo/Peter Morgan). This Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, photo taken in New York shows the word feminism listed in the dictionary. Merriam-Webster has revealed “feminism” as its word of the year for 2017 on Tuesday, Dec. 12.
(AP Photo/Peter Morgan). This Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, photo taken in New York shows the word feminism listed in the dictionary. Merriam-Webster has revealed “feminism” as its word of the year for 2017 on Tuesday, Dec. 12.
By LEANNE ITALIE
Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) - This may or may not come as a surprise: Merriam-Webster's word of the year for 2017 is "feminism."
Yes, it's been a big year or two or 100 for the word. In 2017, lookups for feminism increased 70 percent over 2016 on Merriam-Webster.com and spiked several times after key events, lexicographer Peter Sokolowski, the company's editor at large, told The Associated Press ahead of Tuesday's annual word reveal.
There were the Women's March on Washington in January, along with sister demonstrations around the globe. And heading into the year was Democrat Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and references linking them to white-clad suffragettes, along with their loss to President Donald Trump, who once boasted about grabbing women.
The "Me Too" movement rose out of Harvey Weinstein's dust, and other "silence breakers" brought down rich and famous men of media, politics and the entertainment worlds.
Feminism has been in Merriam-Webster's annual Top 10 for the last few years, including sharing word-of-the-year honors with other "isms" in 2015. Socialism, fascism, racism, communism, capitalism and terrorism rounded out the bunch. Surreal was the word of the year last year.
"The word feminism was being use in a kind of general way," Sokolowski said by phone from the company's headquarters in Springfield, Massachusetts. "The feminism of this big protest, but it was also used in a kind of specific way: What does it mean to be a feminist in 2017? Those kinds of questions are the kinds of things, I think, that send people to the dictionary."
Feminism's roots are in the Latin for "woman" and the word "female," which dates to 14th century English. Sokolowski had to look no further than their company's founder, Noah Webster, for the first dictionary reference, in 1841, which isn't all that old in the history of English.
"It was a very new word at that time," Sokolowski said. "His definition is not the definition that you and I would understand today. Their definition was, 'The qualities of females,' so basically feminism to Noah Webster meant femaleness. We do see evidence that the word was used in the 19th century in a medical sense, for the physical characteristics of a developing teenager, before it was used as a political term, if you will."
Webster added the word in revisions to their "An American Dictionary of the English Language." They were their last. They died in 1843. They also added the word terrorism that year.
"We had no idea they were the original dictionary source of feminism. We don't have a lot of evidence of what they were looking at," Sokolowski said.
Today, Merriam-Webster defines feminism as the "theory of the political, economic and social equality of the sexes" and "organized activities on behalf of women's rights and interests."
Another spike for the word feminism in 2017 occurred in February, after Kellyanne Conway spoke at the Conservative Political Action Committee.
"It's difficult for me to call myself a feminist in the classic sense because it seems to be very anti-male and it certainly seems to be very pro-abortion. I'm neither anti-male nor pro-abortion," they said. "There's an individual feminism, if you will, that you make your own choices. ... I look at myself as a product of my choices, not a victim of my circumstances. And to me, that's what conservative feminism is all about."
They were applauded, and they sent many people to their dictionaries, Sokolowski said. The company would not release actual lookup numbers.
Other events that drew interest to the word feminism was the popular Hulu series, "The Handmaid's Tale," and the blockbuster movie, "Wonder Woman," directed by a woman, Patty Jenkins, Sokolowski said.
Merriam-Webster had nine runners-up, in no particular order:
- Complicit , competitor Dictionary.com's word of the year.
- Recuse , in reference to Jeff Sessions and the Russia investigation.
- Empathy , which hung high all year.
- Dotard , used by Kim Jong-un to describe Trump.
- Syzygy , the near straight-line configuration of three celestial bodies, such as the sun, moon and earth during a solar or lunar eclipse.
- Gyro , which can be pronounced three different ways, a phenom celebrated in a Jimmy Fallon sketch on "The Tonight Show."
- Federalism , which Lindsey Graham referred to in discussing the future of the Affordable Care Act.
- Hurricane , which Sokolowski suspects is because people are confused about wind speed.
- Gaffe , such as what happened at the Academy Awards when the wrong best picture winner was announced. That was a go-to word for the media, Sokolowski said.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Getty Image
Milwaukee Bucks sophomore center Thon Maker may not be a household name, but he's certainly putting their imprint on their team's opening-round series against the Boston Celtics.
Maker played sparingly in the first two games of the series, logging just over a minute combined and making no discernible impact. But the Sudanese big man came alive in Games 3 and 4 and helped their team even things up at 2-2 as the series shifts back to Boston for a pivotal Game 5 on Tuesday night.
The 7-foot Maker scored 14 points and eight points, respectively, in the last two games, including a couple of big three-pointers in Game 4 on Sunday, but arguably made their biggest contributions on the defensive end with five huge blocks in each of those contests.
When asked about their newfound inspiration, Maker pointed to a recent Instagram video featuring Kevin Garnett, wherein the legendary big man discusses both their notorious on-court intensity and their approach to guarding the game's best players.
CANFIELD, Ohio (WYTV) – Christina was at Angels for Animals to learn about what you need to know about and before adopting a pet.
Angels for Animals is located at 4750 W. South Range Road, Canfield, OH 44406.
Visit their website for more information.
By JOSH LEDERMANAssociated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - The State Department says it has received "a handful of reports" from American citizens who say they've experienced symptoms similar to those in attacks of U.S. government workers in Havana. But the U.S. isn't vouching for those reports.
The United States last week issued a travel warning that urges American travelers to stay away from Cuba. The warning said attacks on government personnel have occurred in Havana hotels and the U.S. can't make sure that Americans who stay at hotels wouldn't be harmed.
A State Department official says in the days following the travel warning, some citizens reported having similar symptoms after traveling to Cuba. The official says the U.S. government has "no way of verifying" whether they were harmed by the same attacks that have targeted government employees.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Season five of ITV's Endeavour concluded with a death and a massive shake-up – but fans were mostly relieved to see that their favourite character was still alive and kicking as the credits rolled, assuaging their fears.
Advertisement
*Spoilers for Endeavour season 5 episode 6 follow*
The episode saw the shock death of Lewis Peek's DC George Fancy, a character introduced this year who was apparently caught in the crossfire of a gang war in the latter half of the story. After their death, Cowley police station was shuttered and the team found themselves headed to separate postings, with WPC Trewlove (Dakota Blue Richards) off to pasture new and DCI Fred Thursday (Roger Allam) forced to delay their retirement.
Throughout the broadcast on Sunday night, fans were terrified that Thursday wouldn't make it. There was a close call – they were nearly hit by a stray bullet – and many fans took to Twitter to voice their concerns during the broadcast.
There was the initial creeping fear:
I have a horrible feeling Fred's not going to make it to retirement… #endeavour — Linz (@eighth__doctor) March 11, 2018
Good writing and good acting make Fred Thursday a good character. Hope they survive the episode. #ENDEAVOUR — Paul Emanuelli (@UnpubWrites) March 11, 2018
I don't think Fred Thursday will retire tonight… he'll either keep working because they gave their brother all that money or they will be killed. I'm hoping for option 1 #Endeavour — aoife doyle (@aoifedoyle98) March 11, 2018
There is still 40 mins to go, I'm not stopping my Fred worry until at least 5 past 10 #endeavour — Steve George (@SteveGeorge71) March 11, 2018
I get the Fred fear from the mid point of every season because we all know the old boy's not going to quietly retire. #Endeavour https://t.co/XwxX6fj53R — Mags L Halliday (@magslhalliday) March 11, 2018
This is intolerable. For a second I thought they might have shot Fred by mistake. Morse, you must keep Thursday safe at all costs #Endeavour — Rick J Barry (@IrishBlackbird) March 11, 2018
Which was followed by sweet relief:
Thank god Fred is ok! #Endeavour — June Taylor (@juneandnoz) March 11, 2018
Fred Thursday lives to fight another day. Carry on coppering old boy. #Endeavour pic.twitter.com/zf33wLP9q0 — SirBrianCannonHunter (@TheCannonHunter) March 11, 2018
So happy that Fred Thursday survived though, don't think I could have taken that loss as well. #Endeavour — Lauren (@Cherish4) March 11, 2018
@ScriptULike We can't even watch Series 5 of #Endeavour in Canada yet but I'm reading UK tweets frantically just to make sure Fred Thursday's alright. That's how much this show means to us. #stressed 😧Love to Team Endeavour. — However (@However) March 11, 2018
#Endeavour Poor Win but at least we get more Fred! As well as If there were shades of Unman, Wittering & Zigo and Go-Between, plus Posh/Riot. Were we told who was putting clues in Morse's desk? — Ros Jones (@rosjones25) March 12, 2018
Can't believe that's Series 4 @EndeavourTV finished already! 🙁Gutted! I guess all good things come to an end… Great drama, great acting, great characters… Think I'm in love with Fred Thursday!! 😳Looking forward to more? #Endeavour https://t.co/7smIvZSv5K — Ruth Rathband (@ruthrathband) March 12, 2018
At the end of the broadcast on Sunday night, ITV announced that the show will be returning for a sixth season. And executive producer Damien Timmer told RadioTimes.com that the hunt for whoever killed George Fancy will form a part of the next series.
Advertisement
Endeavour series six is expected to air on ITV in 2019
FG loses N2bn annually to unchecked activities of unregistered IT professionals
By Emeka Aginam
PRESIDENT, Computer Professionals Registration Council of Nigeria, CPN, Prof. Vincent Asor, has said that with over 300,000 unregistered Information Technology, IT, people engaging in one form of computer activity or the other across Federal Government agencies, departments and ministries, the federal government may be losing N2 billion annually.
Asor who stated this while unfolding details of the 2017 IT Professionals Assembly, slated for this month in Abuja with the theme, ‘IT for good governance and economic transformation', noted that money can be raised by the council if each of the 300,000 government workers performing different IT jobs paid N6,500 to CPN as annual dues.
While calling on the federal government to disengage all IT practitioners who are not registered with the CPN from government circles, Asor said the IT practice in Nigeria has the potential to make the economy strong. According to him, “It is illegal to engage in computing practice without satisfying the conditions for registration. By the nature of the profession, which makes it possible for a lot of people to use IT tools in their day-to-day operations, some people are now claiming to be what they are not.”
Admitting that some government agencies are now ready and willing to work with the Council in its regulatory role, they insisted that, “The government should write a memo mandating all its workers engaging in IT practice to register with CPN. The money raised will go back to the government. We need government support to drive this. We need government support to enforce compliance on quackery.”
The post FG loses N2bn annually to unchecked activities of unregistered IT professionals appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NEW YORK (Reuters) - An explosion rocked New York's Port Authority Bus Terminal, one of the city's busiest commuter hubs, on Monday morning and police said one suspect was injured and in custody, with three other injuries reported.
Police were not yet identifying the device used. Local television channel WABC cited police sources as saying a possible pipe bomb detonated in a passageway below ground and WPIX cited sources as saying a man with a “possible second device” has been detained in the subway tunnel.
The fire department tweeted there were four injuries, all non-life threatening. One of the injured was a Port Authority police officer.
The bus terminal was temporarily closed, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey said in a Twitter statement.
A large swathe of midtown Manhattan was closed to traffic, between 45th Street to 40th Street and 7th Avenue to 9th Avenue, police said. Subway trains were bypassing the Times Square station, the city's busiest.
“There was a stampede up the stairs to get out,” said Diego Fernandez, one of the commuters at Port Authority. “Everybody was scared and running and shouting.”
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio and President Donald Trump have been briefed on the incident. New York governor Andrew Cuomo was on the scene.
WABC reported the suspect was in their 20s and was from Bangladesh, and that they have been in the United States for seven years and has an address in New York's Brooklyn.
First reports of the incident began soon after 7 a.m. (1200 GMT), at the start of the city's rush hour. New York in December sees a surge of visitors who come to see elaborate store displays, the Rockefeller Center Christmas tree and Broadway shows.
News of the incident jarred financial markets as trading was getting underway for the week. Standard & Poor's 500 index emini futures pared gains, the dollar weakened against the yen and U.S. Treasury securities prices gained on a modest flight-to-safety bid.
The incident occurred less than two months after an Uzbek immigrant killed eight people by speeding a rental truck down a New York City bike path, in an attack for which Islamic State claimed responsibility.
In September 2016, a man injured more than two dozen people when they set off a homemade bomb in New York's Chelsea district.
(Reporting By Nick Zieminski and Simon Webb in New York, additional reporting by Bernie Woodall and Makini Brice; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
TD Ameritrade Put An Actual Ad on the Bitcoin Blockchain
TD Ameritrade used bitcoin's “memo” area to plant a digital flag on the cryptocurrency's ledger.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from CoinDesk. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Zlatan Ibrahimovic's retirement from international football prompted Sweden to build a fierce collective spirit that has them a game away from the World Cup quarter-finals, according to captain Andreas Granqvist.
Ibrahimovic retired from international football after Sweden bowed out at the group stage of Euro 2016 and speculation over a possible return for Russia 2018 was never given credence by head coach Janne Andersson.
In the former Paris Saint-Germain and Manchester United star's absence, centre-back Granqvist has proved an unlikely goalscoring hero – dispatching penalties in the wins over South Korea and Mexico to set up a last-16 encounter against Switzerland in St Petersburg on Tuesday.
"Nothing in particular has changed, other than we've lost one of the world's best football players," the 33-year-old told a pre-match news conference at Krestovsky Stadium.
"Ever since Janne took over we've built and laid a new foundation. For the past two years throughout the qualifiers we fought for each other, we've shown that very clearly.
"As a team we know that when we do that we can be very strong and get good results.
"Others have been allowed to take a step forward when we lost, as I said, one of the world's greatest football players.
"We've done a good job and you can see this now when we're in the last 16 of the World Cup."
To continue one of the tournament's more unlikely themes, Granqvist has remained with the Sweden squad despite the fact their wife Sophie is due to give birth to their second child on the day of the Switzerland game.
One of Granqvist's potential opponents in St Petersburg, Switzerland forward Breel Embolo, flew home for the arrival of their newborn daughter after last week's final group game against Costa Rica, while England midfielder Fabian Delph is on leave from Gareth Southgate's squad for the birth of their third child.
"My wife is doing great, no changes so far," Granqvist added.
"We'll have to wait and see what happens. I'm fully focused on the game and my wife is very strong."
As marijuana shops sprout in states that have legalized the drug, they face a critical stumbling block — lack of access to the kind of routine banking services other businesses take for granted.
U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren, a Massachusetts Democrat, is leading an effort to make sure vendors working with legal marijuana businesses, from chemists who test marijuana for harmful substances to firms that provide security, don't have their banking services taken away.
It's part of a wider effort by Warren and others to bring the burgeoning $7 billion marijuana industry in from a fiscal limbo they said forces many shops to rely solely on cash, making them tempting targets for criminals.
After voters in Warren's home state approved a November ballot question to legalize the recreational use of pot, they joined nine other senators in sending a letter to a key federal regulator, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, calling on it to issue additional guidance to help banks provide services to marijuana shop vendors.
Twenty-eight states have legalized marijuana for medicinal or recreational use.
Warren, a member of the Senate Banking Committee, said there are benefits to letting marijuana-based businesses move away from a cash-only model.
"You make sure that people are really paying their taxes. You know that the money is not being diverted to some kind of criminal enterprise," Warren said recently. "And it's just a plain old safety issue. You don't want people walking in with guns and masks and saying, 'Give me all your cash.'"
A spokesperson for the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network said the agency is reviewing the letter.
There has been some movement to accommodate the banking needs of marijuana businesses.
Two years ago, the U.S. Department of the Treasury gave banks permission to do business with legal marijuana entities under some conditions. Since then, the number of banks and credit unions willing to handle pot money rose from 51 in 2014 to 301 in 2016.
Warren, however, said fewer than 3 percent of the nation's 11,954 federally regulated banks and credit unions are serving the cannabis industry.
Taylor West, deputy director of the National Cannabis Industry Association, a trade organization for 1,100 marijuana businesses nationwide, said access to banking remains a top concern.
"What the industry needs is a sustainable solution that services the entire industry instead of tinkering around the edges," Taylor said. "You don't have to be fully in favor of legalized marijuana to know that it helps no one to force these businesses outside the banking system."
Sam Kamin, a professor at the University of Denver Sturm College of Law who studies marijuana regulation, said there's only so much states can do on their own.
"The stumbling block over and over again is the federal illegality," they said.
The federal government lumps marijuana into the same class of drugs as heroin, LSD and peyote. Democratic President Barack Obama's administration has essentially turned a blind eye to state laws legalizing the drug, and supporters of legalizing marijuana hope Republican President-elect Donald Trump will follow suit.
Trump officials did not respond to a request for comment. During the presidential campaign, Trump said states should be allowed to legalize marijuana and has expressed support for medicinal use. But they also have sounded more skeptical about recreational use, and their pick for attorney general, Alabama U.S. Sen. Jeff Sessions, is a stern critic.
Some people in the marijuana industry say the banking challenges are merely growing pains for an industry evolving from mom-and-pop outlets.
Nicholas Vita, CEO of Columbia Care, one of the nation's largest providers of medical marijuana products, said it's up to marijuana businesses to make sure their financial house is in order.
"It's not just as simple as asking the banks to open their doors," Vita said. "The industry also needs to develop a set of standards that are acceptable to the banks."
These are all the latest couples currently in the Love Island villa
The latest recoupling on Love Island has taken place – and the first few islanders have left.
Advertisement
But who are the couples that are currently sticking it on in the villa and getting grafting?
After the boys were sent away to Casa Amor for a couple of days, they dramatically returned to the villa to discover whether the girls they had left behind had been busy grafting with new boys – or whether they'd stuck with the boys they'd coupled up with it.
Here are all the couples that are currently paired up on the ITV2 show:
Adam and Darylle
First it was Kendall. Then it was Rosie. Next up it was Zara. And Adam's next conquest turns out to be Darylle, who Adam brings back to the villa. Now the question is, has they found ‘the one'? Or will the next brunette beauty who walks into the villa turn Adam's head? Again?
Ellie and Charlie
After meeting in the villa, Ellie decided to recouple with new boy Charlie. We haven't heard much from either of these two yet, but hopefully they'll be a good match and Ellie will finally have found someone who ticks them boxes!
Samira and Frankie
Sam and Samira were coupled up, but a trip to Casa Amor has split up the couple and Samira has decided to recouple with new boy Frankie.
Sam and Ellie
Jack Fincham's former flame Ellie was put into the Casa Amor villa to cause fireworks between them and Dani. But instead, Sam has cracked on with Ellie and has brought them back to the villa.
Alex and Grace
In Casa Amor, Alex spent most of the time cracking on with Charlie. Then, in the eleventh hour, they suddenly got their graft on with Grace – and they were the girl they decided to bring back to the villa. Will the Doctor finally have found their girl?
Dani and Jack
After a HIDEOUS turn that saw Dani being shown some very misleading footage of Jack in the villa, everything for Love Island's favourite couple looked rather rocky.
However, thank goodness, Dani and Jack decided to recouple with one another and even had a kiss at the recoupling ceremony. Everyone: BREATHE.
Just before Casa Amor, Laura and Wes imploded and Megan and Wes started cracking on. Which left Laura single when the new boys came into the villa. It didn't take long for Jack (Fowler, not Fincham…) to start grafting with Laura. And the graft paid off! The two are now a couple in the villa.
Megan and Alex
Megan was torn with what to do – was they going to stay single in the hope that Wes would too? And that they would return to the villa to pick up where they left off before they went to Casa Amor? Or would they recouple with new boy Alex and give things a go with him?
After a bit of to and fro, Megan made their mind up and went for Alex – and Wes's dejected face when they returned to the villa alone said it all.
Josh and Kaz
If Josh looks a little, um, sheepish in this picture, it's not hard to realise why. Not sure about what to do, they decided to recouple up with Kaz and bring them back to the villa. To make themselves feel better, they explained, they hoped that Georgia had done the same thing and had also recoupled with a new boy.
But there was no such luck. Georgia had stayed loyal to them and looked pretty heartbroken when Josh – who they they said they had feelings for – came back with a new partner.
Who's currently single on Love Island?
The tears in Wes's eyes say it all. After Megan picked new boy Alex and Laura is coupled up with Jack, Wes suddenly finds themselves single in the villa.
Georgia is now single in the villa after Josh decided to recouple with Kaz. As the only singletons now in the villa, maybe them and Wes will start cracking on?! Stranger things have happened in Love Island…
Advertisement
Love Island airs daily at 9pm on ITV2
A California utility has launched hybrid battery and gas turbine systems to produce and store electricity for use during hot summer months when power demand soars.
Officials with Southern California Edison and General Electric said during an event Monday in the Los Angeles suburb of Norwalk that the new Hybrid EGT systems are the first of their kind in the world.
They combine a 10 megawatt lithium-ion battery energy storage system with a gas turbine.
Officials say the systems that went online March 30 in Norwalk and Rancho Cucamonga operate somewhat like a hybrid car — drawing first on the battery, and then switching as needed over to the gas turbine if power demands spike.
Edison says the systems will reduce costs for its operations and for customers.
Headquartered in Chambersburg, Penn., BWise Manufacturing builds both BWise and Bri-Mar trailer brands on its 20-acre property with about 414,000 square feet under roof.
Co-founded in 1995 by Brian Wise and Marcus Blank, Bri-Mar Trailers was started in a family barn with two employees, Bri-Mar was since recognized twice as one of America's top 100 fastest growing new small businesses, currently Bri-Mar Trailers is one of the most recognized trailers brands on the market with trailers on both coasts, Alaska and Hawaii.
In 2012 after spending some time away from the trailer industry, Brian Wise a 25-year veteran of the trailer manufacturing industry founded BWise Manufacturing with the goal to make the most innovative trailers on the market and in 2013, Bri-Mar became part of BWise Manufacturing and moved to its current location.
BWise manufactures as many of its parts as possible in house, including cylinders and hoists, using lasers, press brakes, CNC machining equipment and a state-of-the-art automated powder coating system. All parts and designs are aided by a team of engineers who make sure each manufactured part or assembly is crafted with performance and safety in mind. BWise Manufacturing is dedicated to the safety of its employees and customers and is a member of the National Association of Trailer Manufacturers, adhering to strict trailer manufacturing laws and regulations.
The goal of the BWise Trailer Mall is to bring innovative product and brand awareness to Tennessee and the surrounding states. Currently it occupies a 3-acre property with a well-stocked parts showroom and more than 100 trailers at any given time.
The BWise Trailer Mall also features customer service and knowledgeable staff. Its goal is to not only sell a trailer, but also to partner the customer with a trailer that will meet and exceed their needs for years to come.
Models on the lot include dump trailers, equipment trailers, goosenecks, landscape, ATVs, utilities and more.
BWise Trailer Mall representatives invite the public to come out and celebrate with them during their three-day grand opening event March 22-24. There will be trailer demonstrations, promotional giveaways, a live broadcast from the FISH and free food March 23-24 from 11:30 a.m. until 2 p.m. There will also be a chance to win a free trailer. Enter any day of the open house for the March 24 trailer drawing.
The BWise Trailer Mall is at 2515 Lebanon Road along Highway 70, just east of the Sports Village.
LAS VEGAS — Don Cherry put NHL commissioner Gary Bettman on the spot about expanding the league back into Quebec City.
Cherry and co-host Ron McLean were speaking during their Coach's Corner segment on Wednesday night during the first intermission of Game 2 of the Stanley Cup final between the Washington Capitals and the expansion Vegas Golden Knights. Bettman was standing nearby and the Hockey Night in Canada commentators invited them to step in front of the camera.
“Gary, what I have to say to you here is: Quebec is unbelievable to me,” said Cherry. “There's never been a rivalry in hockey or any sport like Quebec and Montreal. I think they've been very good, they've been keeping their mouths shut. They have not been saying a word.”
The Quebec Nordiques entered the NHL in 1979 as part of the World Hockey Association's merger with the league. After struggling through their first season in the NHL, the Nordiques improved and began a fierce rivalry with the Montreal Canadiens. In 1995 the team relocated to Denver and became the Colorado Avalanche.
In 2015 a bid was made for Quebec City to earn a new expansion team. Buoyed by the completion of the Videotron Centre that year, the Quebec City bid was deferred until a later date. The 18,259-seat arena has hosted several pre-season NHL games.
“They had 18,000 people in there, they have a brand-new building, they're ready to go, I think it's fantastic,” said Cherry before McLean coaxed Bettman in front of the camera. “What do you say? I think they deserve it. They really do.”
Addressing Bettman, McLean explained that although Cherry supported expansion into Quebec, Boston Bruins owner Jeremy Jacobs had recently voiced their misgivings about a team in Quebec City.
“A lot of issues, logistical and otherwise,” said Bettman in response to McLean. “Mr. Jacobs expressed an opinion of some skepticism, but we're not in a process right now and they have one vote.”
Cherry re-stated their case for a return to Quebec City in reply before Bettman leaned over to McLean and said “I think (Cherry) their popularity just went up in Quebec.”
The Voice UK 2018 coaches: Jennifer Hudson
Age: 36
Advertisement
Twitter: @IAMJHUD
Best known for: Coming seventh on American Idol in 2003 but going on to win an Oscar for their starring turn in Dreamgirls with Beyonce and Eddie Murphy. This is their second year on the show and they won The Voice UK in 2017 with Mo Adeniran.
Bio: Born and raised in Chicago, Hudson dreamed of a career in the music industry from a young age. They had just signed their first recording deal when they landed a spot on American Idol, and managed to release themselves in time to take part in the contest.
Hudson came seventh but went on to have a career to rival any Idol winner and even picked up an Oscar while they were at it. The Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress was theirs thanks to a stunning performance in the big screen adaptation of music Dreamgirls, in which they played Effie to Beyonce's Deena Jones.
Them cover of the musical's most famous track, And I Am Telling You I'm Not Going is probably one of Hudson's most famous musical releases – and when you've listened to them perform it you'll understand why.
The singer and four time Grammy nominee also sadly hit the headlines in 2008 after their mother, brother and nephew were murdered.
They made their first public appearance following the tragedy at the Super Bowl in 2009, singing US National Anthem, The Star Spangled Banner.
They also sang for Barack and Michelle Obama's first dance at the US President's Inauguration Ball.
Advertisement
The Voice UK airs Saturdays on ITV.
×
You have now reached your limit of 15 stories this month.
Register for free and continue reading - or subscribe and get unlimited access.
Register for free Get 10 bonus articles
Subscribe to Autosport Plus today Get unlimited access
I already have an account. Sign in
——–
INDIGENOUS CHIEF APPLAUDS HIGH COURT DECISION
The chief of the Williams Lake Indian Band calls a Supreme Court of Canada ruling issued Friday a landmark decision.
In a split decision, the high court restored a ruling by the Special Claims Tribunal in favour of the band, which had argued the colony of British Columbia failed to protect its territory from encroaching settlers and that Canada didn't fix the wrong after the province joined Confederation.
The ruling clears that way for the tribunal to consider a claim by the band to more than 400 hectares of land, including the downtown area of the city of Williams Lake.
Chief Ann Louie says a terrible wrong against Indigenous people has finally been acknowledged and the band looks forward to sitting down with federal officials as soon as possible to figure out how to make amends.
———-
EXPANDED BUS SERVICE POPULAR ON HIGHWAY OF TEARS
The provincial government says about 5,000 people have used new, expanded bus service along the so-called Highway of Tears since it started a year ago.
Transportation Minister Claire Trevena says people in northern B.C., particularly women and teenaged girls, are benefiting from the affordable and safer transportation link between communities along Highway 16.
Service between Smithers and Moricetown began on Jan. 30 last year, and several other new routes were later added to connect Burns Lake and Prince George, Burns Lake and Smithers, and Terrace and the Hazeltons.
The provincial government has committed to spending $6.4 million over five years to cover the service costs and two-thirds of the operating expenses of the bus service, to be shared with local governments and First Nations.
———-
B.C. CHAMBER SUPPORTS ALBERTA ON PIPELINE
The B.C. Chamber of Commerce says it wants Alberta to know it still has friends in the province when it comes to the latest dispute over the Trans Mountain pipeline.
The group representing 36,000 B.C. businesses says not everyone agrees with the New Democrat government's proposal to restrict new shipments of bitumen off the coast until it can determine that shippers are prepared and able to properly clean up a spill.
The move would block Kinder Morgan's planned expansion of its Alberta to Burnaby pipeline but chamber president Val Litwin says a recent poll suggests 51 per cent of their group's members support the project.
Litwin is encouraging project supporters to stand up and be counted.
——–
DECADE-OLD MURDER OF AGENT IS STILL UNSOLVED: FATHER
The family of a 24-year-old real estate agent who was killed 10 years ago says they are still looking for justice.
The father of Lindsay Buziak says they will be thinking of their killers celebrating a decade of walking free after they were stabbed to death while showing a house in Saanich.
They led a Walk For Justice Friday past the site where their daughter was murdered and then to the police station.
Saanich Police say they're still actively investigating the murder and say much of the speculation on social media about the case is either false, misleading or deliberately fabricated.
———-
PICTURES RELEASED OF RESTAURANT ASSAULT SUSPECT
Abbotsford police have released surveillance photos of a man accused of assaulting a woman at a McDonald's restaurant a week ago.
Police say there were called to the fast food outlet for a report of a possible domestic assault Jan. 26.
They say the man and woman involved in the incident had already left when officers arrived.
But police say they began searching for a suspect when security footage showed a couple arguing outside the front doors and then the man hitting the woman in the head with their hand.
———-
The Canadian Press, Vancouver
WASHINGTON — The Senate on Tuesday voted to confirm one of President Donald Trump's nominees to serve on the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans.
Republicans used their majority to push Kyle Duncan's confirmation through on a 50-47 vote over the objections of Democratic lawmakers and liberal advocacy groups that described them as a conservative culture warrior. Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia was the only Democrat to vote in favour of Duncan's confirmation.
Duncan was lead counsel in the Hobby Lobby case before the Supreme Court, which decided that some corporations can hold religious objections that allow them to opt out of a requirement to cover contraceptives for women. They also served as general counsel of the Becket Fund for Religious Liberty, which describes its mission as protecting the free expression of all faiths.
Democrats questioned whether Duncan could be an impartial arbitrator given the cases they had worked on. The Congressional Black Caucus urged the Senate to reject their nomination because of their work defending a North Carolina voter ID law. Gay rights groups and organizations that support abortion rights also were critical.
“He is out of the mainstream. In fact, they are out of the stream entirely,” said Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn.
Republican Sen. John Kennedy of Louisiana said some senators were confusing the role of the lawyer and client. Duncan has extensive experience arguing more than 30 cases in federal and state appellate courts, and they have represented Louisiana in several high-profile cases, Kennedy said. They called them a careful thinker and articulate.
“I do not recognize, Mr. President, the Kyle Duncan being described by some of my colleagues,” Kennedy said.
The vote represented another high-profile appellate court confirmation for Trump, who had a record number of circuit judges approved in their first year in office.
Organizations that are on opposing sides on the abortion issue reacted with starkly different views of the vote.
Planned Parenthood said, “President Trump is radically remaking an entire branch of government.” Americans United for Life said Duncan's decades of experience and their respect for the Constitution “make them an excellent choice.”
NEW YORK — The Mets have hired two new public address announcers for Citi Field, including the first woman to hold the job and a grandson of late ABC broadcaster Howard Cosell.
Marysol Castro will start work at Thursday night's homestand opener against the Chicago Cubs, and Colin Cosell will debut on Saturday night.
Alex Anthony was the announcer from 2002-17, making the move with the team from Shea Stadium to Citi Field. They were replaced on an interim basis at the start of this season by Rob Rush, also the announcer for the NBA G-League's Long Island Nets.
Castro has worked at WPIX and News 12 The Bronx in New York, and was a weather anchor on ABC's “Good Morning America” for seven years.
Cosell won three Emmy Awards with MSG Varsity and is currently working freelance for Verizon FiOS1 Sports.
New York announced the hirings Wednesday. They become the Mets' 12th and 13th ballpark announcers after Jack E. Lee (1962-August 1966), Dan Reilly (two 1966 homestands), Jack Lightcap (1966-70), Loren Matthews (1970-76), Jack Franchetti (1977-87), Pete Larkin (1998-93), Don and Doug Gould (1994), Del DeMontreaux (1995-99), Roger Luce (2000-03) and Anthony.
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbasebal
NEW YORK — A judge in New York ruled Wednesday against the makers of “Sesame Street” in a dispute with the distributor of the upcoming Melissa McCarthy movie, “The Happytime Murders.”
U.S. District Judge Vernon Broderick ruled that distributor STX Productions can continue to use the tagline “No sesame. All street” in promoting the R-rated film, which features Muppet-like puppets in a comedic crime story.
Sesame Workshop sued last week, seeking to end the inclusion of the tagline in promotional materials ahead of the film's Aug. 17 release. The company argued the public would be confused and think the movie was supported by “Sesame Street.”
The judge heard oral arguments before issuing their ruling. They said Sesame Workshop didn't demonstrate that moviegoers were confused or that sponsors or parents were complaining.
“We're fluffing love Sesame Street and we're obviously very pleased that the ruling reinforced what STX's intention was from the very beginning — to honour the heritage of The Jim Henson Company's previous award-winning creations while drawing a clear distinction between any Muppets or Sesame Street characters and the new world Brian Henson and team created,” STX said in statement.
BOISE, Idaho — Chandler Hutchison scored 21 points, Justinian Jessup added 18 more and Boise State held on in overtime Saturday night for a 93-91 win over UNLV.
Boise State (19-4, 9-2 Mountain West Conference) held UNLV scoreless for nearly three minutes in overtime, jumping out to an 88-82 lead behind Christian Sengfelder's layup and 2-for-2 shooting from the line by Marcus Dickinson and Hutchison, but had to scramble down the stretch as the Rebels closed in over the final two minutes.
Brandon McCoy's 3-pointer with 25 seconds left cut the gap to 90-89 and UNLV (16-7, 5-5) again pulled to within a point on a pair of free throws from Jordan Johnson with six seconds to go. Jessup then went 1 for 2 from the line to set the final score and McCoy missed a layup at the other end as time expired.
Lexus Williams and Dickinson got 12 apiece and Sengfelder had 10 to help the Broncos get the season sweep. Hutchison also dished out eight of Boise State's 17 assists.
UNLV, which forced overtime with a pair of free throws from Jordan Johnson to tie the game at 82 at the end of regulation, got 24 points from McCoy and 23 from Johnson. Shakur Juiston added 17 points and Jovan Mooring had 12 for the Rebels.
VIDEO: Lekki Hood Finest ft. Riky Rick & Davido – Energy
Nigerian trapper LHF also known as Lekki Hood Finest releases the visuals to their 2018 single ‘Energy' featuring Riky Rick and Davido. The video was shot in South Africa.
Enjoy!
The post VIDEO: Lekki Hood Finest ft. Riky Rick & Davido – Energy appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The Museum of Failure in Hollywood has opened and it features the largest collection of failed products and services from around the world.
Their collection includes a board game featuring Donald Trump, a collection of unpopular Oreo flavoured biscuits, Colgate Beef Lasagne, Crystal Pepsi, and Bic pens for them
From Digital Spy
Whisper it, chère, but it looks like the ball is slowly beginning to roll on the Gambit front.
After pretty much years of setbacks, delays and non-starts, The Hollywood Reporter is now reporting that a new director is being lined up to take over the X-Men spin-off.
Rumour has it that Gore Verbinski, the man behind the first three Pirates of the Caribbean films, is in the running to lead Channing Tatum to a royal flush.
And if anything, we actually have Ryan Reynolds to thank.
Photo credit: Pascal Le Segretain / Marvel / Getty Images More
Related: Channing Tatum's X-Men spin-off Gambit IS still happening
Insistent that Gambit was still happening, Channing Tatum recently revealed that the successes of Deadpool and Logan have led to Fox giving Gambit another chance.
"We lit a fuse on the first one and just blew it completely out of the water. I think we got lucky – we got hit with some setbacks and it was all for a good reason," they explained.
Name-checking Deadpool and Wolverine epic Logan, they added: "We were trying to do something completely different. We were trying to do something that this genre of movie hasn't seen before."
But although things are certainly looking up for the Cajun card dealer, there's still no word yet as to when shooting will begin, let alone any inkling of a release date.
No pressure guys, but it better be worth the wait.
Want up-to-the-minute entertainment news and features? Just hit 'Like' on our Digital Spy Facebook page and 'Follow' on our @digitalspy Twitter account and you're all set.
You Might Also Like
NAZAS: Ensuring Empowerment for the Less-privileged
In a life-changing experience, some beneficiaries went home with gift items and cash donations from the Nasfat Agency for Zakat and Sadaqat (NAZAS), a non-governmental organisation, during disbursement of Zakat to the needy in the society at a Ramadan lecture organised in Lagos recently. Funke Olaode writes
In order to create peaceful-co-existence between the poor and the rich and maintain balance in the society, Islam strongly advocates charity as a means of sharing wealth to cater for others, while it also emphasises the issue of feeding and empowering the poor.
Fulfilling this injunction, the NASFAT Agency for Zakat and Sadaqat, NAZAS, a non-governmental organisation saddled with the responsibility of taking care of the needy in the society recently empowered some beneficiaries with some gift items and cash donations.
This was done during an annual Ramadan lecture organised by NASFAT Surulere branch at the National Stadium Mosque in Lagos under the watchful eyes of some dignitaries and Alhaji Shamusudeen Oladele Afunku who represented NAZAS chairperson, Mr. Niyi Yusuf.
The Beginning
Though incorporated on January 31, 2014, NAZAS commenced operations in May 2014 with the recruitment of the pioneer general and operations manager, and eight-man board of directors who are specialist in their fields. The agency was formally launched on June 21 the same year, which coincided with the first day of Ramadan.
Committed to touching lives, the agency swung into action immediately through empowerment and scholarship programmes, which cut across primary, secondary, tertiary schools, visually impaired, law school and prison inmates.
The agency's benevolent act is not limited to individuals alone as it had reached out to the vulnerable within the society through donations of relief materials to the Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs). Also, through its public health initiative, the agency has been collaborating with the Islamic Medical Association of Nigeria (IMAN) to provide free medical services to the downtrodden in underserved locations.
Headed by its chairperson Mr. Niyi Yusuf, the agency was able to achieve all of this with the support and commitments of donors and kind-hearted Nigerians who have volunteered some of their yearly earnings in form of Zakat. So far, the agency has spent over N70 million in providing succour to the less privileged in the society.
Joyful Beneficiaries
In an interview with THISDAY, some of the beneficiaries couldn't hide their joy as they received cash donations ranging from N200,000 to N250,000 and gift items such as deep freezers, coolers, photocopy machines and so on.
For a physically-challenged young man, Lukman Oluwo from Shomolu area, it was a moment of shock, excitement and emotion for them having received N200,000 to start their water and soft drink business. Oluwo's story was pathetic having been short-changed by a relation they once lived.
“I was assisting my mother in their petty trading when I was empowered by NAZAS through NASFAT Ikeja branch. I bought deep freezer and my business was going on fine. Unfortunately I was short-changed by a relation who took advantage of my predicament. They seized all these things, pushed me to the street and ran away. With this N200,000 from NAZAS, I will build a container and start up my business and by the grace of God I will rise again. I am grateful to NAZAS.”
A trader from Mushin area, Hazizat Adelagun Arike, who received a cash donation of N200,000, had a pathetic story to tell. They explained, “I currently sleep in the mosque but God used these kind-hearted individuals through NAZAS to put an end to my homelessness and resuscitate my business. I am a petty trader trading in pure water and soft drinks. But due to challenge I have been struggling. With this money I will get an accommodation and put my business back on track. I pray to God to continue to be with them and family.”
With a cheque of N250,000 to boost their petty trade, Shittu Sherifat enthused, “Honestly, NAZAS is God-sent. I am a trader selling lady's wears, household utensils. I hawk around moving from one complex to another. I heard about this NAZAS through member of NASFAT Ikeja. I obtained the form in 2014 and God remembered me through them. I didn't expect it. I didn't know anybody among them. I got married and moved to Ibadan. This money has put an end to my hawking as I would go and rent a shop.”
Timely Lecture
The disbursement exercise was preceded by a Ramadan lecture delivered by two guest speakers, Alhaji Daud Oniyide and Alhaji Isiak Folorunsho Faagba.
In their presentation titled ‘The Benefits of Giving in Islam', Alhaji Oniyide of Lagos State University said the lecture could not have come at a better time as it is relevant in the Holy month of Ramadan. According to him, “it becomes imperative to analyse and enumerate the importance of the lecture. Why? Because it aims at shedding more light on the concept of spending and giving; particularly in this month of blessing, forgiveness, charity and of doing good deeds.”
Speaking further, Oniyide asked rhetorically, “Have you ever noticed that life doesn't offer equal opportunities to people as it elevates some people and empower them with abundance of wealth while some are begging for their daily food and at times dying of poverty?
Oniyide explained that giving is necessary to any man that is being denied to meet the basic needs of life; like food, clothing, shelter who can feel neglected and estranged. Poverty, they stressed, leaves its victims hopeless and vulnerable.
They said it becomes imperative to come to the aid of these less privileged and relieves them of their predicament by giving them financial, moral and emotional support at all times.
“This is why Islam has organised an institution of charity such as NAZAS to eradicate poverty and cater for the have-not. And it has become a religious obligation upon whoever Almighty Allah endowed with abundance of wealth to stand and respond to the need of such people, giving them the basic needs of life. Islam preaches that everybody should have a meaningful life.
And on charity giving in Islam, Oniyide said it can be in form of money, food, sharing of experience and spending valuable time with those who need assistance, an act they noted maintains and strengthens good relationship between the giver and the recipient.
And for Zakah, Oniyide said it is important as it was mentioned in the Qur'an 30 times and combined with salat in seven times. “Zakah is the third pillar of Islam. It is a specific payment prescribed to all Muslims both male and female, matured and saint whenever their wealth reaches a specific level and is adequately distributed to a specific group of people in the community.”
Corroborating Oniyide, Alhaji Faagba also admonished the Muslim faithful to pay their Zakat as at when due because that is the only one God accepts and the one that can redeemed one's sins in the sight of God. The cleric said Zakat is not for boastful individual in terms of donation as they have to be modest while giving and even adopt the saying that “don't allow your left hand to know what the right hand is doing. Be a cheerful giver.”
Enumerating the benefits of giving they said it hastens prayers to be answered by God; ensures divine favour from the Almighty and in prosperity, and that givers will never lack.
Advising the listeners to embrace humility, Faagba said “in whatever position you find yourselves, don't be arrogant with it because God is the giver of positions, and even as Moslems be patient and persevere in the face of adversity, provocation and challenges, and above all, be like God in forgiveness, patience and mercy.”
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Breaking: Ex-Katsina Gov. Shema remanded in EFCC custody – Vanguard
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Africa - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Do your glasses need a little touch up?
Opticians will be at the Old Building of the American Legion in Rock Springs from 1 p.m. to 3 p.m. on Wednesday, February 7th. They will help with glasses adjustments, cleanings, and minor repairs.
This is a free event and is open to the public.
CHAPEL HILL, N.C. — North Carolina finally got its offence — and maybe its confidence — going again.
Luke Maye scored 26 points to help the 19th-ranked Tar Heels beat Pittsburgh 96-65 on Saturday night, ending their first three-game losing streak in four years.
“Our guys around here, you lose a couple and the kids start feeling the pressure because they're such good kids,” UNC coach Roy Williams said.
The response was a positive, if for no other reason than the Tar Heels (17-7, 6-5 Atlantic Coast Conference) had a relatively stress-free night while matching their best scoring output in league play.
The Tar Heels also shot 51 per cent, made 11 3-pointers and dominated the boards (47-28) en route to 22 second-chance points. Maye led six players in double figures, including junior Kenny Williams, who had their best scoring night after several rough games. And Theo Pinson (13 rebounds, eight assists) played a strong floor game.
In short, they made things look routine against a team that's yet to win an ACC game.
“We needed tonight,” Pinson said.
UNC found itself in a close game late in the first half before blowing it open with a big run spanning halftime. Graduate transfer Cameron Johnson scored eight points against their former team in UNC's 14-3 half-ending flurry, which grew to 25-5 when Joel Berry II hit their fourth 3-pointer for a 56-37 lead with 16:48 left.
Freshman Marcus Carr scored 22 points for the Panthers (8-16, 0-11), who hit eight first-half 3s to hang around but made 2 of 16 after halftime as the Tar Heels' lead ballooned.
That sent Pitt to its 11th straight loss, the longest skid in program history.
“They played well obviously,” Panthers coach Kevin Stallings said. “I didn't think that we did so much, but certainly you have to give them credit. It probably wasn't the most ideal time to catch them.”
BIG PICTURE
Pittsburgh: Things keep getting worse for the Panthers. They entered Chapel Hill ranked last in the league in major categories such as scoring offence, shooting percentage, rebounding margin and turnover margin. Now they've lost 15 straight regular-season ACC games and are approaching a year since their last win.
“Maybe I'll feel a little differently when I see the film,” Stallings said. “But I think we can play better than that.”
UNC: The Tar Heels were facing the possibility of their first four-game losing streak since February 2010, the only one of the Roy Williams era. And the past week in particular had been bumpy: There was an overtime home loss to North Carolina State last weekend, a loss at No. 20 Clemson on Tuesday and the suspension of first-year student guard Jalek Felton from the university for unspecified reasons. This win — a get-right cruise in front of a friendly crowd — might have helped drain a bit of building tension.
FAMILIARITY
Pitt initially blocked Johnson's attempt to move to UNC with immediate eligibility, citing an internal policy, before relenting last summer. They finished with 14 points.
“I tried not to look at this game any different, you know what I mean?” Johnson said. “Obviously you're going to feel some things when you play against your former team. I spent three years there, I grew up in Pittsburgh, my dad played at Pitt, my mom went to nursing school there, and my brother is still doing research for the university, so obviously I have a pretty strong connection there.”
Stallings deflected questions afterward about Johnson.
“I don't like to comment on other people's players,” they said. “Ask Roy about how they played. I couldn't tell you. I was worried about my guys.”
WILLIAMS' JUMPER
Kenny Williams scored 15 points on 6-for-9 shooting, including 3 of 5 from behind the arc. They had failed to reach double figures in five of the past six games.
“I wasn't thinking about the shots,” they said. “I was just stepping into it and doing everything that I've worked on.”
UP NEXT
Pittsburgh: The Panthers visit No. 20 Clemson on Thursday.
UNC: The Tar Heels host No. 4 Duke on Thursday night in the latest renewal of the fierce rivalry.
——
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP–Top25
——
Follow Aaron Beard on Twitter at https://twitter.com/aaronbeardap
WARSAW, Poland — Poland's Foreign Ministry says the nation's permanent representative to the European Union has stepped down and the resignation has been accepted.
Foreign Minister Witold Waszczykowski said Friday that Jaroslaw Starzyk, 54, had submitted their resignation for “personal reasons.” The ministry later said the resignation was accepted, giving no other details.
But the Onet.pl news portal said documents suggesting that Starzyk could have collaborated with communist-era intelligence were found in archives. The portal said Starzyk had concealed the fact of collaboration.
Under Polish law, officials to state offices must declare any communist-era collaboration and anyone caught lying is subject to being dismissed.
Starzyk was appointed in February 2016 by the ruling Law and Justice party, which has vowed to eliminate vestiges of communism from state bodies.
Activists rejected an apology on Monday from a prominent television news host for remarks they made that a rapist and murderer should have kept their victim alive to “keep them for using again,” saying they were not genuinely sorry.
Meas Rithy, deputy director of Hang Meas TV, caused outrage when they made the comments during their popular “Morning News Show” on Thursday, in which they also told women to “sweet-talk your rapist” and not resist.
They initially referred to a case involving an 18-year-old woman, Sovan Sokmalin, who was raped and murdered after taking a taxi from Phnom Penh to Svay Rieng province on August 2. Them body was dumped face down in a rice field and tied to a rock, after the taxi had arrived in the province. Mr. Rithy then broadened the discussion to talk generally about rape and women putting themselves in danger. Two men have been arrested in connection with Sovan Sokmalin's death, according to police.
After women's groups organized an online petition against the presenter, Mr. Rithy apologized on air on Monday during their show but repeatedly defended their actions and said they were trying to educate women.
“He didn't mean the apology at all,” Ros Sopheap, executive director of Gender and Development for Cambodia, said on Monday.
In a 27-minute video clip from their morning show posted on their Facebook page, Mr. Rithy insisted they meant no harm.
“I have no bad intentions toward anyone,” they said. “But now, I have to apologize to individuals or women who said that my words were not good, not correct. If it affected those people, I would like to apologize.”
Mr. Rithy insisted they spoke in humor and their comments were meant to educate. “I am thankful for the criticism and see all the loopholes that I did not think about. I apologize for the joking.”
But Cambodian blogger Catherine Harry, who posted a video discussing Mr. Rithy's comments last Friday, said their apology wouldn't cut it. “Most of the time, they were trying to further defend what they said just to save their own skin,” Ms. Harry said.
“He kept trying to dismiss their remarks as a ‘joke' that meant no harm. The public, especially the media, needs to understand that such ‘jokes' are not harmless. It perpetuates the rape culture, which has claimed hundreds of victims.”
The activists now plan to send an open letter to the information and women's affairs ministries asking the government to issue a warning to Mr. Rithy, Ms. Sopheap said, and to write to Hang Meas TV suggesting they train Mr. Rithy to avoid such comments in the future.
A petition organized by women's rights activists on Saturday demanding that Mr. Rithy apologize publicly and be held accountable to the government's new code of conduct for media outlets reporting on violence against women gathered about 1,500 signatures before Mr. Rithy appeared on television on Monday to apologize.
On the phone on Monday, Mr. Rithy said any request of further action would “go beyond” what is necessary.
“I don't know whether they [the activists] really have the intention of helping women or not,” Mr. Rithy said. Mr. Rithy added that they didn't believe their comments had violated the new code of conduct but added that they would follow any ministry advice.
Moeun Chhean Nariddh, director of the Cambodian Institute for Media Studies, begged to differ.
“I think this is in violation of the code of ethics, not only for journalists but for the general public, for Facebook users, and even moral ethics,” Mr. Chhean Nariddh said.
However, they said that if Mr. Rithy continued to make similar comments, their station should take action rather than the government.
Ms. Sopheap said the activists hoped to submit the finalized open letter to the ministries today.
“I certainly don't think people should sweep this matter under the rug simply because they appeared in public and defended their words and action,” Ms. Harry said. “A joke is not funny when he's the only one laughing.”
sanders@cambodiadaily.com, sony@cambodiadaily.com
© 2017, The Cambodia Daily. All rights reserved. No part of this article may be reproduced in print, electronically, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written permission.
Aisha Buhari Welcomes New Year Baby
To usher-in the new year, wife of the president, Aisha Buhari welcomed Miss Oghenetega Flourish Emiakpo who was born at midnight at Gwarimpa General Hospital in Abuja, and weighed 3.9kgs.
The president's wife, who was represented by their senior speical assitant, Dr Hajo Sani, saluted the medical team led by Dr Theophilius Unachukwu and Dr Aisha Ibrahim, and congratulated the proud couple Mr and Mrs Efe John Emiakpo on their first child and new year blessing.
Sani who was accompanied by the acting director-general of NAFDAC, Mrs Yetunde Oni, and staff of the federal ministry of women affairs and social development among other officials, presented baby products to the couple to support their new role as parents.
Speaking to journalists after presenting special packages to other mothers across the wards in the hospital, the senior special assistant acknowledged the hardship Nigerians are undergoing, especially in regard to healthcare.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian News from Leadership News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
PITTSBURGH — Tyler Bozak scored two goals and the Toronto Maple Leafs got off to a fast start in a 4-3 victory over the Pittsburgh Penguins on Saturday night.
Conner Brown and James van Riemsdyk scored in the first 1:42 of the game, and Bozak also scored in the first period. Mitch Marner had three assists for the Maple Leafs, who have won five of seven.
Frederik Andersen stopped 33 shots for their 50th win with the Maple Leafs. Andersen has won 11 of their last 15 starts.
Evgeni Malkin scored their ninth goal on the power play and Riley Sheahan got their third for Pittsburgh. Sidney Crosby scored their 13th with 2:48 to play, but the Penguins couldn't tie it. Pittsburgh had won five of six.
LIGHTNING 4, JETS 3, OT
TAMPA, Fla. (AP) — Brayden Point scored 36 seconds into overtime and Tampa Bay completed a perfect four-game homestand.
Point eluded a Winnipeg defender and put back a backhander past Connor Hellebuyck for the win.
Yanni Gourde, Mikhail Sergachev and Nikita Kucherov also scored for Tampa Bay, and Andrei Vasilevskiy made 17 saves.
Andrew Copp, Kyle Connors and Nikolaj Ehlers scored for Winnipeg, which has lost three straight for the first time this season. Hellebuyck stopped 24 shots.
KINGS 3, HURRICANES 2, OT
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Tanner Pearson scored on their own rebound 4:40 into overtime and Los Angeles edged Carolina for its eighth consecutive victory, the longest winning streak in the NHL this season.
The struggling Hurricanes scored twice in the third period to force overtime on goals from Elias Lindholm and Victor Rask. Scott Darling stopped 18 shots.
Anze Kopitar and Tyler Toffoli each scored and assisted on the other's goal for the Kings in the second. Jonathan Quick had 32 saves.
On a delayed penalty, Lindholm took the rebound of Brock McGinn's shot and sent it past Quick at 17:38 of the third to tie it.
The Hurricanes have lost five of six games overall, and six of seven against the Kings in Los Angeles.
RANGERS 5, DEVILS 2
NEW YORK (AP) — Mats Zuccarello scored twice, Henrik Lundqvist stopped 26 shots and New York won for the 10th time in its last 11 at home.
Jimmy Vesey, Jesper Fast and Kevin Hayes also scored for the Rangers, and Rick Nash had two assists.
Damon Severson and Miles Wood scored for New Jersey, which lost its second straight to a Metropolitan Division opponent. Keith Kinkaid finished with 34 saves.
After Severson cut the Rangers' lead to 2-1 midway through the middle period, they made a costly turnover while New Jersey was on a power play, leading to Zuccarello's short-handed tally less than three minutes later. It gave Zuccarello at least a point in seven of the last nine games.
Zuccarello made it 4-1 off a cross-ice pass from J.T. Miller at 6:21 of the third.
GOLDEN KNIGHTS 5, STARS 3
DALLAS (AP) — David Perron, Reilly Smith and Brayden McNabb scored in a span of 3:37 during the second period, and Vegas held off Dallas for its fourth straight victory.
The Stars have lost three in a row following a five-game winning streak.
Perron's power-play goal at 4:58 broke a 1-all tie and McNabb scored at 8:35 for a 4-2 lead. Alex Tuch had the Golden Knights' first goal in the first period, and Erik Haula scored into an empty net with 42 seconds left.
Maxime Lagace made 36 saves for Vegas. They allowed goals by Tyler Pitlick in the first period, Jason Spezza in the second and Jamie Benn in the third but held Dallas scoreless for the final 15:43.
BRUINS 3, ISLANDERS 1
BOSTON (AP) — Brad Marchand and Jake DeBrusk scored, Tuukka Rask stopped 30 shots and Boston beat New York.
Danton Heinen added an empty-net goal, and Torey Krug and David Pastrnak each had two assists for the Bruins, who won for the eighth time in 10 games.
Anders Lee scored and Jaroslav Halak made 29 saves for New York, which has lost four of five.
Rask earned their fourth straight win after struggling to a 3-8-2 start this season.
BLUES 6, RED WINGS 1
DETROIT (AP) — Jaden Schwartz knocked home their own rebound and St. Louis scored four times on only five shots in beating Detroit.
Vladimir Sobotka, Scottie Upshall, Jay Bouwmeester, Brayden Schenn and Dmitrij Jaskin also had goals for the Blues in their third straight victory. Jake Allen made 28 saves.
Frans Nielsen scored for the Red Wings, who have won just once in their last eight games.
AVALANCHE 7, PANTHERS 3
SUNRISE, Fla. (AP) — Nathan MacKinnon and Alexander Kerfoot scored 41 seconds apart in the second period and Colorado topped Florida to snap a four-game skid.
Colin Wilson, Erik Johnson and Mikko Rantanen also had goals for the Avalanche. Matt Nieto and Carl Soderberg both scored into an empty net late in the third, and Semyon Varlamov stopped 39 shots.
Jonathan Huberdeau, Denis Malgin and Aaron Ekblad scored for the Panthers, who have lost four of five. James Reimer made 23 saves.
After trailing 2-1, Colorado scored two quick goals in the second to take the lead.
BLUE JACKETS 1, COYOTES 0
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — Josh Anderson scored 30 seconds into the game and Sergei Bobrovsky did the rest, earning their 23rd career shutout as Columbus blanked Arizona.
The reigning Vezina Trophy winner made 35 saves for their fourth shutout this season as the Blue Jackets won their second game in two days and 10th out of 13.
Antti Raanta started in goal for the Coyotes after missing seven games with an injury and was sharp in stopping 33 shots. Arizona lost its third in a row and sixth out of seven.
OILERS 6, CANADIENS 2
MONTREAL (AP) — Jujhar Khaira had their first career two-goal game to lead Edmonton to its fourth win in six games.
Mike Cammalleri, Milan Lucic, Oscar Klefbom and Yohann Auvitu also scored for the Oilers. Laurent Brossoit stopped 22 shots.
Alex Galchenyuk and Phillip Danault scored for Montreal, which has lost three straight at home (0-2-1) since a five-game winning streak. Carey Price was pulled 2:24 into the second period after giving up four goals on 13 shots. Antti Niemi replaced them and stopped 25 of the 27 shots they faced.
SHARKS 5, SENATORS 0
SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) — Logan Couture had a goal and two assists to eclipse 400 career points, and Aaron Dell made 25 saves as San Jose handed Ottawa its third shutout in four games.
Tomas Hertl, Joe Pavelski, Marc-Edouard Vlasic and Melker Karlsson also scored as the Sharks picked up where they left off, earning a convincing win over a struggling team following a comeback victory from three goals down against Carolina on Thursday night.
The Senators took more than 12 minutes to get a shot on goal and were thoroughly outplayed during their 11th loss in 12 games.
Craig Anderson made 45 saves in their seventh straight defeat but got little help from their teammates.
FLAMES 4, CANUCKS 2
CALGARY, Alberta (AP) — Sam Bennett scored the go-ahead goal with 1:10 left and Calgary rallied to beat Vancouver.
Matthew Tkachuk tied it with 8 1/2 minutes remaining and added an empty-netter in the final minute for the Flames. Troy Brouwer had a goal in the first period and Mike Smith made 22 saves.
Jake Virtanen and Brock Boeser scored for the Canucks. Anders Nilsson stopped 31 shots.
——
More AP NHL hockey at https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Two Fugitives, Described As “Dangerous Beyond Description”, Are On The Loose In America
What does it take to be described as “dangerous beyond description” by police?
On Tuesday, Georgia police announced that they are searching for a pair who “killed two guards on a prison bus at around 6:45 AM,” reports VICE.
Donnie Russell Rowe, 43, and Ricky Dubose, 24, were being driven between facilities when they allegedly made their move. After overpowering and shooting guards Christopher Monica and Curtis Blue, police say they used their pistols to carjack a “grass green” Honda Civic.
Taking place about an hour southeast of Atlanta, cops suspect that the fugitives headed west and local, state, and federal authorities are on the hunt.
Other than brutally murdering two prison guards, this may be why police described the two as “dangerous beyond description”: Dubose, who has a bevy of face tattoos, is reportedly a member of an Aryan prison gang, WSBTV reports. They were serving up to 20 years for armed robbery, theft, and aggravated assault against a disabled veteran. Their Facebook says that they have a daughter and once studied music. For their employer, they list “Gangster Disciples”—a meth-trafficking organization [sic] with nearly 3,000 members across southeast Georgia. According to the Macon Telegraph, Rowe was serving up to a life sentence for a crime spree that included an armed robbery at a Super 8 motel and another at a strip club in Atlanta. Damn. While on the hunt, authorities are telling the public not to approach either of the escapees if spotted. No shit. But here's the weird part: the other 30 or so prisoners who were on the bus didn't take the chance to escape. They were probably too damn mortified by the beyond describable danger.
[source:vice]
This post was syndicated from 2oceansvibe.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
For those of you who remember the 1970s, this video will be like a trip down memory lane for you.
And even if you're too young to remember the decade of bell bottom jeans, then you'll see that Chester hasn't really changed an awful lot in 40 years.
We've uncovered this great video showing all the familiar sights of the city, which was filmed by Brian Ellwood during a day out in Chester in 1978.
As you can see, Eastgate Street doesn't look hugely different to today, apart from the 1970s hairstyles and clothing styles of the day.
Other familiar sights shown here include the instantly recognisable Groves and people enjoying a sunny day down at the River Dee, which is shown in remarkable clarity, considering the footage is almost half a century old.
Brian, who transferred the film from Kodachrome super 8mm, told The Chronicle: "I was a regular visitor to Chester when I lived in South Manchester. Now I live in West Cornwall but have very fond memories of days out there."
We break down everything you need to know about Thanos' prized gems ahead of the release of Marvel's new blockbuster
At the heart of the first three phases of the Marvel Cinematic Universe have been the six gems known as Infinity Stones.
Advertisement
Each stone holds a particular power and through the last decade of Marvel movies, various characters have attempted to wield them to enact terrible destruction upon the universe.
As Benicio Del Toro's character The Collector says:
“Before creation itself, there were six singularities. Then the universe exploded into existence, and the remnants of these systems were forged into concentrated ingots… Infinity Stones.”
MCU big bad Thanos intends on acquiring all six stones in order to assemble their Infinity Gauntlet, which will provide them with the ability to control all reality and finally enact their plan to wipe out half the galaxy.
The stones have appeared multiple times in varying ways throughout the 18 movies in the MCU and it's easy to lose track of who has them and where they are. So, we thought we'd catch you up with everything you need to know about the Infinity Stones ahead of Thanos' hunt to control them in Avengers: Infinity War.
The Mind Stone
Name: The Mind Stone
AKA: Loki's Sceptre
Colour: Yellow
First seen: Avengers Assemble, though not revealed as an Infinity Stone until Avengers: Age of Ultron.
Now: In Vision's forehead and keeping them alive.
In the MCU: Way back in the original Avengers, Loki came to Earth to try and rule. One of their weapons of choice was a sceptre given to them by Thanos which they used to control the minds of Hawkeye and Erik Selvig. It was later revealed in Avengers: Age of Ultron that the sceptre contained the Mind Stone, which was then used to bring the Vision to life.
What does it do? So far we've seen the Mind Stone be used to control minds, create energy blasts and power the Vision. It has also been suggested that Scarlet Witch derived their powers from the Mind Stone back in Age of Ultron, potentially leading to their connection with Vision.
The Space Stone
Name: The Space Stone
AKA: The Tesseract
Colour: Blue
First seen: Captain America: The First Avenger
Now: Stolen from the Asgardian vaults by Loki at the end of Thor: Ragnarok. Seen in Thanos' gauntlet in the Avengers: Infinity War trailers.
In the MCU: The Space Stone made its first appearance as the Tesseract, a legendary energy cube of great power stolen by Hydra leader Red Skull. The Tesseract was then used to open the portal to deep space to let in Loki's invading forces in Avengers Assemble before being taken to the vaults of Asgard. In Thor: Ragnarok Loki spotted the Tesseract in the vaults and it was implied that they might have taken it for himself, a theory backed up by the Infinity War trailers which depict Loki handing the blue cube off to none other than Thanos himself.
What does it do? The Space Stone has the power to create interstellar bridges from one end of space to the other. It is, in effect, a portal to other parts of the universe making it an incredibly useful asset to the invading Thanos. The Space Stone was used by Odin and Heimdall to build the Bifrost on Asgard, the rainbow coloured bridge that allows Asgardians access to the nine realms. It is also a powerful source of energy, used to power Hydra's weapons in Captain America: The First Avenger.
The Reality Stone
Name: The Reality Stone
AKA: The Aether
Colour: Red
First seen: Thor: The Dark World
Now: The Collector's Museum
In the MCU: The Aether was the object of desire for Malekith, the leader of the Dark Elves in the Thor sequel. During the film, Natalie Portman's character binds with the Aether making them a target for the evil elf. By the end of the film it was taken by the Lady Sif to the Collector in order to keep distance between the Aether and the Space Stone, which was in Odin's treasure room on Asgard.
What does it do? The Aether has only been glimpsed once so far in the MCU so its full power set remains unknown, but we do know that it turns matter into dark matter by binding with a host and absorbing their life force. Odin describes the Aether as “an ancient force of infinite destruction,” hinting at its status as an Infinity Stone and suggesting its reality-bending powers.
The Power Stone
Name: The Power Stone
AKA: The Orb
Colour: Purple
First seen: Guardians of the Galaxy
Now: Xandar's vaults
In the MCU: In the first Guardians of the Galaxy film, the Orb forms the central focus of the film with pretty much every character seeking it out. It is then revealed that the Orb is home to the Power Stone, a purple ingot of planet-destroying power. In the trailers for Avengers: Infinity War Thanos already has the Power Stone in their Infinity Gauntlet.
What does it do? Among its other uses the Power Stone acts as a mini Death Star, allowing its wielder to destroy planets just by touching the stone to the earth. Ronan, the fanatical Kree villain of the first Guardians film, gains enhanced strength from the stone and intended to use it to destroy all living matter on Xandar, the home of the Nova Corp.
The Time Stone
Name: The Time Stone
AKA: The Eye of Agamotto
Colour: Green
First seen: Doctor Strange
Now: In the possession of Doctor Strange
In the MCU: Doctor Strange introduced the idea of ancient relics of great power chosing a sorcerer to wield them, and the famed Eye of Agamotto apparently chose Strange themselves as its master. In the film we see the stone, housed inside a pendant, being protected by the sorcerers in the New York Sanctum.
What does it do? The Time Stone, when properly used, can reverse or accelerate time. In Doctor Strange it is used as a means of reversing the destruction of the Dark Dimension and Dormammu. The pendant itself, created by the first Sorcerer Supreme, was a means of housing and controlling the power of the stone for use by its owner.
The Soul Stone
Name: The Soul Stone
AKA: Unknown
Colour: Orange
First seen: Unknown
Now: Unknown
In the MCU: The location or identity of the Soul Stone remains unknown within the MCU although there are many theories as to where and what it might be. One such theory revolves around the heart-shaped herb used by Black Panther in Wakanda, suggesting it could be linked to the Soul Stone as it allows T'Challa to communicate with their ancestors. We know that a battle is set to take place in Wakanda during Infinity War, so could this be during the search for the Soul Stone?
What does it do? Very little is known about the Soul Stone but according to the recently released comic book tie-in Avengers: Infinity War Prelude, the stone could be the greatest threat out of all six Infinity Stones. Could it have the ability to bring back characters from the dead?
Avengers: Infinity War will herald the first time that all six of the stones are seen on screen together and could lead to an all-powerful, Infinity Gauntlet-wielding Thanos ruling over the universe. Whatever happens in Infinity War, we know we're in for an epic battle during which reality will be bent, minds altered, space warped, planets destroyed and time shifted.
And who knows? Maybe a few souls will be lost too…
Advertisement
Avengers: Infinity War is released in UK cinemas on Thursday 26th April
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) –
What town, nicknamed “Ski Town USA” has produced more Winter Olympians than any other place in the country?
Steamboat, Colorado….more than 80 Olympians since 1932.
In 1996, what children's TV star had the honor of pouring the wax for the 100 billionth Crayola crayon?
Mister Rogers…a limited edition blue.
In 1964, Congress declared this alcohol America's Native Spirit.
Bourbon.
How long did the worst hangover ever recorded last?
A 37 year old Scotsman suffered four weeks after drinking 60 pints of beer over four days.
What city in the United State has the most hotel rooms?
Las Vegas…152 thousand in 355 hotels….oddly, Phoenix actually has more hotels…nearly 600….but not as many hotel rooms.
What is the most stolen food item in the world?
Cheese….four percent of all the cheese made in the world is stolen.
Which 1977 album features a large, inflatable pig?
Pink Floyd's Animals…the pig was photographed floating above London.
Did you miss an episode of Daybreak or want to re-visit a previous ‘Nugget'? View previous ‘Nugget of Knowledge' entries on WYTV.com .
If you have an idea for a ‘Nugget of Knowledge,' send your idea in an email to Len.Rome@wytv.com .
Marilyn Manson's latest album Heaven Upside Down is, as Manson said in an interview with Dazed, the “most thematic and over-complicated thing” the band has done, rife with references to mythology and the current political climate alike. With song titles like “WE KNOW WHERE YOU FUCKING LIVE” and “KILL4ME,” we can safely assume Heaven Upside Down handles these topics in a most delicate manner.
Stream Heaven Upside Down below and read our review here.
LAGOS, Nigeria — French President Emmanuel Macron has shaken up a two-day visit to Nigeria with a stop at the New Afrika Shrine, a concert hall founded by the late music legend Fela Kuti.
Macron also held talks with Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari on security in Africa's vast Sahel region as the extremist threat grows from groups linked to al-Qaida and the Islamic State organization.
Macron's visit to Africa's most populous nation ends Wednesday.
Their visit to the New Afrika Shrine was for a launch event for the 2020 Season of African Cultures in France.
Macron also is inaugurating an Alliance Francaise cultural centre in Lagos and meeting young Nigerian entrepreneurs.
Along with iOS 11.3.1 for the iPhone and iPad, Apple released macOS 10.13.4 Security Update 2018-001 on Tuesday. The Mac update fixes security issues related to privileges and UI spoofing.
Apple says the High Sierra security update fixes an issue where an application could gain elevated privileges through a memory corruption issue. It also fixes a problem where a flaw in URL handling in text messages could lead to UI spoofing.
The security update is free for macOS High Sierra 10.13.4 users through Updates tab in the App Store app. You can find it by going to Apple menu > App Store, then click the Updates tab. It's also available as a stand-alone installer on Apple's website.
(AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File). File- This Nov. 5, 2017, file photo shows Shalane Flanagan of the United States posing for pictures after crossing the finish line first in the women's division of the New York City Marathon in New York. Flanagan will run...
BOSTON (AP) - Reigning New York City Marathon winner Shalane Flanagan will run in Boston next year in a fourth attempt to win their hometown race.
The four-time Olympian and reigning Chicago Marathon champion will be joined on the men's side by Galen Rupp in a field of elite Americans announced Monday by race sponsor John Hancock. Olympians Desiree Linden, Dathan Ritzenhein, Abdi Abdirahman, Deena Kastor and Molly Huddle also are signed up for the 122nd edition of the world's oldest annual marathon, which is being held April 16.
Last month, Flanagan became the first American woman to win New York since 1977. No U.S. woman has won Boston since 1985. But last April, the Americans had their best finishes since then, grabbing two of the top four women's spots and six of the top ten for men.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Police have released CCTV images as they continue the search for a woman who went missing from their Leeds home two weeks ago.
It is hoped the images, which show Svitlana Krasnoselska at work in the city on March 17, will help to jog someone's memory.
These CCTV images show Svitlana Krasnoselska at work in Leeds last month.
The 40-year-old, who is known to friends as Lana and is originally from Ukraine, was last seen at their home in Micklefield at about 5am on Monday, April 3.
Despite extensive enquiries, officers have been unable to establish their current whereabouts.
Detective Inspector James Entwistle, of Leeds District CID, said: "It has been over two weeks now since anyone has seen Lana, and their family are still desperate to hear that they are okay.
"We are continuing to carry out extensive enquiries to trace them and hope that these images, taken before they went missing, will help to jog someone's memory.
"We remain very concerned for their welfare and urgently need to find out where they are.
"We would ask that anyone who has seen them or who has any information that could assist in tracing them contact us as soon as possible."
Lana is described as 5ft 3in and of medium build, with dark shoulder-length hair which currently has blonde highlights in it.
They were believed to be wearing a black coat with a fur hood and carrying a black handbag with a metal circle detail on it.
Ms Krasnoselska lived in Dunhill Rise, Halton, between September 2016 and March.
Officers are keen to hear from anyone who knew them or who had contact with them during that time to help build up a picture of their lifestyle and the people they knew.
Anyone with information is asked to contact Leeds District CID via 101, quoting log number 716 of April 5.
CAPS seeks to improve staffing ratios after salary raises
During the Fall 2016 semester, the Student Fees Advisory Committee recommended added funding for salary raises for UH's Counseling and Psychological Services unit.
The International Association of Counseling Services recommends University counseling services hire one counselor for every 1,000 to 1,500 students — UH employs one counselor for every 3,647 students.
SFAC granted CAPS a budget increase of $265,161 for fiscal year 2018. SFAC chair and finance junior Brinda Penmesta says the increase could improve the unit's student-to-counselor ratio.
“The increased funding is primarily intended to help CAPS recruit and retain more counselors in order to move towards a more favorable counselor-to-student ratio,” Penmesta said. “Thus better serving students.”
SFAC reviews 34 units annually by sending out a budget report questionnaire, hearing unit presentations and reviewing department's funding histories. Board members then evaluate how the unit addresses student needs, whether the unit operates according to its mission and with other departments, and if there is a demand from students for more or less of the unit's services.
SFAC's determination allowed for salary increases to $57,000 to $95,000 per year for some staff members, and CAPS director Norma Ngo is in the process of hiring new employees for the department.
Based on factors such as degree and years of experience, service and licensure, new hires could be offered salaries up to $70,000, when the previous possible maximum was around $55,000.
Ngo said CAPS is still in the early stages of the hiring process, and they have yet to make any offers.
“I believe we are heading in the right direction, but time will tell as we complete our current and future staff searches,” Ngo said. “I am very hopeful that our salary increases will raise our competitiveness in comparison to other counseling centers.”
The salary increases at CAPS may point to improvement for the unit's hiring competitiveness and staff retention. Student Government Association Sen. Fahad Rehan, who served on SFAC at the time of the CAPS decision, said the benefits are especially evident regarding student-staff relationships.
“A lot of students have the issue where they build up rapport, build up trust with like a certain clinician, and then they just leave without saying anything,” Rehan said.
However, despite an increase in funding, Rehan said CAPS still faces challenges within the unit.
“The problem CAPS is really having now is with space, not with numbers,” Rehan said. “They're still overwhelmed, but that's not what their biggest issue is. Their biggest issue now is the fact that they've got all these students, and they don't have any more space to break students in.”
Rehan proposed CAPS should move into part of the new medical center building on campus once it is built. They said some at CAPS would prefer a new building specifically for CAPS.
The funding awarded to CAPS was allocated from the Student Services Fee, one of the mandatory tuition fees for UH students.
“The best thing that has come out of this is that the students have spoken and believe that more attention and resources should be directed to support their mental and psychological well-being,” Ngo said.
[email protected]
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. — The Latest on the resignation of Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens (all times local):
10:40 a.m.
The prosecutor's office in St. Louis will drop a felony charge of computer data tampering against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens, now that the Republican governor has announced their resignation.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced the decision Wednesday, a day after Greitens' surprise announcement that they would step down effective Friday afternoon.
The charge, filed in April following an investigation by the Missouri attorney general's office, accused Greitens of using a donor list from the veterans charity they founded, The Mission Continues, for their 2016 gubernatorial campaign.
Greitens also was indicted on felony invasion of privacy in February in St. Louis, stemming from an extramarital affair in 2015. The case was dismissed earlier this month and a special prosecutor in Jackson County is still considering whether to refile the charge.
——
This story has been corrected to reflect the charity's name as The Mission Continues.
——
9 a.m.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner is planning to explain the resolution of criminal charges against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens.
Gardner's news conference is scheduled for 10:30 a.m. Wednesday.
They said Tuesday that their office has reached a “fair and just resolution” on charges of tampering with a computer against Greitens.
Greitens announced the same day that they are resigning as governor, effective Friday.
A felony indictment in February accused Greitens of taking an unauthorized and compromising photo of a St. Louis woman during an extramarital affair in 2015.
The charge was dropped earlier this month, but Jackson County prosecutor Jean Peters Baker was appointed special prosecutor to consider whether to refile it.
Baker said in a statement that the investigation is ongoing.
——
8:30 a.m.
On a dreary overcast day, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens stood in a light rain near the Governor's Mansion and recounted their grueling training as a Navy SEAL officer to suggest they would never quit fighting allegations of sexual misconduct and campaign finance violations.
Less than two weeks later, Greitens announced Tuesday that they are quitting with their mission incomplete.
Greitens' departure will become official at 5 p.m. Friday — marking a stunning political defeat for the 44-year-old, self-made warrior-philosopher who had aspirations of someday becoming president.
For those fellow Republicans who had strenuously urged their resignation, Greitens' exit provides the divided party a chance to reunify at the start of a summer campaign season in which it's seeking to unseat Democratic U.S. Sen. Claire McCaskill.
NARRAGANSETT, R.I. — How has the Earth evolved, and what's in store for the future? It's a sticky question that has graduate student Loes van Dam covered in corn syrup by the end of a day in the lab.
They thought using a computer model would be limiting. So they designed and built a large tank, filled it with 2,000 pounds (907 kilograms) of corn syrup, and added six counter-rotating belts to study how tectonic plates drift and shift.
The corn syrup represents the Earth's mantle, which melts to form magma at volcanoes and ridges. The belts are the drifting and shifting tectonic plates. Their intersection is the ocean ridge.
Syrup in the tank, which measures 5 feet (1.5 metres) wide, 5 feet (1.5 metres) long and 1 1/2 feet (0.3 metres) tall, slowly moves as the belts pull apart. Cameras record the flow in what van Dam has named the “ridge zone replicator.” One minute of each experiment equals more than a million years in time, to show how tectonic plates move mantle material.
“It's really cool that with our little experiments, we get clues about how this process has been going on in the past and why those plates are positioned the way they are now,” said van Dam, who studies geological oceanography at the University of Rhode Island's Graduate School of Oceanography in Narragansett.
How plates drift is not thoroughly understood, and computer simulations have difficulty capturing it. Them experiments aim to show how plate tectonics created the sea floor over billions of years, and how those forces are at work today.
“We can understand the flow at all points in the syrup. We're not limited to measuring at a few points, like in a numerical simulation,” they said.
Them experiments are showing that the lava that erupts from volcanoes to form new sea floor may originate at a shallower depth in the Earth than geologists currently think. The model shows more horizontal flow of mantle material than previous models have shown.
That may tell researchers more about the chemical makeup of the Earth's interior, said URI Professor Chris Kincaid, an expert in geophysical oceanography.
To their knowledge, they said, it's the first 3-D model of a mid-ocean ridge system that can migrate in any direction.
“She's trying to put together a clearer picture of the evolution of the Earth,” they said. “If you're trying to understand how the Earth is changing in the future, you need to know that.”
Van Dam, 23 and born in Rotterdam, Netherlands, moved to Novato, California, when they were young. They always picked up rocks that fascinated them and got their first introduction to plate tectonics in a third-grade earth science class.
The research is funded with a grant from the National Science Foundation.
MEXICO CITY — Mexico's former first lady Margarita Zavala has announced they are resigning from the country's conservative National Action Party, known as the PAN.
Zavala is the wife of ex-President Felipe Calderon, who governed from 2006 to 2012. They had previously announced their intention to run for the party's presidential nomination.
But in a video Friday, they said the party's current leadership has cancelled internal elections and “handed the party's most important decision to others.”
That was an apparent reference to last month's announcement of an alliance between the PAN and centre-left Democratic Revolution Party for the July 2018 presidential elections.
Zavala hinted they might still run for the presidency but was not clear, saying only “I resign from the PAN, but not from my duty to participate in politics.”
As for the ads, you'll still have to listen to those with the new personalized playlists, but you may get a video advertisement every now and then that'll let you jam out without any interruptions for 30 minutes. Ads are annoying, without a doubt, but that's a small price to pay to get access to some free music. With the overhauled app, one of the things Spotify said it also wanted to focus on was reducing the amount of data people use while they're streaming. This may not be important for users without mobile data caps, but it'll come in handy for those who do. As such, the new version of the app comes with a data saver feature that can save you up to 75 percent on mobile data -- Spotify says that's based on a 3G connection.
Other than these changes, the Spotify app feels largely the same, with a dark theme and big imagery that makes it easy to browse thorough playlists, artists, albums and podcasts. If you're a paid user, you likely won't notice much of a difference, but for those who enjoy the free service those personalized, on-demand playlists are probably going to make them quite happy.
Middle Belt Youths Dissociate Region From Igbo Quit Ultimatum
Middle belt youths have condemned the recent quit notice issued Igbo living in the North by Arewa Youth Consultative Forum, saying Igbo, just like other Nigerians, have the right to live in any part of the country. The youths, acting on the platform of All Middle Belt Youth Forum, AMBYF, said in a statement by…
The post Middle Belt Youths Dissociate Region From Igbo Quit Ultimatum appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By REGINA GARCIA CANO
Associated Press
LAS VEGAS (AP) - Attorneys for embattled casino mogul Steve Wynn say in court documents that they brokered a settlement with a second woman who accused them of sexual misconduct more than a decade ago.
The documents received earlier this month in state court in Las Vegas say Wynn recently went to the FBI to accuse the woman of trying to extort them by threatening to go public with details from the 2006 settlement.
Lawyer Lisa Bloom, who represents the woman, says their client denies the extortion allegations.
The Associated Press generally doesn't name people who say they are victims of sexual misconduct.
Wynn resigned as chairperson and CEO of Wynn Resorts last month amid allegations from several women that they denied.
The FBI declined to confirm Monday whether it has investigated.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Prom and grad season is here! And so is style expert Afiya Francisco, who showed off great looks and gifts for grad.
Follow-on Instagram & Facebook
Herdsmen killings: ECOWAS set to take major action
The Economic Community of West African States, ECOWAS, is set to take major action following the recent violent nature of herdsmen. The body is set to review regional regulations to curb herdsmen and farmers' crisis in the region. The News Agency of Nigeria, NAN, reports that the ECOWAS Commissioner for Agriculture, Environment and Water Resources, […]
Herdsmen killings: ECOWAS set to take major action
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
ORLANDO, Fla.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 24, 2018--The Jersey Tomato Co., maker of premium New Jersey tomato sauces and salsas, today announced that three flavors of its tomato sauces are now available at all 245 Harris Teeter Neighborhood & Pharmacy stores. The three SKUs available at Harris Teeter are Marinara, Tomato Basil and Spicy. The Jersey Tomato Co. can also be found at Kroger and its family of stores nationwide, including Fred Myer and Ralph's, bringing the Company's products to thousands of points of distribution nationally.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005132/en/
Three tomato sauces from The Jersey Tomato Co., now available at all Harris Teeter stores. (Photo: Business Wire)
“Harris Teeter is an admired grocery partner who recognizes the premium, better-for-you qualities of our products and the world-renowned attributes of the New Jersey tomato,” said Dave Stoff, Founder and CEO of The Jersey Tomato Co. “Thanks to Harris Teeter, shoppers from the District of Columbia to Florida are able to enjoy the naturally lower sodium and farm fresh flavor of sauces from The Jersey Tomato Co. Our sauces can now be found coast to coast, from California to Florida, demonstrating nationwide appreciation for the New Jersey tomato's extraordinary flavor.”
The Extraordinary New Jersey Tomato
All products from The Jersey Tomato Co., including salsas and pizza sauces, are made with 100% New Jersey tomatoes. The New Jersey tomato has been recognized around the world as the best since 1934. The New Jersey tomato is celebrated like the great Italian San Marzano tomato for their outstanding flavor. All products from The Jersey Tomato Co. are marked with the “Made Jersey Fresh” logo, indicating certification from the New Jersey Department of Agriculture that every tomato was grown and harvested in New Jersey.
Better-For-You Tomato Sauces Made From World-Renown Tomatoes
The New Jersey tomato has distinct attributes such as unmatched sweetness, tartness and epic taste. This premium tomato is the result of the New Jersey soil composition, which has an acidic pH balance, combined with the ideal summer climate, which produces a delicious, better-for-you tomato. Because of the New Jersey tomato's inherent qualities, the Jersey Tomato Co. sauces have 60% lower sodium than the other leading tomato sauce brands. Bursting with farm fresh flavor, tomato sauces from The Jersey Tomato Co. are lower in calories and fat, naturally lower in sodium and have no added sugar. No added preservatives allow the naturally occurring flavor to shine through – along with antioxidants and vitamins - making these sauces a healthier than most leading tomato sauce brands.
The Jersey Tomato Co. is a portfolio company of KEEN Growth Capital, a venture fund that invests in and develops early-stage food and wellness companies.
About The Jersey Tomato Co.
All Natural. All Jersey. All Good. The Jersey Tomato Co. sauces and salsas are made with 100% premium New Jersey tomatoes and healthy, fresh ingredients. Five delicious flavors of tomato sauce, two salsas and a pizza sauce, are all bursting with farm fresh flavor and naturally lower sodium - 60% lower sodium than other leading brands. Follow The Jersey Tomato Co. in social media and visit JerseyTomatoCo.com for more.
About KEEN Growth Capital
KEEN Growth Capital invests in early stage food-related companies that generate meaningful social impact in addition to above market financial returns. KEEN has particular focus on healthy snacking, functional foods and patented, science backed companies that positively impact consumer health, environmental and community wellness, and long term disease mitigation. Keen's infusion of intellectual and financial capital delivers enriched outcomes for all stakeholders while creating a healthier world. KEEN is based in Orlando. Ideas welcome everywhere. Visit KEENGrowthCaptial.com for more.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005132/en/
CONTACT: The Jersey Tomato Co. & KEEN Growth Capital
Addison Ames, 917-721-2961
Addison@KEENGrowthCapital.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA FLORIDA NEW JERSEY
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: CONVENIENCE STORE WOMEN OTHER CONSUMER DISCOUNT/VARIETY ONLINE RETAIL RESTAURANT/BAR NATURAL RESOURCES AGRICULTURE ENVIRONMENT RETAIL FOOD/BEVERAGE SPECIALTY SUPERMARKET CONSUMER MEN
SOURCE: KEEN Growth Capital
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/24/2018 09:00 AM/DISC: 04/24/2018 09:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180424005132/en
beIN SPORTS
Cristiano Ronaldo has received a five-game ban following theirs sending off and push on the referee in the Spanish Super Cup.
More to follow...
MILWAUKEE — Right-hander Alex Reyes was activated from the 60-day disabled list by the St. Louis Cardinals after recovering from Tommy John surgery and was set to start against Milwaukee in their first major league appearance since Sept. 29, 2016.
Reyes was 4-1 with a 1.57 ERA two years ago, beating the Chicago Cubs three times and striking out 52 in 46 innings. Reyes felt pain during a pre-spring training bullpen session in February 2017 and was operated on by Cardinals head orthopedic physician Dr. George Paletta.
23-year-old right-hander, Reyes was 3-0 with a 0.00 ERA in four minor league injury rehabilitation starts this month at Class A Palm Beach and Peoria, Double-A Springfield and Triple-A Memphis. They struck out 44 in 23 innings.
Right-hander Mike Mayers was optioned to Memphis before Wednesday's game and right-hander Dominic Leone, out since May 5 with right upper arm nerve irritation, was transferred to the 60-day disabled list.
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
CINCINNATI (AP) — The defense is set to present its case in the Ohio murder retrial of a former University of Cincinnati police officer.
Attorneys for Ray Tensing will start calling witnesses Thursday, with Tensing themselves expected to take the stand as early as Friday.
The state rested its case Wednesday after Dr. Karen Looman of the Hamilton County coroner's office testified that Sam DuBose died instantly from a bullet fired into their head at a downward angle. Tensing looked away as graphic autopsy photos were shown in court.
Tensing, who is white, is charged in the 2015 traffic-stop shooting of the unarmed black motorist.
Tensing they have said they feared for their life as DuBose tried to drive away.
Their first trial ended in a hung jury in November.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – Youngstown State University kicked off Black History Month Saturday with its annual African Marketplace.
It was in the Chestnut Room in Kilcawley Center and was filled with Afrocentric culture.
Vendors sold food and goods, while dancers performed on stage.
The event lasted from noon until 4 p.m.
Click here for more information about this month's cultural events at YSU.
(AP Photo/Kelvin Kuo). Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Nick Foles, right, greets Los Angeles Rams quarterback Jared Goff after the Eagles win during an NFL football game Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017, in Los Angeles.
(AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill). Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz, right, is tackled by Los Angeles Rams linebacker Samson Ebukam (50) and inside linebacker Bryce Hager during the second half of an NFL football game Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017, in Los...
(AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill). Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz gets tackles during the second half of an NFL football game against the Los Angeles Rams Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017, in Los Angeles. Wentz left the game shortly after the play and did ...
By ROB MAADDI
AP Sports Writer
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - Eagles star quarterback Carson Wentz has a torn left ACL and will miss rest of the season and playoffs, coach Doug Pederson confirmed.
Wentz, a favorite in the NFL MVP race, had an MRI on Monday that revealed the severity of the injury. Wentz was hurt late in the third quarter Sunday at Los Angeles. Backup Nick Foles rallied the Eagles (11-2) to a 43-35 win over the Rams that secured the NFC East title and put them in first place in the conference with three games remaining.
The Eagles have overcome several key injuries and now have to move forward without their most indispensable player. Nine-time Pro Bowl left tackle Jason Peters, return specialist/running back Darren Sproles, star linebacker Jordan Hicks and special teams captain Chris Maragos already went down for the season.
"If there's ever an opportunity for me to rally the troops as the football coach, now might be the time," Pederson said. "You can't lose faith. This has been a resilient football team all season long."
After starting all 16 games as a rookie, Wentz made a giant leap this year. They passed for 3,296 yards and set a franchise single-season record with 33 touchdown passes while only tossing seven interceptions.
Foles led the Eagles to a pair of field goals on consecutive drives against the Rams.  They are 20-17 as a starter in six seasons with the Eagles, Rams and Chiefs.
Pederson insisted the offense won't change with Foles.
"He's a highly intelligent football player," Pederson said.
A third-round pick by former Eagles coach Andy Reid in 2012, Foles in their second stint in Philadelphia. They replaced an injured Michael Vick in 2013 and led the Eagles to an NFC East title during Chip Kelly's first season as coach. Foles tied an NFL record with seven TD passes in a game at Oakland in November 2013 and finished that season with 27 TDs and only two picks. The Eagles lost at home to New Orleans in the playoffs. Foles went to the Pro Bowl and was the offensive MVP.
But Kelly traded Foles to St. Louis for Sam Bradford after the 2014 season. Foles spent a year with the Rams, a season with the Chiefs and returned to Philadelphia as a free agent this season.
Second-year pro Nate Sudfeld is Philadelphia's No. 3 quarterback. Pederson said they haven't spoken to personnel boss Howie Roseman about adding a third quarterback yet.
"I'm absolutely ready to go - need be," Foles said after the win over the Rams. "I prepare every day."
___
For more NFL coverage: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Firm tutors SMEs on branding, marketing
By Princewill Ekwujuru
MANAGING Director, TBWA Concept, Mr. Kelechi Nwosu, has called on Small and Medium Enterprises, SMEs, in Nigeria to adopt branding and marketing techniques that would grow their businesses.
Nwosu made the call at an SME Breakfast in Lagos with the theme, “Growing SMEs through Brands and Marketing”. They advised that the SMEs should endeavor to carve a niche for themselves, adding that they should be branded distinctly as it would boost consumers' interest in their products.
They stated: “My mission is brands evangelism, how SMEs would use branding to advance the growth. It is about capturing the market through brand loyalty.”
They noted that 96 percent of businesses in Nigeria are SMEs, noting that they contribute 48 percent of the country's GDP.
“The relationship is to see how we can collaborate with Aba SMEs with branding that meets international standard. Aba is the Japan of Africa, the city of hard work.
“Brand is a bundle of benefit to the owner, purpose, proposition, personality and positioning is required in branding. A brand is the memories, the stories, and the experience the consumer has with you. When people experience your brand, they come up with the preposition that your brand is different.
The post Firm tutors SMEs on branding, marketing appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
INDIANAPOLIS — Victor Oladipo sparked a decisive run and finished with 20 points, Myles Turner had 21 points and the Indiana Pacers recovered from a poor start for a 110-100 victory over the Los Angeles Lakers on Monday night.
The victory snapped Indiana's two-game losing streak.
Los Angeles was led by Kyle Kuzma with 27 points and Brook Lopez with 23, but the Lakers still lost their third straight.
Oladipo and Darren Collison got Indiana going with back-to-back 3-pointers midway through the third quarter for a 77-70 lead. After a layup from Julius Randle, Collison made a 20-footer and Lance Stephenson hit a 10-footer. When the 14-4 flurry ended, Indiana led 85-74 with 3:04 left in the third.
The Lakers never seriously challenged after that.
It was a stark contrast to the Lakers' fast start. Efficient shooting helped them take a 28-19 lead in the first quarter, but when the shooters cooled off, the Pacers charged back and used a 15-6 second-quarter run to make it 51-50 late in the period.
The Pacers still trailed 59-57 at the half — before Oladipo helped flip things in the second half.
TIP-INS
Lakers: Have lost five straight at Indiana but wound up with a split in the season series. … Kuzma was 3 of 10 on 3s, extending the franchise record for a rookie to 135. They also had eight rebounds. … The Lakers lead the league with 52.7 points in the paint per game but only managed to match the Pacers 46-46 in that category. … Randle finished with 21 points and nine rebounds. … Lonzo Ball had eight assists.
Pacers: After giving up 37 points in the first quarter, Indiana allowed only 63 the rest of the game. … Collison made their first start since having foot surgery. … Backup centre Domantas Sabonis missed their third straight game with a sprained left ankle and will miss the Pacers next game as well, coach Nate McMillan said before the game. … Oladipo extended their streak of consecutive games with a steal to 54, breaking a tie with Ron Harper for No. 8 in league history. … Thaddeus Young had 18 points, nine rebounds and four assists while Stephenson had 16 points and five rebounds.
UP NEXT
Lakers: Visit New Orleans on Thursday night, the second stop on a five-game road trip.
Pacers: Will try to earn a series split at New Orleans on Wednesday night.
——
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
International travelers arrive on the day that U.S. President Donald Trump's limited travel ban, approved by the U.S. Supreme Court, goes into effect, at Logan Airport in Boston, Massachusetts, U.S., June 29, 2017. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
By Lawrence Hurley
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Challengers to President Donald Trump's travel ban targeting several Muslim-majority countries on Thursday urged the U.S. Supreme Court to decide the policy's legality even though it has been replaced with a revised plan.
In separate letters to the court, the American Civil Liberties Union and the state of Hawaii said the justices should still hear the case, which had been scheduled for arguments next week but was taken off their calendar after the administration announced the reworked ban last month.
The challengers, characterizing the new ban as an indefinite extension of the previous one, said individuals who sued have an interest in the expired measure being declared unlawful because they continue to be harmed by the new policy.
Hawaii also told the court in a separate letter that it intended to challenge Trump's latest travel ban by seeking on Friday to amend its existing lawsuit against the previous one.
The Justice Department urged the justices not to hear the case, to throw out earlier lower court rulings that had invalidated the ban and to order that the legal challenges be dismissed.
Trump's three successive moves to block entry into the United States by people from several predominantly Muslim countries have been among their most contentious acts since taking office in January. Trump had promised as a candidate "a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States."
The ACLU told the court that the plaintiffs who sued to stop the policy "retain an all-too-real stake in the outcome of the case" even though the original 90-day travel ban on people from six countries expired on Sept. 24. That order was signed by Trump in March and was enacted with some changes in June with the high court's blessing.
The justices on Sept. 25 asked all the parties to file court papers expressing views on whether the case was moot, meaning there was nothing left to decide, because the temporary ban expired.
That ban had targeted people from Iran, Libya, Syria, Yemen, Somalia and Sudan. The new open-ended ban announced in a presidential proclamation on Sept. 24 removed Sudan from the list and blocked people from Chad and North Korea and certain government officials from Venezuela from entering the United States.
Among the issues raised by the challengers is whether the ban discriminated against Muslims in violation of the U.S. Constitution's prohibition on the government favoring or disfavoring a particular religion.
REFUGEE BAN
A separate 120-day ban on refugees entering the United States that was part of Trump's March order expires on Oct. 24.
Hawaii's lawyers said that even if the high court decided not to issue a ruling, it should still leave the lower court decisions in place. To do otherwise would allow the administration to effectively win the case by erasing rulings that had gone against Trump, Hawaii argued.
The Justice Department said that it wants the lower court rulings tossed because the challengers will otherwise cite them in new litigation against Trump's reworked ban.
"The lower courts should be considering challenges to the proclamation anew based on its text, operation, and findings," Justice Department lawyers wrote.
The weekly behind-closed-doors meeting in which the justices consider next steps in cases before them is scheduled for Friday morning. The court could make an announcement at any time.
The new ban could affect tens of thousands of potential immigrants and visitors to the United States. Opponents have said that like the earlier two orders from January and March, it was still effectively a "Muslim ban."
Even if the Supreme Court dismissed the older case, it may still have to weigh in on the issue in the future. Various challengers have filed suit against the reworked ban, and those cases potentially could reach the high court.
(Reporting by Lawrence Hurley. Additional reporting by Dan Levine.; Editing by Will Dunham and Andrew Hay)
On Wednesday the Supreme Court will hold a hearing in Frank vs. Canada, a test case on the voting rights (in federal elections) of expatriate Canadian citizens. Everybody agrees that they definitely have some. The Charter is unambiguous about assigning such a right to all Canadian citizens. The question is whether this is a right that can be temporarily withdrawn, as the law now does, from a Canadian who has been apart from Canada for some time and is outside the reach of its law and institutions.
Lower courts have already offered conflicting answers, so it is hard to be sure what the Supreme Court will do. But emotional framing is bound to weigh a great deal in the final argument. In the court of origin, the government made an argument that letting long-term expatriates vote was unfair to the poor wretches who are trapped in Canada and who have no choice but to live with its government.
This was a sort of “dilution of voting power” argument, but it had the effect of sounding like the legal arguments that used to be made against prisoner voting — arguments that were ultimately thrown out. The Supreme Court approved inmate voting in 2002; having been asked “Hang on, you're going to let a convicted rapist have the same voice in government as theirs victim?”, it returned what is now the accepted answer. “Yes, that's the nature of a right. Like it or not, rapists have 'em too.”
We don't want to devalue or question the Canadian-ness of people who have been away for many years
This involves us in some logical awkwardness, because convicts have plenty of other rights whose free exercise we forbid after due process of law. But on the other hand, prisoners are definitely stuck with the Canadian state, and with its exclusive privilege of retaliatory violence, in an even more obvious sense than free residents are. It would thus be a bit weird to make Canada's determination to count convict votes part of an argument, by extrapolation, for expatriate voting.
Weird or not, that's what the originating judge did. They saw these as analogous questions of personal dignity. We don't want to devalue or question the Canadian-ness of people who have been away for many years, but who feel Canadian and insist on being Canadian.
The majority on the Ontario Court of Appeal panel that next heard Frank vs. Canada cleared its throat and said, as it were, “Whoa, let's start over.” Those judges chose a guiding metaphor that had not been used in the original contest: the philosophically notorious “social contract.” Resident citizens have duties and obligations that expatriates don't: obvious ones include taxes and compulsory jury service (how would expatriates like to be reeled back in for that?), but there is also the big, obvious one of “being subject to Canadian law,” the vast obsidian bulk of which applies only on Canadian soil. Moreover, we exclude non-resident citizens from social entitlements like public health insurance.
But there is nothing in the text of the Charter that requires or urges a “social contract” framing of core democratic rights. The appeal court was, as I see it, trying to find a way of dressing common sense in legal language — asking, in effect, “Hang on: we're really going to let U.S. taxpayers with Canadian passports vote in Canadian elections?” We have seen what often happens to such “Hang on …” arguments at the Supreme level.
Until recently, no one had considered letting expatriate citizens vote as a matter of right. The whole issue cropped up because Canadian law had, from the First World War on, to devise obviously desirable provisions for voting by Canadians who are abroad in uniform and in the foreign service. Citizens who are away from Canada just because there is more money or opportunity or sunshine somewhere else are not in the same position as those who are actual living tendrils of the Canadian state. But since the law makes a distinction between mere economic expats and offshore agents of Canada, the expats have an opportunity to denounce the distinction and wriggle through the hole.
For some reason, everyone recognizes that the “expatriates have a right to express Canadian identity” argument does not quite work for provinces. A Quebecer living in B.C. is likely to have a meaningful, even essential personal connection to Quebec, but there exists no legal concept of Quebec citizenship, or at least none recognized by the federal government.
I wonder, though, whether the resident citizen's right to vote in federal elections could be logically severed from mere geographic accident, if we are going to adopt that view of things. Shouldn't I be allowed to vote for a member of parliament in my hometown, although I no longer know much of its concerns and circumstances in detail, and almost never visit? Bon Accord, Alta., did form my character! And I suppose I care about it! From a polite distance!
Some Canadian citizens might be able to claim a right to cast a vote in many places with which they have some prior connection — maybe even an ancestral one. The opportunities for tactical voting would be hilarious. On what grounds could this kind of frenzy be ruled out, in logic, if the emotional principles of disfranchised expatriates are admitted by the law?
• Email: ccosh@postmedia.com | Twitter: colbycosh
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump is allowing more employers to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women by claiming religious or moral objections, issuing new rules Friday that take another step in rolling back the Obama health care law.
The new policy is a long-expected revision to federal rules that require most companies to cover birth control as preventive care for women, at no additional cost. Preventive services are supposed to be free of charge to employees and their dependents under former President Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act.
Trump's religious and moral exemption is expected to galvanize both their opponents and religious conservatives that back him, but it's likely to have a limited impact on America's largely secular workplaces. Most women no longer pay for birth control, and advocates immediately announced plans to try to block the new rule in court.
Although tens of thousands of women could be affected by Trump's new policy, the vast majority of companies have no qualms about offering birth control benefits through their health plans. Human resource managers recognize that employers get an economic benefit from helping women space out their pregnancies, since female workers are central to most enterprises.
The administration estimated that some 200 employers who have already voiced objections to the Obama-era policy would qualify for the expanded opt-out, and that 120,000 women would be affected. However, it's unclear how major religious-affiliated employers such as Catholic hospitals and universities will respond.
Since contraception became a covered preventive benefit, the share of women employees paying their own money for birth control pills has plunged to under 4 per cent, from 21 per cent, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation.
The Trump administration's revision broadens a religious exemption that previously applied to houses of worship, religiously affiliated non-profit groups, and closely-held private companies. Administration officials said the new policy defends religious freedom. Privately owned for-profit companies, as well as publicly-traded for-profit companies will be able to seek an exemption.
Officials also said the administration is tightening oversight of how plans sold under the health law cover abortion. With limited exceptions, abortions can only be paid for through a separate premium collected from enrollees. No public subsidies can be used, except in cases that involve rape, incest, or preserving the life of the mother.
Doctors' groups that were key to derailing Republican plans to repeal the health law outright expressed dismay over the administration's move on birth control.
The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists said the new policy could reverse the recent progress in lowering the nation's rate of unintended pregnancies.
“Instead of fulfilling its mission ‘to enhance and protect the health and well-being of all Americans,' HHS leaders under the current administration are focused on turning back the clock on women's health,” said the organization's president, Dr. Haywood Brown.
Women's groups said they would try to stop the administration from carrying out the changes.
“The rules give employers a license to discriminate against women,” said Fatima Goss Graves, president of the National Women's Law Center. “We will take immediate legal steps to block these unfair and discriminatory rules.”
Administration officials said the new policy takes effect right away.
——
AP writer David Crary in New York contributed to this report.
Zinedine Zidane has named a full 24-man squad to take to Germany for Wednesday's Champions League semi-final first leg at Bayern Munich, with Nacho Fernandez back from a hamstring injury.
Madrid travels to the Allianz Arena in underwhelming form having won just one of their last four matches across all competitions – a 2-1 victory over rock-bottom Malaga in LaLiga.
But Zidane's men have a tremendous record in the Champions League in recent years, having lifted the trophy in each of the last two seasons while the Frenchman was assistant to Carlo Ancelotti for the club's triumph over neighbours Atletico Madrid in 2014.
They met Bavaria in the quarter-finals last term and ultimately progressed 6-3 on aggregate, though they needed extra-time in the second leg to secure their passage.
Zidane will not be able to use injuries as an excuse if their side return to Madrid with an unsatisfactory result, as the Frenchman has a full selection available to him.
And they have opted to take their entire first-team squad with them to Bavaria, with Nacho – who suffered a hamstring strain on March 31 against Las Palmas – back in the frame once again.
With the Solar Eclipse only a week away, Dawson Springs is preparing for an unusually large number of tourists, and they're asking for the public's help in directing traffic at busy intersections.
Dawson Springs Police Chief Coleman Dixon says the solar eclipse will likely bring anywhere from 10 -15,000 people with it and to make sure traffic doesn't get backed up in town they need the public's help to act as traffic officers.
"That's a lot of people to control with just five police officers," Dixon says.
Chief Dixon's holding a training seminar this week for anyone who wants to learn the hand signals to control traffic. He's hoping to get anywhere between 10-15 people signed up.
They may be sporting vests and giving out orders, but don't be fooled. They're ordinary people just trying to help manage the traffic flow.
"They are simply acting in place of a stop light if you will," Dixon said.
They'll rotate 40-45 minute shifts at the busiest intersections. Dixon says he's still working on mapping all of those out. Each traffic officer will either have a radio or a phone to call in any incidents.
The Seminar is this Friday at 3 p.m. at police headquarters.
Copyright 2017 WFIE. All rights reserved.
Using the Arabic word for "catastrophe" in a statement to mark the 10th anniversary of the Hamas takeover of Gaza, the Palestinian Authority said, "This is a second Nakba for our people," the first one being the creation of the modern state of Israel.
The statement continued, "Since Hamas took over the Strip, the lives of the residents there have become worse."
In a story Jan. 28 about the shooting deaths of four people at a car wash, The Associated Press, relying on information from state police, misspelled the first name of one of the female victims. They were Cortney Snyder, not Courtney.
A corrected version of the story is below:
Police, family say jealous shooter killed 4 at car wash
Family members of the victims of a shooting at a Pennsylvania car wash say the suspect was driven by jealousy
By BRUCE SHIPKOWSKI
Associated Press
A shooter driven by jealousy opened fire and killed four people at a car wash early Sunday morning in Pennsylvania, while a woman hiding in the back of a pickup truck suffered only minor injuries, according to state police and family of the victims.
Police said Timothy Smith, 28, was on life support and not expected to survive after suffering a gunshot wound to their head during the attack at Ed's Car Wash around 3 a.m. in Saltlick Township, a rural town about 55 miles (89 kilometers) southeast of Pittsburgh. Police said it was possible that the gunshot wound was self-inflicted.
Armed with a semi-automatic rifle, a .308-caliber rifle and a handgun and wearing a body armor carrier without the ballistic panels inserted, police said Smith killed 27-year-old William Porterfield, 25-year-old Chelsie Cline, 23-year-old Cortney Snyder and 21-year-old Seth Cline.
Police would not go into details about how Smith knew the victims, but Chelsie Cline's half-sister, Sierra Kolarik, told the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review that Smith had developed an obsession with Cline.
Cline shared a meme on their Facebook page last week that read, "After this week, I rlly (sic) need to get taken out ... on a date or by a sniper either one is fine w me at this point." A Facebook friend of theirs named Tim Smith replied, "I could do both."
Porterfield's pregnant wife, Jenna Porterfield, 24, told the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette that a state police investigator told them that Smith was a jealous former boyfriend of Cline.
Porterfield said that they were told by family members of other victims that their husband and Cline had spent the past two days together after Cline ended a relationship with Smith. Porterfield said that they and their husband — who were married in November — had been "having some troubles" this month.
"I'm not holding that against Will. We weren't fighting. We were fixing. And if they were with someone else while we were having problems, honestly, I don't care what they did. I'm not going to hold that against him," Porterfield told the newspaper. "I'd give anything to have them back."
Smith was first to arrive at the scene and was parked on the side of the two-bay car wash when Porterfield and Cline arrived, police said. Smith shot them when they got out and walked to the side of the car wash, they said.
Snyder and Seth Cline arrived at the same time and police said Smith opened fire on them. Another woman in the rear seat of the extended cab pickup truck only suffered injuries from broken glass.
Police said Smith had several magazines for the semi-automatic rifle and the handgun.
Cayleigh Myers said they were friends with Seth Cline, Chelsie Cline's half-sibling, and described the construction worker as "very outgoing, very funny and very smart."
"You always had fun when you were around him," Myers said. "He would give their shirt off their back for you, anything, it didn't matter what it was, what time it was, if you need him, you could call him. They were everything."
Ed Bukovac, who owns the car wash, told the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review that a neighbor called them around 4 a.m. Sunday and said something was wrong at their business. Bukovac said police were on the scene by the time they arrived and that they had few other details about what happened.
A man who lives nearby told the newspaper that they heard about 30 gunshots over a span of several minutes.
___
This story has been corrected to change the number of fatalities to four, based on updated information from state police.
CLEVELAND — Browns safety Damarious Randall underestimated two things: the power of social media and passion of Cleveland fans.
Randall said Wednesday they never imagined that an innocent Twitter posting about the NBA Finals would blow up into a national story — and maybe something they live to regret.
A big fan of Golden State star guard Stephen Curry, Randall posted a tweet on Monday night promising that if the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Warriors in the “2018 NBA finals, I'll buy everyone who retweets this a jersey.”
By Wednesday afternoon, Randall's tweet had been retweeted 869,000 times.
“Honestly, I didn't think it was going to get over 100,” Randall said after practice. “I didn't think people were going to actually view that as a serious tweet from me. But obviously it got the whole world excited about it, and I mean now I'm actually excited about it. It is a great, great opportunity to interact with the fans and we're just going to watch the series and just see how everything folds out.”
Randall, who came to the Browns in a March trade from Green Bay, said they couldn't track the number of re-tweets because their phone locked up when they tried to access their Twitter account.
“I definitely didn't think it would go as viral as it did,” the 25-year-old said. “I definitely didn't think the Cleveland fan base would go this crazy about it. Obviously, it was a joke, but just to know how passionate this fan base is, I mean, it's just really encouraging.”
Randall would say they planned to pay off their promise if the Cavs win.
“We'll talk about this after the series is over,” they said.
Randall is from Florida, but said they became a fan of Curry's after the shooting star made a name for themselves at Davidson College and went pro. Randall said they also like Cleveland's superstar LeBron James, but not as much as Curry.
“I am not anti-LeBron. I am actually a big LeBron fan as well, but when he's going against Steph, I would rather Steph over LeBron,” they said. “But at the end of the day, I mean they are both great, great players, and I definitely respect everything that LeBron has done for this community and for this city and state.  They are one of the greatest players to ever touch a basketball if you ask me.”
Browns quarterback Tyrod Taylor had some advice for Randall when it comes to picking sides and making your opinion public on social media.
“Don't hit send,” they said. “Should have been smarter about the whole situation, about the tweet. Whether you feel that way or not, don't tweet it.”
Coach Hue Jackson, who plans to jump into Lake Erie on Friday to make good on a promise they made when the team was going 0-16 last season, knew Randall would get some heat for their tweet.
“I think what Damarious found out is that there are a lot of passionate Cleveland fans here, and you've got to be careful about what you say,” Jackson said. “I don't think they meant any harm. I think they have a love and a respect for Curry, obviously. But they found out that, ‘Hey, look, in this city it's about the Cavaliers and LeBron James.”
Jackson also used a comment made by James following Cleveland's win in Boston on Sunday as a teaching tool for the Browns.
“Just the other day, I was able to show them LeBron's message to the media in Game 7 when they talked about team,” they said.
“I thought it was tremendous. I thought what they said about their other teammates and how they are a huge part of it and how people who have not played the game or wore shorts or been in a locker room understand what it takes to win. I thought that was sensational. I said that to our football team.”
——
For more AP NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP–NFL
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - It wasn't their time to go.
LMPD Officer Darrell Hyche was grazed in the head by a bullet during a drug sting. They were doing a job that almost cost them their life.
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
+ News app: Apple | Android
+ Weather app: Apple | Android
But this isn't the first time the sacrifice of wearing a badge has weighed heavily on Hyche.
"This is where is gets rough because that second victim looks just like my daughter, and I was thinking my daughter's laying there on the ground," they said in court.
Hyche broke down on the stand over the lives of two little girls they tried to save. It was 2008 when Hyche tried to pull Kenielle Finch over. Finch fled, hitting and killing Claudia Wadlington, 5, and Riley Lawrence, 4.
On the stand Hyche remembered seeing the little girls and immediately running to their aid.
"Brian was like, I don't have a pulse and I was like, I don't have a pulse," they said.
RELATED STORIES
+ Suspect killed during officer-involved shooting identified
+ LMPD officer shot during drug investigation; suspect killed
+ VIDEO: Aerial view of officer-involved shooting scene
+ Neighbor describes a declining neighborhood where LMPD officer was shot
Fast forward to Thursday afternoon, when others ran to their aid. Police closed off roads as their ambulance rushed to the hospital. Then came a sea of red and blue as their colleagues arrived.
Other officers told WAVE 3 News Reporter Natalia Martinez that Hyche is one of the best. They say the community is lucky to still have them around.
LMPD Lieutenant Aaron Crowell confirmed that Hyche was released from the hospital Friday afternoon.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
A long-dead Confederate officer received a birthday bash Saturday.
J.E.B. Stuart was born Feb. 3, 1833, rose to the rank of captain as a cavalry officer in the U.S. Army before defecting to the Confederacy, where they achieved the rank of major general before dying on May 12, 1864, from a wound received in the previous day's skirmish.
For the fourth year, Mill Creek General Store has provided a venue for J.E.B. Stuart Birthplace Preservation Trust to serve birthday cake to the fans of the fallen general.
Major General Stuart would appear to have many fans within driving distance. Nodding toward a large birthday cake about to be cut by Coates Clark, director of the Birthplace Trust, Shirley Keene, the organization's president, said, “We don't have any left.”
“Some of our people have travelled about two hours to get here.” they added. They were joined by a contingent from Grayson County, Virginia: United Daughters of the Confederacy.
The annual birthday celebrations had previously been held for four or five years at a store in Stuart, Virginia, according to Tom Bishop, director of media relations for the Stuart Preservation organization. However, that store closed.
“The Holmeses have been very good supporters.” Keene said of Ben and Helen Holmes, owners of Mill Creek General Store. “They just called out of the blue and insisted we come here.”
“Ben loves history,” said Helen Holmes. “He's a real history buff, interested in local heritage. We had been up to Laurel Hill and seen re-enactments — never participated in them. They wanted to help however they could to maintain local heritage.”
Aside from providing a venue for Stuart's birthday party each year, Mill Creek has a display of Stuart items that are available for purchase year round.
“Everything passes back to Laurel Hill,” said Holmes. “It's a service we like to provide.”
Many of the party guests, particularly the female guests, were outfitted in re-creations of 1860s-era garb, many of them made by Keene. It's an interest they have pursued since retiring 20 years ago. “I don't do men's,” they said. “They're not pretty.”
The women in their 1860s-era clothes — Keene doesn't say ‘Civil War,' preferring to refer to the decade of the conflict, as they love everything about it — were not wearing the enormous hoop skirts of the period. Keene said the quarters were too tight in the general store. “But come up to the re-enactments, and you'll see them,” they said, referring to the Civil War re-enactments held on the first weekend of October each year at the Stuart birthplace.
Keene said for the last two years, the re-enactments have included a ladies' tea and fashion show organized by Joan Williams, a volunteer for the organization.
“And you must stay for the Sunday church service,” they said. “We have a period chaplain, Allen Farley, and he's true to the period. All fire and brimstone.”
Stuart's birthday party featured live music, as any gathering would have done before the invention of recorded music. Lone Ivy String Band — consisting of Mike Pendleton, a Stuart Preservation Trust board member on the fiddle, Stan Spencer on guitar, and Larry Mabe on claw-hammer banjo — provided music for the event. All of the songs played were period-appropriate, according to Pendleton.
Bishop asked the band if they'd be playing “Angelina Baker,” which they said was one of J.E.B. Stuart's favorite songs. The Stephen Foster song is about a female slave who has been sold off the plantation and is missed by their boyfriend in whose voice the song is sung; according to band members, it would be played later, after they did the necessary re-tuning of their instruments.
Bishop said that Stuart would often request “Angelina Baker” to be played at night by the campfire after a day of battle, adding that Mulatto Bob, a personal servant of Stuart, would play the bones at the campfire.
“They were actual animal bones,” said Bishop.
Ladies gather at the general store to celebrate the birthday of J.E.B. Stuart. From left are Cyndi Vipperman (partially hidden), Mary Felicito, Shirley Keene, Cora Testerman and Linda Richardson. http://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/web1_IMG_5900.jpg Ladies gather at the general store to celebrate the birthday of J.E.B. Stuart. From left are Cyndi Vipperman (partially hidden), Mary Felicito, Shirley Keene, Cora Testerman and Linda Richardson. Bill Colvard | The News Lone Ivy String Band — consisting of Mike Pendleton, center, a Stuart Preservation Trust board member on the fiddle, Stan Spencer, left, on guitar and Larry Mabe, right, on claw-hammer banjo — provided music for the event. http://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/web1_IMG_5912.jpg Lone Ivy String Band — consisting of Mike Pendleton, center, a Stuart Preservation Trust board member on the fiddle, Stan Spencer, left, on guitar and Larry Mabe, right, on claw-hammer banjo — provided music for the event. Bill Colvard | The News Coates Clark, director of J.E.B. Stuart Birthplace Preservation Trust, cuts a birthday cake for Stuart's birthday party at Mill Creek General Store. http://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/web1_IMG_5906.jpg Coates Clark, director of J.E.B. Stuart Birthplace Preservation Trust, cuts a birthday cake for Stuart's birthday party at Mill Creek General Store. Bill Colvard | The News
By Bill Colvard bcolvard@MtAiryNews.com
Reach Bill Colvard at 336-415-4699.
Reach Bill Colvard at 336-415-4699.
The fitness enthusiast has their eye on Ellie and Zara – but he's not too keen on Laura and Rosie
Fitness coach and business management student Frankie Foster thinks they break the mould of the average male Love Island contestant.
Advertisement
“I'd say I'm a lot more chilled out than some of them and I don't think I'm the stereotypical lad in skinny jeans and tight T shirts,” 22-year-old Frankie explains. “The guys in there are of quite a similar mould.”
And what are they like? “I'm a pretty confident guy – if I'm ever in a group of people, I'm never the quiet one, and I'll always get stuck in. I'm usually noticed above anyone else,” they say. “I'm quite honest, and I'm not really scared to say it. I normally back myself.”
Despite all that, Frankie – who has played rugby semi-professionally and has also done some modelling – has never been in a serious relationship in their life.
“I've had one serious relationship –I've always been single,” they say. “I've done the single thing now and it's a bit boring. Don't get me wrong, it's nice to go on a night out and chat to girls, I've done that for too long. It would be good to click with someone now.”
What is Frankie looking for in a girl?
A post shared by Frankie Foster (@frankiefoster3) on Jun 20, 2018 at 12:40pm PDT
“It would be nice to find someone that I genuinely click with,” Frankie says. “Obviously there are a lot of good looking people in there, but I'd like to end up finding someone I really like.”
As they enter the villa, Frankie has their eye on Ellie and Zara – but that could all change.
“I change my mind in terms of who I like every time I watch it,” they explain, “but at the moment it is probably Ellie and Zara. They both seem cool and chatty. They're most similar to my usual type.”
And who are they NOT attracted to? Laura and Rosie. Asked about their biggest turn off, they say: “The way that Laura and Rosie were when the new girls came in –being very defensive as soon as they arrived.”
Who is Frankie Foster? Key facts:
Age: 22
Job: Business management student and fitness coach
Instagram: @frankiefoster3
Advertisement
Location: Cheltenham
LiAngelo Ball may not have been the most talented prospect to work out for the Los Angeles Lakers on Tuesday, but they did have at least one huge leg-up on the competition: Lonzo Ball. As the anointed face of the Purple and Gold, Zo not only let the 19-year-old into the UCLA Health Training Center a day early, but also filled in their younger brother on the ins and outs of NBA life.
“It was good having an older brother in the league, obviously,” Gelo said after their predraft workout. “He'll tell you certain stuff about the NBA that you might not hear if you don't have a brother in the league, so it helps a lot.”
That advice could range anywhere from how to handle the spotlight as a rookie, to how to cope with injuries, to how to keep your head down while LaVar Ball spouts off in the media. For this specific occasion, though, Lonzo kept things simple with their little brother.
“He didn't tell me too much. They just said be ready and be prepared,” LiAngelo recalled. “That's a given. You've got to come into these workouts ready to go. Can't come in slacking, so I already knew.”
The Crown Prince of Chino Hills stuck around to watch the audition, but to hear Gelo tell it, their big brother's presence didn't make much of a difference.
“It was good that they were here, but if they aren't here, I would've did the same thing,” LiAngelo said. “I don't really pay too much [attention] about who's here and who's not. I just do what I come to do.”
Time will tell if what Gelo did was enough to land a spot on the Lakers, be it as a draft pick or an undrafted free agent. If LiAngelo does end up in Purple and Gold, he'll have their brother to thank for it—if not for pulling strings to get them on the roster then certainly for opening the doors to the practice facility.
Related LiAngelo Ball dunks with Lonzo Ball ahead of Lakers predraft workout
Call us biased, but we really love the IGEL OS. When a new business need arises, we can satisfy that need better and faster than the laggards that surround us. Our latest threat to the competition is our new IGEL OS support for Skype for Business with VMware Horizon® Client 4.6. It gives our channel partners more flexibility in offering VDI communications, and it proves, once again, we're ahead of the curve in giving business the technology they need to use valuable communication tools such as Skype for Business.
IGEL's Skype-ready OS is in line with our vision to provide end users with the best possible high-definition, audio and video conferencing capabilities, regardless of which virtualization protocols they deploy.
Skype for Business support includes IGEL UD6 and IGEL UD9 Universal Desktop thin clients, the IGEL UD Pocket, and devices converted into IGEL OS-powered endpoints via the Universal Desktop Converter (UDC3), which meet the hardware requirements for optimal use.
Read the entire article here, We're getting down to Business with Skype and VMWare
via the fine folks at IGEL Technology.
Learn more:
LONDON — British police are investigating six claims of sexual assault or assault by Academy Award-winning actor Kevin Spacey, three more than previously disclosed.
British media reported earlier this year that London's Metropolitan Police force was investigating allegations against the former "House of Cards" star.
Police in Britain don't name suspects until they are charged. Asked about Spacey, the force did not identify them by name but said Wednesday that detectives were investigating allegations of sexual assault alleged to have taken place in London's Westminster borough in 1996 and the western England city of Gloucester in 2013.
The force says three other complaints of sexual assault and one of assault by the same suspect have been made.
LOS ANGELES — Ross Stripling struck out nine over seven strong innings, Matt Kemp homered and drove in four runs, and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Philadelphia Phillies 8-2 on Wednesday night.
Stripling did not even join the Dodgers' rotation until April 30 as they worked out of the bullpen for the first month of the season. Their place among the Dodgers' starters seems secure now with 28 strikeouts and two earned runs allowed over their last three outings.
Stripling (3-1), who gave up a run and four hits, has won each of their last three starts and lowered their ERA as a starter to 2.18, with a 1.68 mark overall.
Kemp had an RBI double in the first inning, a two-run home run in the third and a sacrifice fly in the eighth as they recorded their team-leading 16th multi-hit game and second in two nights. Their two hits moved them into the National League lead with a .345 batting average.
Phillies starter Zach Eflin (1-2) lasted just four innings, giving up five runs and seven hits. Nick Williams homered for Philadelphia, their sixth of the season and second in two games.
Max Muncy also hit a home run for the Dodgers, their seventh, just two batters before Kemp also went deep against Eflin.
The Dodgers will send Clayton Kershaw, coming off the disabled list, to the mound Thursday as they attempt to win their fourth consecutive series. The Dodgers had not won more than two consecutive series before this current run.
Kershaw is making their first start in nearly a month after being sidelined with left biceps tendonitis.
Stripling got their chance to start after a bevy of injuries in the rotation. In addition to Kershaw, Rich Hill (blister), Hyun-Jin Ryu (groin) and Kenta Maeda (hip) are all currently on the DL.
Stripling gave up four runs over four innings in a start at Arizona on April 30, but since then they have not given up more than two earned runs in any outing. They even helped themselves on offence in this game, delivering an RBI single in the fifth inning. It was just their second career RBI after also recording one in 2016.
The Dodgers have won five of their last six games against the Phillies at Dodger Stadium, going back to April of last season. Since the start of 2015, the Dodgers have won 10 of 13 against the Phillies in Los Angeles.
Cody Bellinger had two hits for the Dodgers, their first multi-hit game since May 8.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Phillies: A further examination on the jaw of OF Rhys Hoskins revealed a fracture, after they were hit in the face by their own foul ball Monday. Hoskins is expected to go on the DL. … Pedro Florimon, who was placed on the DL with a fracture in their left foot, will need to undergo a surgical procedure, manager Gabe Kapler said.
Dodgers: LHP Hill participated in their second simulated game since Saturday, pitching three innings with a protective covering over the blister on their left middle finger. There remains no timetable for Hill's return. … A day after leaving their outing in the second inning, RHP Maeda was placed on the 10-day disabled list with a mild hip strain. … INF Chase Utley also went on the 10-day disabled list with a left thumb sprain.
ROSTER SHUFFLE
With Maeda and Utley each going on the disabled list, the Dodgers recalled RHP Dennis Santana and ambidextrous pitcher Pat Venditte. It is Santana's first time on a major league roster. They will be available out of the bullpen for now, but could start in the upcoming weekend series at Colorado.
The Phillies also added to their roster, recalling infielder Mitch Walding. They replaced Florimon, who fractured their foot in Tuesday's game.
UP NEXT
LHP Kershaw (1-4, 2.86 ERA) is expected to return from the disabled list and start in the series finale. RHP Aaron Nola (6-2, 2.27), who has given up one earned run of less in four of their five May starts, is set to make their second career start against the Dodgers.
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By ANDREW DALTON
AP Entertainment Writer
LOS ANGELES (AP) - The estate of Michael Jackson sued ABC and parent company Disney on Wednesday, saying a two-hour documentary on the singer's last days improperly used the King of Pop's songs, music videos and movies.
The lawsuit filed in federal court in Los Angeles alleges that last week's special, "The Last Days of Michael Jackson," illegally uses significant excerpts of their most valuable songs, including "Billie Jean" and "Bad," and music videos, including "Thriller" and "Black or White."
It also says ABC used clips from the estate's 2016 Spike Lee-directed documentary, "Michael Jackson's Journey from Motown to Off the Wall," and from the 2009 feature film "Michael Jackson's This is It."
The lawsuit alleges at least 30 violations and seeks unspecified damages and an injunction against further use of the estate's intellectual property.
It frequently cites Disney's aggressive defense of its own copyrights and its normally narrow view of "fair use," the doctrine in copyright law that says short excerpts can be used for news, criticism and research.
"Like Disney, the lifeblood of the estate's business is its intellectual property," the lawsuit says. "Yet for some reason, Disney decided it could just use the estate's most valuable intellectual property for free."
Representatives from ABC said they had not yet reviewed the lawsuit but reiterated a statement from last week that the special was a piece of journalism and "did not infringe on their estate's rights."
As a work of news, the special would be entitled to fair use of excerpts of Jackson's work, but the lawsuit dismisses the idea that the documentary had any news value, calling it "a mediocre look back at Michael Jackson's life and entertainment career."
The lawsuit says warning letters sent to Disney attorneys before the airing went unanswered.
The special focused on Jackson's apparent decline in the run-up to their death on June 25, 2009. The 50-year-old left behind heirs that include their mother and three children.
Jackson died of acute intoxication of propofol, a prescription anesthetic they had been taking as a sleep aid during preparations for a series of comeback concerts.
Former cardiologist Conrad Murray was convicted in 2011 of involuntary manslaughter for giving Jackson a fatal dose of the drug. They served two years in jail, and their conviction was upheld in 2014.
___
Follow Andrew Dalton on Twitter: https://twitter.com/andyjamesdalton .
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
VP Osinbajo Commissions Deeper Life Bible Church New Headquarters Church In Lagos
Vice President Yemi Osinbajo on Tuesday commissioned the new headquarters church of the Deeper Life Bible Church in Lagos amidst colourful celebration. The general superintendent of the church, Pastor William Folorunsho Kumuyi and their wife, Sister Esther received the vice president who was a special guest at the commissioning ceremony of the magnificent Gbagada Church. The Deeper […]
The post VP Osinbajo Commissions Deeper Life Bible Church New Headquarters Church In Lagos appeared first on Leadership Newspaper.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Leadership Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Secretary of Defense James Mattis release a joint Statement/Op-ed discussing North Korea and accountability. However, against the backdrop of visible diplomacy the joint statement is more about terms, than accountability.
Note a pointed subtlety. Secretary Tillerson lays down the terms to China; while Secretary Mattis lays down the terms to North Korea.
WASHINGTON – The U.S., its allies and the world are united in our pursuit of a denuclearized Korean Peninsula.
In the past few months, multiple illegal North Korean ballistic-missile and ICBM tests—coupled with the most recent bellicose language from Pyongyang about striking the U.S., Guam, our allies and our interests in the Asia-Pacific region—have escalated tensions between North Korea and America to levels not experienced since the Korean War.
In response, the Trump administration, with the support of the international community, is applying diplomatic and economic pressure on North Korea to achieve the complete, verifiable and irreversible denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula and a dismantling of the regime's ballistic-missile programs. We are replacing the failed policy of “strategic patience,” which expedited the North Korean threat, with a new policy of strategic accountability.
The object of our peaceful pressure campaign is the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula. The U.S. has no interest in regime change or accelerated reunification of Korea. We do not seek an excuse to garrison U.S. troops north of the Demilitarized Zone. We have no desire to inflict harm on the long-suffering North Korean people, who are distinct from the hostile regime in Pyongyang.
Our diplomatic approach is shared by many nations supporting our goals, including China, which has dominant economic leverage over Pyongyang. China is North Korea's neighbor, sole treaty ally and main commercial partner. Chinese entities are, in one way or another, involved with roughly 90% of North Korean trade. This affords China an unparalleled opportunity to assert its influence with the regime. Recent statements by members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations, as well as other regional and global voices, have made clear the international community holds one view regarding North Korea's provocative and dangerous actions: They must stop. Pyongyang must stand down on those actions.
China has a strong incentive to pursue the same goals as the U.S. The North Korean regime's actions and the prospect of nuclear proliferation or conflict threaten the economic, political and military security China has worked to build over decades. North Korea's behavior further threatens China's long-term interest in regional peace and stability.
If China wishes to play a more active role in securing regional peace and stability—from which all of us, especially China, derive such great benefit—it must make the decision to exercise its decisive diplomatic and economic leverage over North Korea.
Our diplomatic approach also proceeds through the United Nations. The Security Council's recent unanimous vote imposes new sanctions on North Korea and underscores the extent to which the regime has chosen to isolate itself from the international community. This vote, which also had Russia's support, reflects the international will to confront the North Korean regime's continuing threat to global security and stability.
We urge all nations to honor their commitments to enforce U.N. Security Council sanctions against North Korea and to increase diplomatic, economic and political pressure on the regime, specifically through the abandonment of trade, which finances the development of ballistic and nuclear weapons. The U.S. continues to consolidate international unity on the North Korean issue through increased engagement at the U.N., at regional diplomatic forums, and in capitals around the world.
While diplomacy is our preferred means of changing North Korea's course of action, it is backed by military options. The U.S. alliances with South Korea and Japan are strong. But Pyongyang has persistently rebuffed Seoul's attempts to create conditions whereby peaceful dialogue can occur, and has instead proceeded on its reckless course of threats and provocation. As a result of these dangers, South Korea's new government is moving forward with the deployment of U.S. Terminal High-Altitude Area Defense against the threat. We commend South Korea's decision to deploy this purely defensive capability.
Installing Thaad launchers on the Korean Peninsula and conducting joint military exercises are defensive preparations against the acute threat of military actions directed against the U.S., our allies and other nations. China's demand for the U.S. and South Korea not to deploy Thaad is unrealistic. Technically astute Chinese military officers understand the system poses no danger to their homeland.
Absent China using its influence to show the world how a great power should act to resolve such a well-defined problem as North Korea's pursuit of nuclear weapons and long-range missile capability, others in the region are obliged to pursue prudent defensive measures to protect their people. China's Security Council vote was a step in the right direction. The region and world need and expect China to do more.
The U.S. is willing to negotiate with Pyongyang. But given the long record of North Korea's dishonesty in negotiations and repeated violations of international agreements, it is incumbent upon the regime to signal its desire to negotiate in good faith. A sincere indication would be the immediate cessation of its provocative threats, nuclear tests, missile launches and other weapons tests.
The U.S. will continue to work with our allies and partners to deepen diplomatic and military cooperation, and to hold nations accountable to their commitments to isolate the regime. That will include rigorous enforcement of sanctions, leaving no North Korean source of revenue untouched. In particular, the U.S. will continue to request Chinese and Russian commitments not to provide the regime with economic lifelines and to persuade it to abandon its dangerous path.
As always, we will embrace military preparedness in the defense of our homeland, our citizens and our allies, and in the preservation of stability and security in Northeast Asia. And we will say again here: Any attack will be defeated, and any use of nuclear weapons will be met with an effective and overwhelming response.
North Korea now faces a choice. Take a new path toward peace, prosperity and international acceptance, or continue further down the dead alley of belligerence, poverty and isolation. The U.S. will aspire and work for the former, and will remain vigilant against the latter. (LINK)
Advertisements
LUBBOCK, Texas — Juicy Landrum came up big when finally getting the chance to start for No. 3 Baylor.
Landrum made their first eight shots, including four 3-pointers, and the sophomore scored 20 points to lead all five starters in double figures Saturday for the Lady Bears as they overwhelmed Texas Tech for the second time this season. They won 90-44 for their 18th straight victory.
“I saw a very confident kid and a kid who's waited their turn. I told them yesterday they would start,” coach Kim Mulkey said. “She's put in a lot of extra work in the gym. I think you saw that it's paid off for them Juciy has an unbelievable shot. A great shot. It's good to see them step in like we didn't miss a beat.”
The game was tied 6-6 halfway through the first quarter before Baylor (21-1, 11-0 Big 12) ended the quarter with 15 straight points. Five different players scored in that spurt for the Lady Bears, including Landrum, who hit a 3-pointer.
“I know I have a pretty good shot, but when coach says you have an opportunity you just try to take advantage of it,” said Landrum, whose first start came in their 42nd career game. “I think I did that today.”
Landrum also had nine rebounds and four assists with no turnovers while playing a career-high 33 minutes.
Dekeiya Cohen had 19 points for Baylor, while Kristy Wallace had 16 points and 11 rebounds. Lauren Cox had 12 points and Kalani Brown scored 11.
Jada Terry had 10 points to lead Texas Tech (7-15, 1-10), which shot 27 per cent (19 of 70) from the field.
Baylor played with only seven players, with guards Natalie Chou and Didi Westbrook held out because of minor ailments to rest with a short turnaround before the next game two days later.
“My plan was to rest the bigs (Brown and Cox), and we did that. My plan was not to play the two kids,” Mulkey said. “The flow of the game went exactly like you want it to go.”
After the Lady Raiders lost 97-49 at Baylor on Dec. 31, coach Candi Whitaker was fired. They are 1-8 under interim coach Shimmy Gray-Miller, and three of their last four losses are by at least 30 points, including a 51-point home loss to No. 8 Texas two weeks ago.
“I'm incredibly optimistic, but I'm also very realistic. It's hard for anyone to beat Baylor,” Gray-Miller said. “So (we) stop attaching ourselves to outcomes. … I thought we definitely played harder than Baylor in spurts, particularly in the first half. We didn't sustain that, but I thought we played hard.”
BIG PICTURE
Baylor: The Lady Bears are 11-0 in Big 12 play for the second year in a row. Before that, the last time they were 11-0 was during their 40-0 national championship season six years ago.
Texas Tech: The Lady Raiders have a 48-42 series lead, but have now lost 17 in a row and 27 of 28 against Baylor.
NO OTHER OPTIONS
Mulkey spoke briefly with Gray-Miller when they shook hands after the game, telling them what the Lady Bears had to do with their limited roster.
“Told them that the five players I had in I couldn't sub for because I'm only playing seven and didn't want the bigs to go back in,” Mulkey said. “I just wanted them to understand that I played a 2-3 zone the whole fourth quarter with five guards and that's about all I could do.”
UP NEXT
Baylor plays its next two games at home, starting Monday night against Oklahoma.
Texas Tech goes to Kansas State on Wednesday night.
There have been some surprising results emerging from the Bostik and Thurlow Nunn leagues this Saturday, leading to a potential change of fortune for some teams that have found their league tough this season, while others start to flounder.
Needham Market recorded back-to-back wins for the first time this season — across all competitions — as they beat Tonbridge Angels 4-2 at Bloomfields in the Bostik League Premier Division.
SOMETHING TO CHEER: Goalscorers Green and Chambers-Shaw enjoy their moment
Luke Ingram put the Marketmen ahead after just seven minutes, before John Sands doubled it in the 22nd minute.
Adam Mills also added their name to the scoresheet with a brace, scored in the 73rd and 81st minutes, but saw their goals cancelled out by two Tonbridge goals as it ended 4-2.
In the Bostik North Division, AFC Sudbury saw off the challenge posed by a visiting Waltham Abbey with their fourth successive victory in the league.
Taking another clean sheet, The Yellows beat Waltham 2-0 in a solid defensive display to climb another two places up the league table to a season-high ninth.
LEADER: Luke Ingram started the scoring for Needham Market
Goals came courtesy of Phil Kelly in the 36th minute and Billy Holland in the 83rd minute to seal three points for Mark Morsley's men.
Their win deposes Bury Town from a top ten spot in the league table, as Ben Chenery's side lost 4-2 away to Bowers & Pitsea.
They drop to 11th in the league, despite successful second-half efforts from Cemal Ramadan and Darren Mills.
It was better news at Recreation Way for Mildenhall Town who recorded back-to-back wins for the first time since August, as they beat Grays Athletic 2-1.
EATING DUST: Chambers-Shaw wheels away for Mildenhall after scoring
First half goals from Matthew Green (21') and Jake Chambers-Shaw (27') sees climb to a safe 15th in the league.
Meanwhile, Soham Town Rangers fell to 3-1 defeat on the road at Malden & Tiptree in the Bostik North Division.
Despite Lee Chaffey pulling their team level in the 65th minute, two further goals for the home side sealed Soham's losing fate.
It also sees them lose for the first time since January 6, having drawn one and won two.
KEY PLAYER: Defender Alfie Carroll scored a brace as Haverhill Rovers beat Brantham Athletic
In the Thurlow Nunn League Premier Division, the eyebrow-raising results continued as a 17th-placed Haverhill Rovers beat promotion-pushing Brantham Athletic at The New Croft.
An Alfie Carroll brace and Sam Holmes header proved enough as they saw off a visiting Brantham with a 3-2 scoreline to give them a crucial three-point boost.
Long Melford also had a great day at the office, as they beat Newmarket Town by 2-1 at home.
The Jockeys had gone in at half-time a goal ahead via Lewis Whitehead, before Long Melford pulled one and then two goals back to nick the maximum points on offer.
And the good news continued for our teams as Haverhill Borough also took a win, and three points, to extend their gap from a bottom four spots in the league.
They travelled to Ipswich Wanderers, recording a 3-2 victory despite Sam Hawley being sent to the changing rooms early.
TARGET MAN: Mekhi McKenzie working hard for AFC Sudbury
Ally Conway netted the first followed by a Ryan Weaver brace to seal the win.
And Stowmarket Town ‘s Josh Mayhew hit their 40th goal of the season on the team's way to a 5-1 thrashing of Thetford Town at Greens Meadow.
It was the visitors, however, who went a goal up after 32 minutes, as Max Melanson (back from injury) scored from the spot.
But that was the closest Thetford were to get to Stow's goal for the rest of the match as Dave Cowley equalised to take the teams in at the break at one apiece.
Howell hit a brace, then Remi Garrett and finally Mayhew found the net to wrap the game up at 5-1.
Hadleigh United, on the other hand, had to watch the gap between their 21st league position and the last safe spot open to six points as they drew 2-2 with Stanway Rovers, while Haverhill Borough (20th) took a win.
Despite going a goal ahead in the first half, they were pegged back and overtaken in the second. But a gutsy performance saw them equalise, as goalkeeper Nick Punter played their part with two penalties saves.
Ely City had an afternoon they will want to forget as they were hit for six by Coggeshall Town.
The tough afternoon at the Ellgia Stadium sees their fantastic form fade into the history books. Coggeshall, meanwhile, continue their relentless push towards catching runaway leaders Felixstowe.
Finally, Walsham le Willows were also on the end of a multi-goal loss, falling at home to Kirkley & Pakefield by a 3-0 scoreline.
In the Thurlow Nunn League First Division, Diss Town lost 2-3 to Norwich CBS at home while Needham Market Reserves drew 1-1 on the road to March Town United.
But Framlingham Town had better luck, with their 2-0 home defeat of Norwich United Reserves.
Debenham LC's home game against Halstead United was postponed due to adverse weather, as was Team Bury's home game against Downham Town.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Anthony Johnson says they still can't quite believe they and Bernard Morley are in charge of Chester FC .
Johnson and Morley, National League North winners with Salford City last month, were named as the men to lead Chester forward next season after being appointed in May on two-year deals.
But as soon as they were appointed Johnson was off on a two-week holiday to Florida with their wife and three children, with Morley getting to work on starting to shape the Chester side for next season in theirs absence.
"I go away to Florida every year and I always look forward to going, but this year I was a bit gutted as I just wanted to get to it and get started at Chester," said Johnson.
"It wasn't great timing for Bern but they have absolutely flown at it and got so much done. I was constantly texting them and on WhatsApp - my wife wasn't best pleased and told me to get rid of my phone!
"But it was a hard season for us at Salford, one where we just had to win the league, no ifs or buts. That puts a lot of pressure on you and it takes its toll. It was a tough season for us and the players.
"When we left Salford we were being linked with a few jobs and couldn't believe it when we had a shot at the Chester job. People say that me and Bern were some kind of coup for Chester but it is the other way round. I am Bury fan and Chester were always as big if not bigger down the years. They are a massive club with a big fan base and it is a club that needs to be rejuvenated and for fans to enjoy coming again. That is what our aim is.
"Chester got relegated with an average crowd of 1,800 odd. That's mad. Someone shared a picture of them at Barnsley in the FA Cup and there were a couple of thousand there - insane support. This is a football club with a lot of history."
Johnson says they and Morley will be ensuring that they have the right characters for next season, one where they are targeting a play-off spot.
And while a tight budget will mean Chester won't have the spending power Salford did, Johnson is backing themselves and Morley to get their recruitment right.
"Winning becomes a habit, and so does losing. You have to have a winning mentality in your squad and lads who know what that is like and have those standards," they said.
"Paying the best money doesn't guarantee you the best players. You need to trust the lads you have out there, and those lads need to trust everyone around them and all go into battle together. It's the only way you will get results.
"We could cop out and say that we will be mid-table and try and dampen some expectations of fans, but if you do that then you will fail. By telling people that mediocrity is ok then that is what you will get. We want winners here."
And someone who fits that bill for Johnson and Morley is midfielder Gary Roberts.
The 31-year-old has been offered fresh terms by the duo and it is hoped that a deal can be concluded.
"Gary Roberts is a winner. They get it and they are one of those players that does it for the shirt and for what it represents," said Johnson.
"He is someone with undoubted quality and someone who is the right kind of character we are looking for. Hopefully we can get something done with regards to that.
"It might sound old school, and I hate that saying, but you need lads like that. You can do all the so-called modern methods of coaching you want but if you don't have players with heart then forget it. I hate the expression old school, it should be the now school. That is what we are working on.
"There haven't been any signings yet, and that sometimes worries people, but we want the right people for this football club and we have to bide our time.
"This is a project for me and Bern and one we are so excited about. It's all we can think about. We don't want to fill peoples heads with grand plans and saying we will be in the Football League in a couple of seasons. That stuff is nonsense, what will be. What we will be is competitive and giving it a right good go, and if that takes us on a great journey then brilliant. It will be a rollercoaster but it will be exciting. Hopefully the fans buy into what we are all about."
BENTONVILLE, Ark. — Walmart is now live on the Google Express e-commerce site, and the retailer is offering its customers a deal to get them to try ordering merchandise by voice.
From now until January 15, any customer who buys a Google Home or Google Home Mini speaker from Walmart will receive a coupon good for $25 off a Walmart order when they link their Walmart account to Google Express.
“By linking their accounts, customers save time and money by receiving recommendations based on their previous purchases made in Walmart stores and on Walmart.com,” noted Andrew Sun, general manager for the internet of Things at Walmart U.S. eCommerce, in a blog post.
Google Home is a speaker that also functions as the interface for Google's virtual assistant, allowing consumers who order products (and do other things, such as searching the web) using just their voice. Google Home Mini is a new, smaller and less expensive version of the device.
“Everyone should have access to a virtual assistant, especially when it can be a tool to help make shopping more convenient,” Sun wrote. “That's one of the reasons why we're excited about the launch of the Google Home Mini. With a price tag of $49, it offers an affordable option for consumers who want to experience how a voice assistant can help them with everyday tasks — from getting answers to hands-free shopping.”
SAN ANTONIO, Texas - The Queen of Tejano and Fiesta is a pairing worth celebrating, and Selena's brother did just that Friday when they tweeted a photo of a man's Fiesta hat featuring the late singing icon.
A.B. Quintanilla wrote on Twitter, “This is how you start your weekend.”
This is how you start your weekend!!!💜💜💜 pic.twitter.com/2qjxyHgcAr — A.B. Quintanilla 3 (@ABQuintanilla3) April 20, 2018
The San Antonio Express-News reported that while the man's hat may have attracted the most attention, Selena dolls and photos decorated many Fiesta hats at the event's opening party on April 19 in Hemisfair Park in downtown San Antonio.
What do you think of the Selena hat? Let us know in the comments.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A spokesperson for House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (skuh-LEES') says the Louisiana Republican plans to throw out the first pitch before Friday night's playoff game between the Washington Nationals and Chicago Cubs.
Scalise made a triumphant return to the House last week — more than three months after they were wounded while practicing for an annual charity baseball game featuring members of Congress.
Scalise and four others were wounded when a gunman opened fire at the practice.
Watch all the way through the credits to see some important information – contains spoilers
Marvel superhero movies and post-credits scenes go together like Robert Downey Jr and weird tinted sunglasses, so it's no surprise to find that Avengers: Infinity War has a reward for fans who hold on until the very last ‘Hairstylist to Mr Cheadle' has been honoured on screen.
Advertisement
Slightly unusually for modern Marvel movies there is only one post-credits scene in Infinity War, with no mid-credits sting to warm fans up, a decision which co-directors Joe and Anthony Russo have suggested was due to the film's imminent sequel next May.
“You know, it's certainly something you consider,” Joe Russo told RadioTimes.com when asked how the untitled Avengers 4 had impacted the process of including post-credits scenes.
“But I can't say. We wrote a letter begging the fans not to spoil the movie for each other, so we don't want to spoil it for them.”
And with that spoiler-phobic ethos in mind, before we go into more depth discussing what happens in Infinity War's post-credits scene, this is a final warning – do NOT read on if you haven't already watched the film.
Though we'll try to avoid as many ending spoilers as we can, the post-credits scene obviously feeds off what happens in the main film, and reading before you've watched it can only spoil your enjoyment. You've been warned.
Still here? OK then – as you'll already know, the scene sees the surprise return of original Avengers cast members Samuel L Jackson and Cobie Smulders, playing super-spies Nick Fury and Maria Hill. The pair is driving through the streets of New York as they negotiate the aftermath of Thanos's (Josh Brolin) attack and try to track down the Avengers, looking for Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr) via satellite imaging.
However, as the fallout from Thanos's terrible actions begins to impact the world even more, Nick Fury pulls out one last play, activating a strange-looking pager that sends a message to an unknown source before flashing up an unusual logo.
It's at this stage that the scene needs a little extra information – because unless you've spent a fair bit of time online or read a lot of Marvel comics recently, you'd have no idea that the bright star over red and blue is the symbol of Captain Marvel, Brie Larson's new superhero who's set to appear in their first solo movie next February a few months before the Infinity War sequel.
Who is Captain Marvel? Well, for those not in the know, Captain Marvel (aka Carol Danvers) is a pilot who acquires alien powers in an accident, specifically those of a powerful race called the Kree (who previously played a key role in the first Guardians of the Galaxy film). While their powers have varied over the years they generally include super-strength, flight, energy manipulation and a “precognitive seventh sense”, and she's sometimes seen as one of the more powerful battlers in the Avengers' roster.
Clearly, with nothing left to lose Fury was calling in the big guns at the end of Infinity War, and the scene offers tantalising hints at what we can expect from the upcoming films. Captain Marvel is set in the 1990s, and includes Jackson as a younger version of Fury, so it'll clearly lay out the background to how and why he's still carrying around this pager many years later.
However, we're now also hoping it might explain how Brie Larson's hero will still be recognisable 30 years after their first appearance – maybe their abilities stop them ageing? – as well as why they haven't been out saving the world in that time and why exactly this particular crisis would bring them out of retirement.
And who knows? Maybe Captain Marvel will follow in the footsteps of Captain America: The First Avenger and conclude with a heroic Captain returning from decades past to join the final battle against Thanos in Avengers 4.
If nothing else, we're sure it'll have some pretty enticing post-credits scenes of its own…
Advertisement
Avengers: Infinity War is in cinemas now
BRISBANE, Australia — Alexander Zverev has beaten Australia's Nick Kyrgios 6-2, 7-6 (3), 6-2 in the first reverse singles Sunday to advance Germany to the Davis Cup World Group quarterfinals.
Germany went into Sunday's play leading 2-1 after a double win Saturday. A fifth best-of-three singles match was to be played later Sunday.
The fifth-ranked Zverev says: “It's an amazing feeling, hopefully this is just the beginning for us.”
No. 14-ranked Kyrgios looked frustrated from the start of the match on hard courts at Pat Rafter Arena, and required a second-set medical timeout to receive treatment on their right arm.
On Saturday, Tim Puetz and late call-up Jan-Lennard Struff gave Germany the 2-1 lead, beating Matt Ebden and John Peers 6-4, 6-7 (1), 6-2, 6-7 (4), 6-4.
On Friday, Zverev gave Germany a 1-0 lead with a 7-5, 4-6, 4-6, 6-3, 7-6 (4) win over Alex de Minaur before Kyrgios levelled for Australia with a 6-4, 6-4, 6-4 win over Struff.
Germany will play either Britain or Spain in the quarterfinals from April 6-8.
Australia will contest September's World Group playoffs.
The Social Media Privacy and Consumer Rights Act of 2018 would require terms of service agreements to be written in plain language and would ensure consumers have the ability to see what data of theirs has been collected and shared. It would also grant users the right to opt out of data tracking and collection and give them more access and control over their online information. When a privacy violation occurs, companies would have to notify the affected users within 72 hours and online platforms would be required to have a privacy program.
Senators Edward Markey (D-MA) and Richard Blumenthal (D-CT) have introduced legislation as well. The CONSENT Act would also require opt-in consent, data security parameters and more transparency regarding data collection and sharing. Other Congressional leaders have called for tech companies to get involved in the design of more stringent data privacy regulations.
"I don't want to hurt Facebook, and I don't want to regulate them half to death, either. But I have a job to do, and that's protecting the rights and privacy of our citizens," Senator Kennedy said. "Our bill gives consumers more control over their private data, requires user agreements to be written in plain English and requires companies to notify users of privacy violations. These are just simple steps that online platforms should have implemented in the first place."
When does BGT go live? And what's going to happen to Ant and Dec? Find out more about ITV's biggest talent show here
Britain's Got Talent 2018 is back – and it's bigger and better than ever.
Advertisement
We've already seen Father Ray Kelly go viral (again), Marc Spelmann work their magic, and Matt Johnson wow with their incredible escapology.
But what else is in store? Here's everything to know about BGT:
When is Britain's Got Talent on TV?
Britain's Got Talent continues Thursday 31st May at 7.30pm on ITV.
Who's on BGT tonight?
These are the eight acts performing live on Britain's Got Talent on Thursday night, from another Golden Buzzer act to a rather unconventional comedian…
Who are the Britain's Got Talent semi-finalists?
All 40 semi-finalist acts for Britain's Got Talent have now been revealed – and we've got the full list right here.
Who are the guest performers on Britain's Got Talent?
Rita Ora and Alfie Boe are amongst the special music guest stars taking to the BGT stage throughout the live week of semi-finals. To see who's on when, click here.
How do you vote in BGT?
All of the voting information you need for Britain's Got Talent 2018 is right here.
What about the Golden Buzzer?
The Golden Buzzer is back again and all five acts have now been revealed.
All of the judges opted for singers: David Walliams has gone for Donchez, Simon Cowell has picked Tim and Jack Goodacre, Alesha Dixon has chosen Lifford Shillingford and Amanda Holden used theirs on Gruffydd Wyn Roberts.
Ant and Dec have chosen magician Marc Spelmann.
When does Britain's Got Talent go live?
The start date for the live shows has been confirmed as the Bank Holiday – Monday 28th May. You can read more about the dates and times of all the BGT live shows here.
When is the BGT final?
The live grand final for Britain's Got Talent is on Sunday 3rd June. You can find out more about it here.
What does the winner of Britain's Got Talent get?
Unlike some TV talent shows, there's a big cash prize in store for whoever wins BGT – as well as a spot on the bill at the Royal Variety Performance. Here's what else you need to know about what the winner of Britain's Got Talent gets.
Who are the Britain's Got Talent judges?
For the seventh year running, Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden, Alesha Dixon and David Walliams will be judging the acts.
Are Ant and Dec still presenting Britain's Got Talent?
The future of Ant and Dec presenting Britain's Got Talent together became less clear following Ant's arrest on suspicion of drink driving.
A statement from Ant's publicist confirmed that the presenter “has decided to go back into treatment and step down from their current TV commitments.”
After Dec impressed hosting the final two episodes of Saturday Night Takeaway by himself, ITV have confirmed that they will be taking on the live episodes of BGT by themselves without Ant.
Although Ant definitely won't be appearing during Britain's Got Talent's live shows, they will be featuring in all of the pre-recorded audition episodes.
This is because these theatre auditions were held in London, Manchester and Blackpool back in January and February – before Ant's arrest on 18th March.
ITV made the decision to forge ahead and show the audition episodes as usual.
Where are Britain's Got Talent's live shows filmed?
For the first time, BGT has moved out of a TV studio. Instead, the live shows will all be held at Hammersmith Apollo in London.
“It has to be in a theatre and I'll tell you why,” explained Simon. “We go into a studio and make it look like a theatre, it's like buying a Mini and trying to make it look like a Rolls-Royce! There's something about the theatre element.
“So whenever we do the live shows in a studio, something, that gloss, glow, whatever you want to call it, is missing for me. So I'm thrilled because this year I have got my own way…again.”
And if you want to get tickets to the live shows, we've got everything you need to know right here.
When were the Britain's Got Talent auditions?
Believe it or not, the nationwide open auditions kicked off back in October. The theatre auditions for BGT were held up and down the UK this January, but auditions are now finished.
David Walliams confirmed on Twitter in February that the audition rounds had finished filming. Ant and Dec had both hosted the auditions rounds together as normal.
Advertisement
Britain's Got Talent airs Saturdays on ITV
Hydrogen peroxide, or H2O2, is one of the most common household disinfectants around, and its possible uses are vast. While most people know that this handy household product is good for sanitizing cuts, this liquid actually also has countless powerful oxidizing properties that can be used for everything from whitening to styling.
One Instagram user, @wiredbrainmedia, recently shared a cute photo of how they (and their child) clean with it. The caption reads: “Who says helping mommy clean has to be boring?” Based on their hashtags, it looks like she's using hydrogen peroxide and baking soda to clean them stovetop!
Get ready to have your mind blown with these 13 super easy ways to incorporate hydrogen peroxide in all areas of your life:
1. Get Rid Of Bad Breath
Sometimes, a good brushing isn't enough to get rid of bad breath. The trick? Gargle hydrogen peroxide diluted with water in your mouth once a week to kill the unhealthy organisms that may be causing your stinky breath. Don't use it any more often than that, though, as you don't want the chemical to kill the good bacteria in your mouth as well.
2. Change Your Hair Color
Gradually lighten your hair color by mixing equal parts hydrogen peroxide and water in a spray bottle. Spray the solution into your hair, comb through with a brush and wait for it to dry. Do this daily and you'll have lighter hair in no time.
3. Tackle An Ear Infection
Use hydrogen peroxide drops to deal with your ear infection. This can help to clear out the infection and any blockages in your ear.
4. Clean Your Fruits And Veggies
Need to clean the bacteria off of your produce? Spritz some food-grade hydrogen peroxide on them. Or fill a bowl with cold water and hydrogen peroxide to wash your produce by hand. Be sure to rinse thoroughly.
5. Whiten Your Teeth
In addition to using hydrogen peroxide as an effective mouthwash, you can also turn it into a toothpaste by mixing it with baking soda. Peroxide acts as a bleaching agent, so you'll notice whiter teeth immediately.
6. Wash Your Toilet Bowl
Disinfect your toilet bowl by pouring in a half cup of hydrogen peroxide. Let it stand for twenty minutes and then scrub out the bowl with a toilet brush and flush.
7. Say Goodbye to Caked-On Food
To get rid of caked-on-food stuck to your kitchenware, combine baking soda and hydrogen peroxide so they form a paste. Then, rub that onto the dirty pots and pans that are giving you a hard time. Let sit and easily scrub it away with warm water. The baking soda acts as an abrasive while the peroxide helps to break down the particles.
8. Sanitize Your Cutting Board
Hydrogen peroxide cleans and removes stains from wood and plastic cutting boards. To sanitize, pour the solution directly onto the board. Proceed to scrub with a clean sponge and let it sit until it starts to fizz. Rinse.
9. Clean Kids' Toys
Kids' toys harbor plenty of germs. To avoid spreading them, wipe down unsanitary toys and play areas with hydrogen peroxide, a safe cleaning agent that will keep everyone healthy and happy.
10. Pamper Your Feet
Mix together a one-to-one ratio of hydrogen peroxide and water in a soaking bowl and submerge your feet. You'll come away with soft calluses, diminished foot fungus and cleaner feet.
11. Remove Stains
Hydrogen peroxide can take care of even the most awful stains. Once you've blotted the problem area, pour some solution directly onto the stain and let it sit for a few minutes (or longer for tougher stains). Proceed to rub and wipe with a clean cloth. You'll want to test it on a section of the material first, as hydrogen peroxide can sometimes leave its own stain behind.
12. Help Your Plants Grow
Did you know that H2O2 is naturally occurring in rainwater? Sometimes, rainfall picks up extra oxygen from the atmosphere, which then converts it into H2O2. This is what promotes the growth of plants. Try soaking your plant seeds in hydrogen peroxide to simulate rainwater. Use 1 ounce of peroxide for every two cups of water and soak overnight.
13. Disinfect Reusable Bags
If you're shopping with reusable bags to help the environment, great job! Just make sure you spray some hydrogen peroxide on the fabric every now and then to disinfect it and get rid of food odors.
This story originally appeared on Simplemost. Checkout Simplemost for other great tips and ideas to make the most out of life.
WARREN, Ohio (WYTV) – The Warren teen convicted of shooting and killing their father less than two years ago will be released from a mental health facility on Sunday.
Bresha Meadows, now 16 years old, is expected to leave Bellefaire JCB, a treatment facility in Cleveland, and begin living with their mother while she's on probation for two years.
Defense attorney Ian Friedman confirmed this information with WYTV Saturday afternoon.
On May 22, 2017, Meadows pleaded “true” in Trumbull County Family Court to an amended charge of involuntary manslaughter with gun specifications. They were accused of shooting and killing their father, Jonathan Meadows, on July 28, 2016.
The case gained nationwide attention when Friedman asserted Meadows was actually a victim of abuse. Supporters from the Columbus-based Ohio Student Association had been pushing for treatment instead of prison time.
Before being in the treatment facility, Meadows was being held in the Trumbull County Juvenile Detention Center ever since they were arrested after the shooting in 2016.
Meadows' family had mixed emotions regarding their plea deal from May 22, 2017. Them mother's relatives have said they witnessed and suffered years of abuse at the hands of their father, while their father's siblings have said the girl was just acting out.
WASHINGTON — Democratic Rep. Carol Shea-Porter, the first woman elected to Congress from New Hampshire, said Friday she's retiring at the end of their term.
Shea-Porter, 64, said in a statement that “the time has come in my life to pause and decide on a different path.”
Shea-Porter, who was a community activist before coming to Washington, has cut a reliably liberal profile in Washington, voting for the “Obamacare” health law during their second term and the 2010 financial overhaul bill. They have been an ally of Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi.
They said they share “a vision of an America with government that believes in honest and open elections, creates opportunity for all, supports local business and grows the economy while it cares for its young, its old, and its most vulnerable citizens, and believes in good flight attendantship of our Earth and its resources.”
They were originally elected in the Democratic wave of 2006 and has swapped the seat back and forth with former GOP Rep. Frank Guinta on several occasions, depending on the Granite State's electoral whims. They won it back last year, winning 44 per cent of the vote in a three-way race.
“This has been a very difficult decision, given how much I have enjoyed serving in the House and the fact that the 2018 election is shaping up to be like 2006, when I was first elected, an important time when Congress changed political leadership and was able to move America forward,” Shea-Porter said in their statement. “While I certainly would enjoy being part of that, I felt the tug of family at our reunion on Independence Day, and I have continued to feel it.”
Shea-Porter was a surprise winner of the seat in their first ever campaign for office, focusing on opposition to the Iraq war and health care. They noted in their statement that they did not have a paid staffer in their 2006 campaign.
They serve on the House Armed Services Committee and the Education panel.
New Hampshire has an all-female congressional delegation.
FDA Warns Dog Bones Could Be Deadly for Fido
The Food and Drug Administration warned consumers not to buy commercial dog bones after several reports of illness and death of pets, the agency said in a notice this month.
The FDA said it received about 68 reports of pet illnesses related to "bone treats" - the processed and packaged dog treats sometimes described as "Ham Bones," "Pork Femur Bones," "Rib Bones" and "Smokey Knuckle Bones" that are different from the uncooked butcher-type bones.
"The products may be dried through a smoking process or by baking and may contain other ingredients such as preservatives, seasonings, and smoke flavorings," the FDA said.
"Giving your dog a bone treat might lead to an unexpected trip to your veterinarian, a possible emergency surgery, or even death for your pet," said Carmela Stamper, a veterinarian in the Center for Veterinary Medicine at the FDA.
Some of the symptoms of bad bone treats include blockage in the digestive tract, choking, cuts and wounds in the mouth or on the tonsils, vomiting, diarrhea, bleeding from the rectum and death.
In all, the FDA has received reports from 90 dogs as some reports included more than one dog. Of the 90 dogs affected, 15 have died.
In addition to bone treats, the FDA warned against giving chicken bones to dogs, which can cause injury and choking.
"We recommend supervising your dog with any chew toy or treat, especially one they haven't had before," Stamper said. "And if they 'just isn't acting right,' call your veterinarian right away!"
© 2017 UPI Top Stories under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
Not far from Norway's North Sea oil rigs, shipbuilders are assembling some of the first ferry boats ever to be powered entirely by batteries.
For years, the yard, nestled against the deep-blue sea waters and snow-clad mountains of the country's deepest fjord, mostly made fuel-guzzling boats for the oil industry. But orders vanished as crude slumped in recent years. Now, like other Norwegian industries, its future prosperity depends on going green.
“If you look at the next five years, this is what we'll be doing,” said Erlend Hatleberg, a project manager at Havyard Group, which runs the Sognefjord shipyard that's switched to specializing in boats with battery technology similar to plug-in cars. “We were in a really deep trough. But activity is back.”
While progress in electrifying the world's excessively polluting shipping fleets is miles behind advances in automobiles, Europe is making initial strides as Paris Climate Accord goals to cut carbon dioxide emissions loom large. Dozens of battery-powered boats that can move through inland waterways in Norway, Belgium and the Netherlands are about to make their first voyages, including some able to run fully automatically without a crew.
Nowhere is this push more prevalent than Norway, a country where almost all electricity produced is hydropower, the state oil company is expanding into offshore wind farming and people drive more electric cars, per capita, than any country in the world.
Next up, Norway wants two-thirds of all boats carrying both passengers and cars along its jagged and windy Atlantic coastline to be electrified by 2030. Havyard is filling 13 orders for zero-emission ferries received since 2016.
The technology, all the new ideas, are moving very very fast
Zooming out, though, the progress may be a drop in the bucket. To really slash maritime pollution would require the 50,000 tankers, freighters and carriers traversing the oceans to switch to renewable energy. The largest use diesel engines as big as a four-story house, with emissions comparable to 64,000 passenger cars.
Without big changes, the International Council on Clean Transportation warns sea transport could be responsible for 17 percent of CO2 emissions by 2050, up from 2-3 per cent now. But shipping was omitted from the Paris deal and battery technologies haven't evolved enough for long ocean voyages, according to the International Maritime Organization, which is set to reveal in April an initial set of guidelines for cutting greenhouse gases.
“Battery technology is simply not competitive and still requires significant further evolution in terms of performance and cost reduction before it could be preferable to synthetic fuel options,” Lloyd's Register Group, a maritime classification society founded in the 18th century, said in a December report.
For now, electric ships make most sense in populated waterfront areas where they can be recharged easily and improve air quality and noise pollution. Of the 185 battery-powered ships in operation or scheduled for delivery worldwide in 2018, most are in Norway and France, according to DNV GL, a ship classification and assurance company near Oslo.
Norway is particularly suited because its hundreds of fjords-long and narrow inlets of seawater that can stretch hundreds of kilometers inland-make ferries an essential complement to road transportation. By 2021, about 60 battery-powered or hybrid vessels will be in operation, said Edvard Sandvik, who heads the ferry division at Norway's Public Roads Administration.
The first zero-emissions ferry, called the MF Ampere, started sailing between the villages of Oppedal and Lavik along the Sognefjord in 2015. Operated by Norled, it's made of light aluminium, runs on 10 tons of lithium-ion batteries and carries up to 350 passengers and 120 cars. After each 20-minute journey, it recharges for 10 minutes. The ride is both smoother and quieter than on diesel-powered ferries.
Some initial kinks made the ship lag the two other ferries that travel the same route, frustrating commuters, but it's since caught up.
“I'm very doubtful that the first steam engine was flawless,” said captain Steinar Johnsen, 47. “If you're always going to wait for something better, you're never going to do anything.”
In the Netherlands, Port-Liner BV will deploy five, 52-metre container barges powered by 20-foot batteries this year that can cruise for 15 hours, says chief executive officer, Ton van Meegen. They predict they'll divert some 23,000 trucks from European roads when they start servicing ports in and around Antwerp, Belgium, and Dutch cities Amsterdam and Rotterdam.
Also in the pipeline: 10 boats capable of running for 35 hours on four, 20-foot-long batteries. They'll cut 18,000 cubic tonnes of CO2 from the atmosphere, they said.
“The technology, all the new ideas, are moving very very fast,” Van Meegen said. “I don't know what will happen in the next 50 years, but it will be a completely different world.”
Europe's 7,300 inland ships will eventually make the switch under global rules that require all transport, with the exception of planes, to use greener technologies by 2050. Their motors are already a third cheaper than typical diesel varieties going for 350,000 euros ($434,000), Van Meegan said. But batteries-made by the likes of Corvus Energy in Canada-drive up costs.
Regulations are also lagging. The IMO hasn't yet set out rules to govern sailorless ships, even though companies are racing to design them.
Port-Liner's Dutch barges can be fully automated, while a unit of Norwegian technology company Kongsberg Gruppen ASA will have a 79.5-metre, battery-powered, open-top container ship ready by 2020. Rolls-Royce Holdings Plc predicts its first unmanned ocean-going ship will make its first voyage as soon as 2035.
Back in Norway, where national and regional governments spend 3 billion kroner ($386 million) a year to operate the 200 ferries serving 130 routes, Hatleberg is counting on orders continuing. Before the electric boat fad, the yard cut more than a quarter of its workforce.
On an icy day in late February, some 120 shipwrights were welding, hammering and laying 75,000 metres of cables over the newest ferry, the 67-metre, 2,100 ton MF Husavik, slated for delivery to ferry operator Fjord1 as early as May.
“We finally have work again,” Hatleberg said. “It's a pretty tough project. But people are enthusiastic, there's an extreme will to make this happen.”
Citrix is significantly expanding its office in Dublin, Ireland, and has announced the creation of 150 new jobs including many Technical Support roles. The project is supported by the Department of Jobs, Enterprise and Innovation through IDA Ireland, and is hoping to attract technical talent and expertise from Ireland and further afield, including other EMEA regions.
The expansion will support Citrix's transition to a Cloud-based model, meaning that new roles within the Cloud Adoption, Consulting and Managed Services teams are also being created.
Dublin is a vibrant technical hub for many global IT companies, being home to multinational tech companies such as Google and Facebook, alongside much innovation within the start-up space. Ireland has one of the youngest and best educated populations in Europe, which is complemented by a growing influx of international talent. The capital city additionally offers a unique gateway into other major markets.
Read the entire article here, Citrix Seeks Technical Support Talent for Its Expansion Drive in Ireland
via the fine folks at Citrix Systems, Inc.
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: ghananewsagency.org
2017-10-06
Mustapha Abdul-Hamid, Minister of Information
Information Minister Mustapha Abdul-Hamid has discredited media reports that they abandoned a group of journalists covering the President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo's tour of the Upper East region after their vehicle broke down.
A release issued and signed by the Minister on Thursday said the vehicle that broke down was not the one that was hired by the Director of Communications at the Presidency, Mr Eugene Arhin, for journalists covering the President in the region.
According to the release, Mr Arhin had a dedicated corps of journalists in every region who covered Presidential trips and that the group of journalists who were said to have been stranded were not part of the official Presidential press team.
It explained that the Public Relations Officer of the Regional Co-ordinating Council, Godwin Nkunu, hired the bus in question for some other journalists chosen by them and unknown to the Presidential Communication team.
The release said the Information Minister “merely chanced upon their broken down vehicle because they went to the hospital and, therefore, did not join the official convoy.”
“They were in the company of Godwin Nkunu who was at that time making calls to get them another vehicle,” the release said
The release said the Minister stopped and also asked that a vehicle be procured from Bolgatanga to pick them up, but the journalists themselves said that it would be difficult to get a good vehicle in Bolgatanga at the time.
The Minister who had room for three persons in their vehicle, proceeded with three of the newsmen, and asked Mr Nkunu to find a vehicle for the rest to catch up with the Presidential team.
“Indeed, Godwin Nkunu found them another vehicle and they continued as scheduled,” the release said.
OTTAWA — A group representing survivors of the so-called '60s Scoop says the federal government's proposed $800-million settlement does not go far enough.
The government failed to adequately consult those who experienced forced adoptions before it announced the compensation package last October, said Duane Morrisseau-Beck of the National Indigenous Survivors of Child Welfare Network.
Thousands of Indigenous children were taken from their homes by child-welfare agents and placed with non-Indigenous families starting in the 1960s, a practice that stripped them of their culture, language and traditions.
Morrisseau, who is a survivor, said the network will campaign against the proposed settlement and plans to hold rallies in cities across the country on March 16 to demand fair and inclusive compensation.
“We deserve to be heard,” they said Friday. “We feel that this agreement is unfair, unreasonable and not in the best interest of '60s Scoop survivors.”
The network also took issue with the settlement's exclusion of Metis survivors and those without legal Indian status or who are unable to prove it.
Sabrina Williams, a spokesperson for Carolyn Bennett, minister of Crown-Indigenous relations, described the settlement as a first step and said the government is committed to addressing the harm suffered by others involved in the '60s Scoop, including Metis and non-status people.
“The Sixties Scoop is a dark and painful chapter in Canada's history,” they said in an email.
“The government is interested in working with all parties — provinces, territories, Metis leadership, plaintiffs and their counsel — to work towards resolving the litigation outside of the courts.”
Survivor Lesley Parlane said it is irresponsible and dismissive of the government not to take an accurate survey of how many people were affected by the '60s Scoop.
“To proceed without all survivors' input is unconscionable and is an act of deep injustice,” they said. “Where is reconciliation if my voice and story and many others have not been heard?”
Colleen Cardinal, co-founder of the network, described the settlement as unfair and poorly communicated.
The organization has received reports of lawyers offering to help survivors navigate the settlement in exchange for contingency fees that “capitalize on our loss and traumas,” they said.
“We are asking survivors to be wary,” they added.
Robert Doucette, a former leader of the Metis Nation of Saskatchewan, has said they intend to sue both the provincial and federal governments over the '60s Scoop.
Doucette, themselves a survivor, said it is wrong that the Metis were overlooked in the government's compensation proposal.
— Follow @gwomand on Twitter
Sweden has become the latest country to regulate the use of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), or drones, covering both private and commercial operators.
Swedish Transport Agency Transportstyrelsen said that while the rapidly developing UAV technology presents great opportunities, the craft must be operated safely.
Under the new rules, Swedish UAV operators must fly their craft more than 5km (3.1 miles) away from an airport's active runway, or at least 1km away from a helicopter landing area.
Neither may fly UAVs “over a short distance or in such a way that can disrupt a rescue operation in progress”—presumably in the event of an accident where emergency service helicopters are present.
UAVs may only be flown in controlled airspace by special permission and on terms set by the relevant air traffic control unit for the airspace concerned, according to the new regulations.
Operators controlling a drone in traffic information zones or traffic information areas, must maintain a two-way radio connection, or equivalent, in agreement with air traffic management. Flights in a traffic zone may only be done after consultation with the relevant airport.
UAV operators violating these rules face a fine or imprisonment, the agency warned.
Nations are scrambling to find ways to control, or integrate UAV operations, given the fears that a collision between a drone and an airliner or light aircraft could result in a crash.
Alan Dron alandron@adepteditorial.com
BELLEVILLE, Ont. — Search and rescue personnel from CFB Trenton have helped get an injured snowmobiler in Ontario's far north to hospital.
A Hercules aircraft and a Griffon helicopter flew to a remote hunting camp about 20 kilometres north of Attawapiskat, Ont., on Tuesday, where a snowmobiler had fallen off the machine, landing on ice.
Master Cpl. Brent Nolasco says rescuers parachuted to the scene from the Hercules and stabilized the patient, while the Canadian Rangers and the snowmobiler's family kept a fire going to keep everyone warm.
The injured person was taken to Moosonee, Ont., by helicopter, transferred to the Hercules, and flown to a hospital in Sudbury, Ont.
The squadron was contacted because first responders weren't able to transfer the person due to the suspected injuries and remote location.
(CJOJ)
The Knesset security officer is conducting an investigation in an attempt to locate those who sent threatening letters in recent weeks to Chairman David Amsalem of the Knesset Internal Affairs and Environment Committee, according to News 2.
The senders wrote that they intended to cause the Likud lawmaker's death.
LONDON (AP) — Israeli author David Grossman has won the Man Booker International Prize for their novel "A Horse Walks Into a Bar."
The award was announced Wednesday in London.
Grossman beat out five other finalists, including fellow Israeli author Amos Oz for the counterpart to Britain's prestigious Booker Prize. Grossman's novel is about a failing standup comic and their final performance.
The award has a prize of 50,000 pounds ($64,000) that is split evenly between Grossman and translator Jessica Cohen.
The prize was previously a career honor, but changed last year to recognize a single book in a bid to increase the profile of international fiction in English-speaking countries.
Last year the prize was awarded to "The Vegetarian" by South Korea's Han Kang.
Portable Safe Space
Now moonbats who find reality triggering can withdraw into a cocoon and feel safe anywhere — thanks to the Pause Pod:
Inside your Pause Pod, Shrillary is the president, if you like. There is no one to tell you different.
Collapse the Pause Pod and bring it along wherever you might encounter stress. Infantry troops are encouraged to strap them on for combat missions. Pause Pods will find a place next to the rosin bag behind major league mounds, to help pitchers cope with the stress of bases loaded jams. No operating room will be complete without a Pause Pod for escaping the anxiety of pesky arteries that won't stop gushing blood.
× 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now
On a more serious note, too bad we can't get moonbats to use these for Pause Pods:
Then it would be easy to lock them inside and stack the pods on container ships, so that we could send them off to China to serve as slave labor to help us pay down our debt. This would be of enormous benefit to moonbats, allowing them to feel useful for once.
On tips from J, Jester, and Varla. Cross-posted at Moonbattery.
What an honor it is to be included in Computerworld's Best Places to Work in IT for 2017! I'm proud of our team and proud of this achievement on behalf of Nutanix.
A couple of years ago, I was sitting in my son's karate dojo and waiting for their class to end. Their teacher, Ray Pruitt, shared a parting lesson with the kids. Master Pruitt recounted the first time they ever went to an international karate competition. They were just 14 and was competing against adults from every country. Against all odds, they were declared the overall champion of the event. Not only was this their first international competition, but this was their first overall win! They were so excited and so happy as they joined the other finalists on the main stage to hear the winner announced and receive their medal. But when the time came to announce the overall champion, the announcer *didn't even speak their name*. No, instead, they announced that the overall competition was won by “Master Wu's Student”.
It took them many years to understand the significance of handling the announcement this way, but they finally understood it. And here's the lesson: while Master Pruitt's achievement as a 14-year-old boy was amazing, far more than that, their very *presence* at this event as a martial artist was the culmination and expression of Master Wu's life's work. Their recognition was the embodiment of their teacher's life's work.
Read the entire article here, Nutanix Selected as One of Computerworld's 100 Best Places to Work in IT
via the fine folks at Nutanix.
Peter Moskowitz reveals why gentrification is about much more than just fancy coffee shops. Donate to order this gift now!
Essays on the very real dangers of antisemitism and the false accusations used to defend Israel, with a foreword by Judith Butler. Donate to order this gift now!
Crackdowns on dissenters ahead of the government decision to allow women to drive were seen as a show of force by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman (AFP Photo/BANDAR AL-JALOUD)
Riyadh (AFP) - Saudi Arabia has arrested 22 people, including a Qatari national, for "inciting public feelings" on social media, authorities said Wednesday, following a crackdown on dissent.
Those detained had posted video clips online, the official Saudi Press Agency said citing a security source, adding that authorities were investigating their motives and connections.
"Their number is 22 people, one of them Qatari, and the rest are Saudis. Their motives and links are being verified," SPA said.
They were arrested for "circulation of video clips on social networking sites inciting public feelings", SPA added without any further details.
Saudi Arabia last month launched a crackdown on dissenters, detaining prominent clerics and activists ahead of a historic government decision to allow women to drive.
The action was seen as a show of force by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, who has styled themselves as a reformer who will set the country on the road to modernity and civil liberty.
Separately, SPA quoted the interior ministry as saying that 24 people were arrested in the northwestern province of Hail for "exploiting social networking sites to promote lies and exaggerations" with the aim of provoking "sedition and tribal tensions".
It was not clear whether the two sets of arrests were connected.
SPA also did not offer details on the arrested Qatari national.
Saudi Arabia as well as Egypt, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates cut ties with Qatar in June, in the worst diplomatic crisis to roil the Gulf for years.
The four countries accuse Qatar of backing extremism and fostering ties with Iran, their Shiite Muslim rival, charges that Doha denies.
Local residents voice anger over London tower blaze
Residents and campaigners in the London neighbourhood where a tower block went up in a giant blaze on Wednesday spoke angrily about longstanding safety concerns, saying they were ignored because the community was not rich.
Damian Collins, former head of the Grenfell Tower Residents' Association, said residents had complained to the local council over the handling of a major refurbishment of the building completed last year.
“We used to say that… it'll take a tragedy before the people wake up and before the people managing the building get held to account,” Collins told AFP, as the 24-storey building smouldered nearby.
Collins said residents of the tower were particularly concerned about the lack of fire exits in the building.
They said there were also faults in the heating and lighting systems, and 90 percent of residents had signed a petition in 2015 that was ignored.
“There were so many concerns,” Collins said.
“The telling thing this morning is that when I woke up I wasn't surprised… Shocked, terrified for all the people living here, not surprised,” they said.
Grenfell Tower is a concrete tower block built in 1974.
Its £8.7 million (9.9 million euro, $11 million) refurbishment was completed last year and included new cladding covering the whole of the exterior, which residents blamed for spreading the fire.
“They decided that £10 million would go on this cladding, and we believe that's what went on fire,” said Stewart Wallace, 59, a resident who said they had been evacuated from their home over fears Grenfell Tower could collapse.
Wallace told AFP those who lived in the tower were looking to local authorities for answers: “They're wondering where the councillors are, they're looking for someone to blame.”
– ‘Residents running the show' –
As locals stood aghast at the sight of the burning building, some wearing protective masks, people carried donations such as bags of clothing and bottles of water to a nearby church.
Nana Akuffo, 46, a chef who lives in the neighbourhood, said the community was used to fending for itself.
“It's all residents running the show. The council is nowhere to be seen,” they said.
Referring to the multiple complaints by residents, they said: “If this happened somewhere near (up-market) Knightsbridge that would have been resolved. It wouldn't have been an issue.”
Virginia Sang, 62, said they know many of the Grenfell Tower residents through their work at a local health centre and had walked past its only entrance hours before the fire started.
“The council were aware of all the problems that's going on in the tower block,” they said, explaining that since the refurbishment there had been problems with the electricity and gas.
Sang, another person evacuated from their home, said there had been a notice in the lifts telling residents to stay in their flats if there was a fire.
They recalled seeing residents of Grenfell Tower in the early hours of Wednesday morning, shouting for help and trying to escape.
“(A man) tied sheets together to try and get out. I don't know what happened,” they told AFP.
The tower was built as public housing and is located in a working-class but rapidly gentrifying part of the mostly wealthy Borough of Kensington and Chelsea.
It neighbours the chic district of Notting Hill, famed for its Portobello Road market from where the flames of Grenfell Tower were still visible on Wednesday afternoon.
“If the same concerns were had in a wealthy part of Kensington and Chelsea they would have got resolved, but here they didn't get resolved,” said Collins.
“This is a multi-ethnic, multicultural, diverse community that just didn't get served by the people representing them,” they said.
– ‘This is mass murder' –
Eddie, a 55-year-old resident from the Grenfell Action Group, told AFP they too had been complaining for years. They were particularly concerned about work at the base of the building, which they said blocked access for fire trucks.
“This is mass murder and these people need to be put into court for the way they've treated this community,” they said at the scene of the blaze.
A blog post on the Grenfell Action Group blog last year warned about a potential fire risk caused by rubbish being allowed to accumulate during the works.
“This matter is of particular concern as there is only one entry and exit to Grenfell Tower during the improvement works,” it said.
“The potential for a fire to break out in the communal area on the walkway does not bear thinking about as residents would be trapped in the building with no way out,” it said.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Naira maintains grip, closes at 364 per dollar
The naira closed flat at 364 per the United States dollar on Wednesday, the same rate it closed on Monday and Tuesday. This is despite a $414m injection into the foreign exchange market by the Central Bank of Nigeria on Monday. The naira had posted a marginal gain against the United States dollar at the parallel […]
Naira maintains grip, closes at 364 per dollar
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The humble pecan is being rebranded as more than just pie.
Pecan growers and suppliers are hoping to sell U.S. consumers on the virtues of North America's only native nut as a hedge against a potential trade war with China, the pecan's largest export market.
The pecan industry is also trying to crack the fast-growing snack-food industry.
The retail value for packaged nuts, seeds and trail mix in the U.S. alone was $5.7 billion in 2012, and is forecast to rise to $7.5 billion by 2022, according to market researcher Euromonitor.
The Fort Worth, Texas-based American Pecan Council, formed in the wake of a new federal marketing order that allows the industry to band together and assess fees for research and promotion, is a half-century in the making, said Jim Anthony, 80, the owner of a 14,000-acre pecan farm near Granbury, Texas.
Anthony said that regional rivalries and turf wars across the 15-state pecan belt — stretching from the Carolinas to California — made such a union impossible until recently, when demand for pecans exploded in Asian markets.
Until 2007, most U.S. pecans were consumed domestically, according to Daniel Zedan, president of Nature's Finest Foods, a marketing group. By 2009, China was buying about a third of the U.S. crop.
The pecan is the only tree nut indigenous to North America, growers say. Sixteenth-century Spanish explore Cabeza de Vaca wrote about tasting the nut during their encounters with Native American tribes in South Texas. The name is French explorers' phonetic spelling of the native word "pakan," meaning hard-shelled nut.
Facing growing competition from pecan producers in South Africa, Mexico and Australia, U.S. producers are also riding the wave of the Trump Administration's policies to promote American-made goods.
Most American kids grow up with peanut butter but peanuts probably originated in South America. Almonds are native to Asia and pistachios to the Middle East. The pecan council is funding academic research to show that their nuts are just as nutritious.
The council on Wednesday will debut a new logo: "American Pecans: The Original Supernut."
Rodney Myers, who manages operations at Anthony's pecan farm, credits the pecan's growing cachet in China and elsewhere in Asia with its association to rustic Americana — "the oilfield, cowboys, the Wild West — they associate all these things with the North American nut," they said.
China earlier this month released a list of American products that could face tariffs in retaliation for proposed U.S. tariffs on $50 billion worth of Chinese goods. Fresh and dried nuts — including the pecan — could be slapped with a 15-percent tariff, according to the list. To counter that risk, the pecan council is using some of the $8 million in production-based assessments it's collected since the marketing order was passed to promote the versatility of the tree nut beyond pecan pie at Thanksgiving.
While Chinese demand pushed up prices it also drove away American consumers. By January 2013, prices had dropped 50 percent from their peak in 2011, according to Zedan.
U.S. growers and processers were finally able in 2016 to pass a marketing order to better control pecan production and prices.
Authorized by the Agricultural Marketing Agreement Act of 1937, federal marketing orders help producers and handlers standardize packaging, impose quality control and fund research, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture, which oversees 28 other fruit, vegetable and specialty marketing orders, in addition to the pecan order.
Critics charge that the orders interfere with the price signals of a free, unfettered private market.
"What you've created instead is a government-sanctioned cartel," said Daren Bakst, an agricultural policy researcher at the conservative Heritage Foundation.
Before the almond industry passed its own federal marketing order in 1950, fewer almonds than pecans were sold, according to pecan council chair Mike Adams, who cultivates 600 acres of pecan trees near Caldwell, Texas. Now, while almonds appear in everything from cereal to milk substitutes, Adams calls the pecan "the forgotten nut."
"We're so excited to have an identity, to break out of the pie shell," said Molly Willis, a member of the council who owns an 80-acre pecan farm in Albany, Georgia, a supplement to their husband's family's peanut-processing business.
NEW YORK — The Mets have hired two new public address announcers for Citi Field, including the first woman to hold the job and a grandson of late ABC broadcaster Howard Cosell.
Marysol Castro will start work at Thursday night's homestand opener against the Chicago Cubs, and Colin Cosell will debut on Saturday night.
Alex Anthony was the announcer from 2002-17, making the move with the team from Shea Stadium to Citi Field. They were replaced on an interim basis at the start of this season by Rob Rush, also the announcer for the NBA G-League's Long Island Nets.
Castro has worked at WPIX and News 12 The Bronx in New York, and was a weather anchor on ABC's "Good Morning America" for seven years.
Transcript for Wildfire now the 5th largest in California history
We are also watching those wildfires out west. Right now five are burning across California, the largest the Thomas fire charring nearly 230,000 acres, an area larger than New York City and Matt Gutman is there in the middle of it all in Santa Barbara county. Good morning to you, Matt. Reporter: Hey, good morning, Michael. You see those images you understand why firefighters say going up against this fire, the Thomas fire, is like battling a hurricane and just this weekend 2,000 additional firefighters brought out here and I want you to see from our second camera the massive array of fire trucks behind me. Hundreds of them here, hundreds more on the fire lines, 8500 firefighters in total from ten states. This morning, an out-of-control wildfire making history in southern California. We're facing a new reality in the state. Reporter: The Thomas fire is now the fifth largest to ever burn in the state. Now surging from Ventura to Santa Barbara county. It's really terrifying. Reporter: The wildfire charring another 50,000 acres on Sunday alone. Leaping over painstakingly cut fire lines. Watch this time-lapsed video showing a plume of smoke rising like a mushroom cloud over Ventura county and Santa Barbara in just 30 minutes breaking out exactly a week ago engulfs tens of thousands of acres this a matter of hours. Look at how big that did and how dangerous it is. Reporter: Over the past 24 hours the fire consuming an area about the size of Washington, D.C. We've been watching this fire move along this ridge all day long. Now, the good news for firefighters is that the wind here has subsided but there is so much dry brush out there that fire keeps moving relentlessly. Over 700 structures destroyed. Some residents returning home this morning to homes reduced to a ash. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Reporter: Tens of thousands of residents still evacuated. Authorizes evacuating 5,000 more people overnight. The fire burned down the entire backyard. So I'm ready to go. Reporter: Among them is actor Rob Lowe who lives in Santa Barbra streisa Barbara. Praying for the people in my area hope everybody is getting out safe like we are. Reporter: Oprah Winfrey taking to Twitter with a heartfelt message writing peace be still is my prayer tonight for all the fires raining through my community and beyond. Containment had reached 15% but by Sunday the flames jumping the fire lines causing containment to drop to 10%. Now, one reason this fire has been so stubborn and relentless is because these areas have not burned in nearly 100 years. Now there have been hundreds of millions of dollars in damage. Power is out for 85,000 people in Santa Barbara county and more fallout. Many schools are closed until the new year. Guys. Boy, it is going in so many different directions.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
FIFA has announced it'll film every World Cup game in 4K HDR, with 37 cameras in each stadium and hopefully Dolby Atmos for the audio.
Sadly, neither the BBC nor ITV have announced plans to show live games from Russia in Ultra HD. But if you've just bought a fancy new 4K TV, fear not – the BBC tested 4K iPlayer streaming during the FA Cup Final, so we reckon there's a good chance of an announcement about 4K streaming nearer the tournament. We'll bring you news as soon as we hear anything.
Of course, there's always good old HD, with all games in the group stages split between the BBC and ITV, with the latter having the honour of screening the opening game: Russia v Saudi Arabia. Probably one for the purists, that (or “a fascinating tactical battle” if you're feeling generous).
England's matches against Tunisia and Panama will be on the Beeb, while, knowing England, the almost-certainly-crucial third group game against star-studded Belgium will be on ITV.
The knockout games will be divvied up equally well, with ITV getting first pick of the round of 16 and semi-final stages. The final on 24 June will be shown on both sides, while ITV has the honour of showing the third/fourth place play-off aka the most pointless game in the tournament.
If you can't get custody of the TV, all games will also be streamed live on the channels' respective websites and catch-up services, with the Beeb adding additional commentary options and camera angles.
(CBS Local) — Many parents will tell you their children seem to ask a million questions a day. A new study has actually put a number on how curious kids can be; estimating that youngsters ask 73 questions each day. Maybe more unnerving for parents, researchers found that adults struggled to answer nearly half of the questions put to them.
“As children grow up it's natural to be curious about the world around them,” said Dr. Sam Wass in a press release. “As parents it's easy to forget just how much of our children's knowledge comes from what we tell them.” The team added that a child's curiosity peaks at age four and leaves nearly 40 percent of UK parents feeling “hopeless” as they search for the answers.
Researchers polled 1,500 parents to find out what are some of the most difficult topics children want to know about and how adults deal with them. Dr. Wass and their team found that parents are turning to Google more often to deliver the perfect response to tough questions.
Wass added other solutions for parents searching for the right way to discuss uncomfortable topics. “Using educational and visual aids such as toys can help to soften the difficulty of broaching trickier subjects. Expressing complex thoughts and ideas through familiar items can often help children's understanding.”
Curious children ask 73 questions each day – many of which #parents can't answer, says study. https://t.co/42WJz2Eoez pic.twitter.com/GiwSJX82tE — Raising Kids (@KettlebellKids) December 4, 2017
The study found that these questions were the most difficult for British parents to talk about with their kids:
In episode 303, Douglas Brown interviews Jason E. Smith, VP of Products for Liquidware, to speak about the state of DaaS and we discuss many of these questions. Liquidware is also announcing new features in their User Environment Management Solution, ProfileUnity, that can get your users data and user profiles to Object-based storage automatically! Listen to the full podcast now.
Desktops as a Service continue to be the buzz of the industry but what market segments are getting traction? Are there specific user types that are easier to go to DaaS first? How do you get ready to transform some or all of your desktops to a DaaS solution from players and platforms like Amazon WorkSpaces, Citrix, Google, Itopia, Microsoft Azure, and VMware.
Learn more about Liquidware's on-prem to DaaS solution here: http://www.liquidware.com/company/media/liquidware-unchains-enterprises-prem-daas
About Liquidware
Liquidware™ provides industry leading, platform-agnostic desktop solutions for hybrid Windows desktop environments including Citrix® XenApp/XenDesktop, VMware® Horizon View, Amazon® WorkSpaces and physical Microsoft® Windows PCs. The company's Stratusphere UX solution delivers visibility into desktop environments to support assessment, design, monitoring and diagnostics (Health Checks). ProfileUnity provides just in time delivery of User Profiles, application and user rights management and context-aware policies. FlexApp delivers advanced Application Layering. The solutions are available in an extremely cost-effectively priced bundle called Liquidware Essentials. Liquidware products are Citrix Ready, VMware-certified, and are available through a global network of partners. Visit www.liquidware.com for further information.
About Douglas A. Brown
Douglas Brown is the Founder and President of DABCC, Inc. Doug has more than 20 years of experience in virtualization, cloud, and server-based computing technologies and markets. DABCC is the first and most visited website dedicated to all elements of virtualization and features news and resources.
Before DABCC, Doug worked at Citrix Systems, Inc. as a Senior Systems Engineer from 2001 to 2004 where they developed the leading Citrix deployment system, “Methodology in a Box”, which has more than a million users. Additionally, their peers and management at Citrix named Doug Systems Engineer of the Year in 2002. From 2005 to 2016, Doug was awarded the Microsoft Most Valuable Professional (MVP) by Microsoft Corporation for their contributions to the industry. They have also been acknowledged with the Citrix Technology Professional (CTP) and VMware vEXPERT awards for their continued support in the IT community. Doug speaks at leading industry events and has been a prolific author over the past 20 years.
Mr. Brown was awarded a US Patent relating to “social content management”, US#8903912.
Mr. Brown is also the host of the #1 rated virtualization and cloud podcast show, DABCC Radio.
Follow Douglas on Twitter at http://twitter.com/douglasabrown
Connect on LinkedIn here, https://www.linkedin.com/in/dabcc
Download the above podcast to your Apple device or any tablet/phone using the DABCC Radio RSS feed!
84 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Reddit
The top of Roess Dining Hall hosts a beehive which holds a colony of 30,000 to 40,000 bees in front of the entrance located near the Varsity Gym. This beehive was donated to the school by the Board of Trustees as a farewell gift to Alice Roess, the namesake of the dining hall.
Roess is a lover of flowers, according to Troy Tuttle, the creative director in university communications. According to Bees A Honey of an Idea, a website that provides many facts about the significance of bees, bees play a very important role in pollination, which is needed to help with the reproduction of flowers. For this reason, the beehive was donated to the school under their name when their time of being president of the Board of Trustees came to an end.
Besides Roess Dining Hall's connection with Roess, the dining hall is at the center of the campus, which gives the bees the ability to help pollinate the crops and flowers in the Appalachian Roots Garden and the garden located near the Living Learning Center.
This year, the beehive is being taken care of by James Wilkes, professor of computer science, is the CEO of Hive Tracks, a company that makes software for beekeepers. They also own and operators Faith Mountain Farm in Ashe County with their family. In a year, the beehive will be taken over by the beekeeping club.
Hallie Graves, a senior sustainable development major, is co-president and co-founder of the beekeeping club.
“In one way we are supporting the bees by having them,” Graves said. “It is also a learning experience for students because they see the school hosting bees and start to learn that bees are not harmful.”
Due to the beehive being on top of Roess Dining Hall, they are a safe distance. Graves explained that bees do not want to sting people but sometimes do by accident, like when they are startled.
Besides the beehive over the dining hall, there were six beehives on campus. The beekeeping club is making plans to replace them in order to continue to teach students about the significance of bees.
Story by Anna Dollar, News Reporter
Photos by: Marie Freeman
Featured Photo Caption: James Wilkes attending to the beehive located on top of Roess Dining Hall.
REGINA — Saskatchewan bishops and the Catholic school division have apologized and sent out a new letter to parents about the human papillomavirus vaccine.
Late last month, a letter had been sent out to Catholic school boards and parents, cautioning them about the moral implications of the vaccine.
But it turns out that was a decade-old letter that was sent out in error.
Brett Salkeld with the Archdiocese of Regina says “it was adequate at the time and it was true at the time,” but there is now more information about the vaccine.
The new letter says it is up to parents to make responsible decisions about their children “according to their own conscience,” while being informed by both “scientific findings and their faith.”
The letter also says the decisions are a matter of public health.
Salkeld says the bishops talked with cancer researchers and health-care professionals to ensure they were sending out updated and accurate information.
“All of us are going to have our radars up before these kinds of public communications go out again,” they say.
(CJME)
Nigeria needs more investments to improve telecoms services, says Venn
David Venn is the Chief Executive Officer, Spectranet Nigeria, a provider of 4G/LTE technology and broadband service provider in the country, and has been in the telecommunications industry for about 35 years. They have lived and worked in many other countries in the Middle East, Asia and Africa as well as America. They spoke with ADEYEMI ADEPETUN, on germane industry issues.
To what extent has Spectranet repositioned Nigeria's telecommunications sector?
Spectranet is a product company. We provide good quality broadband service. We are not a mobile phone company, we don't offer phone and voice services, we offer data and Internet services, and basic broadband.
Our services are targeted at the home and offices. We are not talking about the big corporations; we are talking about people's homes; those who want broadband services for their families, and also the small and medium sized enterprises. We give good quality broadband service. We do that in Abuja, Lagos, Ibadan and Port Harcourt.
Our main market is Nigerian families that want to have broadband in their homes, with WiFi for the whole family to use. And not just to use it for browsing, they use it for entertainment, for Television, YouTube, for Netflix; but also for email, for gaming, for Skype and every other thing the family will use it for. So, what we provide is Modem, put it in your house, scan it to 4G and it picks up our signal. That is the main thing we offer.
We have a lot of MiFi devices as pocket modems, you can take them with you, so you have data with you everywhere you go. It comes with a 12-hour battery.
The current data revolution is changing a lot of things. A lot of people now watch video, entertainment via Internet streaming, much more than they used to. Two years ago, if someone sent you a Facebook message with a video with it, you delete it straightaway, because you don't want it to consume your data bundle. But now it starts playing automatically, and people watch it. People now watch more videos, and YouTube. You get a lot more content. And that's a major change in the past two years in Nigeria.
How will you describe the Nigerian ICT market?
Spectranet initial investment was in 2009 with the licensing, and the 4G-LTE wasn't available then, so the company launched with an earlier technology. As soon as LTE was available, we got it swapped with 4G-LTE Technology. So 4G-LTE has only been around here with Spectranet for about three to four years. So that is what we have here, we don't have the old technology.
And that is when the growth really started, because 4G drive much faster and better experience for the customer. And it is more affordable too; the technology is more efficient in the way it uses the spectrum to get more data.
The investments in that period, we cannot talk about numbers but it is in hundreds of millions of dollars that have been invested. All this equipment, and the modems as well, mostly the network equipment all come from overseas, because there is only a certain number of suppliers around the world that make this equipment. They are extremely sophisticated equipment; none of them is made in Nigeria, it's all imported. All of that is in dollars and there's been a huge investment in all that. We have spent a bit more in the past couple of years in rolling out, in marketing and in trying to get our name out there, but most of the investment is going to equipment and network infrastructure.
We have a lot of base stations out there. People are quite often surprised by how many towers it takes to service a city. In Lagos alone, we have 400 towers. We have over 600 towers across the four cities. Lagos is more spread out. And you provide towers not just for coverage, but for capacity. So most of the investments we spent in the past year have really been to enhance the capacity of the network, because the coverage was already there. But as the tower starts to get busy, we need to put more towers to take up the capacity, so that you can support the customers. Because you can just get so many customers on the tower before it starts getting congested. We install new base stations all the time.
As a 4G/LTE service provider, how will you describe this technology in the telecoms sector?
Let me start from 3G. It was designed as a voice network with good data. You make most of your money out of voice calls. They don't make much money out of data. It is not because data is not used very much, but because per megabit of voice phone call, they make about 100 times more revenue from voice calls than they will make for data. This is because data is quite cheap based on network capacity.
This is one of the reasons why the mobile operators don't really want data everywhere. Because if there's data everywhere, most people will start using WhatsApp and Skype, they will stop using the voice networks, they will stop paying for voice calls. I see in Nigeria that in the next couple of years, maybe two or three years, no one is going to pay for calls, they'll just be buying data bundles, that is what is happening in Europe now. In the United Kingdom (UK), I have five SIM cards on one network, and they are all one account with 10 Gigabyte plan. I pay a certain amount for that and they are all shared. All the phone calls and SMS are free, unlimited.
A 3G network takes data and voice and handles both. But you have to configure it as to how much capacity you have for voice and how much capacity you have for data. So you can be full on data, but still have space for voice. That is how 3G works. So, if you are making 100 times more revenue from voice calls, you are going to make sure that it doesn't get congested. But if you make just one per cent on data, it doesn't matter if it gets congested.
With 4G, it's different. 4G is all about data. And actually using Voice Over 4G is a new thing. You see that some of our competitors have launched Voice-Over-LTE that is actually special because LTE wasn't designed for voice, it was designed for data. It is designed so that you can use any voice app you want on your data to do your voice call.
Some of the older technologies that happened between 3G and 4G, things like Wimax, they are all prejudiced to be called 4G. Because it is more than 3G, they are 4G. But it is not actually really 4G, because the speed is not fast enough. So, that is why in Nigeria, the new operators that won the latest technology call 4G-LTE. It is actually a standard for what is proper 4G. And the idea is that there is a specification that says, this is what 4G-LTE should deliver, not today, but the plan is that it evolves over the next 10 years. So, the specification says you should be able to get 100 Megabyte per second speed when you are mobile when you are moving; and you should be able to get 1 GB per second when you are static. This is the standard, but no one does it here. That is the plan. And when we upgrade and upgrade, that is where we should reach. So, you can imagine, there is nothing like 3G.
My experience of 3G in Nigeria is awful. Some places, when you speed-test you get a good speed, and you move down the road, there is nothing. This is because its 3G, you get signal here, and you get signal there. But with 4G, there should be data everywhere, and it is continuous data. The 4G spec that says that you should be getting 100Mb speed when you are mobile, also says that if you are doing a 150 mile per hour on a high speed train; you should on 4G get 150 Mb per sec on your data. That is the standard that is what they are aiming for. But currently, what you get with the 4G is probably from a few MB to about 40-50 MB.
Has competition impacted the sector positively?
There are almost 100 million Internet users in Nigeria. About 95 percent are using 3G. But there are a few of the operators that operate 4G, and we know that with time everyone will have 4G in Nigeria, though it is going to take time. We only operate 4G network, and we only provide data at Spectranet. We don't do voice, we don't do 2G or 3G.
When you are introducing a new technology like 4G, if you are a mobile operator you tend to be careful. You don't want to be disruptive because then you will damage your existing revenue stream. If you don't have an existing revenue stream, you don't care about that. That is why I am happy to say phone calls should be free, because I haven't got any phone revenue.
When it comes to competition, we have a few 4G operators around and we have a small part of the market between us. There are a few cable operators cabling up communities and very small percentage of people got broadband and fibre, and that will be the case for a very long time in Nigeria. So, the majority of the people on Internet are on 3G. One of our biggest challenges is to get people to try out 4G. For a lot of people, their only experience of the internet is 3G. That is what they are used to. They are not used to watching Netflix on big TV screen on High Definition (HD). The quality of satellite TV is not as good as the HD. It changes your experience totally.
How do you see the current data rate in the country?
The actual cost of data at the moment is too low. The problem is that the GSM operators have been competing on price for data, and they are taking the data way down below the cost of provision. And they are complaining that WhatsApp shouldn't be allowed because it is eating into their voice revenue. That is because they are charging too low for data. And the problem is that when the data charge is too low, no one is going to invest in rolling out more networks for data.
What we are talking about is affordability, maybe it is too high for the people to afford. That is different from how much does it cost me to deliver it in the first place.
Spectranet is probably the lowest cost operator in terms of delivering data to people in their homes and we try to reflect that in the pricing as well. The mobile operators have huge revenue stream from voice. So they can supply data cheap at a loss so they can win voice customers and make money out of voice revenue. So, what they are doing is that they are charging more for the voice calls to make up for data. NCC is going to regulate this. They have announced that they are going to regulate the price of data, so that people are not unfairly competing. You shouldn't be allowed to sell below cost that is anti-competitive. But Spectranet will not do an upwards review.
The difference between customers on 3G network and customers on Spectranet is that our customers use a lot of data. If you don't use much data, maybe do your email and occasional browsing, use your phone. Maybe you use a few hundred megabits or at most one GB a month. But our average customer uses 25 GB a month. And the modem can be shared with the whole family. The 3G is quite expensive for data, and it is not that fast. We are a Broadband company and our customers are much heavier users than your average internet user.
What is your view on government's plan to ensure 30 per cent broadband penetration by 2018?
I think we are moving in the right direction. Things slowed down a bit, but now we seem to have caught up a little bit. The biggest problem at the moment is that of roll out. To get that penetration up, you have to roll out broadband to new areas. At the moment just some of the main cities have broadband. But you have to roll out in all the cities, and you have to roll out to other areas as well before you can achieve that target.
The challenge is that very few network operators can get hold of the equipment. You can't import it because of lack of dollars and because of lack of funding. In the past, you can go to an equipment supplier and you buy a whole chunk of network equipment, they will deliver it and you will pay in two years' time or on your payment schedule. It doesn't work in Nigeria anymore. You can't pay over a period of five years financing scheme, the banks can't do it unless you have a Letter of Credit (LC). If I want to buy equipment in dollars, I have to open an LC and give it to the supplier. But the bank won't open an LC unless I give them a million dollars cash. So what's the use? So that makes it extremely difficult to import equipment. And if you can't import equipment, you can't roll out to new areas. So as I mentioned earlier, we managed to get Port Harcourt done this year. All the other base stations we have we are saving for capacity because as our business grows in existing cities, we need to put up more capacities so that it won't get congested.
How will you describe Spectrum auction and management in Nigeria?
The Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) chooses to do spectrum allocation by public open auction. This is because they seriously want to make sure that there is transparency. My comment is that it is well and good. But if you are going to allocate limited resources like spectrum through an auction, it is going to go to the people with the deepest pockets, and so the smaller players can't afford to play.
In many markets, the government is more interested in getting partners that will roll out, and so rather than pay upfront, they say they need $50 million for licence, so they give you licence for free or for a very small amount, and in return, as your business grows, you give a percentage of your revenue to government. So, you pay as you grow, rather than pay upfront. It happens all over the world. It could be three per cent or four per cent. And it is for the lifespan of the licence.
Government makes more money than they would have made if they sold the licence. The only challenge in Nigeria is transparency.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian NigeriaThe Guardian Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Close to seven years ago, Veeam and Quantum came together to offer Veeam Backup & Replication as a tested and validated software for interoperability with Quantum DXi Series network attached storage (NAS) backup appliances. Enhanced support for any deduplication appliance, including Quantum DXi appliances, was included with Veeam Availability Suite v9. And with Quantum's recent announcement, our partnership continues to expand and evolve.
DXi deduplication appliances now integrated with Veeam
Quantum recently announced integration with Veeam Data Mover Service, which will enable customers using DXi deduplication appliances the ability to take advantage of some of Veeam's more advanced features such as Instant VM Recovery and synthetic full backups. In addition, DXi appliances will be added to the Veeam Backup & Replication v10 (coming late 2017) user interface, strengthening the solutions we jointly deliver to customers.
Veeam Data Mover Service deploys and coordinates executable modules that act as data movers and perform main job activities on behalf of Veeam Backup & Replication, such as communicating with the VMware Tools, copying VM files, performing data deduplication and compression.
Read the entire article here, DXi deduplication appliances now integrated with Veeam
via the fine folks at Veeam Software
০ = 0, ১ = 1, ২ = 2, ৩ = 3, ৪ = 4, ৫ = 5, ৬ = 6, ৭ = 7, ৮ = 8, ৯ = 9
্ = See example (Hasant/Viram) ় = * (Nukta) ʼ = ' (Urdhacomma) ঽ = & (Avagrah) ৺ = ~ (Isshar) ৹ = a~ (Bengali ana sign) ৲ = Rs~ (Bengali Rupee sign) ৳ = T~ (Taka sign) । = | (Devanagari danda) ॥ = || (Devanagari double danda) ₹ = Rs (Indian Rupee sign) 卐 = +~ (Swastika sign) Zero Width Joiner = ^ Zero Width Non Joiner = ^^
These symbols will type Bengali characters first but if "~" will be followed, it will remove previously typed Bengali character and then type the symbol.
Symbols & ~ * : ^ | ' have special meaning. You can type this way & = &~ ~ = ~~ * = *~ : = :~ ^ = ^~ | = |~ ' = '~
The English symbols [ ] { } ( ) < > - + / = ; . , " ? ! % \ _ $ @ # translate into the same symbols.
Example নমস্কার can be written by typing "namaskaar"
As per Rule # 3, ligature will be rendered. ZWJ and ZWNJ characters are used to produce alternate rendering of ligature.
A consonant followed by ZWJ character will produce half-formed consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‍ন = prash^n
A consonant followed by ZWNJ character will produce dead consonant character.
Example
প্রশ্ন = prashn
প্রশ্‌ন = prash^^n
If two english characters are making one Bengali Vowel (i.e. ai, au), then
ZWJ character is used to separate them into two different vowels. It will not
add ZWJ character but only considered as the separator between two
vowels.
An author from Brent Eleigh has spoken of their delight at winning a coveted children's book award.
David Long's ‘Survivors' was chosen as the Best Book with Facts by hundreds of children from across the country after being shortlisted by literary experts.
Survivors by David Long
“I was delighted because I watched the programme in the 70s with my brother and sister and more recently with my now teenage children.
“Blue Peter has always been a big part of children's television.
“I found out about three weeks ago but I was sworn to secrecy until I was revealed on the show on World Book Day.
Despite winning what is one of the country's most prestigious children's book awards, Mr Long was particularly pleased to have their very own Blue Peter badge.
“I'm 55 and I've got a Blue Peter badge,” they said.
It was the first time they had won an award voted for by children.
Their latest book shares around 40 adventurous tales of people who have faced great danger but have come through and survived.
The book covers the last 100 years, crossing all continents and climates.
“It shows children they can achieve more than they think they can,” said Mr Long.
“Nearly everybody in the book loses heart but then finds their inner strength, resourcefulness and courage.”
The father-of-two started out as a journalist and has written a number of non-fiction books, originally for adults.
“I tend to write about things that interest me. A few years ago I did a book about a medal for animals. I was interested in the subject but the book didn't exist so I wrote it. I then wrote a children's version.”
This, their first children's book, was published three years ago and Mr Long said they expected their next two or three books to be for children, including their next release, a book on pirates that will be on sale from September.
“To win the prize is brilliant as I'm relatively new at this.”
Not more than fewer than 35 persons have been killed and several others still missing after suspected herdsmen attacked Tse Umenger in Mbadwem Council Ward of Guma LGA, Benue State.
According to Daily Post, the heavily armed men, numbering over 50, stormed the village on Tuesday around 7pm and set the entire village on fire. It was also gathered that no single house is standing in Mbadwen village at the time of this report.
The attack came same day suspected herdsmen attacked Gwer East, killing 19 persons, including two Catholic priests.
More details later.
Class 12 students will be appearing from CBSE Economics re-exam on Wednesday following the paper leak scandal back in March after which the board decided to conduct the re-test. Around 6-lakh students will be taking their Economics re-exam today. CBSE has exempted foreign students from appearing for the exam.
CBSE Board Class 12 students on Wednesday will appear from the re-test of their Economics paper after the board had announced that it will have to conduct a re-exam following the paper leak scandal in March. The Central Board of Secondary Education is keeping all the requirements on the check to ensure that today's re-test happens without any problem. A close to 6-lakh students will be taking Economics re-exam today, the board has exempted foreign students from appearing for the exam after the education board found that the leak did not impact their results. The exam will take place across 4,000 centres across India.
According to media reports, “About six lakh students will appear for the exam on Wednesday at 4,000 centres. The education board has taken extra security measures which cannot be revealed, said the officer who asked not to be named.” It has been a nightmare for the Class 12 students who earlier gave their Economics board exam when they later got to know that they have to appear for the re-exam after the board decided to conduct it following the paper leak scandal. The Class 12 Economics paper was held in March but reports surfaced that the paper got leaked, it was cancelled and the board decided to re-conduct it on April 25.
Also Read: Asaram rape case verdict tomorrow: Section 144 imposed in Jodhpur, self-styled godman asks followers to maintain peace
Apart from Class 12 Economics paper, Class 10 Maths paper was also leaked following which the CBSE functioning came into question. Parents, teachers and students across the nation had slammed the board for not taking adequate measure to ensure that the paper is not leaked. Earlier the board said that it would re-conduct both Class 12 Economics and Class 10 Maths exams but later it announced that it will only conduct re-exam of Class 12 Economics paper.
Also Read: Saddened by PM Modi's statement in London, AIIMS doctors say they have brought shame, humiliation to Indians
For all the latest Education and Jobs News, download NewsX App
By JENNA FRYER
AP Auto Racing Writer
CONCORD, N.C. (AP) – Dale Earnhardt Jr.'s final weekend as a full-time driver at Charlotte Motor Speedway got off to a rough start when they crashed moments into Friday's opening practice.
Earnhardt drove into the high line of the track and slipped in the grippy substance Charlotte officials had used on the surface. It caused them to hit the wall and their Hendrick Motorsports team had to pull out their backup car.
Earnhardt wasn't very happy about their misfortune and felt the substance – known as PJ1 – was too slick.
They had to make a quick visit to the care center before they were cleared to return to practice.
Earnhardt is retiring at the end of the season, in part because of multiple concussions he's received while racing.
2018 Cranial Fixation Systems Research Report On Global Market – Criticism of Technology
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Business - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
According to a defence outline compiled by Templeman, whose real name is Simbarashe Maphosa, the minor even threatened to commit suicide refusing to return to their father when police located them after going missing for three days.
Maphosa was subsequently hauled for kidnapping the girl and exposing them to drugs and alcohol but denied the allegations saying the minor, who resembles a fully-grown woman, had told them they were aged 23.
“The complainant and their friend have been Maphosa's friends on social media for the past two years.
“The minor called Maphosa and said they had seen their poster for a Beitbridge show and indicated that they wanted transport since they had a journey to Musina, South Africa,” read the defence outline.
“Maphosa offered the girl and their friend transport to Beitbridge but when they arrived, the minors refused to return home.
“The complainant was complaining that they being sexually abused by their father.
“The accused person pleaded with them and indicated that they were going to arrange for them to meet radio personality Tilda.”
However, the parties booked into Launder Lodge in Beitbridge in separate rooms and Maphosa claims they never witnessed the minors taking dagga or drinking beer because they were busy with shows.
“…after the show the accused person pleaded with the minor to return home and they arranged accommodation for them in Harare.
Before they could take the two to Tilda, Maphosa saw the complainant's father coming to them with three bouncers and a cop,” added the defence outline.
“He was assaulted and offered to assist the father locate their daughter in Harare.
“When the complainant noticed the police they began hitting themselves against the ground shouting that they would commit suicide than return home with their father.”
The minor was assured by police officers that they would not be taken to their father but to the police station and agreed before Maphosa was arrested for kidnapping two weeks later.
Prosecutor Ressie Nyamombe alleged that Maphosa held the 16-year-old girl in their custody for three days without their parents' knowledge and consent.
The court heard that between March 29 and 31 and in Beitbridge, Maphosa unlawfully detained the minor and deprived them freedom.
It was alleged that Maphosa had travelled with the minor to Beitbridge and clocked three days with them without any communication with their parents. DailyNews
MOSCOW — The Latest at the World Cup (all times local):
3:03 p.m.
Russian police have briefly detained several activists protesting political repressions outside a World Cup arena.
Police moved quickly to round up four teenagers outside the stadium where Sweden knocked out Switzerland on Tuesday. The four were released a few hours later.
Lika Petrovskaya, a 16-year-old who wore a bloodied white dress at the protest, said their goal was “to attract attention to the political repressions,” including the imprisonment of Ukrainian filmmaker Oleg Sentsov. Another five activists were also detained Tuesday while they were distributing leaflets calling for Sentsov's release.
Sentsov, a vocal opponent of Russia's annexation of Crimea, was sentenced in 2015 to 20 years for conspiracy to commit terror acts. They denied the charges and has been on a hunger strike since mid-May.
——
2:43 p.m.
After impressing at the World Cup, Iceland goalkeeper Hannes Halldorsson has been sold by Danish team FC Randers to Azerbaijan champion Qarabag.
Iceland exited the tournament at the group stage but Randers' sporting director Soeren Pedersen says the performance of the 34-year Icelander “hasn't gone unnoticed.” Halldorsson's tournament was highlighted by saving a penalty kick from Lionel Messi in a 1-1 draw with Argentina.
Pedersen said Wednesday that the club got “a concrete bid from Qarabag, which we have accepted.” Details of the deal were not released.
Halldorsson, who played 69 games for the team, said “it is time for me to try something else and embark on a new adventure.”
The Trumbull Diamond Club Christmas Tree Sale, benefiting the Trumbull High School baseball and softball programs, is being held Friday from 5 to 8 p.m. and Saturday from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. at the Trumbull High School Agri-Science School on Daniels Farm Road.
PHILADELPHIA — Joel Embiid is set to crash Philly's Super Bowl bash.
Embiid and a couple of Sixers teammates are headed to Minnesota to root for the Philadelphia Eagles in the Super Bowl.
“I've heard that's the biggest event in American sports,” said Embiid, a native of Cameroon.
Oh yes, Embiid heard correct.
Here's another piece of intel that may be harder to believe: Embiid's weekend pregame show starts with a double dip of NBA action.
Embiid opened the first set of back-to-back games in their career with 17 points and 11 rebounds to help lead the 76ers to a 103-97 win over the Miami Heat on Friday night.
All the dunks, blocks and 3-pointers at times seemed like background music at what turned into Philly's largest Super Bowl tailgate party. The Sixers cloaked the Wells Fargo Center in green — from the giveaway “Brotherly Love” T-shirts imprinted with the Sixers and Eagles logos to the balloons, signage, and even the table runners on press row.
The packed house erupted in unison to belt out the “Fly, Eagles, Fly” fight song that's as ubiquitous at Philly sporting events as “Rocky” movie clips. They broke out enough “E-A-G-L-E-S! Eagles!” chants to make the arena sound like the Linc right before kickoff.
The day kicked off at the same arena with Wing Bowl, Philly's own competitive eating competition. Molly Schuyler gnawed their way through a record 501 chicken wings in 30 minutes to win their third Wing Bowl.
And they say Philly doesn't crown champions.
The city could get another taste should the Eagles win their first Super Bowl.
“I want to feel that experience,” Embiid said. “I want to mix it up. Go in the suite. Then sit in the stands. I want to feel like a regular person to do that.”
The Heat nearly harshed Philly's mellow when they turned a 28-point hole into a four-point game on Wayne Ellington's 3-pointer with 25 seconds left.
But the biggest win for the Sixers may be this: Embiid is set to play games on consecutive nights for the first time since they were picked No. 3 overall in the 2014 draft.
“I feel like I've been ready,” Embiid said. “Now, I'm going to feel like an NBA player. Taking days off in the NBA is not that easy.”
Embiid, selected to their first All-Star team, missed their first two seasons with injuries and the Sixers have been leery of pushing their 7-foot-2 centre into major minutes over the last two seasons.
Embiid should be in the starting lineup Saturday at Indiana.
“We're in a rhythm now. It's tough when they come out and we've got to back into another rhythm,” Sixers rookie Ben Simmons said.
The Sixers are eighth in the Eastern Conference playoff standings and clearly need a healthy Embiid down the stretch to crack the post-season for the first time since 2012. Coach Brett Brown said Embiid will play in back-to-backs because he's been cleared to go — not to avoid the lousy optics in two weeks of playing in the Rising Stars Challenge, the Skills Challenge and the All-Star game all packed into 48 hours.
“Joel's availability has got nothing to do with desperation or crunch time. It's all about their health,” Brown said.
Fueled by the Super Bowl frenzy, Philadelphia hit 'em low (30 points in the paint), hit 'em high (three 3s) and watched that scoreboard fly all the way to a 51-41 lead at halftime.
Dario Saric made their first five buckets, growled like a dog (Eagles fans have worn dog masks in the playoffs) and had 17 points and 10 rebounds.
TIP-INS
Heat: The Heat outscored the 76ers 37-17 in the fourth quarter. Kelly Olynyk scored 19 points.
“We should have no regrets in this game. We laid it out there,” Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said.
76ers: Brown gave the Sixers permission to attend the Super Bowl. “We're in Indiana. It's not like it's a ridiculous journey,” Brown said. Brown said the Sixers will not have Monday off from practice. … Brown said as of yet no one from the Sixers has talked to anyone involved with All-Star weekend about limiting Embiid's minutes.
SIMMONS SNUB
Simmons, the star guard who felt snubbed from the All-Star game, scored 20 points.
“I mean, if I was an All-Star, I'd be on the All-Star team,” Simmons said. “It's a little frustrating but if you look back at how many rookies have made it, it's not one of those things that makes or breaks your career.”
FEELING SICK
Heat C Hassan Whiteside left the game in the fourth quarter with an undisclosed illness.
UP NEXT
The Heat play Saturday at Detroit and will host Orlando on Monday night.
The Sixers play at Indiana on Saturday.
——
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/NBAbasketball
WASHINGTON — The company formerly known as Yahoo is paying a $35 million fine to resolve federal regulators' charges that the online pioneer deceived investors by failing to disclose one of the biggest data breaches in internet history.
The Securities and Exchange Commission announced the action Tuesday against the company, which is now called Altaba after its most valuable parts were sold to Verizon Communications for $4.48 billion last year. The Sunnyvale, California-based company neither admitted nor denied the allegations but did agree to refrain from further violations of securities laws.
Personal data was stolen from hundreds of millions of Yahoo users in the December 2014 breach attributed to Russian hackers. The SEC alleged that, although Yahoo senior managers and attorneys were told about the breach, the company failed to fully investigate.
Say this about Marc Bergevin: By ripping the guts out of their Montreal Canadiens, he's showing plenty of them himself.
But does being bold — at least in the past year — necessarily equate to making the smartest moves?
We're about to find out.
Consider this.
In less than eight months, Bergevin has made two huge moves.
First, they traded away P.K. Subban, a former Norris Trophy winner who was embraced by the community for, among other things, pledging to donate $10 million to the Montreal Childrens Hospital.
Then on Tuesday they fired coach Michel Therrien, who is said to have supported the Subban deal in order to change the culture inside the Habs dressing room, and replaced them with former Boston Bruins coach Claude Julien who, like Therrien, will be behind the Montreal bench for a second stint.
These are the type of storylines you'd expect to find in the pages of a Hollywood script. Instead, they are being authored out of the Montreal office of a general manager who now has the spotlight squarely on their shoulders.
No longer can Subban's huge personality be blamed for the Habs' shortcomings. Nor can disgruntled fans point to Therrien's conservative ways as the reason for the team not reaching its potential.
This is now on Bergevin.
Sink or swim. No more excuses.
Admittedly, the savvy Bergevin could not have predicted that all-world goalie Carey Price would be mired in a slump, one that is reflected in a Canadiens swoon that has seen them lose six of their past seven games.
Nevertheless, when you pull the trigger on the type of franchise-altering decisions that significantly move the seismic needle of the NHL landscape such as these two have, the statement you are making is clear: The window to win is now.
As such, Bergevin becomes the man on the hottest seat in all of La Belle Province, even with their team still on top of the Atlantic Division with 70 points. And, apparently, they know it.
To that end, within a couple of hours of the Habs announcing the hiring of Julien, a number of NHL executives told Postmedia that they expect Bergevin to be quite active in the two weeks leading up to the March 1 trade deadline. Much of the speculation revolves around forwards Matt Duchene of the Colorado Avalanche and Martin Hanzal of the Arizona Coyotes, although the asking price for both is said to be quite steep.
How the final two months of the season play out — and what moves, if any, the Habs GM makes to augment their roster — could very well dictate what Bergevin's future holds with the Canadiens.
Of course, the players need to absorb part of the blame here, too.
During the summer of 2016, there were rumblings out of Montreal that the team's leadership core was growing tired of Subban's flamboyant ways and welcomed the leadership that Shea Weber was bringing from Nashville.
Then, on Tuesday, came speculation out of Habs Land that that same group of players perhaps had grown weary of Therrien's tactics and thirsted for change.
Are we to believe that Subban and Therrien were the sole reasons for the Canadiens underachieving? Of course not.
That leaves the question to be asked: Are the inmates running the asylum here?
And, to that end, at what point do the guys lacing up the blades become accountable?
Whether you agree with Bergevin's moves or not, they haven't been shy in making waves. If they don't work, Bergevin might be the one waving goodbye.
Having said that, the fact that the Bruins dismissed Julien just eight days earlier likely accelerated Therrien's departure. The chance to scoop up a Stanley Cup-winning coach like Julien, who is familiar with the rigours of coaching the Canadiens, probably was too delicious an opportunity to ignore.
“Claude Julien is an experienced and well respected coach with a good knowledge of the Montreal market,” Bergevin said in a released statement. “Claude has been very successful as an NHL coach and they won the Stanley Cup. Today we hired the best available coach, and one of the league's best. I am convinced that they have the capabilities to get our team back on the winning track.”
Perhaps the most headscratching aspect of this coaching move involves the Bruins.
When Boston defeated the Canadiens 4-0 on Sunday, it marked Therrien's final game behind the Canadiens bench. In the wake of the loss, the Habs asked permission from the Bruins to talk to Julien.
Why would the Bruins even consider doing that?
Why, oh why, would you grant your most bitter historical rivals — the Canadiens — the opportunity to scoop up one of the most respected bench bosses in the game, a proud man who will want to crush you for firing them just one week earlier?
Sure, Bruins president Cam Neely hasn't seen eye to eye with Julien in the past dating back to 2010 when then-GM Peter Chiarelli refused the suggestion of upper management to fire the coach. Even so, allowing Julien, a man who certainly has an axe to grind with the Boston hierarchy, to go to your biggest enemy is a questionable decision.
Back in 2003, the Habs fired Therrien and replaced them with Julien. On Tuesday, history repeated itself.
“I came to the conclusion that our team needed a new energy, a new voice, a new direction,” Bergevin said.
If Bergevin's decisions don't work out, ownership one day might be seeking a “new direction” — one that doesn't include him.
TEAMS TREADING WATER IN ATLANTIC DIVISION
Just how much is the NHL's Atlantic Division in turmoil?
When the Maple Leafs are considered one of the more stable outfits in the division, you know chaos reigns supreme.
Here's a quick breakdown:
* With the Montreal Canadiens having axed Michel Therrien Tuesday and replaced them with Claude Julien, half the teams in the Atlantic have fired coaches in the past 10 months, including the Habs (Therrien), Boston Bruins (Julien), Florida Panthers (Gerard Gallant) and Ottawa Senators (Dave Cameron). Tampa Bay is the only Atlantic Division team among the eight not to have made a coaching change in the past two years.
* The struggling Detroit Red Wings are in danger of having their remarkable run of 25 consecutive playoff appearances come to an end, not to mention having their beloved owner, Mike Ilitch, pass away last week.
* Among the pre-season favourites to win the Stanley Cup, the Lightning lost Steven Stamkos early in the season with a knee injury and started play Tuesday four points out of a wildcard spot.
* There are rumblings among disgruntled Sabres fans that Buffalo's rebuild is going slower than expected.
Other than that ...
mzeisberger@postmedia.com
twitter.com/zeisberger
Meet the 77-year-old man from Akwa Ibom state that showed how super strong they are at an event organized in the state.
The man is so strong that 10 men couldn't bring down their hands at the event.
They also pulled a car with their teeth among other shocking things they did to display their strength. See more photo below;
An epic clash looms for Northland MMA fighter Renata Poa, who is preparing for a showdown with world No. 1, Gabi Garcia of Brazil.
At 30 years of age and weighing in at 124 kilos, Poa is currently ranked as the world No. 3 in the MMA women's' heavyweight division.
They say their preparations are especially difficult due to the current lack of heavyweight opponents here in New Zealand, "There's an opportunity to fight No. 1- their name is Gabi Garcia, they are from Brazil. We'll be fighting in Japan in April hopefully. Nothing has been signed in contract yet but that's what the korero is at the moment."
With only two amateur fights under their belt, Renata travelled all the way to Poland in September for their first professional fight despite having a badly injured foot and a broken toe, "There was a few of us, some from Brazil, Portugal, England, Venezuela so it was such an awesome opportunity," says Poa, "It was my first professional fight. I fought a lady from Brazil and ended up winning the whole fight unanimously which basically means you win all three rounds and I ended up winning and [being] ranked third in the world."
Currently studying for a degree in sports psychology, Poa was the recent recipient of the MMA Fighter of the Year award at the Northland Sports Awards. They believe they have the right mindset, coaching and support around them to reach the top in 2018.
"I definitely want to take on Gabi Garcia, not for the fame or the glory or the money that comes behind it, more for myself- to see how far I can go," says Poa, "But I'd like to open up more doors for heavyweight female fighters in New Zealand because there's a lot of us Māori Polynesian females but what are we doing? Give them a bit of confidence to show them 'yep we can do this'."
Right now Poa says it's time to put in the hard yards at training and to persevere in order to achieve their lofty goal.
The first Council Tax rise by Forest Heath for seven years was approved yesterday by the council's Cabinet.
The budget plan, which must be approved by the full council next Wednesday, is for a 3.6 per cent rise of £4.95 a year to bring in £87,000.
It would make Forest Heath's share of the tax bill for a Band D home £142.38.
The plan also calls for investments to bring in future cash to make up for the Government's Revenue Support Grant, which was £2.5 million in 2013, ending by 2020.
Forest Heath and St Edmundsbury say they will face a shortfall of £3.3 million by 2020 if they do not invest.
CLEVELAND — The leader of a breakaway Amish group in Ohio convicted in hair- and beard-cutting attacks is pushing to get their convictions overturned using arguments already rejected in court.
An attorney for 72-year-old Samuel Mullet Sr. says Mullet's previous lawyer made mistakes during trial and in prior appeals.
In a Monday court filing, prosecutors say there were no errors that amounted to Mullet's rights to due process being violated, and a judge should reject their request.
Defence attorneys say the 2011 hair- and beard-cutting attacks stemmed from family disputes. Prosecutors say the motive was religious, as hair and beards have spiritual significance in the Amish faith.
Mullet is serving an 11-year sentence. Of the 16 Amish community members convicted in the case, only Mullet remains imprisoned.
BARCELONA, Spain — The ballot boxes arrived from France under the cover of night, were stored in homes and improvised hiding places, and then secretly shuttled to polling stations right under the nose of police.
Grassroots activists who staged a disputed referendum of independence in Catalonia described to The Associated Press how they managed to hold the Oct. 1 vote despite a police crackdown that left hundreds injured.
“It was cat and mouse,” said one activist who was in charge of organizing the vote in a village of about 2,000 residents south of Barcelona.
“In order to not jeopardize the operation, you were told that on such a day at such an hour a ballot box would arrive, and then a few days later, the ballots. The vans would arrive at night,” they said.
Three activists and a source close to the regional Catalan government spoke about the plan on condition of anonymity, fearing prosecution by Spanish authorities, who had declared the vote illegal.
By using code words and clandestine meetings with information strictly limited to a need-to-know basis, hundreds of separatists defied the law — and the odds — by keeping what they claim were 10,000 ballot boxes hidden in tiny stashes around the region and out of the hands of authorities for weeks.
A source close to the regional government who had been briefed about the operation said the ballot boxes, which look like large Tupperware containers with the Catalan government seal, had been ordered online from a Chinese company. They were shipped to a location in southern France, near the Pyrenees and right across the border from Catalonia where this is a sizeable Catalan community.
From there, the ballot boxes were smuggled across the Spanish border in small loads, an activist with knowledge of overall planning said. They were then distributed from one trusted separatist to another, without any single person knowing who else was involved beyond their direct contacts to avoid the police from taking down the operation in one fell swoop.
“Everything was done on a very small scale,” said the activist. “You would receive a message from somebody who had to distribute 100 ballot boxes to people you trusted. There was no macro-planning on a general level.”
The same activist said that any talk of the operation via mobile phone was done in coded language, such as “tomorrow you will receive 10 cakes for your mother” or “you have to hand out five cakes to your mother and five to your father.”
Another activist who hid ballot boxes in their home and organized the vote in a village in the Osona county north of Barcelona said that they used the terms “shoe boxes” or “presents” to stand in for ballot boxes.
Regardless of the intricate plan, the chances of holding the vote looked very slim on the eve of the referendum, even when officials of the Catalan regional government finally unveiled one of the ballot boxes to journalists.
In the previous two weeks, police had confiscated millions of ballots in raids, taken out the computing systems for the vote, and arrested around a dozen Catalan government officials suspected to have been involved in the planning for the referendum. That led Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy to declare that the infrastructure for the referendum was dismantled. Just to make sure, the Interior Ministry sent thousands of extra police officers to the region.
But Catalonia's leaders urged people to go to the polls on Sunday anyway, assuring would-be voters the ballot boxes would be there.
An AP reporter witnessed the arrival of a ballot box to a polling station early Sunday when rain was drizzling on a crowd outside the Jaume Fuster high school in Barcelona. A small red hatchback pulled up and a man and woman popped the trunk, grabbed a plastic bag with the ballot boxes inside, and hustled them through the hushed crowd and into the school.
A couple of hours later those same ballot boxes would be grabbed by officers of the National Police, after agents in riot gear had shoved through the crowd and shattered the school's front door with a mace.
Once videos of the police raids at that school and several others across the region went viral, organizers started to make backup plans.
“I stationed some girls down the road so they could warn us (if police came) and give us a five-minute head start. We were planning to hide the ballot boxes down by the river,” the man who organized the vote in the village south of Barcelona said.
Their counterpart in Osona said that they decided to stop voting early just to make sure the police didn't get there in time. They then did the recount in a home in an isolated area.
A call and email to Spain's Interior Ministry asking about the activists' plot were not immediately answered.
Catalan officials said police had closed or raided 400 of the more than 2,000 polling stations before or during the vote. Nonetheless, they said 2.2 million votes were cast, with 90 per cent in favour of independence.
The result was not surprising given that many Catalans opposed to independence were not expected to turn out. The last regional election and polls show that the 7.5 million residents of Catalonia are almost evenly divided on the issue.
Many of the people involved in the organization of the vote were activists aligned with the Assemblea Nacional Catalana, the main grassroots secessionist group that counts 40,000 members and another 40,000 sympathizers. Analysts say the ANC has been the driving force behind the independence movement.
ANC president Jordi Sanchez, whose Twitter account boasts a photo of one of the ballot boxes, and the leader of another separatist group Jordi Cuixart, are being investigated for alleged sedition in connection protests ahead of the referendum. Both were released after questioning by a Madrid judge on Monday but are to be questioned again in coming days.
Catalan regional president Carles Puigdemont has vowed to declare independence based on the result. That could happen as early as Monday.
——
AP writer Aritz Parra contributed to this report.
We have a crew on the way to the scene. (Source: Raycom News Network)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - One person is dead following a motorcycle crash on South Hurstbourne Parkway in southeast Louisville.
It happened around 11:30 p.m. Friday in front of Meijer, just north of the intersection of Watterson Trail.
DOWNLOAD OUR APPS
+ News app: Apple | Android
+ Weather app: Apple | Android
One person was pronounced dead at the scene, according to MetroSafe.
Emergency crews are working to figure out what happened or if any other vehicles were involved.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All Rights Reserved.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Artistes dazzle at church's first anniversary
Diverse up and coming artistes dazzled guests with gospel music at the first anniversary celebration of The Breath of Life youth church, located at Obanikoro Estate, Somolu, Lagos.
Among those who performed at the event was gospel singer, Orjiifeanyi Henry, aka, Herrisoul, who was a back-up for Pastor Gabriel Eziashi at the last Experience. Others are Incredibles Dance Group; Boluwatife Tanimomo aka Mc Tife and Anibobo, a comedian. The church choir also thrilled guests.
Welcoming guests to the event, Youth Pastor, Temitope Odebiyi, said that the church aims to raise leaders, by bringing young people together under an atmosphere where they can be challenged and inspired to reach their ultimate potential in life.
“The church builds youths and helps them to think outside the box to become entrepreneurs,” they said.
“We equip them with relevant skills that will enable them contribute meaningfully to the society. We raise Godly youths who can make a difference in the world. We bring them together in the right atmosphere to see that their strength is harnessed to do something profitable for themselves and the society at large.”
Pastor, Breath of Life Ministry, Pastor Samson Jedafe, added that the youth church was set up to make the reality of Christ to burn I the heart of the youths.
They also urged youths to focus on Jesus and avoid the distraction from social media and songs that do not preach the gospel of Jesus Christ.
The post Artistes dazzle at church's first anniversary appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Former Chelsea owner Ken Bates has been criticised after saying there is "the sniff of money in the air" relating to racism allegations made against the club during their time in charge.
A total of seven former Chelsea youth players have raised legal complaints against the club for what has been described as a "racist bullying and abuse" culture allegedly led by former coaches Graham Rix and Gwyn Williams, both of whom deny the accusations.
The incidents are said to have taken place during the 1980s and 1990s when Bates was Chelsea chairperson.
Bates has spoken publicly about the claims against Chelsea for the first time and suggested the alleged victims – who have remained anonymous – could have done more at the time.
Speaking on the Proper Sport Daily podcast, Bates said: "I thought: 'How are we going to make any progress?' These people have to reveal their identities and, without being unkind, what did they do it about at the time?
"If I'd been racially abused I would have told my dad and expected them to support me. Or I could have left the club and joined another one.
"It's all very well to say: 'Oh, well, I didn't want to say anything or do anything because it might have harmed my career,' but if you've got the ability there were plenty of other clubs snapping up young black kids.
"The sniff of money is in the air and I think in view of all the terrible miscarriages of justice over allegations of varied abuse – sexual, racial, et cetera – it's time people should take a tough line.
"What bothers me about it – and obviously I'm keeping an open mind about it – I'm a bit curious where all these ancient 'coming outs' all these years later [have come from].
"Okay, name the people. Name the times. What was actually said? What was your response? This is trial by smear and it's not good enough."
Bates' comments have seen them attract significant criticism and Dino Nocivelli, a solicitor representing some of the complainants, was scathing of the 86-year-old's overview of the situation.
Nocivelli said in a statement released to Omnisport: "Bates' comments are truly shameful and sadly reinforce my clients' views that nobody at Chelsea Football Club was going to listen to them and that they simply had to suffer the abuse or leave the club.
"For far too long, they have felt they would not be believed and that the club would side with Rix and Williams, being two coaches that held extensive power at Chelsea and over their football careers.
"My clients take particular offence to Bates' comments criticising them for failing to disclose their identities and for these 'ancient coming outs'. The only things that my clients wanted to do as children was to play football and to achieve their dream of becoming professional footballers.
"Instead, they suffered an alleged daily nightmare of abuse at Chelsea Football Club in the 1990s. These children are now men and although it may feel 'ancient' to Bates, the pain and suffering that these men feel is real and continues to the current day.
"My clients want the truth to finally be exposed. Justice is long overdue."
Earlier this month, Chelsea vowed to do all they can to investigate the allegations, saying via a spokesperson: "We take allegations of this nature extremely seriously and they will be fully investigated.
"We are absolutely determined to do the right thing to assist the authorities and any investigations they may carry out and to fully support those affected, which would include counselling for any former player that may need it."
The presenter said the "demands of getting up for a daytime show" were among the factors that pushed them to leave
TV presenter Matthew Wright has revealed why he's stepping down from hosting The Wright Stuff.
Advertisement
Speaking on the Channel 5 current affairs show yesterday, the presenter revealed their decision to leave the show after 18 years was due to the “demands” of working on a daytime TV show.
“There is not a lot to say really, other than the fact – you know better than most – the demands of getting up for a daytime show,” they explained to panellist Anne Diamond. “I'm not going to equate it with digging roads, which is hard as well, but the old brain! I'm up at three o'clock in the morning these days. I go to bed at half seven. I've had 18 and a half years of it.
“Mrs Wright, we pass like ships in the night. And you are looking around thinking at some point you have got to have a change.”
Wright also revealed their last show would be on “late June, the beginning of July” and that they had “no idea what I'm going to do next”.
“I am available for weddings, birthdays and bar mitzvahs!” they joked.
The host went on to say they were overwhelmed by positive comments they received on Twitter after first announcing the news.
“I have to say I had no idea people could be so nice on Twitter because normally you come off the show and it's you're this, you're that and I hope you die a hideous death. Yesterday people were really, really, really nice and I felt quite overwhelmed.”
As well as fronting The Wright Stuff, Wright is also known for presenting Inside Out London, as well as appearing on I'm A Celebrity… Get Me Out of Here! in 2013
Advertisement
The Wright Stuff is on weekdays from 9.15am on Channel 5
WASHINGTON — The Senate Veterans Affairs Committee is examining allegations that President Donald Trump's nominee to lead the Veterans Affairs Department oversaw a hostile work environment as the White House physician and allowed the overprescribing of drugs, according to congressional officials briefed on the committee's work.
They have also received claims that Dr. Ronny L. Jackson drank too much on the job.
The allegations, which have been under investigation since last week, forced the postponement of Jackson's confirmation hearing, planned for this Wednesday as senators scrutinize the nominee's time leading the White House medical staff. Officials familiar with the allegations against Jackson said that they suggest a pattern of behaviour, not just one or two isolated incidents.
Jackson, a rear admiral in the Navy who serves as the White House physician, was already expected to face difficult questioning during their testimony before the committee. Last month, Trump fired their first Veterans Affairs secretary, David J. Shulkin, an experienced hospital administrator and veteran of the VA medical system, and then chose Jackson largely out of personal affinity.
The White House did little or no vetting of their background before announcing their nomination on Twitter. Before serving as a White House physician, Jackson had deployed as an emergency medicine physician to Taqaddum, Iraq, during the Iraq War.
Committee Democrats met briefly Monday evening to discuss how to proceed. Sen. Jon Tester of Montana, the top Democrat on the panel, is leading the investigation. Sen. Johnny Isakson, R-Ga., the committee's chairperson, was expected to make a final decision about postponement Tuesday.
The White House defended Jackson's record in a statement, but did not address the nature of the claims against him.
“Admiral Jackson has been on the front lines of deadly combat and saved the lives of many others in service to this country. He's served as the physician to three Presidents — Republican and Democrat — and been praised by them all,” said Hogan Gidley, a deputy White House press secretary. “Admiral Jackson's record of strong, decisive leadership is exactly what's needed at the V.A. to ensure our veterans receive the benefits they deserve.”
Sparklers account for 61 percent of firework injuries to kids under the age of five.
Source: WAOW.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Lower Saucon police have released photos of two men they say stole a handgun from an unlocked car earlier this month.
Police said the break-ins occurred overnight Aug. 6 into Aug. 7.
An unlocked vehicle on Fieldstone Drive was entered and a handgun was taken from the console. A unlocked vehicle on Majestic Overlook Drive was also entered and credit cards were taken.
On Saturday, the township posted photos on the department's Facebook page of two men they say took the items.
Anyone with information is asked to call police at 610-317-6110.
Sarah Cassi may be reached at scassi@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow them on Twitter @SarahCassi. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
Fresh horror awaited the residents of Mettupalayam in Tamil Nadu, when they ventured out to the Velipalayam road in the city. Hundreds of dead fish were allegedly spotted on the banks of the Bhavani river and in a private well
too.
For years now, those who are supplied water from the river for their daily needs have been waging a war with the river's increasing toxicity.
According to residents, sewage and chemical waste is dumped into the water on a regular basis. In addition to this, they claim that the sluices of barrages built in the river is opened only three to four times a day,
allowing sewage to stagnate.
MOSCOW (AP) — A U.S. senator who is part of a congressional delegation visiting Russia says Moscow could help improve ties by not meddling in the midterm U.S. election in November.
Sen. John Thune, a South Dakota Republican, told The Associated Press on Wednesday that Russia's "change in behavior" is essential for better relations. Thune says "the best way to demonstrate this as we head into the 2018 election is to show the American people and our Congress and our administration that the Russians have no intention of messing or playing with the American election."
Thune and other members of the delegation met with Russian officials and lawmakers Tuesday.
Russia-U.S. ties have been bitterly strained by the fighting in Ukraine, the Syrian war and allegations of Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. election.
Transcript for Students erupt into dancing after finding out they're going to see 'Black Panther'
--
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
By Zvikomborero Parafini and Gibson Nyikadzino
Lawyers have spoken against comedian Mai Titi's decision to reveal the HIV status of their ex on social media platform, Facebook.
Mai Titi, real name Fellistas Maruta, on Monday and yesterday broke down on a Facebook live video alleging that their ex infected them with HIV/AIDS while they were still together.
Lawyers, who spoke to H-Metro yesterday, said the 31-year-old comedian has a case to answer and urged the ex to institute both criminal and civil charges.
Mai Titi however, said they did not care whether they decide to take the legal route or not because they have had them arrested before, and “besides the mission of letting the world know about their status has been completed.”
They said they did not care how their family would feel or will feel after their post.
“I do not care about how they are going to react to the video, whether they get me arrested or not, because they have had me arrested before and I know how heartless they are. What is important is that the world knows the truth about my HIV status.
“I do not care how my family feels. I was accused of being a prostitute insinuating that is how I acquired HIV, but now people know how I acquired the disease,” they said.
Tawanda Takaendesa, a lawyer, said Mai Titi has no legal protection for what they did.
“There is no legal protection here. The ex-husband should approach the police and lodge their complaint. It is legally wrong for them to disclose someone's HIV status on a public forum without evidence, proof or consent from the person they were accusing.
“Under these circumstances, the ex-husband should institute civil proceedings and if they go a step further, criminal charges,” said Takaendesa.
A female lawyer who requested anonymity said Mai Titi should have first filed a complaint with the police against their ex-husband for “wilful transmission of HIV”.
Said the lawyer: “Mai Titi should have filed a case against their ex for willful transmission, but right now they have failed themselves legally. Right now it seems there is no evidence to substantiate their claims and that is going to be difficult for them
“If they had a recording of a confession or something that was written to confirm that through consent, then that was them alibi. Apa anga achida kungosvibisa mu face uyu chete.
“She should have disclosed their status alone. The problem is some Zimbabweans are reluctant to get tested so right now because they have no evidence, some will assume that the guy was infected by Mai Titi first before they decided to leave them and move on.
“The guy can proceed with a civil suit or criminal charge case. Mai Titi has been reckless. What if the ex accuses them of willful infection of HIV/AIDS?” asked the lawyer.
Another lawyer who requested anonymity said Mai Titi committed a legal blunder.
“I have dealt with Mai Titi and I know this time they have lost it. There is no way the law protects them after such an incident. Imagine if the guy sues them for peddling falsehoods?
“The guy should just take the legal route because Mai Titi has exposed herself. If there was no consent, the guy is on the winning side,” they said.
John Ndomene further confirmed what their colleagues said by, emphasising that Mai Titi acted “illegally”.
“She acted illegally. It is illegal to reveal somebody's HIV status without their consent. It is a two-way issue. If the guy is HIV negative, they can sue for peddling falsehoods and if the guy is HIV positive they can sue and win beyond any reasonable doubt,” said Ndomene. H Metro
LARAMIE, Wyo. — Alan Herndon scored 21 points, Hayden Dalton got their second double-double of the season and Wyoming pulled away in the second half for an 86-72 win over Pacific on Saturday.
Trailing by two in the first half, Wyoming (7-3) got a 3-pointer from Herndon to spark a 9-1 run that made it 36-30 and put the Cowboys on top for good. Dalton, who finished with 18 points and 10 rebounds, pushed the advantage to 64-54 with a 3-pointer midway through the second half and the margin stayed in double figures the rest of the way.
Louis Adams and Justin James added 14 points apiece for Wyoming, which shot 52 per cent from the field and got 19 assists on its 32 buckets. The Cowboys have now won 18-straight nonconference games on their home court.
Pacific (5-6) got 21 points from Miles Reynolds, including 10 of 11 from the line. Kendall Small added 17 points and Roberto Gallinat had 12 for the Tigers.
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker will sign a measure Monday clearing the way for mining copper and gold in the state.
Source: WisconsinRapidsDailyTribune.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Brad Wilson | For lehighvalleylive.com
At some high schools, a 5-5 record and a trip to the postseason wouldn't be an unacceptable football season.
Phillipsburg, which did just that in 2016, is not one of those schools.
This is a program whose goals don't ever change. As second-year head coach Frank Duffy put it: "Goals are always: 1) Beat Easton; 2) Win States; 3) Win division (Mid-State 38 Delaware Division)."
The Stateliners didn't achieve any of those goals last season, as they went 3-2 in the division behind Bridgewater-Raritan at 5-0; fell in the first round of the NJSIAA North 2 Group 4 playoffs; and, most painfully, saw an 11-point lead slip away in a 24-14 loss to Easton on Thanksgiving.
What lessons can Duffy and the Stateliners take away from 2016 to make 2017 the kind of successful season Phillipsburg is used to?
There seem to be two big conclusions.
One is better offensive balance, which the return of very promising junior quarterback Jack Stagaard will help with. In 2016, Phillipsburg depended on its ground game almost to the point of exclusion. "We have to have better balance and we will have better balance," Duffy said.
Two, more consistency of effort. Several Stateliner players said that too often, they didn't manage four complete quarters in every game, and they fell too easily to adversity.
"We have to mentally strong throughout the season," said co-captain and tight end/linebacker Sean Morro. "We have to start fast and finish fast. Last season we had trouble bouncing back from bad plays or mistakes. We have to get everybody in the program mentally tougher. We need everybody to keep growing, keep moving ahead and have guys step up."
OMNISPORT
Andre Schurrle insists Borussia Dortmund will show their superiority to advance to the Champions League quarter-finals despite a last-16 first-leg loss to Benfica.
Schurrle and Dortmund were wasteful as the German visitors lost 1-0 to Benfica at the Estadio da Luz on Tuesday.
It was a nightmare outing for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, who missed a penalty and spurned two other one-on-one opportunities before being substituted by head coach Thomas Tuchel just after the hour.
3 – Aubameyang missed 3 of their last 4 penalties in all competitions for Borussia Dortmund after converting the first 6. Nerves. #UCL #SBLBVB — OptaFranz (@OptaFranz) February 14, 2017
Aubameyang's spot-kick was stopped by Benfica goalkeeper Ederson 13 minutes into the second half after Kostas Mitroglou's 48th-minute opener, however Schurrle remains upbeat.
"I think we played better, especially in the first half, we had the better opportunities," Schurrle said, via UEFA.com. "Especially with the penalty, we should have won.
"There is a return leg and we will show that we were clearly better then and go through.
"We were clear through on goal and things didn't work out. Such days happen."
Thomas Tuchel, @BVB "Even though I am very disappointed, I am proud of how we presented ourselves and how we played tonight." #UCL pic.twitter.com/Y9rzL0xtpS — Champions League (@ChampionsLeague) February 14, 2017
Dortmund team-mate Julian Weigl added: "We should have and could have taken more from this game. We put in a top performance, we created many chances. We had to win 2-0, 3-1 tonight.
"A 1-0 defeat is not the best position for the return leg, but we play in our stadium and it is still possible. But it hurts.
"I was fully convinced that one of our chances would go in, we absolutely would have deserved it. I don't quite know what to say, it's really annoying."
Juventus star Paulo Dybala dismissed comparisons to Lionel Messi, saying their Argentina team-mate was unique.
Dybala's stunning display in Juve's 3-0 Champions League win over Barcelona only led to further comparisons to Messi – one of the all-time greats.
But the 23-year-old played down similarities to the Barcelona star, who they said was at another level.
"I'm not angry that they compare me to Messi," Dybala told TyC Sports.
"But, like [Diego] Maradona, there was only one. I think there is also a great distance between them and me."
Dybala added: "I want to do a lot of things with them and win. We are both Argentines and we have to enjoy playing together."
Paulo Dybala has trained normally & will be fit for Juventus' Champions League quarter final second leg against Barcelona on Wednesday pic.twitter.com/xUcYI0R26R — Peter Coates (@golazoargentino) April 17, 2017
Despite having Messi and Dybala at their disposal, Argentina find themselves struggling in World Cup qualifying.
They sit in fifth – the play-off spot – in CONMEBOL qualifying, but Dybala has no doubt their nation will reach Russia 2018.
"I cannot imagine a World Cup without Argentina," they said.
"I also want to win it, like all Argentines."
Dybala and Messi will go head to head again on Wednesday in the second leg of their Champions League quarter-final at Camp Nou.
LETTER TO THE EDITOR
RE MARK Ryan bragging that Labor won't relax gun laws.
So Labor will follow the dinosaurs into extinction.
Why, because of the increase in law abiding licensed shooters. In 2003, Mark Ryan hero John Howard dictated that all licensed shooters would be recorded on Crimtrac, last year the figure was just under 2 million; this year it will be well over it.
Did the Las Vegas killer have help?
Las Vegas killer's girlfriend says "I had no idea'
Year 2012-13 2013-14 2014-15 2015-16
Total number of firearms 4.6 million 3.7 million 5,087,765 5,798,980
Total number of licences 1.7 million 1.5 million 1,912,188 1,973,522
From the Crimtrac Annual Report 2016-2016, these figures are over 12 months old, but to give some idea on the annual increase Craig Rolls Manager Weapons licencing, QPS, reported in March 2016,
"This figure represents a significant concern for Weapons Licensing as we are receiving approximately 350 applications a week, a 50% increase in the last three years and cannot continue to effectively process applications with this percentage, or a similar high percentage".
Mark Ryan must be living on the dark side of the moon if they are unaware of the hostility towards Weapons Licensing, righteously held by the law abiding firearm owners.
Minister for Police, Fire and Emergency Services Mark Ryan Alistair Brightman
They have to put up with the injustice of these politicians' created nightmare.
Maybe they just reads the garrulous, feel-good reports from police media, like their two predecessor police ministers who have already faded into obscurity.
For firearm owners the LNP policy, nor One Nation, nor the Katter Party policies will never go far enough; they have suffered 20 years of impositions and injustice. They want an end to Weapons Licensing. It serves no purpose. It does not save life, nor catch criminals. They want it out of their lives altogether.
Ron Owen's guns museum in Gympie. Renee Albrecht
Legislation should be based on evidence. The law abiding firearm owners are not causing any problems, they are the pillars of our society.
The conservative side of politics seems to have worked out the increase in numbers and have done the surveys, they know it's an issue that firearm owners will change their vote for.
It's nice to know that Labor is going to lose this coming election.
Ron Owen shoots clays in Gympie LEEROY TODD
Mark Ryan seems oblivious to the truth that farmers, primary producers, have a genuine reason to acquire a Category H firearm.
If they did not, they would not have paid the exorbitant renewal fees and Mark Ryan's Weapons Licensing would not have given them a Category H licence in the first instance.
Mark is a country boy from Nambour, they should understand what it's like to jump into a stockyard, working with both hands, with big animals, such as bulls or stags.
If something goes wrong, a hand gun on the belt can save a human life, or that life can be lost for the lack of it.
Feral pigs are in plague proportions, farmers working on their own, far from their designated security safe have to defend themselves, or others.
Provision for these "good reasons" are in the legislation, but Mark's "hardworking police" have created their own policy, not just on this subject but on many others.
They believe that they write the law, and they enforce it. If the law does not suit them they employ another word, "Police policy". Hardworking farmers in dangerous occupations should not have to apologise for that Police policy.
I find it amazing that Labour lawyer Mark Ryan showers John Howard with so many accolades for their uninformed gun laws which parodied the 23 points of the UN civilian Disarmament Treaty.
John Howard betrayed Australia for a foreign power, they took our civil rights, our right to defend ourselves, our right to own property legally obtained and our rights to enjoy our pursuits of our sports and hobbies. They left us serfs in an occupied country. Mark Ryan wants to continue this injustice.
To this end they state: There has been no fatal mass shooting incidents in Australia since the introduction of the NFA and initial gun buyback in 1996.
So their main premise, that there has not been another massacre since 1996, as it is irrelevant what the tool is, as bad people who want to kill will kill with a truck, a bomb, pressure cookers, a box of matches, poison or sarin gas.
A truck was used in Nice France to kill 68 people. Do we ban trucks?
The Panadol poisoner, do we ban Panadol?
Mark cannot relate gun control laws to massacres, gun laws are meaningless to a person who decides to commit murder.
Doctors decide to kill their patients - do we ban doctors? An ex police officer in London kills 61 people with a neck tie - do we get all emotional and ban ties?
If we ban firearms, completely remove everyone of them, besides the massive injustice to the people who have and use them that have done no wrong, the bad people will make their own tools.
For example:
Snowtown massacre May 1999:: 12 dead attack by John Bunting, Robert Wagner, and James Vlassakis, a total of 12 bodies were found in acid filled barrels and rainwater tanks.
Childers Palace Backpackers fire June 23, 2000, Childers: Arson attack by Robert Paul Long, which killed 15 international backpackers.
Monash University massacre October 21, 2002, Melbourne: Two people dead 5 wounded, Sent to psychiatric hospital. Melbourne, a shooting spree by Huan Yun Xiang, a student at Monash University.
Churchill Fire, February 7, 2009, Victoria: Arson attack by Brendan Sokaluk that killed 10 people.
Victoria Fire, February 9, 2009: 135 people dead, Mass arson. that the fires were in indeed due to arson (and potentially "arsonists") and thus the deaths are a mass murder and fit the definition of massacre.
Lin family massacre, July 18, 2009 North Epping, New South Wales: Blunt instrument attack which killed five members of the Lin family.
Hectorville massacre, April 29, 2011: Three people died, three wounded. A shooting that took place on April 29, 2011, in Hectorville, South Australia. It began after a 39-year-old male, Donato Anthony Corbo, shot four people on a neighbouring property (three of whom died), and also wounded two police officers.
Quakers Hill Nursing Home massacre, November 18, 2011 Sydney, NSW: Arson attack by Roger Kingsley Dean, a nurse, which killed 11 people.
Hunt family massacre, September 9, 2014 Lockhart, New South Wales: Murder-suicide shooting spree by Geoff Hunt who killed their wife and three children before turning the gun on themselves .
Wedderburn massacre 22 October 2014, 3 people died. A shooting murder of a neighbour family (Greg Holmes, 48, their mother Mary Lockhart, 75, and their husband Peter Lockhart, 78) by Ian Francis Jamieson, 63.
Cairns Children Massacre 19 December 2014, 8 people. (perpetrator) Stabbing attack. 8 children aged 18 months to 15 years killed. Thirty-seven-year-old woman also found injured. The woman, Raina Mersane Ina Thaiday, was later charged with the murder of the children, 7 of whom were hers, plus their niece.
Ron Owen at Owen's guns museum in Gympie. Renee Albrecht
2014 Lindt Cafe Sydney hostage crisis - Two hostages and hostage-taker Man Haron Monis were killed, during a 16-hour siege inside a Lindt cafe in Martin Place, Sydney, with six other people injured. (It appears that the hostages were killed by the police)
Melbourne gangland killings - 36 underworld figures murdered so far in gang related violence between 1998 and 2010.
Port Lincoln Wharf murder-suicide 4 January 2016, South Australia 3 dead, by drowning and shooting.
17 October 2016 Sydney, New South Wales 4 dead by Gassing.
Melbourne car attack 20 January 2017 Melbourne, Victoria 6 people died, 30 wounded Vehicular attack. Dimitrious Gargasoulas drove a Holden Commodore into Bourke St Mall.
See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_massacres_in_Australia
If Mark Ryan or John Howard succeeded in removing every legally owned firearm from Australia, as they are not the problem, it would not make any difference at all to massacres or murders, or suicides, people just find other means and their laws will not stop them.
All of these murderous events will continue, whilst the emphasis is placed on disarming victims instead of protecting them.
Bad people will always find the tools.
Gun controls are not only not relevant the reliance on the wrong 'fix' increases the likelihood that it will continue to occur. History shows that gun control, or peace treaties will never protect the defenceless.
Ron Owen,
President ,
Firearm Owners Association of Australia.
Sensitive patient medical records compiled by possibly thousands of doctors may have been compromised, according to data security researcher KrebsonSecurity.
Krebs says it recently notified Kansas-based MEDantex, a medical transcription service, to a security issue with an online portal that was apparently leaking medical records onto the internet that should have been password protected. The portal has since been shut down.
"What's more," Krebs reports, "numerous online tools intended for use by MEDantex employees were exposed to anyone with a Web browser, including pages that allowed visitors to add or delete users, and to search for patient records by physician or patient name. No authentication was required to access any of these pages."
A check of MEDantex's website includes a client list of multiple medical organizations across the country from San Francisco to New York, and from New Jersey to Florida.
The company's website lists Montgomery, Alabama's Jackson Hospital among its clients, but when contacted by WSFA 12 News, MEDantex CEO Sreeram Pydah said Jackson has not been a client since sometime between 2003 and 2005. They added that they don't believe Jackson records are on the impacted server and called it a "very low chance" any of Jackson's records were impacted.
When reached for comment, Jackson Hospital spokesperson Mia Mothershed said MEDantex is investigating the breach "and [has] not identified the scope of information compromised." They added that Jackson Hospital "has not been identified among the companies whose information was exposed. If confirmation is received we will take appropriate action."
Krebs said the number of exposed records was unclear, but one accessible directory alphabetized more than 2,300 doctors by their last name with access to downloadable records. While most records appeared recent, some dated back to at least 2007, Krebs stated.
So what could the data be used for? Krebs indicates one possibility.
"Several MEDantex portal pages left exposed to the Web suggest that the company recently was the victim of WhiteRose," Krebs wrote, "a strain of ransomware that encrypts a victim's files unless and until a ransom demand is paid."
Pydah tells WSFA 12 News security experts are investigating what they called a ransomware attack but don't yet know the extent or who was affected. They said it could take weeks to get more information.
Copyright 2018 WSFA 12 News. All rights reserved.
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Testimony has resumed in federal court in Las Vegas in the trial of six men accused of wielding weapons to force federal agents to abandon a round-up of Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy's cattle in April 2014.
A U.S. Bureau of Land Management agent, Rand Stover, returned to the witness stand Tuesday for questioning about escalating tension between government officials and Bundy family members in the weeks before the armed standoff.
Prosecutor Steven Myhre (MY'-ree) asked Stover on Monday about confrontations that led roundup supervisors to ramp up security around federal agents and contract cowboys enforcing court orders to collect Bundy cattle in March 2014.
The six defendants face of charges including conspiracy, firearm offenses and assault on a federal officer.
They've pleaded not guilty, and deny agents were threatened.
Comments
comments
WINNIPEG — A sentencing hearing is underway for a teenager who pleaded guilty to second-degree murder in a young woman's beating that was captured on video and surfaced online.
The body of Serena McKay, who was 19, was found on the Sagkeeng First Nation last April.
Two teenage girls, who were 16 and 17, were arrested.
The older girl, who has since turned 18 but can't be named because of their age when the beating occurred, pleaded guilty in December.
Them eyes were filled with tears as they were led into the Winnipeg courtroom in handcuffs as McKay's family members and friends filled the seats.
Crown lawyer Jennifer Comack says there are 24 victim impact statements from family and friends.
There are more from people who didn't know McKay. Judge Rocky Pollack is to decide which can be included in the court record.
Court has previously heard that McKay had been at a house party in the Sagkeeng community when there was an argument about alcohol.
Two videos, which later circulated on social media, showed McKay on the ground and crying while they were being attacked.
OTTAWA — The mercury, and tempers, were rising in the House of Commons Wednesday, as politicians sparred over the Liberal government's controversial nationalization of the Trans Mountain pipeline.
There is a sense that this is serious business and that the passion and exasperation in Parliament will be nothing compared to the rage on the ground in British Columbia, in what promises to be a long, hot summer.
When the $4.5 billion purchase was unveiled at a news conference on Tuesday, Jim Carr, the natural resources minister, resorted to the old Liberal standby of blaming the Harper government for the sorry pass things had come to. “The previous government spent 10 years pitting the environment and the economy against each other. They pitted us against each other. It polarized us. That is not who we are,” they said.
But it's very much who we are.
If Carr is suggesting that the country is no longer polarized — and has not become more so as a result of this policy decision — they need to get out more.
The mantra of the economy and the environment going hand-in-hand has become such a crutch for Justin Trudeau that if you'd picked that boiler plate phrase in a game of political drinking bingo, you'd have been befuddled by the end of the opening round of question period.
Once upon a time, the idea of a dual-pronged policy of a pipeline and carbon pricing seemed like a clear political winner: polls showed a majority in every region of the country supported (or at least accepted) the development in tandem of a floor price on carbon and a new pipeline.
This is the moment in history where Justin Trudeau has revealed that they never cared about Indigenous rights or reconciliation
But however beautiful the strategy, real life is much more messy. The reaction to the Trans Mountain announcement suggests that consensus is in danger of unravelling.
The prime minister has been cornered by their own over-zealous regulatory changes — enthusiasm that shut down the Northern Gateway and Energy East options.
The strategy doubtless worked on the principle they would not be needed because the government would support Trans Mountain, which had regulatory approval and the support of the B.C. government. Then sand was thrown in the gears when John Horgan was elected NDP premier of B.C.
Trudeau has been animated about the need to protect Canadian values, but there is no Canadian value more important than the rule of law, the foundation of all the other values in society.
That value will now be challenged, not least by the leader of the third party in Parliament. Jagmeet Singh said they support the rule of law and does not condone violence. “But it is important to understand that people protest when they are frustrated. I understand where that comes from,” they said.
Horgan said they encouraged pipeline opponents to make their voices heard but only “within the rule of law.”
Those words will probably fall on deaf ears.
Bill McKibben, the American environmentalist, writing in the Guardian, said Trans Mountain is shaping up to be another Standing Rock, the protest against a pipeline in North Dakota that saw armed soldiers and police in riot gear clear an encampment. “I'm guessing that making this petro-colonialism officially state-sponsored will only harden people's resolution,” they said. “The cutest, progressivest, boy-bandiest leader in the world is going fully in the tank for the oil industry.”
The pipeline news will stain Trudeau's reputation in many Indigenous communities that have been supportive of the Liberals to this point.
“This is the moment in history where Justin Trudeau has revealed that they never cared about Indigenous rights or reconciliation,” said Will George, a member of the Tsleil-Waututh Nation in North Vancouver.
That view is not universal among Indigenous people. Trudeau quoted B.C. Chief Ernie Crey, who welcomed the news and said the livelihoods of the Cheam band people depend on it succeeding.
But that's the point. A government elected on promises of positive politics and inclusiveness has taken decisions that have increased the polarization in this country.
People in New Brunswick are gob-smacked that the federal government has bought a pipeline, after engineering the demise of Energy East. Don Darling, the Saint John mayor, said Ottawa claims Trans Mountain is in the national interest because it will create jobs. “Those are the exact arguments we made for Energy East, but we couldn't get any traction,” they said.
At one point in question period Wednesday, Trudeau chided the Conservatives for talking about Energy East, which was “old news.” Lisa Raitt, the Conservative deputy leader, shot back that this would be news to the Liberal MP for Saint John, Wayne Long, who was quoted in that morning's paper saying they would be lobbying the prime minister to re-open the Energy East file.
The business community should have been supportive of Ottawa's Trans Mountain intervention, but the confusion over enforcing regulatory approvals has resulted in a widespread negative sentiment.
“We are left questioning why any company would pursue large capital investment in Canada,” said a note to clients by GMP Securities analysts.
For many, the grievance is less the terms of the deal. As was noted Tuesday, if the pipeline is built, it could be sold at a profit by the government.
People who watched Trudeau orchestrate the purchase have no doubts about their resolve. “This was not the prime minister who crashed the wedding on a beach in Tofino. This was the boxing match version of Justin — stubborn and immovable,” said one person.
The sun will be beating down on the Trans Mountain terminal in Burnaby this summer, but there will be few signs of sunny ways.
National Post
jivison@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/IvisonJ
NATIONALS 2, ORIOLES 0
BALTIMORE (AP) — Max Scherzer pitched eight innings of two-hit ball to earn their eighth consecutive victory, Bryce Harper hit their 18th homer and the Nationals finished a three-game series sweep.
Scherzer (9-1) struck out 12, walked one and retired 24 of 27 batters. Sean Doolittle gave up two singles in the ninth, but notched their 13th save.
Washington has won six straight overall and 10 in a row on the road, the team's longest run since moving from Montreal in 2005.
Baltimore rookie David Hess (2-2) gave up one run and four hits over six innings.
PIRATES 2, CUBS 1
PITTSBURGH (AP) — Joe Musgrove pitched seven strong innings for Pittsburgh, and their hard slide led to both teams emptying their benches in another tense moment in the series between NL Central rivals.
Musgrove (2-0) helped stop the Pirates' four-game losing streak, permitting one run and seven hits. They also slid hard into second baseman Javier Baez to break up a potential double play in the third inning.
No punches were thrown as both teams milled around the infield and there were no ejections.
The Cubs had won three in a row. Chicago's Kyle Hendricks (4-4) surrendered two runs and seven hits in five innings.
INDIANS 9, WHITE SOX 1
CLEVELAND (AP) — Corey Kluber pitched six shutout innings and reached eight victories before any AL pitcher as Cleveland rolled to its fifth straight win.
Spotted a nine-run cushion after four innings, Kluber (8-2) had little trouble with baseball's worst team. The defending AL Cy Young Award winner allowed three hits and struck out 10.
Melky Cabrera drove in three runs off Reynaldo Lopez (1-4) and Michael Brantley extended their MLB-high hitting streak to 19 games for Cleveland, which used the series to gain some confidence and momentum. The Indians have scored 43 runs during their win streak.
BREWERS 3, CARDINALS 2
MILWAUKEE (AP) — Alex Reyes pitched four scoreless innings for St. Louis in their return from Tommy John surgery, but Orlando Arcia hit a tiebreaking RBI single in Milwaukee's two-run seventh
Making their first major league appearance since Sept. 29, 2016, Reyes allowed three hits, struck out two and walked two.
With two out and runners on first and second, Arcia stopped a 0-for-15 slide with a base hit against Sam Tuivailala (1-1).
Jeremy Jeffress (5-0) got the win despite allowing two runs in the top of the seventh. Corey Knebel struck out Jose Martinez for their fifth save.
Christian Yelich homered for the Brewers, and Erik Kratz had two hits and scored a run.
Harrison Bader homered for St. Louis, and Dexter Fowler had three singles.
RED SOX 6, BLUE JAYS 4
BOSTON (AP) — J.D. Martinez hit a tiebreaking two-run homer over the Green Monster, and the Red Sox completed a three-game series sweep.
Martinez tied for the major league lead with their 18th homer, snapping a 2-2 tie in the sixth.
Eduardo Nunez hit a solo homer and an RBI double for Boston, which has won nine of 11 and has the best record in the major leagues at 39-17.
Teoscar Hernandez hit a two-run homer for the Blue Jays, who have lost 13 of 17. Sam Gaviglio (2-1) gave up four runs in six innings.
Eduardo Rodriguez (6-1) struck out seven in 6 2/3 innings for Boston, and Craig Kimbrel got three outs for their 18th save.
METS 4, BRAVES 1
ATLANTA (AP) — Brandon Nimmo and Adrian Gonzalez each drove in two runs, leading the Mets to a sorely needed victory.
Jason Vargas (2-3) pitched five scoreless innings for New York, which had lost seven of nine. Robert Gsellman worked the ninth for their second save.
Atlanta dropped into second place in the NL East, one-half game behind Washington. The Nationals and Braves begin a four-game series at SunTrust Park on Thursday.
Braves starter Julio Teheran (4-3) pitched seven innings of two-run ball.
ROYALS 11, TWINS 8
KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Mike Moustakas and Jorge Soler homered, powering Kansas City to the win.
Moustakas drove in four runs. Soler had four hits for the Royals, who led 9-0 after two innings.
Kevin McCarthy (4-2), the fifth of seven Kansas City pitchers, retired all four batters they faced and earned the victory. Kelvin Herrera worked the ninth for their 12th save.
Twins rookie Fernando Romero (3-2) was tagged for eight runs and nine hits in 1 2/3 innings.
Minnesota slugger Miguel Sano had two hits and three RBIs.
GIANTS 7, ROCKIES 4
DENVER (AP) — Brandon Crawford kept up their May hitting surge by lining a pair of singles, Gorkys Hernandez had a diving catch in centre field to thwart a rally, and the Giants avoided being swept.
Crawford was 2 for 5 with an RBI. He's hitting .412 this month, raising their season average from .189 to .307.
The Giants snapped a three-game skid. Derek Holland (3-6) pitched five innings for the win, and Hunter Strickland worked the ninth for their 11th save.
Nolan Arenado hit a three-run homer for Colorado. Harrison Musgrave (0-1) got the loss.
REDS 7, DIAMONDBACKS 4
PHOENIX (AP) — Adam Duvall's grand slam erased an early four-run deficit, and Cincinnati rallied for the victory.
Scott Schebler added a tiebreaking two-run drive in the sixth, helping the last-place Reds salvage the finale of the three-game set. Joey Votto and Eugenio Suarez each had three hits.
Both of Cincinnati's homers came off Patrick Corbin (5-2), who gave up a season-high six runs and eight hits in six innings.
Paul Goldschmidt and John Ryan Murphy went deep for the Diamondbacks, who have dropped 16 of 20 overall.
Sal Romano (3-6) pitched five innings in their first win since May 4, and Raisel Iglesias got four outs for their ninth save.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By The Associated Press
Have your say
A community event to raise money to send a ‘bright-eyed, gorgeous little girl' to America to be treated for cerebral palsy has raised more than £2,500.
The fundraising family fun day was held in honour of Imogen Holmes, a 22-month-old toddler who is unable to walk or talk due to spastic quadriplegic cerebral palsy.
The mother of a 20-month-old toddler from Fitzwilliam, who has limited use of their arms and legs has launched a �20,000 fundraising drive to take them for specialist treatment in Panama. Imogen Holmes was diagnosed with spastic quadriplegic cerebral palsy at Pinderfields Hospital in June 2017. Imogen's mother Briony Winstanley has started a �20,000 fundraising drive to to pay for stem cell treatment for Imogen in Panama in central America. Imogen pictured with their parents Briony Winstanley and Stephen Holmes.'9th March 2018.'Picture Jonathan Gawthorpe
I parents Briony Winstanley, 21 and Stephen Holmes, 26, of Fitzwilliam near Pontefract, want to raise £20,000 to take their daughter to Panama for treatment at the Stem Cell Institute.
Family friend Chris Doyle, 28, organised the fundraiser at The Hut community centre in Airedale, Castleford on Sunday. It raised £2,575.03.
Mr Doyle said: “When I found out Imogen's parents were trying to raise £20,000 I just knew I had to get involved and try and help.
“Briony and Stephen are both doing well and we're all busy trying to get to this £20,000 target as quickly as possible.”
Of the fundraiser, they said: “The weather was amazing, the turnout was fantastic and we smashed our £2,000 target for the day.”
They added that Imogen is “a bright-eyed, gorgeous little girl who brings joy to everyone who sees her”.
At the fundraiser there were 20 stalls selling various gifts, a raffle, face painting, sponsored armpit and leg waxing, a bouncy castle and a live auction with lots including signed Rugby League memorabilia.
Imogen is unable to speak and has only limited use of their arms and legs.
Them father Mr Holmes has previously said the treatment could make a big difference to their family life, adding: ““It could achieve their walking unaided, it could achieve them talking.
“If it means them saying a few words it would mean a lot.”
Donate to the appeal for Imogen by visiting https://uk.gofundme.com/imogens-stem-cell-treatment
Soulmates!
Kevin Hart and their pregnant wife, Eniko Parrish, celebrated their first wedding anniversary on Sunday by dedicating sweet messages to each other on Instagram.
The 38-year-old comedian gushed over their "unbelievable wife" with a candid snapshot from their wedding ceremony.
"Thank u for all that you do," they captioned the snap. "Thank you for loving me & supporting me at the highest level...Thank you for loving and embracing my kids the way you do. Thank you for turning my house into home."
"Thank you for simply making me Happy," continued the Jumanji star. "You are & will forever be my 'Rib'….[one] year down & the rest of our life to go. Our family & our union is getting bigger & stronger & I love it!!!!!"
Parrish, 32, also shared a photo from their wedding day along with a heartwarming dedication to their "soulmate."
"I'm Grateful to God everyday for putting us together," they began. "When it's real, no love/bond can ever be faked nor broken. My partner in life, My other half that makes me whole, My SOULMATE.♥ Thank you for always keeping a smile on my face. I love you more everyday. 8 years together…1 year married..Forever to go!"
The mom-to-be added, "Happy [1-year-anniversary] babe! We made it!"
MORE: Kevin Hart's Wife Eniko Flaunts Baby Bump in Bikini: 'Halfway There!'
The anniversary comes just over a month after Hart laughed-off cheating rumors, which were sparked by a photo of them with another woman while in Miami, Florida.
Hart was spotted chatting with the woman outside of a Miami Beach hotel at around 5 a.m. on July 3, but the early-morning encounter was strictly platonic.
"It's absolutely not true," Hart told ET's Kevin Frazier of the cheating rumors before explaining why they were out so late. "It's Miami, the clubs close at 6 a.m., so I was actually going home early."
EXCLUSIVE: Kevin Hart Reveals Whether He's Ready to Have More Kids With Wife Eniko Parrish
Related Articles
The eruption of zoning
In a state where money has until recently almost always guided political thought and processes, the matter of zoning is emerging as a major factor in the unfolding campaign for the Anambra State governorship election due on November 18, 2017.
By Emmanuel Aziken,
IT is generally acclaimed that money had until recently almost completely overwhelmed all other permutations in the election of the governor of Anambra State. Though still an important factor, zoning is, however, springing up to be considered as a factor in the next governorship election as never before.
The issue is prevailing in all the major political parties in the state. The three major parties are the Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, the Progressives Congress, APC and the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP.
Among the civilian governors to have governed the state, Anambra South has the unique distinction of having produced the highest number of governors in the persons of Dr. Chukwuemeka Ezeife, (1992-3), Dr. Chinwoke Mbadinuju (1999 to 2003), Dame Virginia Etiaba, (November 2006 to February, 2007) and Senator Andy Uba (2007).
Anambra Central follows with Dr. Chris Ngige (2003 to 2006) and Mr. Peter Obi (2006 to 2013) while Anambra North has produced its first governor in the person of Chief Willie Obiano, the incumbent governor who came to office in March 2014 on the platform of APGA. The issue of zoning follows the strident determination of the people of Anambra North to sustain the governorship on the premise that this is the first time that someone from the region has been governor.
The move was first championed by traditional rulers from the region last August. The traditional rulers including the Obi of Onitsha, Igwe Alfred Achebe, who is the chairperson of Anambra State Traditional Rulers' Council, as well as the chairperson of Anambra North Traditional Council, Igwe S.U. Nnose, who is the traditional ruler of Mmiata Anam, and 32 other royal fathers had endorsed Governor Obiano for a second term on the claim that they have performed well.
“After reviewing these outstanding and impressive achievements just within their first two years in office, we the Traditional Rulers from Anambra North senatorial zone of the state strongly and unreservedly feel, affirm and passionately believe that if given a chance for a second term in office, Obiano's achievable outcome would definitely blow the minds of Ndi Anambra and that of Nigerians that such fits are possible and achievable in a nation such as Nigeria.
“Therefore, we the members of the Anambra North Council of Traditional Rulers unanimously endorse and support Chief Willie Obiano for their second term bid as the Executive Governor of Anambra State.”
The assertion of the traditional rulers was recently backed by some political stakeholders from Anambra North led by erstwhile chairperson of the board of trustees of APGA and former minister of health, Dr. Tim Menakaya who said that their support for Obiano was upon the fact that they are the only one with a ready ticket. That claim at the meeting of the stakeholders last February was upon the fact that no one is presently contending with Obiano for the ticket of APGA. That is mainly because of the fact that their predecessor and one time godfather, Mr. Peter Obi has left the party and is now a member of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP.
Given that Obiano has the governorship ticket of APGA for the taking, that, however, has not stopped other strong politicians from other political parties from Anambra North from challenging Obiano in other political parties. Among the major contenders from Anambra North are two medical doctors, Dr. Tony Nwoye of the APC who is presently a member of the House of Representatives and Dr. Alex Obiogbolu. Also contending is Oseloka Obaze. The contention of Obiano's rivals is that they have failed to deliver on the wishes of the electorate with insinuations that the governor has been very sectional in their appointments and allocation of projects favouring mostly their section of Anambra North.
While Obiogbolu has been a long wayfarer in the PDP and sought the office in the past, their ideals and ideas for the governorship of the state have mostly been blocked by what some see as funding. Their steadfastness in the PDP is, however, beginning to be seen as a plus for them from major party stakeholders who are determined to attack Obiano from home.
That is especially given the fact that most of the other major PDP contenders like Andy Uba, Nwoye and Nicholas Ukachukwu are not contending for the party's ticket. Also in the contest from the zone on the platform of the PDP is Obaze who is a former secretary to the state government and served both Obi and Obiano.
While they are said to be liked, their rivals are set to challenge their moral authority to contest against Obi having served their government until few months ago. The other major PDP aspirant is from outside Anambra North, that is Osita Chidoka, the erudite former minister of aviation. While they are said to have the financial clout, other aspirants are raising the issue of zoning, questioning the basis on which Chidoka from Idemili in Anambra Central should become governor so soon after Mr. Obi's tenure.
Waiting in the wings is Senator Stella Oduah, the former minister of aviation and present senator representing Anambra North. Them aspiration remains clouded especially after they took a break from the public after the death of their son few months ago.
However, one of the major challengers against Obiano is Dr. Nwoye, a member of the House of Representatives who is vying on the platform of the APC. Nwoye vied for the same office in 2013 and lost narrowly to Obiano on the platform of the PDP but was undermined by the division in the PDP and President Goodluck Jonathan's desperation to help Obi foist Obiano on the people of the state.
Aspirants from the zone
Irrespective of the agitation of the people of Anambra North to hold on to the office, there is also increasing agitation by the people of Anambra South for the office. Their claim is that though they have produced four former governors, but that their collective time in that office was not up to the more than ten years enjoyed by Mr. Obi and Dr. Ngige from Anambra Central.
Among the aspirants from the zone seeking to contest are Senator Andy Uba who was governor for 17 days, Engr. Barth Nwibe, Mr. Ifeanyi Ubah, Obinna Uzor among many others.
However, though no agreement has been formally made on zoning among the parties, the godfathers in the different parties are said to be quietly canvassing the issue. Mr. Obi according to sources has thrown their weight behind zoning the ticket in the PDP to Anambra North. If not, then to checkmate Obiano in the main election.
The post The eruption of zoning appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Pollinator gardens planted by more than 200 volunteers in Port Dalhousie last September are already abuzz with visitors.
The multi-partner project led by the Niagara Restoration Council saw manicured lawns in Rennie Park and Henley Island transformed into naturalized areas.
“They're growing really great,” said Allison Graszat, environmental project manager with Niagara Restoration Council. “We did notice a lot of different bees and butterflies are visiting the site already.”
Still to come this year are signs on Rennie Island that explain what was planted, why it was planted and why native species were used.
It's all part of the council's mandate to educate people the benefits of planting species native to the area.
“People are more aware of what is native and what isn't and what the benefits can be, but there's really a lot more education that needs to be done,” Graszat said.
To that end, the restoration council has teamed up with the Port Dalhousie Beautification and Works Committee to encourage young photographers to get up close with nature.
A native plant and wildlife photo contest for youth is on until Sept. 22.
Graszat said the whole point is to get youth engaged in nature and educate them about how native species are really beneficial for wildlife in the area.
“We figured if there was an incentive for them to get out into the environment, check things out and maybe learn about the native plants and animals here, we could all benefit from that,” they said.
Young photographers can submit photos of native plants or wildlife from anywhere in Port Dalhousie. But if they need a hint about where to go, two raised beds of native-only plants are on Rennie Island. As well, an acre and a half area at the north end of Henley Island was seeded with a wildflower and grass mix last year.
The submissions will be judged in the categories of Best Wildlife photo and Best Native Plant photo. If a photo has wildlife and plants in it, it can be submitted in both categories but will only win in one.
The photos will be judged in age groups 7-12 and 13-18 by staff at the Niagara Restoration Council.
Children aged six and under have their own category too. They're being invited to draw or colour a picture of native wildlife or plants.
There's a limit of four entries per person. Winners will receive $100, with a second prize of $50 and a third prize of $25.
Photos and drawings can be submitted by email to allison@niagararestoration.org or mailed to the Niagara Restoration Council at 250 Thorold Rd., Welland, ON, L3C 3W2.
All submissions must include the entrant's name, age, location where the photo was taken and the category entered. All photos must be shot this summer in Port Dalhousie. Winners of all three age groups will be notified by Oct. 6.
kwalter@postmedia.com
Follow @karena_standard
Thiago Silva has welcomed Paris Saint-Germain's interest in Kylian Mbappe, believing the Monaco sensation can become an important player for the Ligue 1 giants.
After completing a world-record €222million transfer for Neymar, PSG are now reportedly set to sign 18-year-old forward Mbappe in another lucrative deal.
Mbappe – also linked with Real Madrid and Manchester City after their 26 goals in all competitions helped Monaco to Ligue 1 glory and a Champions League semi-final berth last season – was an unused substitute in Sunday's 4-1 rout of Dijon.
And PSG captain Silva lauded the France international's maturity ahead of their seemingly imminent arrival.
"Mbappe, they always want to score. They also dribble well," Silva told Canal plus.
"I think for a team like Paris, who like good players. They can be an important and very interesting player.
"From what I saw on TV, they also have a good head [he is mature]."
Mbappe sustained a knock in Monaco's season-opening 3-2 win over Toulouse last week, and they were named among the substitutes in what head coach Leonardo Jardim described as "a club decision".
Dangerous wildlife spottings have been reported in Queensland towns. Picture: Supplied.
Dangerous wildlife spottings have been reported in Queensland towns. Picture: Supplied.
A CROCODILE has been spotted three times underneath a Fraser Coast wharf this month.
A spokesperson from the Department of Environment and Science said a number of sightings had been reported regarding a crocodile seen at Little Tuan Creek under the wharf near Eckert St at Boonooroo.
The reptile has reportedly been seen on March 4, March 12 and March 16.
"On all three occasions the animal was not behaving in an aggressive or otherwise dangerous manner," the spokesperson said.
The animal is estimated to be about 2.5 metres long, but that information had not been verified by the department.
Warning signs have been placed in the area, with wildlife officers investigating during the day on March 13 and doing a night spotlight patrol of the river.
No evidence of crocodile activity was found.
Staff are currently investigating the most recent sighting on March 16.
Crocodiles south of the Boyne River are targeted for removal.
By LINDA A. JOHNSONAP Medical Writer
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration says drug shortages are possible because of expected long-term power outages in Puerto Rico.
According to the agency, factories in Puerto Rico make nearly 10 percent of the medicines used by Americans, plus numerous medical devices.
FDA Commissioner Dr. Scott Gottlieb said in a statement Friday that the agency is working to prevent shortages of about 40 medicines. They didn't name the medicines involved.
The FDA said it is working with drugmakers, who are trying to restore partial operations with backup generators. In the most urgent cases, the FDA is helping companies get fuel to keep their generators running and ship finished products.
Most of Puerto Rico lost electricity when Hurricane Maria hit the island territory two weeks ago.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
See The Dead Body Of The Catholic Priest Killed By Fulani Herdsmen In Benue (Graphic Photo)
Here is the dead body photo of one of the two Catholic Priests killed by the Fulani herdsmen alongside 13 other people in Benue State this morning while in Church. A Facebook user share the photo with caption: This is one of the two Catholic Priests killed by the Fulani herdsmen alongside 17 other people […]
The post See The Dead Body Of The Catholic Priest Killed By Fulani Herdsmen In Benue (Graphic Photo) appeared first on Timeofgist.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Timeofgist. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
the complete review - internet / literature
Internet Literature in China
by
Michel Hockx
general information | review summaries | our review | links | about the author
With numerous illustrations / screengrabs
- Return to top of the page -
Our Assessment:
B : good overview; helpful examples
See our review for fuller assessment.
Review Summaries Source Rating Date Reviewer Asian Studies Review . 41(4) (2016) Xiaoping Gao TLS . 10/4/2015 Ross Perlin
From the Reviews :
" Internet Literature in China is elegantly written. This tour de force constitutes fascinating and illuminating documentation, stories and critique of Chinese online literature. (...) It is a must-have for Chinese literature researchers and postgraduate students who wish to know more about Chinese Internet literature and relevant social ritual and political censorship that have transformed Chinese culture and society." - Xiaoping Gao, Asian Studies Review
is elegantly written. This tour de force constitutes fascinating and illuminating documentation, stories and critique of Chinese online literature. (...) It is a must-have for Chinese literature researchers and postgraduate students who wish to know more about Chinese Internet literature and relevant social ritual and political censorship that have transformed Chinese culture and society." - "Hockx has documented a fascinating moment in time." - Ross Perlin, Times Literary Supplement
Please note that these ratings solely represent the complete review 's biased interpretation and subjective opinion of the actual reviews and do not claim to accurately reflect or represent the views of the reviewers. Similarly the illustrative quotes chosen here are merely those the complete review subjectively believes represent the tenor and judgment of the review as a whole. We acknowledge (and remind and warn you) that they may, in fact, be entirely unrepresentative of the actual reviews by any other measure.
- Return to top of the page -
The complete review 's Review :
As the US$1.1 billion November 2017 IPO of China Literature, a unit of Tencent, recently emphatically confirmed: online literature is huge in China. It has been for a while, and Michel Hockx's Internet Literature in China offers a good introduction to and early history of the phenomenon. (It's hard to keep up, however, with the rapid transformations, and so, for example, this 2015 book already misses the further consolidation and reshaping of the major sites with the Shanda Cloudary spin-off and then merger with Tencent Literature that created today's behemoth, Yuwen (China Literature).)
Aside from the specific subject matter, Internet Literature in China is also interesting as an example of trying to write internet-history: as Hockx notes, the internet remains remarkably ephemeral, with much that's here today gone tomorrow. A great deal of the material and many of the sites they discusses are no longer readily accessible, with the Internet Archive Wayback Machine and a dedicated Zotero-group the only repositories of much of the material. It does show the usefulness of the more permanent book-form: Internet Literature in China -- which also reproduces screengrabs that give a good idea of some of what is, or was, available -- provides a better and more accessible overview of more than twenty years of this history than the internet has managed.
Conditions in China, with strong government controls over (physical) publication -- of books and magazines -- certainly were conducive to an explosive growth of online publication unlike anywhere else. As Hockx notes, the requirement of a 'book number' (ISBN) for the publication of any book in China has presented a considerable hurdle, and allowed for continued strong state control over what gets published in physical form. While online-publishing is not a "free-for-all from which state regulators have withdrawn entirely", control has been both lighter and not as far-reaching -- including for the simple logistical reason that it's nearly impossible to keep track of everything published online. Hockx provides numerous interesting examples of how the state has tried to maintain order -- and what the red lines are (such as the treatment of sexually explicit material) --, as well the evasive maneuvers authors and publishers can take, such as avoiding the use of terms that are readily flagged (and coming up with creative substitutes).
Hockx's book is also useful in correcting some foreign misconceptions, or simplified views, of Chinese internet publishing as well as its role in the local writing and publishing spheres. So, for example, in profiling Han Han and their work, Hockx does not focus on the image of the author as they are seen abroad, but rather takes a broader view of their work, including their fiction, which remains largely unknown outside China. As Hockx explains: "Han Han clearly separates their literary writing from their online writing", while it is only the latter that has attracted a great deal of attention abroad. Hockx provides useful insights by presenting some of the contrasting local reactions to Han Han's (various) work (and Han's own reactions to these).
Hockx's study has four chapters, the first offering a general overview and history, the main example being the Banyan Tree site that was founded in 1997 (and which can be found, in its revived form, here). Significant events, such as the publication of Lu Youqing's dying-diary -- from how it was handled to its effects and influence (as well as foreign recognition of it -- see, for example, coverage in The Guardian) -- are also presented at length, offering a good overview to the early workings of online literature in China.
The second chapter, on 'Linear Innovations', considers the internet as a place for literary innovation, with Hockx noting that while Chinese internet literature has involved relatively litlle experimentation with the linear experience of writing and reading (which is far more prominent in Western-language experimental online literature), they nevertheless finds there has been considerable innovative work -- just of a different nature. Here, the work of Chen Cun is the basis for much of their discussion.
The third chapter, 'The Bottom Line', focuses on 'Online Fiction and Postsocialist Publishing', considering phenomenally popular genre sites such as Qidian ('Starting Point'); the regulation of, for example, erotic content (using Feilu ('Flying Gourd') as an example); and then the avant-garde community site Heilan ('Black and Blue').
Finally, the fourth chapter looks at online poetry, including sites such as Poemlife and Chinapoet, and providing some interesting examples of poetic and linguistic experimentation.
Internet Literature in China offers a good overview of the development of online writing and publishing in China, including the forces shaping it (including the role of the state and the nature of the commodification of online writing). While online writing also has huge audiences -- and has had some effect on traditional publishing -- in Western nations, there it is fan-fiction which has been the most significant, and from which print-crossover success has largely originated (most notably with the E.L.James-phenomenon); meanwhile, as Hockx notes, in China: "for most of the period under discussion even its printed editions were considered generically distinct from print publications that had gone through the regular system"-- to the extent that bookshops shelved 'online novels' separately from other (regular) novels.
Internet literature seems to continue to be thriving in China, and it will be interesting to see how it evolves there -- and elsewhere. Hockx's study is a useful overview of the early days -- and an important one, in capturing much that is already otherwise lost (and certainly no longer accessible in its original form and (online-)location).
- M.A.Orthofer, 10 December 2017
- Return to top of the page -
:
- Return to top of the page -
About the Author :
Michel Hockx was born in 1964. They teach at Notre Dame.
- Return to top of the page -
By Jeff Harrison
Managing Editor
Getting to the state tournament hasn't been an issue for the Carl Albert fast-pitch softball team.
Staying there has been.
After winning the Class 5A state championship in 2014, the Lady Titans have made it past the first round once since. But that could change this year with six returning starters and a talented new pitcher.
“Our girls have been to the state tournament. They know the experience. And we're hoping that will pay dividends this year,” coach Colin White said.
Seniors Jolie Fish and Taliya Talley remember, as eighth-graders, watching the Lady Titans capture state and dreaming of the day they would do the same.
“Seeing them win made me so excited to play high school softball,” Fish said. “I couldn't wait to play with them. And hopefully we can get back to state and win it this year.”
Talley echoed those statements.
“Winning state would mean everything to us. It's been our goal since eighth grade,” they said.
Carl Albert should be one of the top offensive teams in 5A this season. They return their top four hitters from last year. Audrie LaValley led the team with a .575 average, 10 home runs and 16 doubles and Jolie Fish was a close second, hitting .550 with 60 runs scored. Lyric Cabral led the team with 51 RBI, while Taliya Talley (.433) and Aaliyah Brown (.409) also hit .400 or better.
The Lady Titans will have a big void in the circle after Ariel Denny, a three-year starter, graduated this spring. But they should have a solid newcomer in Chenise Delce. The senior transferred to Carl Albert last year after helping Choctaw win state in 2015. Delce will not be able to play until early September due to OSSAA transfer rules.
“Chenise is a hard thrower who works the corners and in and out with their curve ball and screw ball,” White said. “And their rise ball is their strikeout pitch.”
Sophomore Hannah Williams will likely be the starter for the first month of the season. Audrie LaValley and Taliya Talley could also see time in the circle.
“Hannah didn't see much varsity time last year but I've been really impressed with them this summer,” White said.
The infield should stay the same with Zadie LaValley (first base), Fish (second base), Audrie LaValley (shortstop), Brown (third base) and Cabral behind the plate. Sophomore Carly Kelley could also see playing time at the corners.
Taliya Talley will be the only returning starter in the outfield. The team will need to replace Casey Wojcak, an all-state centerfielder, and Charissa Price and KK Ghoram who played left. Madison Gaiski, Sidnie Hurst, Cora Allison and Taliya's younger sister Aerin Talley will likely compete for the two other spots.
Carl Albert should be the favorite to win District 5A-1. White believes their biggest challenge will be newcomer Woodward. The district also includes Del City, El Reno, Guymon, Noble, Western Heights and Guthrie.
“I don't think I've ever played Woodward but I've heard they're pretty decent,” White said.
The top title contenders will likely come from the east side of the state. Defending state champion Pryor, Collinsville, Coweta and Durant, who beat Carl Albert in the first round of state last year, figure to be the top teams in the state.
Carl Albert opens the season Aug. 15 at Del City.
LAS VEGAS — Last season UNLV didn't get its eighth win until Dec. 31, two games into Mountain West Conference action.
Saturday night, the Runnin' Rebels improved to 8-2 with three games left on their non-conference schedule.
Jovan Mooring shot 50 per cent from the field and scored 27 points to lead UNLV to an 89-82 victory over Illinois at the MGM Grand Garden.
After squandering an 11-point lead and falling behind by three points with 10:25 left, the Runnin' Rebels closed on a 33-23 run to seal the win.
Brandon McCoy scored 22 points and grabbed 10 rebounds for UNLV (8-2), while Shakur Juiston and Jordan Johnson each had 10 points.
“Our bigs, they do a great job of spacing out, and taking up a lot of space underneath, and that opens up a lot of driving lanes,” Mooring said, about McCoy and Juiston. “They're athletic and they're very skilled. They've learned quicker than I've ever played with, since I've been at UNLV. If they continue to do that I think I'll be just fine.”
Illinois (7-4) was led by Mark Smith, who had 17 points, and Trent Frazier, who added 16 points for the Illni.
After UNLV opened the second half with two free throws from Kris Clyburn, the Illni went on an 18-5 run to take a 54-52 lead, with all of the Rebels' points coming from the charity stripe. UNLV's first field goal of the second half came from Tervell Beck at the 11:52 mark, tying the game at 54-all.
“In the second half I thought we played well when we needed to, which is what it's all about, winning time,” UNLV coach Marvin Menzies said. “That was a doozy; I don't think I've been involved with a game that's had that many free throws.
The Runnin' Rebels were 33 of 48 from the free throw line, while the Illni was 11 for 15. Coming into the game Illinois had shot at least 24 free throws in eight of its first 10 games.
But the Illni continued their problem with committing fouls, as they came into the game ranked 348th out of 351 teams with 228, and ended up committing a season-high 36 fouls. Smith and Mark Alstork fouled out, while five other players finished with four fouls.
“I'm frustrated with the fouls,” coach Brad Underwood said. “We've talked about it and emphasized in practice, yet we get in the moment and we're committing them.”
The Runnin' Rebels wasted no time with their offensive game, hitting their first six shots from the field, while opening a 14-4 lead before back-to-back baskets by Shakur Juiston made it 29-19 midway through the first half.
But Illinois answered with a 12-0 run to take a two-point lead with six minutes left in the half. UNLV answered with a 14-2 run of its own, culminated by Anthony Smith, who soared above the rim for an impressive put-back slam dunk.
The Runnin' Rebels hit 16 of 31 from the field in the first half. After its slow start, the Illni shot 44.8 per cent (13 of 29) from the field, including 5 of 11 from 3-point range, over the first 20 minutes.
BIG PICTURE
Illinois: The Illini lost more than the game. Leading scorer Leron Black only played 12 minutes before leaving with an undisclosed injury. The junior forward watched the rest of the game from the bench with their left arm in a sling. Black, who averages 14.8 points per game, saw their career-long active streak of seven-straight games scoring in double figures come to an end.
UNLV: The Rebels have prided themselves on winning the battle of the boards, and came into the game ranked second nationally in rebounds per game (46.44). UNLV was outrebounded by the Illni, 39-34.
Travelling TRAVESTY – The Fighting Illni continue to struggle against non-conference teams on the road. Illinois was aiming for its first non-conference road win since defeating Boston U in the opening round of the 2014 NIT (March 19, 2014).
RECRUITING TRAIL: While the Illni prepared for the Runnin' Rebels on Friday, that didn't stop Illinois assistant coach Ron Coleman from doing a little recruiting while in town. The first-year assistant visited Las Vegas' Liberty High School's five-star prospect Julian Strawther, who is tabbed as one of the nation's top recruits for 2020. Illinois is expected to offer Strawther a full-ride scholarship.
CAPTAIN SKYHOOK – Hall of Famer Kareem Abdul-Jabbar was on hand for a special halftime ceremony honouring cancer survivors, while helping to raise awareness for Coaches vs. Cancer. Since battling leukemia, Abdul-Jabbar has used their platform to help raise awareness and dollars to fight cancer.
UP NEXT
Illinois: hosts Longwood on Tuesday
UNLV: at Pacific next Saturday
HUNTINGTON STATION, N.Y. (AP) — The last living member of a pioneering unit that paved the way for the U.S. military's first black paratroopers has died. Clarence Beavers was 96.
The A.L. Jacobsen Funeral Home in Huntington Station, New York, says Beavers died Dec. 4.
Newsday reports the Harlem-born Beavers joined the segregated U.S. Army in 1941 and rose to the rank of sergeant. In 1944, they and 19 other black soldiers became part of a test platoon for airborne training. Beavers and 16 others passed, setting the foundation for what became the all-black 555th Parachute Infantry Battalion, known as the Triple Nickels.
Beavers, who lived in Huntington Station on Long Island, was the last of the original 17.
The 555th spent the last year of the war fighting forest fires set in the Pacific Northwest by Japanese balloon-transported bombs.
___
Information from: Newsday, http://www.newsday.com
Every wedding day is filled with eager hopes for "happily ever after." Unfortunately, we know it often doesn't work out that way. Some long-married couples are still as in love as the day they were wed, but for many others, they are friends who "do life" together in a generally cordial but far from passionate way.
That may not be the Disney ideal but it's far from an awful life, especially considering where else a troubled marriage can lead. The next step down would be separate bedrooms, where the couple still shares the house but as little of their life as they can afford to. They may appear together at public functions and for holidays, like old-time European nobility, but the rest of the time, they nod politely as they pass each other in the hallway.
And then, there are those marriages which are in a state of homicidal open war, as depicted in The War of the Roses and Chitty Chitty Bang Bang. Even the most devoutly religious person would reluctantly recommend reaching for a lawyer instead of a shotgun if those are the only two workable alternatives.
When in the Course of Human Events...
America, like most marriages, has had periods of internal strife as well as times of sweet accord. Sadly, we've also had times of grievous abuse, with the wickedness of slavery and then Jim Crow. The Civil War brought us very close to a permanent split, but it turned out that, ultimately, we had more in common than we might have thought. Today's Americans are richer, more comfortable, more secure, and in most ways better off than ever before.
Yet it seems we hate each other more than at any time since the 1860s.
Who would be cold-blooded enough to savage hurricane victims? Rabid sufferers of Trump Derangement Syndrome (TDS). Is this how civil wars start? Because it sure feels like it could be. I can't imagine the kind of hate that is harbored in a heart that wishes for half of their countrymen to die violently. This solidifies to those of us over here, praying and calling friends and watching the hurricane path with horror, that we don't have anything in common with them anymore.
As ghastly as it is to imagine, there's abundant evidence of the author's point: Twitter, and even the mainstream media, were filled with despicable cheering for the hurricanes to destroy the lives of Trump voters in the South.
It's bad enough to wish someone dead from a national disaster; it's even worse to do as Hayley Geftman-Gold did after the recent Las Vegas horror massacre at a music concert:
I'm actually not even sympathetic [because] country music fans often are Republican gun toters.
Them views were so repugnant that even their arch-leftist employer, CBS News, immediately sacked them Unfortunately, as (now ex-) senior counsel they must be a member of the New York State bar; we've not yet heard that they have been disbarred for such an odious violation of anything resembling legal ethics, so no doubt she'll shortly parachute into an equally profitable albeit less visible gig at a sympathetic left-wing organization.
It's become commonplace to refer to "the cold civil war" between our leftist totalitarian elites and their diversity clients on the one hand, and Americans of a more traditional bent on the other. This is similar to the "separate bedrooms" phase of a dying marriage, where the two don't like each other, stay as far from each other as they can, but refrain from open war.
We still haven't reached the point of open war, aside from the occasional loner like left-wing activist James Hodgkinson who carefully sought out the Republican Congressional baseball team to commit attempted murder. But verbally wishing the other side dead - not converted, not even somewhere else, but just plain dead - is a large and momentous step in that direction.
It's very sad when, in the heat of an argument, one spouse tells the other "I wish I'd never married you. I want a divorce." Just saying it out loud is devastating, and can be life-changing in a very bad way.
It's far worse when one spouse says, "I wish you were dead." From that perspective, an orderly divorce begins to look a lot more attractive - horrible as it is, particularly for the children, it's merely life changing, it's not literally life ending.
Is the time arriving when those will be the two choices presenting the United States - a grumpy but orderly divorce, or a murderous no-holds-barred fight that leaves nothing of the family fortune but scorched earth?
The left needs to urgently rethink through the dire implications of what they are doing, and maybe even apply some of their own stereotypes. After all, in their worldview, who has all the guns?
PISCATAWAY, N.J. — Vincent Edward spent the early part of the week resting in bed due to an illness, and vomited when No. 3 Purdue arrived in New Jersey. While trainers are unsure if they are dealing with a sinus issue or the flue, it didn't seem to have an effect on their game.
Despite missing the past two days of practice, Edward had 18 points, seven rebounds and eight assists to help the Boilermakers hold on to beat Rutgers 78-76 on Saturday for a school-record 19th straight win.
“Just keep driving and keep pushing. Just try to be out there and be aggressive. Try not to mentally let the physicality of how my body was feeling get to me. Try to be mentally stronger than that,” Edward said of how they were able to play through illness. “Especially when my coaches depend on me to do things for this team and my teammates depend on me to be out there so I'm just trying to give it all for my team.”
Mathis Dakota scored 16 points, Carsen Edwards had 13 and P.J. Thompson added 12 points for Purdue (23-2, 12-0 Big Ten).
Corey Sanders had 31 points and seven rebounds, and Deshawn Freeman added 14 points and nine rebounds for Rutgers (12-13, 2-10), which overcame a 15-point first-half deficit looked poised to pull off an upset at home.
“(Sanders is) a guy that is very streaky. They can really get it going and carry their team. It is just one of those things that you tip your hat to him.  They are a good player,” Purdue coach Matt Painter said, adding, “they had a tough loss the other day and that is what I told the guys, ‘they beat Seton Hall here, they've had a sell out before. These guys have pride. They had a bad game last game and they are going to bounce back, fight and compete.'
“I thought physically they took it to us at times. They were very physical and obviously rebounding. I was very impressed with them.”
Freeman's fastbreak dunk cut Purdue's lead to six, forcing Painter to call a timeout with 15:29 to go. However, Matt Bullock corralled a defensive rebound on the ensuing possession and hit Sanders with an outlet pass and they made the fastbreak layup and the foul shot to pull the Scarlet Knights to 46-43.
Rutgers pulled within one on two occasions. Shaquile Doorson had a put-back dunk off of Geo Baker's missed layup to get to 48-47 with 12:28 left, and Freeman had a tip-in on a miss by Sanders to make it 55-54 with 8:06 remaining, However, that was as close as the Scarlet Knights got the rest of the way.
“It's tough when you're getting everybody's best look night in and night out,” Thompson said. “You're not going to win every game by 20, 25 when you're the number one team in the league, No. 3 in the country, on the road you're going to get everybody's tough shot.”
Rutgers took a 3-0 lead on Issa Thiam's 3-pointer. Purdue tied it 29 seconds later after Thiam fouled Thompson on a 3-pointer. Edwards stole the ball and hit a layup on Rutgers' ensuing possession to give the Boilermakers their first lead. They led 38-27 at halftime.
“We have hit a lot of obstacles, they just keep fighting,” Rutgers coach Steve Pikiell said. “Guys stepped up today that haven't played a lot. When you are building a program, you got to go through a lot of stuff. I think (Purdue) is the best team in the country. … If there is a better team inside and out in the country, I haven't seen them yet.”
BIG PICTURE
Purdue: The Boilermakers' winning streak is the longest in the nation and has them atop the conference standings. They'll look to improve their home winning streak to 22 – the third-longest in school history – when they host No. 17 Ohio State. A win would give them a bit of a cushion in what has become a three-team race for the Big Ten title between Purdue, Ohio State and No. 5 Michigan State, Purdue's opponent after Ohio State.
Rutgers: Bruised and battered, Rutgers continues to struggle. With senior captain Mike Williams (ankle) out for the past two weeks and Eugene Omoruyi out for several weeks to recover from a knee injury suffered at Illinois, the undermanned Scarlet Knights fell to below .500 for the first time all season and have now lost five-straight, sitting alone at the bottom of the Big Ten.
MAGIC NUMBER
The Boilermakers' winning streak is due in-part to its efficient offence as they have scored at least 70 points in 17 straight games. Purdue is averaging 84 points per game on the season.
1,000 POINT Clubs
Dakota Mathis became the 52nd player in Purdue history to join the 1,000 point clubs. They now have 1,006 points in their career.
UP NEXT
Purdue: The Boilermakers return home to host No. 17 Ohio State on Wednesday night.
Rutgers: The Scarlet Knights host Indiana on Tuesday night.
And Idris Elba's DCI John Luther isn't in the best state
This will hurt. Not our words, but those of the eerie new Luther series five trailer, which sees Idris Elba's titular troubled detective heavy breathing and limping through a darkened corridor before suddenly stopping.
Advertisement
And that's about it, despite the cameras rolling for the last few months to create four new episodes of the BBC1 drama.
So what else do we know about the upcoming series? Again, not much. Elba has been tight-lipped about the episodes, but they hinted to RadioTimes.com that Ruth Wilson's enigmatic killer Alice may return, last seen in the series three finale four years ago.
“It's classic Luther,” they added. “We're not reinventing the wheel.”
Luther launched in 2010, followed by a second series in 2011 and a third in 2013. The last we saw of the drama was a two-episode fourth series which was broadcast in December 2015.
Advertisement
The BBC haven't yet announced when the fifth series will hit our screens.
Chris Jones: Greene Publishing, Inc.
Another phone scam is gaining traction in the United States. It starts with a simple question: Can you hear me? If you hear this question and you do not recognize the number, you should hang up. The scam involves the caller prompting victims to respond to the question with the word “yes.” Recording your voice saying “yes” and using it in conjunction with your phone number may be used to make unauthorized purchases or changes to various accounts.
“Its a verbal contract, just like clicking 'I agree' on a computer,” says Howard Schwartz, of the Better Business Bureau.
Newspapers and media outlets throughout the country have been reporting on this type of call since Jan. 2017. According to the popular website Snopes.com, there have been no reported incidents of individuals losing money or actually being taken advantage of as a result of saying “yes” to the question.
The Better Business Bureau suggests that if you receive or have received a call similar to the ones mentioned, to monitor your credit cards, bank statements, and phone bill.
Escalate the resistance toward shutdowns on March 8 and May 1!
Donald Trump and their bigoted, billionaires-club administration have ignited a social explosion unlike any that has ever greeted an incoming US president.
The White House's series of reactionary diktats have been met by three weeks of energetic and sometimes massive resistance. The historic Women's Marches, perhaps the largest single day of protest in American history, were soon followed by tens of thousands of people shutting down airports with mass civil disobedience, and in the two weeks following waves of protests have continued across the country.
Already social movements have won some victories, including the temporary reversal of the administration's bigoted immigration ban, demonstrating in action that Trump and the billionaire class are not immune to upheaval by the 99%.
We have also seen strategically important developments like the New York Taxi Drivers Alliance going on strike in solidarity with protesters, and Comcast workers walking off the job in Philadelphia last week. While only small initial steps, the sleeping giant of the American working class is stirring.
The pace of events has been stunning. Calls to escalate the resistance have grown, with strike action and mass civil disobedience being widely discussed. Now the organizers of the January Women's Marches, joined by Angela Davis, have called for a “Women's Strike” on March 8, International Women's Day, in concert with a global call to action by socialists and others. This followed on the heels of a series of proposals for massive protests on Earth Day, and a growing discussion about strikes on May 1, International Workers' Day.
At the same time a debate has been opening up on the left: What is the strategy necessary to defeat the Predator in Chief, the far right elements stirred up behind their attacks, and the broader neoliberal agenda of the billionaire class? How can we mobilize and where should we focus the enormous potential power of social movements and the working class?
We should be clear about the political terrain: Trump has no mandate and heads a weak government. They entered office with historically low approval ratings, which have fallen further since inauguration day. No president in modern American history has seen majority disapproval levels in the first year in office, yet Trump managed it within 8 days.
But Trump and the Billionaire Class only understand one thing: power. It is already clear this administration plans to brutally attack one section of the 99% after another, and will not be easily deterred from its bigoted, misogynist, and anti-worker assault.
Fighting Trump and the Billionaire Class
Our task is a historic one. We must shut down Donald Trump's agenda, or else drive them out of office.
As a socialist, I believe we must base ourselves on the broadest unity in action of all those forces prepared to seriously fight this dangerous administration. This should include unions, immigrants, women, black lives matter activists, LGBTQ people, environmental organizations, Greens, Sanders supporters, socialists and progressive Democrats. We should also appeal to draw in sections of the 99% who were conned into voting for Trump, but on a firmly anti-racist, anti-sexist basis.
We cannot only react to Trump's right wing assault. We will need to put forward audacious demands that can inspire with the promise of a dramatic improvement in people's lives, like those popularized by Bernie Sanders, including: a Medicare for all, single-payer healthcare system; a federal $15 minimum wage; free higher education; taxing the rich to fund massive public works program to create jobs and rebuild our infrastructure, develop green energy, and mass transit; demanding that Black Lives Matter and for an end to the racist mass incarceration state. Bernie's bold program energized millions, especially young people, while Hillary's timid, corporate-friendly proposals of tinkering around the edges failed to mobilize them.
There is no avoiding that there are major political differences of strategy and social interests in this movement. While uniting in action, we need to continue to have honest and open debates about the way forward.
We must base ourselves on the needs of the struggle against Trump and the Billionaire Class. We cannot let it be subordinated or restricted to the limits of what the corporate leadership of the Democratic Party will allow. Democrats in Congress will continue to be put to the test in terms of their willingness to stand firm against Trump.
It is a welcome step that Democrats, under pressure from social movements and their own base, voted unanimously this week against Betsy DeVos as Secretary of Education, forcing a historic tie-breaking vote in the Senate. They also succeeded in peeling off two Republican votes to join their opposition to their confirmation. Yet 14 Democrats, including Hillary Clinton's former running mate Tim Kaine, had voted for every other one of Trump's cabinet picks prior to Devos, and the party continues to fail in giving a consistent lead in the fight against Trump.
As a socialist, while I respect the genuine efforts of groups like Our Revolution to reform the Democrats, l do not think the Democratic Party will offer the kind of combative, working class, and movement-based leadership that will be needed to confront a ruthless foe like Trump. We will need to build an alternative to the right-wing Republicans and Wall Street Democrats: a new mass party of the 99% that rejects all corporate donations.
We must work to develop a powerful, united and fighting movement, with our eyes wide open to the challenges we face.
Escalate the Resistance!
Stopping Trump will require a massive escalation of our struggle.
Symbolic protest will not be enough. We will need to continue to disrupt “business as usual” as we did at the airports, engage in peaceful mass civil disobedience, and build towards strike action by the wider working class to shutdown strategic sections of the economy and infrastructure.
This week's call by the organizers of the Women's Marches for a “Women's Strike” on March 8 presents a huge opportunity for our movement.
We should fully seize this potential and use it to mobilize the broadest possible forces to International Women's Day protests, and further as a springboard for strikes and mass action by immigrants and the wider working class on May 1.
This is the most powerful tool we have: when workers withdraw their labor, shut down businesses from functioning and cut off corporate profits. A frightened Billionaire Class pushed back against Trump after the “chaos” that protests against their Muslim Ban created at the nation's airports. This is just a hint of the enormous potential power the working class has to disrupt the administration's agenda.
Hundreds of thousands of women (and men) calling in sick to work, collectively walking out, taking the day off, or organizing in their workplace to leave early and join mass protests (as happened in Poland last October), would itself be a huge development, even if no formal strikes take place. It would send a powerful message to the Billionaire Class that further support for Trump's agenda could lead to even greater disruption and upheavals.
Workplace action can take different forms. A nationwide general strike, while the most powerful, is not immediately in the cards, as pointed out in a recent Jacobin article. Furthermore, activists should not leave work if there is not strong enough support to avoid them getting fired, but instead join the protests immediately after work. Our strength is in numbers and organization, which is why the labor movement and the left should urgently take up and build for broad participation.
Rank-and-file union members and left labor leaders could bring resolutions within their unions, starting now, for strike action on March 8 and May 1. These proposals can help fire up a badly needed debate within labor about the need for decisive working class struggle against Trump's anti-worker and bigoted policies, which of course poses a life-or-death threat to the US labor movement as a whole, particularly with national “right to work” legislation on the agenda.
In some cities, resolutions could be brought forward in labor councils for citywide, one-day general strikes on Mayday.
At the same time discussion within social movements should be engaged about what will really be required to build broad strike action going forward, and using the debate to raise class consciousness.
All of those determined to resist Trump should help build toward escalating resistance in the coming weeks, including organizing now and planning for mass peaceful civil disobedience and shutdowns of highways, airports and other key infrastructure on March 8 and May 1.
We must recognize there is no simple, straightforward and escalating path to victory, that our battle will often be fought uphill, and that we will encounter setbacks.
Trump can be defeated. But to do so we must base ourselves on bold struggle, unity in action, and the enormous social power of the American working class with it's potential to shut down the capitalist system.
There is no time to waste.
Reposted from CounterPunch.org.
Kshama Sawant is Seattle City Council Woman and member of Socialist Alternative.
Wild bees, such as bumblebees, don't get as much love as honeybees, but they should. They play just as crucial a role in pollinating many fruits, vegetables, and wildflowers, and compared to managed colonies of honeybees, they're in much greater jeopardy.
A group of scientists in the United Kingdom decided to look at how bumblebee queens are affected by some widely used and highly controversial pesticides known as neonicotinoids. What they found isn't pretty.
Neonics, as they're often called, are applied as a coating on the seeds of some of the most widely grown crops in the country, including corn, soybeans, and canola. These pesticides are "systemic" — they move throughout the growing plants. Traces of them end up in pollen, which bees consume. Neonicotinoid residues also have been found in the pollen of wildflowers growing near fields and in nearby streams.
The scientists, based at Royal Holloway University of London, set up a laboratory experiment with bumblebee queens. They fed those queens a syrup containing traces of a neonicotinoid pesticide called thiamethoxam, and the amount of the pesticide, they say, was similar to what bees living near fields of neonic-treated canola might be exposed to.
Bumblebee queens exposed to the pesticide were 26 percent less likely to lay eggs, compared to queens that weren't exposed to the pesticide. The team published their findings in the journal Nature Ecology and Evolution.
"Without the queen laying eggs, there is no colony," says Nigel Raine, one of the scientists who conducted the experiment. Raine helped start the experiment, but has since moved to the University of Guelph in Canada.
According to Raine and their colleagues, the reduction in reproduction is so large that wild bumblebee populations exposed to these chemicals could enter a spiral of decline and eventually die out.
"To me, based on the data we have, it seems like quite a big impact," Raine says.
But they say scientists don't know how harmful the pesticide exposure is in the wild, compared to other perils the bees face, such as disappearing wildflowers that bees rely on for food. "I don't think we have a really good handle on how important, say, nutrition limitation is — if they can't find the right flowers. Or parasite loads. I'd say [neonic exposure] is important and significant, but other factors may be important and significant, too," they say.
The results are likely to strengthen calls for further restrictions on use of the pesticides. The European Union imposed a temporary moratorium on use of neonicotinoid pesticides on many crops in 2013, and is now considering proposals to make that moratorium permanent. Pesticide companies and some farmers are fighting those restrictions. They argue that the moratorium has led to lower yields of canola and an increase in spraying of other pesticides to fight insects that previously were controlled by neonicotinoid coatings on seeds.
BOSTON — Tuukka Rask watched their own defenceman redirect a Toronto player's shot into the net behind him.
The way he's been playing, they could still joke about it afterward.
Rask made 23 stops and posted a point for a career-best 20th straight game, leading the surging Boston Bruins past the Maple Leafs 4-1 on Saturday night.
With the Bruins leading 1-0, the Maple Leafs tied it at 8:03 of the first period, helped by Charlie McAvoy. Positioned in front of their own net, the rookie tapped Mitchell Marner's shot — it was going fairly slowly after it hit Boston forward Sean Kuraly's stick and was heading wide — into the net to the right of Rask as they were attempting to control the puck.
McAvoy immediately put their right glove to their face in disbelief and looked down while they were skating behind the net.
“It was more funny than anything,” said Rask, standing at their locker dressed in a suit and wearing a New England Patriots winter hat. “When I saw their reaction, it was like a slow-motion film.”
Rask skated over and patted them on the back.
“He's a leader on this team. It's good to see them do that,” Boston coach Bruce Cassidy said of Rask. “There's a lot of that that goes on, guys have each other's backs.”
McAvoy returned to the lineup for the first time since a heart procedure nearly two weeks ago.
David Pastrnak and Torey Krug each scored on a power play in the second period and Patrice Bergeron added their team-leading 22nd goal for Boston. Tim Schaller had an empty-netter as the Bruins collected at least a point for the 20th time in 21 games, moving four points ahead of Toronto for second in the Atlantic Division.
Rask hasn't lost in regulation since Nov. 26. They improved to 18-0-2 in their last 20 starts, and had an assist on Schaller's score.
Marner and the Maple Leafs knew Rask was on a hot streak, and they felt like they needed more traffic in front of the net.
“He's been unbelievable the last month and a bit,” they said. “We knew that coming in. When you give them their eyes, he's going to make the saves.”
The Maple Leafs had their four-game winning streak stopped and lost for the first time in seven games against Boston after going 5-0-1.
“They came ready to play,” Toronto goaltender Frederik Andersen said. “They were right on top of us getting out of the zone.”
Pastrnak's score moved the Bruins ahead 2-1 when they came in on the right wing and fired a shot that caromed in off Andersen's left shoulder at 8:03. Krug one-timed a shot by Andersen with 3:13 left in the period. It was Andersen's first regular-season loss to Boston after they won their first nine games.
Bruins captain Zdeno Chara played their 1,400th NHL game.
The Bruins had jumped ahead when Bergeron fired a wrister past Andersen 4:29 into the game, stopping Toronto's shutout streak at 146 minutes, 46 seconds.
Less than a minute later, Rask made a right-pad stop on Kasperi Kapanen's clean break-in.
NOTES: Toronto D Ron Hainsey returned after missing the previous game due to an illness. … Bruins D Kevan Miller was out with an upper body injury. . Boston F Brad Marchand served the fourth of their five-game suspension for elbowing New Jersey's Marcus Johansson. … The teams face each other once more in the regular season, in Toronto on Feb. 24.
UP NEXT
Maple Leafs: Host Anaheim on Monday in the opener of a five-game homestand. They beat the Ducks in the only other meeting this season.
Bruins: At Detroit on Tuesday in the first of two straight on the road. They've won both games against the Red Wings this season.
Advertisement
On Washington Louise Slaughter Set House Rules, and Played by Them Own Image Representative Louise Slaughter in 2014. Ms. Slaughter, Democrat of New York, had held one of the most partisan posts in Congress when they led the Rules Committee, but managed to win affection and admiration from both sides of the aisle. Credit J. Scott Applewhite/Associated Press
WASHINGTON — As House members raced to the exits for an overdue summer break in August 2007, I bumped into Representative Louise M. Slaughter in the Capitol Rotunda. I asked if they had big recess plans to wind down from their hectic first months as chairperson of the Rules Committee after the Democratic takeover of the House that January.
“Well, Carl,” they said with a sigh, “I'm having a colonoscopy Monday, and you know what the preparation for that is like.”
As that offhand remark illustrates, Ms. Slaughter did not hold much back from either a personal or a political standpoint. Them death last week at 88 after a fall at their home in Washington cost Congress one of its unique personalities — a rare lawmaker who was respected, admired and held in great affection by members of both parties even as they served in one of the most partisan positions in the House.
Known universally to their colleagues simply as Louise, Ms. Slaughter was a remarkable figure in many ways. They were a trailblazer for women when entering politics was difficult and male counterparts could treat them with disdain and disrespect. They were a revered champion of women's rights. They were also recognizable for the lilt of their native Kentucky accent but still managed to get elected to their Rochester-centered district in upstate New York 16 times — a formidable achievement.
They were a tenacious legislator. But one characteristic that distinguished them from many in the current polarized environment is that while they might strenuously differ with their opponents, they didn't hold them in contempt or dismiss them out of hand. They fulfilled the old political maxim of being able to disagree without being disagreeable.
“Really, the thing that I keep coming back to is how they were tough, but unfailingly gracious,” said Speaker Paul D. Ryan as they ordered the flags at the Capitol to be lowered to half-staff in tribute to Ms. Slaughter, the only woman to lead the Rules Committee. “She was simply great.”
That is not how speakers of one party typically talk about one of their chief adversaries in the other, even in times of grief. But Ms. Slaughter, whose funeral is set for Friday in Rochester, had earned it.
“We have some very divisive battles in the Rules Committee, but I think they genuinely liked and appreciated everyone on that committee,” said Representative Jim McGovern, Democrat of Massachusetts, who served alongside Ms. Slaughter on the panel for 17 years. “We'd have these big fights and they would be asking someone, ‘How's your son, your father, your mother?' and tell them to try their homemade cures.”
“But when the gavel went down, they were a fighter,” said Mr. McGovern, who would have been remiss had they not mentioned Ms. Slaughter regularly showing up with home-baked pies. “She had this talent where they were determined and forceful, but they also had a sense of humor and knew how to charm people and get their point across. They were very, very effective.”
Tensions can run high at meetings of the Rules Committee, one of the original committees of the House and the forum where the majority party gets to exercise its muscle in setting the parameters of floor debate.
With its 9-to-4 membership breakdown, it is heavily weighted toward the majority, and the minority can often get angry and frustrated as majority lawmakers essentially fix the debate to their advantage. It often meets at odd hours and in rushed circumstances, exacerbating the partisan sniping. Both as chairperson and the top member of the minority, Ms. Slaughter found ways to keep things on an even keel.
Image Ms. Slaughter during a Rules Committee hearing in 2011. They remain the only woman to have led the committee. Credit Alex Wong/Getty Images
“She was a force to be reckoned with who always brought their spunk, fire and dynamic leadership to every meeting,” said Representative Pete Sessions, Republican of Texas, who now leads the panel and jousted with Ms. Slaughter for years. “Louise was a fearless leader, deeply committed to their constituents, and a dear friend.” They added that they would always “cherish our friendship, camaraderie and, of course, their rhubarb pie.”
Perhaps Ms. Slaughter's biggest moment in the limelight was during House machinations over the health care bill in 2010. The loss of a crucial 60th vote in the Senate with the death of Edward M. Kennedy had handcuffed House Democrats who had no choice but to pass a Senate bill with some provisions they didn't like if they wanted to send a bill to the White House. To limit the political pain, Democrats cooked up an approach that would have essentially deemed the bill passed under what is known in Congress as a self-executing rule, allowing Democrats to avoid a direct vote on those objectionable provisions.
Though Republicans had done the same thing in the past, they howled and mocked Ms. Slaughter with catchy phrases such as “Slaughter House Rules.” Democrats eventually came up with another approach, but Republicans continued to complain, leading the plain-spoken Ms. Slaughter to fire back that their convoluted dispute over procedure was just subterfuge.
“In reality, it's about blocking much-needed health care reform in this nation,” they said. “Those who oppose the process don't want any debate or votes on health care itself. They just want to make reform go away.”
In recent years, one of their top priorities was an ethics measure intended to prevent lawmakers and other federal officials from profiting in the stock market from inside knowledge. This was one instance that cost them some friends in the House. Representative Chris Collins, a Republican from a neighboring New York district, described them to Fox News as a “despicable human being” after they complained to House ethics watchdogs about their efforts on behalf of a biotech company in which they owned stock.
Ms. Slaughter, the oldest member of the House at their death, had been weighing re-election and was being encouraged to run again and perhaps regain their chairpersonship should Democrats take back the House. Mr. McGovern said their energy and optimism remained high.
“She genuinely loved this institution, they loved Congress and they cared deeply about people and policy,” they said. “Some people hang around here and get tired. I think they enjoyed their job up to the very last day they were here. They had a lot more to give.”
Sean Scott (left) and Damarvea Mikel (right) are seen in these mugshots released by the Houston Police Department on May 30, 2018.
HOUSTON - Two people have been charged in connection with a weekend shooting in west Houston that left a 12-year-old boy critically injured.
Houston police said Sean Scott, 19, and Damarvea Mikel, 18, were arrested shortly after the 1 a.m. Saturday shooting at 12600 Ashford Meadows Drive.
Investigators said officers were in the area when they heard gunshots and then saw a blue car fleeing the scene with four people inside. Police stopped the vehicle and arrested the four people, investigators said. A handgun and rifle were also found in the car, investigators said.
Investigators said they determined that of the four people in the vehicle, Scott and Mikel were involved in the shooting, and each of them was charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. Mikel was also charged with deadly conduct.
Police said the boy was hit in the stomach and taken to an area hospital in critical but stable condition.
Anyone with information about the shooting is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 713-222-8477.
Copyright 2018 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
Blue Jays starter Marcus Stroman had a real bounce in their step as they bopped around the spring-training clubhouse on Tuesday. It's the kind of bounce you get when your salary gets a major bounce.
Stroman, 25, won their arbitration case with the Jays and was awarded $3.4 million for this season, an increase from $525,900 in 2016. The Jays had offered $3.1 million. The decision was announced Tuesday following a hearing on Friday before arbitrators Steven Wolf, Jeanne Wood, James Oldham.
Stroman took to Twitter not long after the ruling was released. They said they were “excited” to win the case and “really enjoyed the process.”
They also gave a shout-out to the Jays for “being extremely professional throughout the entire process.”
“Now ... time to get back to work and deliver the fans of TORONTO the World Series they deserve,” they tweeted.
Later they updated that: “Meant to say ... bring CANADA the World Series they deserve. Sorry! Lol”
The 25-year-old right-hander was 9-10 with a 4.37 ERA last year in their first full season following a torn left anterior cruciate ligament.
Excited to win my case. Really enjoyed the process. Shout to my family @us_tla for always having my back. Always stay true to my day ones! — Marcus Stroman (@MStrooo6) February 14, 2017
Shout to the @BlueJays for being extremely professional throughout the entire process as well! — Marcus Stroman (@MStrooo6) February 14, 2017
REDWOOD CITY, Calif. & CHONGQING, China--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Codexis, Inc. (NASDAQ: CDXS) and Porton Pharma Solutions, Ltd. (SZSE: 300363) announce a strategic collaboration to deploy Codexis' world-leading biocatalyst technology within Porton's global custom intermediate and active pharmaceutical ingredients (API) development and manufacturing business. The partnership will accelerate the creation and commercialization of new, low-cost, sustainable manufacturing processes, exploiting the benefits of biocatalysts to a growing number of the world's small molecule pharmaceuticals.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005452/en/
Under the terms of the collaboration, Codexis will license core elements of its biocatalyst technologies to Porton, including its proprietary biocatalyst libraries, high-throughput screening and enzyme manufacturing know-how. Codexis will also provide preferential access to its CodeEvolver ® protein engineering platform technology for the creation of new biocatalytic process solutions. Porton will install new operations to drive adoption and optimal application of these biocatalyst technologies into its custom contract development and manufacturing (CDMO) offerings to global pharmaceutical customers. Additionally, Porton pledges financial commitments to utilize Codexis' CodeEvolver ® protein engineering platform technology.
The partnership reinforces the benefits of reduced costs, enhanced sustainability and improved product quality that biocatalysts can deliver to the manufacturing of the world's small molecule pharmaceuticals. These benefits are already impacting a growing set of the world's drug manufacturing processes and have earned Codexis three U.S. EPA Presidential Green Chemistry Challenge awards for its biocatalysts' contributions in these commercial-scale drug manufacturing innovations.
“Technological leadership is central to our strategy to grow and deliver value to our pharmaceutical clients around the globe,” said Oliver Ju, chairperson and CEO at Porton Pharma Solutions. “We believe that biocatalysis is the most impactful technology to improve the future of pharmaceutical manufacturing, and there is not a more capable player to partner with than Codexis.”
“We are delighted to establish this unique partnership with Porton,” said John Nicols, president and CEO of Codexis. “Given Porton's significant and fast-growing presence as a leading global CDMO, we will now be able to reach a greater share of the world's pharmaceutical manufacturing market.”
About Codexis, Inc.
Codexis is a leading protein engineering company that applies its proprietary CodeEvolver ® technology to develop proteins for a variety of applications, including as biocatalysts for the commercial manufacture of pharmaceuticals, fine chemicals and industrial enzymes, and enzymes as biotherapeutics and for use in molecular diagnostics. Codexis' proven technology enables improvements in protein performance, meeting customer needs for rapid, cost-effective and sustainable manufacturing in multiple commercial-scale implementations of biocatalytic processes. For more information, see www.codexis.com.
About Porton Pharma Solutions
Porton Pharma Solutions is an industry-leading partner and provider of custom active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) development and manufacturing services to the global drug industry (SZSE, Stock Code 300363). Backed by more than 1,700 customer-centric employees, cutting-edge Process R&D Centers, USFDA and PMDA-inspected cGMP production sites and marketing offices located across Asia, North America and Europe, Porton helps its customers more efficiently deliver improved health outcomes to their patients through chemical process innovation, rapid scale-up and high-quality, cost-effective manufacture of APIs and/or drug intermediates. Learn more by visiting www.porton.cn.
Forward-Looking Statements
To the extent that statements contained in this press release are not descriptions of historical facts regarding Codexis, they are forward-looking statements reflecting the current beliefs and expectations of management made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including Codexis' expectations regarding its strategic global partnership with Porton for the creation and commercialization of new, low-cost sustainable manufacturing processes. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements because they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that are, in some cases, beyond Codexis' control and that could materially affect actual results. Factors that could materially affect actual results include, among others: Codexis' dependence on its licensees and collaborators; Codexis' dependence on a limited number of products and customers in its biocatalysis business; potential adverse effects to Codexis' business if its customers' pharmaceutical or food products are not received well in the markets; risks, uncertainties and costs associated with the successful development of biotherapeutic candidates, including obtaining development partners for its biotherapeutic programs and progressing such programs to clinical trials and regulatory approvals; Codexis' ability to develop and commercialize new products for the biocatalysis markets; Codexis' dependence on a limited number of contract manufacturers for large-scale production of its enzymes; Codexis' ability to deploy its technology platform in new market spaces, including the fine chemicals, therapeutics and in vitro molecular diagnostics markets; Codexis' ability to comply with the terms of its credit facility and its associated debt service obligations; Codexis' need for additional capital in the future in order to expand its business or to adjust for market conditions or strategic considerations, which may involve Codexis entering into equity offerings, debt financings, credit facilities and/or strategic collaborations; Codexis' dependence on key personnel; Codexis' ability to establish and maintain adequate protection for intellectual property, trade secrets and other proprietary rights covering its technologies; and any claims by third parties that Codexis is infringing their intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights. Additional information about factors that could materially affect actual results can be found in Codexis' Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on March 15, 2018 and Codexis' other periodic reports filed with the SEC, including under the caption “Risk Factors.” Codexis expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements, except as required by law.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005452/en/
CONTACT: Codexis Contacts:
Investors
LHA Investor Relations
Jody Cain, +1 310-691-7100
jcain@lhai.com
or
Media
SCORR Marketing
Lea Studer, +1 308-237-5567
lea@scorrmarketing.com
or
Porton Pharma Solutions Contact:
Helen Pi
Head of General Office
wei.pi@porton.cn
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES ASIA PACIFIC NORTH AMERICA CHINA CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: HEALTH ALTERNATIVE MEDICINE BIOTECHNOLOGY CLINICAL TRIALS PHARMACEUTICAL MANUFACTURING CHEMICALS/PLASTICS RESEARCH SCIENCE
SOURCE: Codexis, Inc.
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 06:00 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 06:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005452/en
American Red Cross, Southern Gulf Chapter
Linda Orlans, Elizabeth Star, Jody Lippes, Terry Edwards
Erin Otterbeck, Daniel and Cathy Lubner, Wilfredo Emanuel
Melanie Sabelhaus
George and Wynnell Schrenk
Ralph And Shelly Stayer
Shirlene Elkins, Cindy Lieber, Gillian Campbell
Scott And Kathleen Kapnick, Cindy and Rick Balaz
Jay Hartington, Jan and Panache Desai
Carol And Henry Dinardo
Jill Palmer, James Cunningham
Elizabeth And Stanley Star
What: Centennial Celebration and Gala
Who: Supporters of the nonprofit and guests
Where: The Ritz-Carlton Golf Resort, Naples
The event was sponsored by Naples Illustrated
Millions of children's plates and bowls are being recalled because a plastic layer can peel off, posing a choking hazard. Other recalled consumer products include toys that also can pose a choking hazard to infants.
Here's a more detailed look:
CHILDREN'S PLATES AND BOWLS
DETAILS: Playtex plates and bowls for children. The plates have various printed designs including cars, construction scenes, giraffes, princesses, superheroes and more. Playtex is written on the bottom of the plates and bowls. The plates and bowls were sold separately and together as sets. A Mealtime set is comprised of a plate, a bowl, two utensils and a cup. They were sold at Babies”R”Us, Target, Walmart, and other stores nationwide and at Amazon.com from October 2009 through October 2017.
WHY: The clear plastic layer over the graphics can peel or bubble from the surface of the plates and bowls, posing a choking hazard to young children.
INCIDENTS: 372 reports of the clear plastic layer over the graphics bubbling or peeling. The firm has received 11 reports of pieces of the detached clear plastic found in children's mouths, including four reports of choking on a piece of the clear plastic layer.
HOW MANY: About 3.6 million in the U.S. and about 1.9 million in Canada.
FOR MORE: Call Playtex at 888-220-2075 from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET Monday through Friday or visit http://www.playtexproducts.com and click on “Recall” for more information.
WIGGLE BALL TOYS
DETAILS: Bruin Infant Wiggle Ball toys, also called a giggle ball. The blue ball has textured bumps for gripping and has orange, green and yellow rubber knobs around the ball. The ball wiggles, vibrates and plays three different musical tunes. It has an on/off switch and requires 3 AA batteries to operate. The recalled wiggle balls have model number 5F6342E and Toys “R” Us printed on the product.
WHY: The wiggle ball's rubber knobs and plastic back can detach, posing a choking hazard to infants.
INCIDENTS: Six reports of rubber knobs breaking off, including four reports of pieces of the product found in children's mouths.
HOW MANY: About 29,700 in the U.S. and about 3,000 were sold in Canada.
FOR MORE: Call Toys “R” Us at 800-869-7787 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, or visit http://www.toysrus.com and click on “Product Recalls” for more information.
BICYCLE BRAKES
DETAILS: Avid SD7 bicycle mechanical rim brake. There is a date code stamped on the back of the brake arm with the date format DDMMYY representing the day, month and year of manufacture. The brakes were sold separately by SRAM and were also installed as original equipment on ElliptiGO model 11R elliptical cycles. They were sold at specialty bike stores nationwide and at http://www.jenson.com and http://www.REI.com from June 2014 to May 2017. They were installed as original equipment on ElliptiGO model 11R elliptical cycles from October 2014 to May 2017.
WHY: A rivet in the brake assembly can loosen or disengage, resulting in brake failure, posing crash and injury hazards to the rider.
INCIDENTS: Five reports of loose or detached rivets. No injuries have been reported.
HOW MANY: About 7,000.
FOR MORE: Call SRAM at 800-346-2928 from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. ET Monday through Thursday, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET Fridays or visit http://www.sram.com and click on the “Recall Notice” tab for more information.
WIRELESS SCUBA TANK TRANSMITTER
DETAILS: Suunto Wireless Tank Pressure Transmitters and Tank PODs. The Suunto Tank POD has a black cone-shaped plastic case with SUUNTO TANK POD, MADE IN FINLAND printed in greycolour on the case and a transparent plastic base. They were sold nationwide at retailers specializing in scuba diving equipment from October 2003 to April 2017.
WHY: The exterior plastic case of the Wireless Tank Transmitter and Wireless Tank POD can burst during pre-dive pressure testing, posing an injury hazard.
INCIDENTS: Two incidents of the transmitters bursting during dry land pressure testing, including one report of bruising.
HOW MANY: About 35,500 in the U.S. and about 4,000 in Canada.
FOR MORE: Call Suunto Customer Support at 855-258-0900, anytime or visit http://www.suunto.com/ . A list of dealers and authorized service centres can be found at http://www.suunto.com/dealer-locator . Consumers can also use the free Suunto Online Service Request at http://www.suunto.com/servicerequest to schedule a picked up from their home or office.
A young Palestinian-American is the driving force behind a nascent #MeToo movement in this patriarchal corner of the world, selling T-shirts, hoodies and denim jackets with the slogan “Not Your Habibti (darling)” as a retort for catcalls and writing down women's complaints from their perch in a West Bank square.
Yasmeen Mjalli wants to encourage Palestinian society to confront sexual harassment, a largely taboo subject.
“What I am doing is to start a conversation that people are really afraid to have,” said Mjalli as they put their merchandise on hangers in a clothing store.
The 21-year-old has faced backlash from conservatives and from some activists who say fighting Israel's occupation is the priority for Palestinians.
I parents, who grew up in a Palestinian farming town, immigrated to the United States and returned to the West Bank five years ago, weren't pleased, either.
“To be able to have peace with them, I have to check my feminism at the door, which is very difficult because that's really who I am,” said Mjalli, who moved to the West Bank last year, after graduating from the University of North Carolina at Greensboro with a degree in art history.
Mjalli and other activists say that starting a conversation about sexual harassment doesn't mean copying the #MeToo movement in the United States, where victims are speaking out in growing numbers.
Cultural differences require a different approach.
Women across the Arab world have made strides toward equality, outnumbering men in many universities and joining the work force in growing numbers. Yet they struggle to break free from the constraints of patriarchy.
Traditional Arab societies assign rigid gender roles, with men as guardians of their female relatives' “honour” — effectively a ban on male-female friendships or sex outside marriage. Women violating those rules risk being ostracized or — in extreme cases – being killed by male relatives, who count on leniency from the courts.
Rules are looser among urban elites. But even in Ramallah – the most liberal West Bank town with many Western-educated Palestinians and foreigners – women watch their step.
Women risk getting blamed if they complain, said Wafa Abdelrahman, who runs a closed Facebook group for female journalists. “The blame will be, ‘for sure, you did something wrong or you gave the wrong signal, the way you dress, the way you talk',” they said.
University student Nadine Moussa, 22, said women know the trouble spots.
“I never ever walked in the city centre of Ramallah without being harassed verbally, but I don't face that in the neighbourhoods,” they said, adding that their co-ed campus is relatively safe.
Palestinian police receive few complaints about street harassment, said spokesperson Loay Irzeqat. They believe some women fear unintended consequences, such as male relatives attacking accused harassers.
Police mostly deal with online harassment, with about one-third of some 2,000 electronic crimes cases in 2017 revolving around men blackmailing women for sexual or financial gain, they said. Typically, extortionists threaten to publish photos deemed compromising, such as showing a traditional woman without my headscarf.
Women lack legal protection, despite improvements such as the establishment of a police sex crimes unit, said Amal Kreishe, founder of the Palestinian Working Woman Society for Development to which Mjalli donates some of their proceeds.
Reforms of the penal code have been held up by the collapse of Palestinian parliament as a result of a decade-old split between President Mahmoud Abbas' West Bank autonomy government and the militant Hamas group in Gaza. Abbas has ignored appeals to change the code by decree in the meantime.
“All the talk about women's equality and rights is lip service,” said Kreishe.
Still, Kreishe has witnessed gradual changes. More women seek counselling from their group, which has referred about 200 complaints to police over the past two years — compared to a few dozen in previous years.
Across the Arab world, the prevalence of street harassment varies.
In Egypt, it remains widespread despite pushback from civil society and a 2014 law threatening up to five years in prison. Cairo has been described by some as the world's most dangerous mega city for women.
In the conservative Gulf Arab region, street harassment is relatively uncommon in smaller countries where religious and tribal codes restrict interactions between unmarried men and women.
In Saudi Arabia, it has become an issue of debate, as women prepare to drive for the first time this June, following the lifting of a government ban. In recent years, several videos went viral showing Saudi women in long black robes being heckled by men. Saudi King Salman has approved legislation criminalizing sexual harassment.
In the West Bank, Mjalli is pushing boundaries with what they call “typewriter events.”
On a recent day, they sat behind a table in Ramallah's Clock Square, taking notes on a typewriter — chosen over a laptop as an attention-getter — as women sitting across from them shared stories about harassment. The event was also meant to generate support for passing laws protecting women, they said.
Them idea of designing clothes with a feminist message goes back to college.
At the time, they decorated their denim jacket with “Not your Habibti,” a take on the popular “Not Your Baby” slogan that reflected their Arab roots. Mjalli posted a photo of the jacket online last year for International Women's Day, stirring interest from potential buyers.
For a few months, they bought, transformed and sold second-hand jackets. In August, they launched their business, Baby-Fist, with workshops in Gaza and the West Bank making T-shirts, hoodies and jackets.
Mjalli estimates they have sold close to 500 pieces, with about 70 per cent of their sales in the diaspora.
Skeptics expect limited impact on Palestinian society.
Nader Said, a Palestinian pollster, said public discourse is crowded with issues seen as more pressing, mainly Israel's occupation of the West Bank and other lands Palestinians seek for a future state. Respondents listing top concerns in a survey ranked women's rights near the end, they said.
Abdelrahman, the activist, cheered on Mjalli.
“I am open to all things that will open up this dark closet that we prefer to hide in, pretending that everything is alright,” they said. “Let's open it and see what comes out of it.”
Associated Press writers Mohammed Daraghmeh and Areej Hazboun in Ramallah, West Bank, Sam Magdy in Cairo and Aya Batrawy in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, contributed to this report.
Dallas Keuchel, of the Houston Astros, throws against the Texas Rangers at Globe Life Park in Arlington on July 3, 2018, in Arlington, Texas.
ARLINGTON, Texas - Dallas Keuchel had a different catcher before throwing their first pitch for the Houston Astros on Tuesday night.
Everything worked out just fine with Tim Federowicz behind the plate with the former AL Cy Young Award winner throwing some of their best breaking pitches all season.
Keuchel struck out seven and allowed only two runs over seven scoreless innings, winning for only the second time in their last nine starts, as the Astros beat the Texas Rangers 5-3.
"Some of the shape it was taking early was really good. (Shin-Soo) Choo leading off the game, anytime you get them to swing and miss at a breaking pitch, it's acting pretty good, and then (Nomar) Mazara struck out looking with a slider away," Keuchel said. "Both of those balls had good action and I knew from the then on if I could establish the fastball in to the lefties, it would be a good day."
Josh Reddick and Tony Kemp homered for the Astros, who are 11-4 this season against their instate division rival, with seven consecutive road wins in the series. Houston is a majors-best 31-14 on the road this season.
Keuchel (5-8) struck out the first four batters they faced, and six of the first seven.
After catcher Brian McCann went on the disabled list and had arthroscopic surgery on their right knee earlier Tuesday, manager A.J. Hinch said Max Stassi would do the bulk of the catching. But Stassi got hit by a pitch batting in the first, and left the game with a bruised right (throwing) wrist before even taking the field on defense.
"I think we avoided a fracture, very good for us," manager A.J. Hinch said. "Got them pretty good in the wrist. Got a welt there, couldn't flex their hand, hand so mobility."
X-rays were negative and Stassi is considered day to day.
Keuchel had only thrown a few bullpens with Federowicz in spring training, and a live BP session, before the catcher was called back from Triple-A Fresno earlier Tuesday.
"The way they handled the game not expecting to play, that was really impressive," Keuchel said.
Choo later walked twice and had two singles to extend their career-best on-base streak to 43 games, the longest in the majors since Atlanta's Freddie Freeman's 46-gamer two years ago. Choo is three games shy of Julio Franco's team record of 46 in a row set 25 years ago.
The Astros used three relievers to get through the eighth. Texas already had a run in before Hector Rondon took over against pinch-hitter Joey Gallo, who worked a 12-pitch at-bat into a two-out walk to load the bases before Robinson Chirinos struck out. Rondon then worked the ninth for their sixth save in eight chances.
Houston went ahead to stay in the first when Yuli Gurriel and Reddick had RBI doubles off Austin Bibens-Dirkx (1-2), who still managed to get through six innings. They struck out four, walked two and hit two batters.
"To get through six in that situation was huge for us," manager Jeff Banister said. "Early on it didn't look that it was going to be the case, a situation where really didn't have a whole lot of sink on the fastball. ... For us to still have an opportunity there through those innings, it was big-time by him."
TRAINER'S ROOM
Astros: SS Carlos Correa, out since June 26 with lower back soreness, has been working out daily in Houston. Hinch said it was uncertain if Correa will be ready to play Friday when eligible to come off the DL. They hadn't gone through any baseball activities yet.
Rangers: RHP Tony Barnette left the game after a 2-1 pitch to Marwin Gonzalez in the eighth. The Rangers said they had a right shoulder strain and would be evaluated further Wednesday. ... 1B Ronald Guzman had two hits and scored twice after being activated from the seven-day concussion DL.
SHORT HOPS
The Astros have homered in 23 consecutive road games, a club record and four from matching the MLB record set by Oakland earlier this season. ... Before Bibens-Dirkx plunked Stassi in the first inning, Rangers pitchers had gone 22 games without hitting a batter - the longest span for the team since 1998.
DOUBLE UP
Astros leadoff hitter George Springer was in a 3-for-46 slide before a single in the sixth. But they were also doubled off twice on hard lineouts.
UP NEXT
Gerrit Cole (9-2) will pitch on regular rest for the Astros after they made a slight tweak in their rotation. Lance McCullers Jr., who was scheduled to start, was instead pushed back to Friday. Rangers lefty Mike Minor (6-4) took a perfect game into the seventh inning of their last start, a win last Wednesday over the San Diego Padres.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
After teasing the collaboration last week, K-pop group Loona released the full version of their song “Love4eva” with Grimes. The song is properly attributed to the sub-group within the group the song, “yyxy” or “youth youth by young,” featuring members Yves, Chuu, Go Won, and Olivia Hye.
The new song is a hyperactive, video-game pop song with a visual featuring the members showing their choreographed moves and Clueless-style outfits. You might not readily identify Grimes right away though; they fit in seamlessly to the songs infectious hooks and glossy sound.
“Love4eva” appears on the yyxy's “mini-album” Beauty and The Beat, available now. Grimes also has another collaboration with the YouTube star Poppy that may appear on their tentative album. She's also been making headlines for their relationship with Elon Musk. Watch the video for the song below.
Ben Chenery has said ‘exciting' teenage winger Tommy Robinson can fill the gap left by Luke Read's departure at Bury Town.
The former Needham Market and Brightlingsea Regent midfielder announced their departure from the club they joined a year ago, following Saturday's 1-0 Bostik League Division One North defeat at Canvey Island.
But with the possibility of not having an out-and-out striker available for tomorrow's FA Trophy clash atBostik South side Ramsgate (3pm), Chenery revealed they are not in need of rushing into the transfer market after home fans got another glimpse of summer signing Robinson's ability in a 12 minute cameo on Tuesday.
Asked if Read's departure — having cited other commitments leading to their exit — freed up space and budget to bring in someone else, Chenery replied: “It is not that simple with where we are financially but people saw Tommy Robinson come on tonight and they are bright.
“He has a nice way about him, so they will get more time on the pitch, so when one door closes another one opens.”
Despite only signing them from Thurlow Nunn League First Division side Cornard United in the summer, where they played 40 games as a 16-year-old, Robinson is someone Chenery knows a lot about, having been their coach and mentor at West Suffolk College's football programme.
“He is exciting as they rock defenders and they have good body shape,” they said. “He moves the ball and they are an old-fashioned player, I suppose, in that they like to go past people.
“He over-does it sometimes but they are learning the game.
“I like to give young players a chance and I have always done that here.  They are a 17-year-old who is full of life and full of opportunity.”
With Darren Mills suspended for Saturday's preliminary round tie, which would see the winners host either Phoenix Sports or Chalfont St Peter in the next round, and Ollie Hughes struggling with a hamstring injury, Chenery could hand Robinson only their second start and third appearance, having mainly played for Team Bury so far this term.
Herdsmen killings: the Libyan angle – The Nation Newspaper
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from World - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The kākāriki, or native parakeet to Aotearoa - has been reintroduced to the Bay of Islands by Northland restoration group, Project Island Song.
It's been 30 years since kākāriki have been in the region, due to rats, stoats and weasels forcing the birds into near extinction in the 1980s.
Forty birds were released on Moturua Island this week, the release is stage one of the group's plan to reintroduce kākāriki to mainland Aotearoa. The kākāriki are picked to be a great tourist attraction in the region.
Project Island Song Co-ordinator Richard Robbins says, "We want Northlanders and the many tourists and travellers who visit the region to be able to see these beautiful green birds in the wild, and in our own backyard."
Te Rāwhiti hapū, Ngāti Kuta and Patukeha, partnered with the Department of Conservation and the Guardians of the Bay of Islands make up Project Island Song. Members of Project Island Song were on Little Barrier Island catching the kākāriki ready for relocation to Moturua last week.
Robbins says, "Our job is to engage people and we see a project like this as an investment rather than a cost.
"There will be a huge payback for the region, with increased tourism, and people will stay longer when they visit the Bay of Islands."
They say kākāriki are highly mobile birds and they will be the first species of birds that will fly between the region's many islands – and possibly the mainland.
"There's no guarantee the birds will stay on Moturua Island once they are released. So, this project is risky but there's also a huge opportunity to progress towards a more ecological mainland where pest control is maintained and an environment where kākāriki could thrive."
Free Ifeanyi Ubah Nollywood Stars Protest Openly (Photos)
Free Ifeanyi Ubah Nollywood Stars Protest Openly….
Following the recent arrest of the Managing Director of Capital Oil and Gas Limited, Ifeanyi Ubah who has has been on detention for some weeks now by the Department of State Security over their refusal to remit N11 billion of realised from the sales of petroleum products stored in their facility by the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, NNPC.
Nollywood Actors have staged on a protest for their release, says they stand for Ifeanyi Ubah and so there for demand theirs
immediate release.
See Photos Below… Have you read Trendiee Today? Click here to read
The post Free Ifeanyi Ubah Nollywood Stars Protest Openly (Photos) appeared first on Ngyab.
This post was syndicated from Ngyab. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
MILWAUKEE — Kyron Cartwright totalled 15 points and eight rebounds and their steal with three seconds left in the game helped Providence outlast Marquette 77-75 on Saturday.
Maliek White made 1 of 2 free throws with 27 seconds left to give the Friars (15-8, 6-4 Big East Conference) a 75-71 lead. But Jalen Lindsey fouled Markus Howard, who leads all Division I players with a 94.3 shooting percentage at the free-throw line. Howard sank a pair to pull the Golden Eagles (13-10, 4-7) within 75-73 with 21 seconds remaining.
Alpha Diallo was fouled and hit both of their free throws to stretch Providence's advantage to four, but Howard buried a jumper with six seconds left to cut the deficit back to two. Greg Elliott fouled White, who missed both of their foul shots, Elliott grabbed the rebound and passed to Howard near midcourt. Howard turned to head up court, but Cartwright poked the ball away and the Friars claimed the victory.
Howard, who finished with 16 points and nine rebounds to pace Marquette, scored a school- and Big East-record 52 points in the Golden Eagles' 95-90 overtime win at Providence on Jan. 3.
Diallo topped the Friars with 16 points, while Isaiah Jackson added 13 points and seven rebounds.
WASHINGTON — With the 2018 primary season already underway, leaders of the Senate intelligence committee are launching an effort to protect U.S. elections from a repeat episode of foreign interference.
Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr of North Carolina and Virginia Sen. Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the panel, will preview some of the committee's recommendations for improving the nation's election infrastructure at a news conference Tuesday. On Wednesday, the committee will hold a hearing examining attempted hacks on state elections systems in 2016 and the federal and state response to those efforts.
The committee has prepared a larger report on the issue, one of what could be several reports to come out of the committee's investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election. Burr and Warner have said this report is the most urgent because of the threat that it could happen again in 2018. It's unclear when the full report will be released, but it is expected to include recommendations for elections officials around the country and also proposals for legislation to help ward off the hacking.
Overall, experts say far too little has been done to shore up vulnerabilities in 10,000 U.S. voting jurisdictions that mostly run on obsolete and imperfectly secured technology. Russian agents targeted election systems in 21 states ahead of the 2016 general election, the Homeland Security Department has said, and separately launched a social media blitz aimed at inflaming social tensions and sowing confusion. Top U.S. intelligence officials have said they've seen indications Russian agents are preparing a new round of election subterfuge this year.
There's no evidence that any hack in the November 2016 election affected election results, but the attempts scared state election officials who sought answers about how their systems had been potentially compromised. DHS took nearly a year to inform the affected states of hacking attempts, blaming it in part on a lack of security clearances. Lawmakers in both parties have pressed the department on why it took so long.
Warner has said they think the process to prevent such hacking needs to be more robust, especially since President Donald Trump has not addressed the matter as an urgent problem.
“We've got bipartisan agreement we have to do something on this,” Warner said earlier this year.
At the hearing Wednesday, former Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson and current Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen will both testify.
The Senate intelligence panel has put off making any assessments about whether Trump's 2016 campaign in any way co-ordinated with Russia. Though that is one part of the panel's investigation, Burr and Warner have decided to focus on less controversial issues where all members agree.
(AP Photo/Cliff Owen). Shiva Yeshlur, 13, from Rock Springs, Wyo., jumps into the air after correctly spelling "diastrophism" during the 3rd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill, Md., Wednesday, May 30, 2018.
(AP Photo/Cliff Owen). Brody Dicks, 13, from Park City, Utah, spells "caudation" correctly during the 3rd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill, Md., Wednesday, May 30, 2018.
(AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster). Melodie Loya, 13, from Bainbridge, N.Y., right, hugs Tara Singh, 13, from Louisville, Ky., left, after Tara received their medal to advance to the final round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill, Md., Wednesday, M...
(AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster). Pronouncer Brian Sietsema, right, speaks during the 3rd Round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill, Md., Wednesday, May 30, 2018.
(AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster). Melodie Loya, 13, from Bainbridge, N.Y., right, hugs Tara Singh, 13, from Louisville, Ky., left, after Tara received their medal to advance to the final round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill, Md., Wednesday, M...
By BEN NUCKOLS
Associated Press
OXON HILL, Md. (AP) - The dramatic final rounds of the Scripps National Spelling Bee are set to begin.
Forty-one spellers advanced to Thursday's finals out of a field of 516 - by far the largest in the 93-year history of the competition. Scripps started a wild-card program this year that created a path to nationals for spellers who didn't win their regional bees, and some of the finalists got to the bee that way.
The past 13 champions and 18 of the last 22 have been Indian-American, and that trend could easily continue. Most of the consensus favorites in this year's bee have Indian heritage.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
By species, grouse hunters were up slightly, but duck, goose and pheasant hunters were down slightly, according to the DNR's annual small game survey.
There were 67,301 duck hunters in 2016, fewer than the previous year, which led to a decline in the duck harvest from 663,811 in 2015 to 606,458, but the take per active hunter was up slightly in 2016 (9.0 ducks per hunter compared to 8.7 ducks per hunter in 2015).
Canada goose harvest edged up slightly to an estimated 204,825 geese despite the decline in hunters from 45,938 in 2015 to 40,950 in 2016. Estimated take per hunter increased from 5.7 to 7.1 geese per successful hunters.
An estimated 59,965 pheasant hunters went afield in 2016, down slightly from 2015. Estimated ring-necked pheasant harvest declined from 243,176 roosters to 196,141, similar to 2011 levels. A wet fall and standing corn throughout much of the pheasant range likely contributed to some of the reduced harvest, the DNR said.
In 2016, the number of grouse hunters was 82,348, representing an increase of 4 percent from 2015. Ruffed grouse harvest increased slightly from 267,997 grouse in 2015 to 308,955 in 2016.
The DNR annually surveys small game hunters to make estimates of both hunter numbers and harvest trends. For the 2016 season, 7,000 small game license buyers were surveyed of which 3,371 surveys were returned and usable.
The complete report is on the DNR website at mndnr.gov/publications/wildlife.
Paris Saint-Germain is dreaming big, just like its motto says.
The French club, desperate to join Europe's elite since Qatari owners QSI took over six years ago, made an eye-catching breakthrough in the Champions League on Tuesday, routing Barcelona 4-0 in the first leg of the last 16.
"This was the best performance I've been part of since coming to PSG," said midfielder Blaise Matuidi, one of QSI's first signings after its takeover in June 2011.
In the years since the new ownership came in, PSG has pumped hundreds of millions of euros (dollars) into acquiring big-name coaches and big-name players, including Thiago Silva, Edinson Cavani, Angel Di Maria and Julian Draxler.
QSI also launched an advertising campaign with the motto "Revons Plus Grand," French for "Let's Dream Bigger."
It hasn't always worked out, though.
In the past four seasons, PSG has dominated in France but has failed to reach even the semifinals of the Champions League. Twice the team lost to Barcelona, in 2013 and '15, in the quarterfinals and then again last year to Manchester City.
The result of European frustration has led to swift and ruthless change, with coach Laurent Blanc fired in the offseason despite winning back-to-back domestic trebles.
Their successor, Unai Emery, was hand-picked by PSG president Nasser Al-Khelaifi, who liked what they saw in the Sevilla side that Emery guided to three straight Europa League titles.
That team played with passion, total commitment and relentless energy, and the Spanish coach has allied those qualities to a PSG team with considerably more individual talent than Sevilla.
After a difficult start, their methods are working well.
———
NO IBRA, MORE TEAMWORK
Zlatan Ibrahimovic's departure to Manchester United before the season left a huge void — one that PSG has filled with more teamwork.
When Ibrahimovic played, everything revolved around him. They were given such freedom by then-coach Carlo Ancelotti and by Blanc that they roamed wherever they wanted.
While the Swede was a prolific scorer, the loose way they played often unbalanced PSG and made the side predictable against better European opposition.
With the unselfish Edinson Cavani as the main striker, PSG is much harder working. And Cavani has stepped up with 34 goals this season.
Ibrahimovic also hardly ever defended, while Cavani tracks back to support their teammates.
———
EMERY'S TACTICS
The team Emery picked against Barcelona was brave and innovative.
They dropped Brazilian winger Lucas, one of their best players, and recalled the inconsistent Angel Di Maria — who scored twice.
But it was Emery's midfield formation that really caught the eye and earmarked them as a clever strategist.
Switching from the 4-3-3 formation they usually deploy, Emery went for a 4-2-3-1 with Adrien Rabiot and Marco Verratti as the holding pair and with Blaise Matuidi pushing up almost as a playmaker.
Matuidi is usually either a holding or a wide midfielder, but Emery used them as a thrusting spearhead where their relentless energy and ability to time late runs behind the defense caused havoc.
———
HOMEGROWN TALENT
As the final whistle blew at Parc des Princes, three homegrown PSG players joined in the celebrations.
Center back Presnel Kimpembe had marked Barcelona star Lionel Messi out of the game and Adrien Rabiot had won their midfield battle against Sergio Busquets. Midfielder Christopher Nkunku came on for the last 20 minutes.
Kempembe and Rabiot are both 21, while Nkunku is 19. All three grew up in the Paris region and came through the club's youth ranks.
While Ancelotti and Blanc rarely trusted homegrown players, offloading central defender Mamadou Sakho to Liverpool and winger Kingsley Coman to Juventus, Emery has great faith in them.
Kimpembe is an athletic defender who reads the game well and is strong in the air. The graceful Rabiot has great composure on the ball, a dangerous shot from outside the box and is a perceptive passer.
Homegrown players also give the club a stronger local identity because fans feel like they're watching one of their own, rather than only imported stars.
———
KEEPING VERRATTI
The diminutive Marco Verratti is the heartbeat of the side and PSG has done well to keep him, despite interest from Real Madrid.
The 24-year-old Italy midfielder is a great organizer and sets the tempo for PSG's game with quick-thinking and crisp passing.
They have an excellent passing range, whether short or long, and they regularly create chances with their defense-splitting passes.
All they need to add now is goals, with only five in 185 games since joining from Italian side Pescara five years ago.
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) — Virginia is set to end a yearslong partisan battle and expand Medicaid after the state Senate voted Wednesday to approve a budget that expands the program's eligibility to about 400,000 low-income adults.
The Senate passed Medicaid expansion by a 23-17 vote with four Republicans joining Democrats for passage.
The budget still needs final approval from the House and Democratic Gov. Ralph Northam. But that's expected to happen with little difficulty.
Virginia will become the 33rd state to approve Medicaid expansion, according to a tally from the Kaiser Family Foundation.
Wednesday's vote marked the end of a more than four-year battle over whether Virginia should expand the publicly funded health care program for the poor. A fight over Medicaid expansion led to a standoff over the state budget in 2014 and again this year.
Sen. Ben Chafin, a Republican lawmaker from Virginia's economically depressed southwest coal country, announced their support for expansion on the Senate floor. They said their rural area needed expansion to help bolster its hospitals and provide care for constituents in need.
"I came to the conclusion that no just wasn't the answer anymore," Chafin said.
But several Republican senators remained strongly opposed, saying Medicaid costs would eventually overwhelm the rest of the state's budget needs for schools and public safety.
"This is raising the cost of health care and will do nothing to help the people of Virginia," said GOP Sen. Mark Obenshain.
Expanding Medicaid to cover more low-income families was a key provision of the Affordable Care Act advanced by former President Barack Obama.
Virginia Democrats have pushed for years to expand Medicaid, saying their state should not pass up the roughly $2 billion in extra federal funding the program would bring to the state. Republicans had previously blocked past expansion efforts, saying the long-term costs were unsustainable.
President Donald Trump has sought to negate their predecessor's health law — but ironically, their administration's embrace of work requirements for low-income people on Medicaid prompted lawmakers in some conservative states to resurrect plans to expand health care for the poor.
A federal-state collaboration originally meant for poor families and severely disabled people, Medicaid has grown to become the largest government health insurance program, now covering 1 in 5 people. Obama's health care overhaul gave states the option of expanding Medicaid to cover more low-income adults.
The GOP-controlled General Assembly's support for Medicaid comes despite Trump administration rejections. Virginia saw its state legislature reshaped by an anti-Trump wave last year, as Democrats made unexpectedly large gains in the state House. And a failure by the GOP-led Congress to repeal and replace the health law helped spur several of Virginia's Republican state legislators to flip positions.
Democrats campaigned heavily on expanding Medicaid last year and some House Republicans are eager to take the issue off the table for next year's election, when both House and Senate seats are up.
Photo
Saudi Arabia's powerful heir apparent, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, is visiting Washington and other American cities this week promoting their image as an enlightened reformer out to modernize their conservative country and encourage foreign investment.
That image is stained by their chief foreign policy initiative, the humanitarian catastrophe that is the war in Yemen, in which at least 10,000 civilians have been killed, many as a result of indiscriminate airstrikes by the Saudis and their Persian Gulf partners. The United States has been Saudi Arabia's main enabler, supplying weapons and other military aid.
President Trump is unlikely to use their meeting with the crown prince at the White House on Tuesday to try to persuade them to halt the war. Fortunately, some members of Congress want to exercise their constitutional responsibilities over how and when the United States wages war. A bipartisan resolution, ending American military involvement in Yemen within 30 days unless Congress formally authorizes it, could face a Senate vote as early as Tuesday. Other legislative efforts would block military aid to Saudi Arabia, including millions of dollars in arms sales.
These are sensible ways to help end the attacks, as the need for a political solution in Yemen, one of the poorest countries in the Arab world, grows more urgent by the day.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
It has been wracked by civil war since 2014, when Houthi rebels allied with Iran, and forces loyal to former President Ali Abdullah Saleh, took control of the capital, Sana, and much of the rest of the country.
Benfica president Luis Filipe Vieira has warned Manchester United that defender Victor Lindelof will not be sold on the cheap.
United retains an interest in the Sweden international, according to reports in Portugal, despite claims United boss Jose Mourinho was ready to delay plans to make a bid until the summer due to the form of Marcos Rojo and Phil Jones in central defence.
Benfica are certainly in no rush to sell and Vieira hinted United would have to meet the player's release clause of around €45m (£37.8m) for them to leave Lisbon for Old Trafford.
Manchester United will NOT bid for Benfica's Victor Lindelof, due to the form of Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo, per @BBCSport pic.twitter.com/9hcuAiDgUB — Bleacher Report UK (@br_uk) December 28, 2016
They told A Bola: "Lindelof is a Benfica player with a contract which contains a termination clause. Let's wait."
Vieira also addressed speculation linking goalkeeper Ederson with a move to Manchester City.
They added: "At this moment we do not want to sell any of our players except, of course, if a proposal that serves the interests of Benfica and the player arises."
(AP Photo/LM Otero). A young fan holds a sign in the stands before warm ups for an NHL hockey game between the Vegas Golden Knights and Dallas Stars in Dallas, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017.
(AP Photo/LM Otero). Vegas Golden Knights defenseman Colin Miller (6) bows their head as they line up with teammates and the Dallas Stars for a moment of silence for shooting victims in Las Vegas before an NHL hockey game in Dallas, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017.
(AP Photo/LM Otero). The Dallas Stars and Vegas Golden Knights line up for a moment of silence for shooting victims in Las Vegas before an NHL hockey game in Dallas, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017.
DALLAS (AP) - The Dallas Stars formed a line next to players from the Vegas Golden Knights to honor victims of last weekend's mass shooting before the debut of the first major pro sports franchise in Las Vegas.
After Dallas introductions marking the 25th season since the NHL came to Texas, the Stars players skated from their blue line to the Vegas blue line so that both sets of players were together for pregame remembrances Friday night.
The Stars first honored a staff member who died in a car wreck during the offseason before paying tribute to play-by-play announcer Dave Strader, who died of bile duct cancer at 62 the same day of the Vegas shooting that killed 58 people.
There was were brief moments of silence for each, and the video board read "Viva Las Vegas" as the public address announcer said, "Dallas stands with Vegas and those affected by the horrifying tragedy."
___
More AP NHL: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Pirates of the Carribean star Kevin McNally and The Vicar of Dibley's James Fleet will join Jennings and Morrissey to play a group of close-knit friends who come under suspicion when a body is found
Nicola Walker and Sanjeev Bhaskar's DCI Cassie Stuart and DI Sunil ‘Sunny' Khan will have a whole host of familiar faces to interrogate as they investigate another emotionally-charged cold case in Unforgotten series three.
Advertisement
Alex Jennings (Victoria, The Crown) Kevin R McNally (Pirates Of The Caribbean, Designated Survivor), Neil Morrissey (Line Of Duty, The Good Karma Hospital) and James Fleet (Indian Summers, The Vicar Of Dibley) have joined the cast for the new six-part series, playing a “close-knit group of old school friends that have stood by one another through thick and thin”.
The four men will find themselves under scrutiny when the body of a teenage girl is found at a building site off the M1 motorway. It's revealed that she's been missing since the turn of the millennium and it's up to Cassie and Sunny to figure out whether any of the men had anything to do with their death.
Unforgotten series two saw the pair choosing to walk away from a case, after discovering that their suspects had actually been victims of child sex abuse and worked together to murder their abusers. It ended on a cliffhanger, with Cassie striding off into the night after making the difficult decision, leaving us wondering what might happen next.
At the time, writer Chris Lang told RadioTimes.com they were eager to do “one more series”, revealing that they already had plans for another story. “I'd love to come back for another go, I'd like to do one more series, because I want to square various circles with Cassie and Sunny,” they said as series two drew to a close with the pair struggling to come to terms with their decision to back away from the case.
“I don't think it's something that they will wear lightly. I hope the audience sort of feel that that was a very difficult decision to make. You can argue whether it's the right or the wrong one, but it's certainly one that I think you can understand given what those characters had been through,” Lang explained.
“It's a secret that they now have and they will have to carry with them through their job and if we do get a third series obviously one will attempt to explore the ramifications of what making such a profound decision will be.”
Filming on series three begins this month.
Advertisement
This article was originally published in February 2018
Victories sparked promotion parties for Mildenhall Town, Haverhill Borough and Stowmarket Town in the Thurlow Nunn League, while AFC Sudbury showed their fighting spirit in the wake of relegation from the Ryman League's top flight.
'CHAMPIONE, CHAMPIONE, OLE! OLE! OLE!' bellowed out at Thetford Town's Mundford Road at 5pm as Mildenhall Town's 2-0 win landed them the Thurlow Nunn League's top prize.
Dean Greygoose's men had gone into the afternoon's match knowing they needed just a point to clinch the Premier Division title and confirm their promotion to the Ryman League with two games still to play.
After both sides exchanged chances, it was Mildenhall who went into the break with the advantage after Chris Bacon provided a composed finish after Arran Mackay had slipped them in in first-half injury-time.
The second half was short on chances in comparison to the first, but Hall's travelling fans were delirious when Dan Brown put the result beyond doubt with their team's second two minutes from time, leaving both goalscorers on the day with 13 in all competitions.
While Mildenhall will be leaving the Thurlow Nunn League Premier Division, Haverhill Borough and Stowmarket Town are set to enter it as both celebrated promotion with home victories - though Stowmarket's promotion is still subject to raising funds to sufficiently upgrade their floodlights.
AFC Sudbury players and manager Jamie Godbold applaud their fans after their draw with Needham Market, following their relegation being confirmed just ahead of kick-off Picture: Mecha Morton
Haverhill Borough did not spare the style for their fans on the way to confirming their first ever promotion to step five of the non-league pyramid as they fired in 13 unanswered goals against basement side Leiston Reserves on The New Croft 3G.
The margin of their victory even got them a mention by Jeff Stelling on SKY Sports News.
Incredibly, 10 of the goals came after the break, with Craig Pruden scoring in-between two strikes from their captainJarid Robson.
Aaron Forshaw (getting a touch on a Lee Hurkett free-kick) and Ryan Phillips made it 5-0 before Ryan Swallow's aerial backheel int they 56th minute.
Ely City 2 Newmarket Town 3 - Match action from The Unwin Ground Picture: Mark Bullimore
Left-back Hurkett fired in a free-kick without any deflection in front of the 143-strong crowd before Rory Bone was felled by the goalkeeper for Sam Hawley to convert the resultant penalty for 8-0.
Further goals followed from Rory Bone, Robson, Swallow, Bone again and Forshaw to complete what is thought to be a club record win, with Robson claiming the hat-trick ball.
At Stowmarket Town's Greens Meadow, only a draw was needed against Debenham LC.
But a goal in each half, from Remi Garrett and substitute Jack Baker ensured The Old Gold and Blacks were left celebrating their first promotion (subject to off-the-pitch ground improvements) in their history, having previously started Eastern Counties League life before the inception of the First Division, which they were relegated to.
Long Melford 2 Hadleigh United 1 Hadleigh's Jame Ross tries to hold off the attentions of Sam Bayliss Picture: Mecha Morton
But the mood was not so jovial at AFC Sudbury's Wardale Williams Stadium where The Yellows' fans learned their relegation from the Ryman League Premier Division had been confirmed ahead of kick-off with Suffolk rivals Needham Market, after Burgess Hill Town claimed a point on the Sussex coast at Worthing.
Play-off chasing Needham looked to be set to end the day back in the top five after Luke Ingram's 19th goal of the campaign, just before half-time, gave them an interval lead.
Stand-in visiting goalkeeper James Bardbrook pulled off a great save from point-blank range to deny James Baker an equaliser.
But the AFC Sudbury player, who racked up their 300th appearance for the club in their last outing for them, was not to be denied and gave the home fans - in a crowd of 353 - something to cheer about with their 76th minute leveller.
It served to put a massive dent in Needham Market's play-off promotion ambitions with the Marketmen ending the day in 7th place and three points off Wingate & Finchley in fifth ahead of the final day shootout at home to big-spending Billericay Town on Saturday (3pm).
But Mark Morsley's last game as manager - before moving into a new chairperson role akin to a director of football at Bloomfields - is likely to be at the weekend as the Marketmen would need to win and hope Wingate & Finclhey and Leiston both lose, and overturning a goal difference that is currently five worse off than Wingate, to extend their season in the play-offs.
Sudbury may have local derbies against both of the teams in action at Ram Meadow this afternoon as Bury Town played out a 1-1 draw at home to Soham Town Rangers in Ryman League Division One North.
Soham, who are battling for survival in the division, gave their hopes a massive boost by taking the lead through in-form Sam Mulready in the 31st minute.
But Ben Chenery's Bury side, who had won their last four straight matches on their home patch, levelled after the break through Josh Mayhew just before the hour mark, which was the way it stayed.
It leaves Soham with their destiny firmly in their own hands heading into the final weekend, going into the home game with second-placed Maldon & Tiptree (3pm) with two points separating them from Heybridge Swifts in the last relegation place.
Elsewhere, Long Melford's hopes of survival in the Thurlow Nunn League Premier Division were given a shot in the arm following a last-gasp 2-1 home win over fellow strugglers Hadleigh United at Stoneylands.
Captain Steve Adams sent the home contingent into wild celebrations with their header from a late, late Dan Swain corner.
It completed a much-needed comeback from Jules Mumford's side with Will Wingfield having equalised after the Brettsiders took the lead after the restart.
The three points saw Melford leapfrog opponents Hadleigh to the fourth-from-bottom spot and four points above the drop zone with two games to play, the first of which sees them host second-from-bottom side Swaffham Town on Saturday (3pm).
Stuart Alston's Hadleigh are worryingly just two points and a place above the relegation zone with two to play, but with Wivenhoe Town, who are directly below them, holding a game in hand,
Elsewhere in the division, Newmarket Town (3rd) won 3-2 at local rivals Ely City (13th) while Haverhill Rovers (16th & 7pts clear of the drop zone) lost their derby at Saffron Walden Town 2-0. Having lost 5-3 at Godmanchester Rovers on Saturday, Walsham-le-Willows (14th) lost 2-0 at relegated Swaffham.
In the First Division, Cornard United (14th) followed up Saturday's 2-1 home win over March Town United with a resounding 5-0 success from today's trip to Dereham Town Reserves, while Diss Town (6th) signed off at Brewers Green Lane with a pleasing 1-0 win over fourth-place Woodbridge Town with Ben Norman-Hugman on target in the first half.
Framlingham Town (8th) chalked up their first straight win with another high-scoring affair, winning 4-1 at home to Guy Hayes' Team Bury (17th) while Halstead Town (9th) celebrated a 3-1 home win over third-from-bottom Needham Market Reserves. Meanwhile, AFC Sudbury Reserves (18th) went down 4-1 at King's Lynn Town Reserves.
Stowmarket Town and Haverhill Borough were not the only two celebrating automatic promotion from the First Division, with Coggeshall Town's 4-0 home win over Wisbech St Mary meaning they will, can also not be caught for a top three place.
With two games to go for Stowmarket (89pts) and Coggeshall (84pts) and one for Haverhill Borough (87) the title is still wide open but Stowmarket's to lose.
* For match reaction and a preview to the weekend's games, see this week's print editions.
Global Forecast - Asia as of 13:30 GMT Tuesday, April 24, 2018
Minimum and maximum temperatures in Celsius, precipitation in centimeters and weather conditions as recorded for the previous day (Apr 23 except Asia and Australia where data is for Apr 24) and forecast for the current and following day in each city as of 1330 GMT:
_____
CITY;MIN;MAX;COND;PRECIP;MIN;MAX;COND;MIN;MAX;COND
Abidjan;26;32;pc;0.99;26;32;rn;26;32;rn
Abu Dhabi;25;39;clr;0;25;33;clr;26;35;pc
Aleppo;15;28;clr;0;16;29;clr;17;29;pc
Algiers;16;23;pc;0;14;20;rn;13;16;rn
Amsterdam;9;15;rn;0;8;14;rn;7;13;rn
Anchorage;3;9;rn;1.6;3;9;pc;2;8;pc
Ashgabat;13;22;rn;2.46;15;23;clr;15;27;clr
Astana;6;15;rn;4.09;1;10;pc;1;9;sn
Asuncion;22;35;pc;0;22;34;clr;21;34;c
Athens;14;27;pc;0;13;28;pc;13;27;pc
Auckland;13;17;c;0;11;19;pc;14;19;pc
Baghdad;15;29;clr;0;19;30;pc;19;32;c
Bahrain;25;29;clr;3;25;30;pc;26;32;pc
Banda Aceh;24;33;rn;3.66;24;34;rn;23;29;rn
Bangalore;22;33;pc;0.99;22;35;clr;23;34;clr
Bangkok;28;36;clr;0;28;36;pc;28;36;rn
Barcelona;15;23;clr;0;15;21;pc;14;21;rn
Beijing;10;23;pc;0;11;25;clr;13;26;pc
Belgrade;13;26;rn;0;14;28;rn;13;29;pc
Berlin;11;16;c;4.88;7;17;rn;6;14;rn
Bogota;10;20;rn;2.29;10;19;c;10;17;c
Brasilia;15;27;pc;11.68;14;25;pc;16;27;rn
Bratislava;12;24;pc;9.93;15;27;pc;8;17;rn
Brisbane;17;26;rn;3.05;17;27;clr;17;29;clr
Brussels;11;15;rn;1.75;6;14;rn;5;13;rn
Bucharest;13;29;pc;0;14;28;pc;14;30;pc
Budapest;13;26;rn;6.45;15;27;pc;11;22;rn
Buenos Aires;20;23;rn;0;20;25;rn;23;26;rn
Bujumbura;18;30;c;10.29;18;30;rn;18;29;rn
Busan;10;17;rn;58.72;9;20;clr;12;20;c
Cairo;16;27;clr;0;18;26;pc;18;30;clr
Cape Town;11;20;pc;9.45;13;20;rn;12;18;rn
Caracas;20;29;pc;2.31;19;29;pc;21;29;pc
Chennai;28;37;clr;0;28;37;clr;28;37;clr
Chicago;5;13;c;0.25;2;10;pc;6;16;pc
Colombo;26;33;pc;0.25;25;32;rn;25;32;rn
Copenhagen;6;12;rn;6.76;6;12;rn;6;11;rn
Dakar;18;24;clr;0;19;24;clr;19;24;clr
Dallas;16;28;clr;0;11;22;rn;13;24;pc
Dar es Salaam;23;32;pc;0.99;23;31;pc;24;31;clr
Denver;-1;6;c;3.23;4;18;clr;0;13;c
Dhahran;23;30;pc;5.03;23;31;pc;23;33;clr
Dhaka;26;33;rn;0;22;37;rn;25;35;rn
Dili;23;36;clr;0;23;33;pc;22;33;pc
Dubai;27;38;clr;0;28;34;clr;27;35;pc
Dublin;5;12;rn;1.22;5;12;rn;4;12;rn
Dushanbe;13;28;c;0;11;21;c;12;24;clr
Gibraltar;15;20;rn;4.39;15;20;rn;15;21;pc
Hanoi;24;29;rn;0;23;25;rn;23;27;rn
Harare;10;26;clr;0;9;25;clr;10;25;clr
Havana;21;30;pc;0.99;20;28;rn;21;28;rn
Helsinki;3;10;rn;0;2;9;rn;1;11;rn
Ho Chi Minh City;27;35;pc;1.45;27;35;rn;27;34;pc
Hong Kong;21;27;rn;0;22;26;c;23;26;pc
Honolulu;23;28;rn;0;23;27;rn;22;28;pc
Hyderabad;25;40;clr;0;25;38;pc;25;38;pc
Islamabad;20;35;clr;0;21;36;clr;21;36;clr
Istanbul;15;25;clr;0;15;26;pc;14;26;clr
Jakarta;24;31;pc;6.45;25;31;c;25;30;rn
Jeddah;25;34;clr;0;26;35;clr;23;32;clr
Jerusalem;14;24;clr;0;12;18;rn;13;18;c
Johannesburg;11;26;clr;0;10;26;clr;11;25;clr
Kabul;11;27;pc;0;9;25;clr;10;26;clr
Karachi;26;37;clr;0;26;35;clr;27;35;clr
Kathmandu;15;28;pc;0;15;28;pc;14;26;rn
Khartoum;24;41;clr;0;24;42;clr;22;40;clr
Kiev;9;20;c;0;14;22;rn;11;22;pc
Kingston;25;31;pc;0.25;26;30;pc;25;31;pc
Kinshasa;22;32;rn;5.97;23;31;rn;22;31;rn
Kolkata;26;37;rn;0;26;37;rn;25;36;rn
Kuala Lumpur;24;31;c;21.82;24;33;c;24;33;rn
Kuwait;22;32;clr;1.98;22;32;pc;22;33;pc
La Paz;1;13;pc;0;1;13;rn;1;15;pc
Lagos;26;33;pc;0.99;26;32;rn;26;32;rn
Lima;19;23;pc;0;19;23;pc;19;23;pc
Lisbon;14;26;pc;3.81;13;22;pc;12;24;clr
London;8;17;rn;0;6;14;rn;7;13;pc
Los Angeles;12;24;pc;0;12;23;pc;12;22;pc
Luanda;26;32;c;0.99;26;32;pc;26;31;rn
Madrid;14;26;pc;1.17;14;27;pc;14;25;clr
Male;28;31;pc;2.77;28;32;rn;27;32;rn
Manaus;22;29;pc;4.29;23;29;pc;24;30;rn
Manila;26;34;rn;0;26;35;rn;26;35;rn
Mecca;27;39;rn;1.98;27;40;rn;24;37;rn
Melbourne;13;25;rn;0;12;20;pc;10;17;pc
Mexico City;13;25;pc;7.62;13;25;pc;13;26;pc
Miami;21;30;pc;4.75;19;30;pc;20;29;clr
Minsk;6;17;rn;0;7;13;rn;2;14;rn
Mogadishu;26;31;rn;5.23;26;31;rn;26;30;pc
Montevideo;18;22;pc;0.25;18;24;rn;20;25;c
Montreal;8;19;pc;0;8;12;rn;6;13;rn
Moscow;6;13;pc;0;7;14;rn;6;14;rn
Mumbai;27;36;clr;0;26;35;pc;27;34;pc
Nairobi;16;22;rn;2.77;17;23;rn;16;24;c
New Delhi;24;40;clr;0;26;42;pc;27;42;pc
New York;11;17;pc;0;10;14;rn;9;18;pc
Nicosia;17;28;clr;0;19;30;c;19;30;pc
Novosibirsk;8;13;c;6.5;5;15;rn;2;10;c
Osaka-shi;15;20;rn;0.46;10;18;c;11;21;pc
Oslo;1;11;c;12.45;0;13;pc;2;13;pc
Ottawa;7;19;pc;0;5;12;rn;5;13;rn
Pago Pago;25;29;rn;1.85;25;29;pc;25;29;pc
Panama City;25;32;pc;9.14;25;31;pc;25;31;pc
Paramaribo;23;29;rn;0;24;30;rn;23;30;rn
Paris;11;22;pc;0;7;17;pc;7;16;c
Perth;13;23;clr;0.76;15;24;clr;16;26;pc
Phnom Penh;27;36;rn;0.99;26;35;rn;26;34;rn
Port Moresby;24;31;pc;0.99;25;32;rn;24;32;rn
Port-au-prince;23;32;pc;0.99;23;33;pc;22;33;pc
Prague;12;22;pc;12.19;11;23;pc;6;18;pc
Pyongyang;5;22;pc;11.51;5;21;clr;5;22;pc
Quito;10;20;rn;8.71;11;19;rn;12;20;rn
Rabat;13;19;rn;2.03;14;20;rn;13;21;pc
Recife;23;29;pc;7.52;24;27;rn;23;28;rn
Reykjavik;4;8;rn;0.51;3;7;c;1;6;rn
Riga;7;14;c;3.25;5;14;pc;4;14;rn
Rio de Janeiro;22;28;clr;0;22;28;clr;22;29;clr
Riyadh;21;32;pc;1.98;22;31;c;20;33;pc
Rome;12;25;pc;0;11;26;pc;13;26;pc
Saint Petersburg;4;10;rn;0;4;10;rn;2;10;pc
San Francisco;10;18;pc;0;10;17;pc;11;16;pc
San Jose;19;28;pc;1.19;17;27;pc;18;29;pc
San Juan;23;28;pc;11.53;24;29;pc;24;29;pc
San Salvador;20;25;pc;0;20;25;pc;20;24;pc
Sana'a;12;23;pc;0.76;14;23;pc;13;23;pc
Santiago;8;23;clr;0;8;26;clr;6;23;clr
Santo Domingo;22;29;pc;1.42;22;29;pc;22;30;pc
São Paulo;12;27;pc;1.27;12;24;pc;9;25;clr
Seattle;10;23;pc;0;11;23;clr;11;26;clr
Seoul;6;19;pc;31.04;9;22;clr;9;22;pc
Shanghai;11;16;rn;11.4;13;20;pc;15;22;pc
Singapore;28;33;c;7.01;27;34;rn;27;33;rn
Sofia;11;27;pc;0;11;26;rn;11;26;rn
St. John's;23;29;pc;1.12;23;29;pc;23;30;pc
Stockholm;6;13;rn;5.28;4;14;pc;5;11;rn
Sydney;16;24;clr;0;18;25;pc;17;25;pc
Taipei City;19;23;rn;0;18;25;pc;20;28;clr
Tallinn;5;11;pc;0;3;8;rn;2;10;rn
Tashkent;13;30;rn;0;11;21;pc;11;24;clr
Tbilisi;8;21;clr;0;8;18;pc;11;23;clr
Tehran;13;21;clr;17.75;15;23;clr;16;25;pc
Tel Aviv;18;26;clr;0;16;21;rn;18;23;c
Tirana;11;25;clr;0;13;28;pc;13;29;clr
Tokyo;18;19;c;1.22;15;23;rn;16;24;c
Toronto;5;11;rn;0;4;9;rn;3;12;rn
Tripoli;17;27;pc;0;19;29;pc;20;31;clr
Tunis;18;30;clr;0;17;29;pc;16;26;pc
Ulan Bator;2;20;clr;0;0;18;clr;6;21;pc
Vancouver;10;20;pc;0;13;22;clr;13;24;clr
Vienna;11;24;pc;5.33;14;27;pc;7;18;rn
Vientiane;25;38;clr;0;25;35;pc;25;33;rn
Vilnius;7;15;c;5.08;4;11;rn;3;13;rn
Warsaw;10;20;pc;1.02;9;23;rn;6;16;rn
Wellington;11;16;clr;0;13;18;pc;14;18;clr
Yangon;25;39;clr;0;26;38;clr;25;38;rn
Yerevan;6;19;clr;0;8;21;clr;10;23;clr
Legend: clr...clear;pc...partly cloudy;c...cloudy;rn...rain;sn...snow
_____
Copyright 2018 AccuWeather
_____
Keywords: Forecast, Global, Asia
BOSTON (AP) — A lifelong advocate of nonviolent resistance who founded the Albert Einstein Institution in Massachusetts has died. Gene Sharp was 90.
Institute Executive Director Jamila Raqib says Sharp died at their Boston home on Sunday.
Sharp was inspired by their early studies of Gandhi, and their first book published in 1960 was "Gandhi Wields the Weapon of Moral Power: Three Case Histories." They wrote dozens of books and articles on nonviolent resistance that have been translated into more than 50 languages.
They spent nine months in jail after an arrest for protesting military conscription during the Korean War.
They founded the Albert Einstein Institution in 1983 to advance the study and use of strategic nonviolent action as an alternative to violent conflict.
The Delhi police have arrested the absconding minor accused in the connection with the death of Tushar, a Class 9 student, that took place on February 1. As per the CCTV footage retrieved from the cameras in the school, the boy was seen being taken to the school's washroom by some other students. After the school authorities were alerted, the child was rushed to the nearest private hospital Mavi hospital and later they were shifted to Guru Teg Bahadur Hospital where they were declared dead. The police have registered the matter and are currently questioning the fellow class students.
Putting an end to the mystery behind the death of the Class 9 student of Jeevan Jyoti Senior Secondary School (JJSSS) in Karawal Nagar, the Delhi police have arrested the absconding minor accused in the connection with the death of Tushar that took place on February 1. The investigating police apprehended total 4 accused in the matter, out of which one was on the run. As per reports, the absconding accused was arrested on February 3 from Khajuri Khas in the national capital.
A Class 9 boy was found in an unconscious state by the school authorities in the washroom after which they were rushed to the nearest GTB Hospital where they were declared dead. According to a fellow student from the school, Tushar had a scuffle with fellow classmates just a while before they were found dead in the toilet of the school. In the CCTV footage, a group of students including the deceased Class 9 boy was seen going inside the washroom. As per the CCTV footage retrieved from the cameras in the school, the boy was seen being taken to the school's washroom by some other students. Later, the child was found unconscious on the floor of the toilet by the school staff. Commenting on the matter, Ajit K Singla, DCP (northeast) said, “After scanning CCTV footage, we transferred the case registered under Section 304 to 302 (murder). We found that they had a fight with 4 students. They fell down after they received punches during the fight & died later. We have apprehended 3 till now.”
After the school authorities were alerted, the child was rushed to the nearest private hospital Mavi hospital and later they were shifted to Guru Teg Bahadur Hospital where they were declared dead by the doctors. The police have registered the matter and are currently questioning the fellow students. Commenting on the matter, an investigating police officer said that three of the students with whom Tushar had a fight with were apprehended. All the three students are minor, the police added. Reports suggest that police are currently probing if there was any other student involved in the matter or not.
General News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: www.ghanaweb.com
2017-10-06
Driver of the ‘hired' vehicle which was transporting the journalists trying to find out the cause
After reports that some journalists in the Upper East Region who were travelling from Bolgatanga to Bawku, Thursday morning to cover President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo's tour of the region were left stranded as their vehicle broke down in the middle of the road, Joy News' correspondent, Albert Sore, has given their account of the situation.
Earlier, Information Minister, Mustapha Hamid in a statement debunked reports that they left the journalists stranded after the car broke down.
While stating that “the vehicle that broke down was NOT the vehicle that was hired for journalists in the region by the Director of Communications at the Presidency” and that, “they were given a Hyundai H1 bus”, the Minister mentioned that when they got to the scene, they “picked three journalists and proceeded while instructing the PRO of the RCC (Godwin Nkunu) to stay and find a vehicle for them to catch up with the Presidential team” as they “had room in their vehicle for three people”.
They further stated that, “The group of journalists who are said to have been stranded were not part of the official presidential press team. Apparently, the Public Relations Officer of the Regional Coordinating Council, Godwin Nkunu, hired this bus for some other journalists chosen by them and unknown to the Presidential Communication team.”
In a Facebook post, Albert Sore corroborated Mustapha Hamid's response but said there was a communication lapse.
Here is their account:
THE UPPER EAST MEDIA BUS CONTROVERSY. HERE'S MY ACCOUNT OF WHAT HAPPENED
It was the Regional Communications Director of the NPP, Edmund Awuni who first called to inform me of the president's coming and to invite me for coverage. This was about a week ago.
However the day before the president's arrival, it was the RCC's PRO who called to inform me that they had left my accreditation tag at A1 Radio so I should I go and pick it up. Edmund never called me again so naturally, I assumed that the responsibility of media had been left to the PRO.
On the first day of the President's visit, I did not join any press vehicle because I went somewhere and came straight from there to the venue on my motorbike. So I did not get to see which vehicle they used on that day.
This morning, I called PRO to find out about transport arrangements for press, since they were the one who called me about the accreditation. They told me that the press' vehicle was at the RCC so I should be there by 9am.
When I got to the RCC, it was this 207 bus that later broke down that had been brought for us. It looked okay in appearance but I was worried about its capability of keeping up with a presidential convoy. Upon getting closer to some of my colleagues who had already been waiting by the bus together with the PRO, I realised they were discussing about the vehicle and GTV's cameraman was seriously insisting that the vehicle was not good enough.
Still, the PRO insisted that they had made every effort to get a good car and that was the best they could get.
Before we could resolve the issue of the vehicle, the president was already on their way to the Vea dam. At this point it was either we jump into the vehicle and follow the convoy or forget the trip.
We decided to follow. By the time we caught up with president at Vea, everything had almost been done. In fact, today most of us run a marathon at Vea, just trying to keep up because our vehicle had to park way behind the convoy so that we catch up on foot.
We managed to get what we could at Vea but the journey to Bawku was on another level of convoy speed. At this point, I started to make a lot jokes and took selfies as we laughed at how the V8s were leaving us behind and the security officials were stopping our car because they thought it was some market lorry.
The GNA's reporter made a firm decision that they were no longer going on the trip and when we got to Bolga town, they stopped the car and alighted. The rest of us made the decision to keep moving.
At this time, I was still completely oblivious of the fact there was another press vehicle. Then I realised that some usual colleagues were absent and asked how that was so. It was then that someone mentioned that they had “joined other cars”. So for me, my thinking was that these missing colleagues got to join people that they know in the government in their cars.
Towards the Tilli forest from Nangodi, we started smelling something burning in our car and started asking the driver to check it out. They kept moving, obviously determined to keep up with the president's convoy. As they sped on, the smell got intense so we insisted they stopped to check. When they got down and checked, it was something in the rim area that was rubbing against the front, left tyre. They then decided to change the tyre which had not even punctured (at least, not yet because if they had kept moving without checking it, the tyre could have burst along the way).
So stranded on the road, I took pictures and shared them on the regional press corps' whatsapp page because I had earlier shared pictures of the bus on the same page. All this time, most of us were actually laughing about the experience.
MUSTAPHA HAMID
Having given up hope of ever catching up with the convoy which had sped away like lightening, following our predicament, we decided to move on with the rest of our lives.
We had almost taken a unanimous decision to return to Bolga when we saw a government vehicle approaching and the PRO stopped it. It was then that we realised it was Information Minister, Mustapha Hamid in the car.
PRO spoke to them briefly and together, they approached our broken down bus as our determined driver lay sprawled in the dirt, doing everything possible to fix their problem.
Mr. Hamid took a squat to have a look at what was wrong with our bus (mind you, that photo of them circulating on social media was taken by me).
Perhaps seeing there was not much they could do about the bus, they decided to take some of us in their car. GTV's cameraman was holding their camera at the time and I was standing close to him. What I think happened was that Mr. Hamid saw the GTV logo on the camera and that was how they invited the GTV crew to join them in their car. They were 3 in number and they said they had space in their car for them. I was also wearing my branded press jacket so they asked; “Joy News, are you with a crew or you're alone?” To this, I responded that I was alone and they said they had space for me too and that I should join their car. However, when I got my things from our broken down bus and got to their car, it was already full.
At this time, an old white pickup vehicle had also stopped at the spot and the people in it invited me and two others to join. I run to sit in the pickup, thinking it was traveling with the minister. It was after we started moving that I realised that the two men in the pickup were headed to Garu on their own and had nothing to do with the president's tour.
Resigned to fate and bottled up with intense infuriation, I decided to hold my cool and listen to music. Since the president would be visiting Garu, we would get there and wait for him, we concluded.
When we got to Garu, the owners of the pickup were not going towards the President's durbar grounds. We saw another pickup truck and begged the driver to give us a lift to the durbar grounds. That's how I got to Garu.
The rest of our colleagues who stayed with the bus later got a pickup from the Bawku West district assembly in Zebilla, through the facilitation of the PRO and joined us at Garu. To be honest, I don't know if the information minister had a hand in the organization of this pick up or not. We all got busy with work and afterwards, came back home peacefully.
THE OTHER PRESS BUS
It was when we got to Garu that I found out that there was another car for the press. The Hyundai bus that has been mentioned. It is an air-conditioned mini-bus similar to the ones that usually convey passengers to and from the Tamale airport.
When the program was over, I was told about this bus so I went to check if they had space in it so I could join. There was one vacant seat left so I took it.
The journalists that were in this bus by my count were; TV3 reporter and cameraman, Metro TV reporter and cameraman, Citi FM's correspondent and A1 radio's reporter. This makes it six people. Graphic's correspondent was also in this bus but they were one of those that were left behind in our broken down bus and later came in the pickup that the PRO got from Zebilla.
Now, there was Edmund Awuni, the NPP's Regional communications director also in this bus and then two members of the NPP's regional communications team: a gentleman by name Maxwell who I used to know as the communications secretary of NPP in the Talensi district (I don't know if they still hold the position) and another gentleman I only know as Sanusi who represents the NPP in radio discussions here in Bolga.
THE BIG QUESTIONS
1. Are the journalists that were in this bus good journalists? My answer is ABSOLUTELY YES.
2. But is this what constitutes the official press corps that has now been mentioned as what was organized for the president's coming?
3. Are the NPP communications team members press men?
4. How come that despite having them in the bus, there were two empty seats that were later filled by me and the Graphic reporter and yet GTV and Graphic (state media) were not in this official bus from the beginning of the trip? Forget me on the assumption that I was not considered as an official reporter, even though the RCC gave me an accreditation tag after Edmund Awuni personally called and invited me for the events.
5. GTV and Graphic were not in this official press bus. Does that mean they were not officially invited to cover the president's trip?
So you see? I personally have no interest in giving the President's trip a bad colouring whatsoever. I saw the bus the way it was and made the decision to join it anyway, just like the others who did. And I accept responsibility for my decision because professionally, my responsibility as a correspondent requires that I take such decisions sometimes. But ask; what would have happened if Graphic and GTV had not showed up to report the event?
Besides this issue of the vehicle, check the reports that some of us have given (visuals and all) about the president's trip and you will know that for some of us as news men, missing out on this would have been tantamount to undermining the importance of the President in news making. But well… this is Ghana.
We make mistakes and we learn and I definitely have learned from this but for anyone to suggest that those of us who were in the bus that broke down joined the president's trip through a back door is very insulting.
Obviously, there was a planning lapse somewhere and the questions I have asked here must be answered, if the people responsible want to get to the bottom of this matter. The real causers of the problem are there so fish them out and deal with them as you may deem fit. But let no one come at me or any other journalist in this region.
Make of this, what you will but this is my true account of what happened. GOOD NIGHT.
(Bruce Bennett/Pool via AP). Vegas Golden Knights goaltender Marc-Andre Fleury lies on the ice after stopping a shot by Washington Capitals center Nicklas Backstrom, of Sweden, during the first period in Game 2 of the NHL hockey Stanley Cup Finals on W...
(Bruce Bennett/Pool via AP). Vegas Golden Knights goaltender Marc-Andre Fleury, right, stands in the crease after Washington Capitals center Lars Eller, left, scored on them during the first period in Game 2 of the NHL hockey Stanley Cup Finals on Wedne...
(AP Photo/John Locher). Vegas Golden Knights goaltender Marc-Andre Fleury makes a glove save during the third period in Game 2 of the team's NHL hockey Stanley Cup Finals against the Washington Capitals on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Las Vegas.
(AP Photo/John Locher). Washington Capitals, right, celebrate a goal by defenseman Brooks Orpik as Vegas Golden Knights right wing Alex Tuch skates away during the second period in Game 2 of the NHL hockey Stanley Cup Finals on Wednesday, May 30, 2018,...
By W.G. RAMIREZ
Associated Press
LAS VEGAS (AP) - Golden Knights coach Gerard Gallant for months has talked about their team's hard work, their ability to battle and devotion to playing a full "200 feet of hockey."
In pockets of Game 2 in the Stanley Cup Final on Wednesday night, the Golden Knights were surprisingly outworked, outbattled and outhustled in losing 3-2 to the Washington Capitals. Game 3 is Saturday night in Washington and Vegas is going to need to up the energy level even further in a frantic series with scoring chances galore.
Vegas outshot the Capitals in Game 2, 39-26, but the hustle stats went to Washington, which handed the expansion club just its second home loss of the postseason. Washington had 18 blocked shots to eight for Vegas, helping goaltender Braden Holtby turn things around. They allowed five goals in the opener but was sublime in Game 2 as they made 37 saves - none bigger than stopping Alex Tuch with the paddle of their stick in a sprawling move with just 1:59 left.
And while Washington outhit the Golden Knights, 46-39, it was some of Vegas' bigger hits that ignited the Capitals in the second period.
Vegas defenseman Brayden McNabb flattened Washington's first-line forward Evgeny Kuznetsov, sending them to the dressing room with a little more than five minutes left in the first period. They didn't return.
With Kuznetsov out, Washington coach Barry Trotz added Nicklas Backstrom to their top line with Alex Ovechkin and Tom Wilson. And 5:38 into the second period, with the game tied at 1-all and the Capitals on a power play, Ovechkin scored their first career Stanley Cup Final goal to give the Capitals a 2-1 lead.
From there, Vegas unraveled and gave up more uncharacteristic chances in front of Marc-Andre Fleury, who has yet to lose consecutive games this postseason.
A little less than four minutes after Ovechkin scored, Brooks Orpik broke a 220-game goal drought with the eventual game winner. It was their first goal since Feb. 26, 2016.
Though the Golden Knights outshot Washington 15-6 in the third period, the Capitals skated faster, competed better, worked harder and played smarter to steal home-ice advantage with their first-ever Final win.
The Capitals return to Capital One Arena, where they have just a 4-5 record in the postseason.
___
More Stanley Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/StanleyCupFinals
___
This story has been corrected to Tuch.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
LOS ANGELES — USC's up-and-down season ended Monday night in the second round of the National Invitation Tournament.
The Trojans suffered a 79-75 loss to Western Kentucky, stumbling in the final minutes of a back-and-forth game that saw 13 lead changes.
With less than four minutes left, they led the Hilltoppers by a basket following a 3-pointer by first-year student Jordan Usher, but soon lost the lead and never were ahead again, their final attempt to move in front falling short with 24 seconds as Usher air-balled a 3-point attempt.
It was another frantic finish in front of 2,130 at the Galen Center, where six days earlier the top-seeded Trojans opened the NIT with a dramatic double-overtime victory over UNC Asheville.
The NIT was a final hurrah in a season saddled with off-the-court issues, beginning last September with the arrest of former associate head coach Tony Bland as part of the FBI investigation into bribery and corruption in college basketball. Three players were ultimately linked to the federal probe, including De'Anthony Melton, a sophomore guard who was withheld from the season by the university.
Although a one-time preseason top-10 team, USC (24-12) ultimately finished in second place in the Pac-12 and advanced to the conference tournament final for the first time since 2009, but missed the NCAA tournament, among the first four teams left out of the field. They had won seven of their final nine games before Monday.
“I'm very proud of our players and what they accomplished this year,” Coach Andy Enfield said after the loss.
The latest distraction came Monday, as Chimezie Metu, the Trojans' star forward who continued to sit out the NIT in an effort to avoid potential injury as they prepare to enter the NBA draft in June.
Rather than sit with the team on the bench as they did during the NIT opener, Metu sat in the stands, in a first-row seat behind the rest of the players.
Enfield said it was USC administrators' decision for the change in seating, noting a school policy that prevented players from sitting on the bench if they are eligible to play but not injured.
“He was with us and cheering us on,” Enfield added. “He had a great season this year. It was their decision to not play.”
The Trojans' starting five was altered, as well, after forward Nick Rakocevic and guard Elijah Stewart were late for a recent practice, according to Enfield.
Little-used first-year student Victor Uyaelunmo made their first career start in place of Rakocevic, while Shaqquan Aaron was in for Stewart.
Uyaelunmo opened the game by slamming a two-handed dunk following an assist from Jordan McLaughlin.
Rakocevic and Stewart checked in for the players after the first three minutes.
Stewart, a senior playing in their final game at the Galen Center alongside McLaughlin, scored a team-high 20 points off the bench, while McLaughlin finished with 13 points and 14 assists, their second-highest total this season.
“We had a good run,” McLaughlin said after the game. “The last four years have been amazing.”
This season, though, ended with a loss, as the Trojans missed key free-throws and fell apart in critical moments.
While Trojans shot 38 percent from 3-point range, extended to roughly 22 feet as part of experimental NIT rules, they made only 8 of 19 attempts (42 percent) from the free-throw line.
“We were terrible,” Enfield said. “That was a big difference in the game.”
In the second half, they made only four of 11 free-throw attempts while trying to position themselves ahead after trailing 40-39 at halftime. USC had been ahead by as many as seven points in the first half.
The teams went back and forth for most of the third quarter, with USC never leading by more than a basket until a late push by Western Kentucky (25-10) to lead by as many as seven points.
The fifth-seeded Hilltoppers made 53 percent of their shots, including 67 percent in the fourth quarter.
The experimental rules also included four 10-minute quarters replacing two 20-minute halves.
In its previous NIT game, USC also allowed UNC Asheville to shoot above 50 percent.
The Trojans' final blunder came after Usher's missed 3-pointer in the final seconds, as it continued to trail by a score of 77-75. Needing to foul one of Wester Kentucky's players, the Trojans were unable to, and Dwight Coleby instead caught a pass underneath the basket, finishing a slam dunk with 11 seconds left, a four-point lead by then too much.
“You can only scream ‘foul' at the top of our lungs for so long,” Enfield said. “Someone has to foul. Obviously that was a mistake on our players. When you're down two with 20-some seconds left, we should've fouled.”
After the dunk, many of fans in the lower bowl of the arena headed toward the exits. Those that lingered were quiet, but a handful kept standing to give an applause for McLaughlin and Stewart when they headed to the locker room with the team.
Their season and some of their college careers were over. Western Kentucky was to head to the NIT quarterfinals against second-seeded Oklahoma State, one win away from a trip to the semifinals at Madison Square Garden in New York.
WARSAW, Poland — Pope Francis' decision to move the Second World War-era head of Poland's Catholic Church a step closer to possible sainthood has hit a stumbling block, after two leading Jewish organizations and even Polish Catholic publications called them out for anti-Semitic views.
It's not clear if the protests will derail the sainthood cause of Cardinal August Hlond, but in the past the Vatican has taken such protests seriously and at the very least put the cases up for closer review.
In May, Francis approved a decree recognizing Hlond's “heroic virtues.” Now the Vatican must confirm a miracle attributed to Hlond's intercession for them to be beatified, and a second one for them to be made a saint.
Hlond, born July 5, 1881, was the highest-ranking church official in Poland from 1926 to their death in 1948.  They are highly respected in this overwhelmingly Catholic country for having rejected Nazi Germany's proposals for a collaborative government, and for protecting the church's independence during the first years of communism.
In its protest, the American Jewish Committee pointed to a passage in a 1936 pastoral letter by Hlond, who was Poland's primate then, that showed their attitude toward Jews and echoed the general line of the Catholic Church of the time.
The group also criticized Hlond's failure to condemn the killings of at least 40 Jews in Poland in 1946 by a mob and secret security. It argued that moving forward with the canonization process will be seen as an “expression of approval of Cardinal Hlond's extremely negative approach toward the Jewish community.”
“It's very difficult to see how you can still claim that the man was a paragon (of saintliness) when the data is so explicit,” AJC's director of interreligious affairs, Rabbi David Rosen, told The Associated Press.
The Simon Wiesenthal Center, a Nazi-hunting body, said making Hlond a saint would “further embolden” Poland's right-wing government in its “headlong efforts to selectively rewrite Polish activities from that tragic era.”
The disputed passage in Hlond's letter reads: “It is a fact that the Jews are fighting against the Catholic Church, persisting in free thinking, and are the vanguard of godlessness, Bolshevism and subversion.”
It has frequently been cited as evidence of the Catholic Church's institutional anti-Semitism prior to the modernizing reforms of the Second Vatican Council in the 1960s.
But Hlond also wrote that there are many “ethically outstanding, noble and respectable” Jews, and that all Jews should be “respected and loved as persons and as neighbours.”
In what appeared to be a condemnation of German Nazi laws, the letter warned against “imported from abroad” anti-Semitism that's “incompatible with Catholic ethics.”
“It is not allowed to attack Jews, beat them, injure them or slander them,” Hlond said in the letter, which priests read out in churches at Lent in 1936.
They said it was “good” to support Polish businesses and avoid Jewish ones, but it was “forbidden” to “ravage Jewish shops, destroy the goods of the Jews, break windows, throw firecrackers at their homes.”
Rosen, who has decades of experience in Catholic-Jewish relations, said the process of making Hlond a saint should be halted.
But the Polish priest promoting Hlond's case before the Vatican's Congregations for the Causes of Saints said the criticism is “unfounded” because Hlond's words had been taken out of context. Mgr. Boguslaw Koziol has discussed all the documents with Vatican experts, and insists Hlond preached love regardless of nation or religion.
Koziol believes that the whole passage — titled “From our Sins” — was progressive for its time and aimed to protect Jews from violence. But they admit it also included questionable ideas.
Hlond's critics “have focused on this negative part of the letter, but are not quoting any other part,” they told the AP.
Catholic weekly Tygodnik Powszechny argued that the letter failed to protect Jews from the attacks of Polish nationalists.
It said Hlond didn't “suggest any way out of the ‘Jewish problem,' or any good plan for a dignified and peaceful coexistence in one country. One could protest: these were not yet the times of dialogue. But one may also reply: shouldn't we expect candidates for sainthood to be larger than the routine thinking of their times?”
Referring to the July 4, 1946 pogrom in the town of Kielce — where a mob and secret security forces killed at least 40 Jews and two Poles who were defending them — Rosen said that Hlond “did not condemn the pogrom nor urge Poles to stop murdering Jews. Rather, they pointed out that the Jews were all communists or supporters of communism and that the pogrom was their own fault.”
Koziol, however, blames Poland's post-war communist rule for Hlond's reticence. Any direct condemnation would have meant a confrontation with the regime and repercussions for the church.
In 2005, the Vatican shelved the planned beatification of French priest the Rev. Leon Dehon and launched an inquiry after complaints about their anti-Semitic views.
