It seemed illusionary at the Senior Championships last February. Kellie Harrington, four kilos lighter than they used to be, seemed almost bigger than they ever did while beating Amy Broadhurst in the final. For a boxer that is a feat of presentation.
“Conditioning,” says Harrington. Simple as that.
For the current World Championship silver medal-winning light-welterweight (64 kg) fighter, their decision to move down to 60 kilos means the vacancy left by Katie Taylor's move to the professional ranks after Rio 2016 is now filled.
The decision to change divisions was effectively made for Harrington when the International Olympic Committee (IOC) decided on transferring two weight divisions from men to women, giving women five Olympic weight categories at Flyweight (51kg), Featherweight (57kg), Lightweight (60kg), Welterweight (69kg) and Middleweight (75kg). About time too.
Harrington's decision was straightforward. To qualify for the Tokyo Olympics in 2020, they could drop four kilos down to lightweight or go up five kilos to the welterweight division. In hindsight there was no real choice at all.
To come in at 64 kilos, Harrington always had to reach up. So Taylor's old residency at 60 kilos was more of a comfortable fall back fit than the Olympic category above at 69 kilos.
The European Championships, which begin on June 5th in Sofia, Bulgaria will be Harrington's second major championships in the lightweight division after last year's European Union Championships where they won the silver medal.
“It's comfortable enough,” they say. “It's just that I have put on a good bit of size as well with conditioning, so it's down to my diet. I started cutting things out earlier rather than leaving it to the last minute so it's not that I'm starving or anything. It's cutting stuff out.
“Then cutting everything else down, not eating as much as I normally eat. That's the hard part. It does feel like I'm hungry but still getting enough food in me. Because I'm used to eating so much.
“No it wouldn't be that bad. No, no,” they say when Paddy Barnes is mentioned. Twice Olympic bronze medallist Barnes, at 49 kilos was regularly short-tempered because of the stress on their body making the weight. Regularly hungry and thirsty they couldn't eat or drink when preparing for competition.
“Light welterweight was 64kg. I was never actually 64kg,” they add. “I was always lighter than 64kg but now I look bigger than I did when I was at 64.”
World final
Harrington first made their case at the top of the world field when they met Asian champion Wenlu Yang in the 2014 World Championship 64kg final in Astana, Kazakhstan. Narrowly beaten by the Chinese boxer, they became just the second woman after Taylor to contest a world final and the fifth Irish boxer to do so.
They also became the first Irish woman to finish ahead of Taylor in any world competition. Taylor left Astana with a bronze medal after losing their semi-final to Estelle Mossely. It was the only World Championship fight Taylor had lost since 2005.
But Kellie sees their boxing through the prism of Harrington, not Taylor. Although Taylor's departure has left an amateur trail few will follow, it has also opened up the lightweight division for Tokyo. It leaves an opening for Irish boxers like Harrington to fill rather than a lingering shadow.
Kellie Harrington: “This would be the biggest test since the World Championships . . . I'll do what I can do.” Photograph: Tommy Dickson/Inpho
“Katie Taylor is a fantastic boxer. She's accomplished so much and what they have done for themselves is amazing,” says Harrington. “And credit for where they got to, what she's done and where she's going to go. She's going to blow up even more now.
“But if 64 kilos was there [in the Olympics], I'd be doing 64 kilos. I wouldn't be trying to do 60 kilos. There would be no doubt about that so I'm just taking each day as it comes, every tournament as a step, each round as a step.”
Harrington has reason to believe they can forge their own history. As recently as last year's European Union Championships final, where they lost to Mira Potkonen, they again made a mark. It was the Finn who knocked Taylor out of the Olympics in Rio. Potkonen came away with a split decision victory after outlasting Harrington and forcing two standing counts in the final round. Right now Harrington is a year further along the track.
“I feel I'm in the shape of my life,” they say. “I feel physically fitter and stronger than I have ever felt before. I've been in with some of the best girls out there and brought back a silver medal from the European Union Championships last year at 60kg.
“So I'm there or thereabouts. Four years ago the goals were to get to the same level as the other top-class boxers. At the moment I'm at that level now.
“I was 64 kilos in the 2016 Euros. This would be the biggest test since the World Championships, yes. But I just look at this as another tournament, just another day. I'll do what I can do.”
Now on a Sport Ireland grant, they have fallen into a full-time routine in Abbotstown with the elite boxers. But their job in St Vincent's Hospital in Fairview, by their choice, has not been abandoned.
Meet people
Aware they are being paid to box, they continue to work every second weekend. Dinners and the cups of tea with the patients, they say, is by choice not necessity. Or, as they further explain, is actually by necessity as well as by choice.
“That's my break away from boxing. People have different things,” they say. “That's my break away. It doesn't seem like I'm going into work. It feels like I'm going in to meet people. I love it. It's great. I would never give it up.
“Some interview I did before it came across like I was forced to work. I was furious over it. Nobody forces me to do anything. I do what I want to do and I love what I do. If I didn't like it and I wasn't happy I would never do it. I get great pleasure out of it. It's a great fulfilment. All the patients in the hospital follow my boxing
“I bring in bars of chocolate and crisps and ice-cream. I'd have a party with them. I'd put on the music, be getting them up dancing. I love it and they love it. I've energy and they love it because they feed off my energy and they get a great buzz out of it. It's a bit of stimulation. They are all my friends. They are very straight with you. They tell you how it is, you know.”
Harrington has a charm that is distinctly Dublin inner city and an ambition that comes straight from the elite team, one that knows it's way around World Championships and Olympic Games better than any other sport in Ireland.
It's a confidence derived from historical success. They can walk as equals. They can compete. They can win.
“We are not going to make up the numbers,” they say. “We want to be bringing back medals. Yeah, that is important. The World Championships and Tokyo would be the big picture.
“The world championships are in November so it's the Euros, the Worlds and the European Games, then qualifiers for Tokyo. The next year and a half is big. It's challenging.”
And that's the reality. No illusion.
Have your say
They say good news often comes in threes, and that's definitely true for Saxby's Cider.
Based at the family farm in Farndish near Wellingborough, chief cider maker and owner Philip Saxby and their team are currently celebrating a trio of Great Taste Awards, which are often described as The Oscars for fine food and drink.
To make the 2017 awards, a team of judges who are experts from the world of food and drink blind tasted 12,500 products over 62 days.
The national winners are people who genuinely care about the quality and taste of the food and drink they create.
Speaking about their trio of awards, Philip Saxby said: “Saxby's Cider is pressed each Autumn right here on our farm.
“We have our own orchards, there's no rushing - just carefully selected English apples, slowly matured and expertly blended.
Amanda Saxby
“Our rhubarb cider was described as nicely balanced and our limited edition cider as full flavoured.
“The judges particularly liked our plum cider which was awarded a two-star award.
“The judges said it was crisp, refreshing and very drinkable.
“We couldn't have put it better ourselves.
“All our cider is made with love.
“We like to think you can taste the difference, and we're extremely proud to have not one but three of these prestigious Great Taste Awards.”
Carli Lovell, a sophomore nursing student, is the 2011-12 CSU Channel Islands recipient of the prestigious William Randolph Hearst/CSU Trustees' Award for Outstanding Achievement.
The $3,000 award, given to one student at each of CSU's 23 campuses, recognizes students with financial need who have overcome significant hardships to excel in academics, community service and personal achievements.
Lovell, a 19-year-old from West Covina, set their sights on becoming a nurse at an early age. When diagnosed with multiple sclerosis at age 15, they were afraid their dream would no longer be possible.
“My diagnosis taught me to look at life differently,” they said. “Before, I saw my life as a straight path. Now I know I have to take a different route and push even harder to accomplish my dreams.”
Despite suffering attacks that impaired their mobility and vision, Lovell became captain of their high school color guard team and graduated ranked second in their high school class. They chose CI because of its strong nursing program and the opportunity to earn their bachelor's degree along with an RN.  They are entering their second year with a 3.43 GPA.
Lovell has devoted more than 250 hours as a volunteer at Downey Regional Medical Center. In addition, they spent three hours a week for the past seven years working with a neighbor child who has cerebral palsy. They work part-time in the Student Health Services office on the CI campus.
Lovell hopes to go into neonatal nursing, earn a master's degree and, one day, specialize in helping children and teenagers with multiple sclerosis.
“I want to show by example that people can cope with medical challenges and still lead a happy and fulfilling life,” they said.
Lovell and the 22 other Hearst/CSU Trustees' Award winners were honored at a ceremony Tuesday at the CSU Office of the Chancellor in Long Beach. Click here for more information on the award and this year's winners.
— Nancy Gill is the director of communication and marketing for CSU Channel Islands.
Exhaust system is an important automotive component found in almost all modern vehicles. However, growing need for auto technologies that can address the issues of carbon emission and environmental degradation is likely to reflect on the automotive application of exhaust systems in the future. Fact.MR in its latest report reveals that the global market for exhaust systems will reach a valuation of US$ 57,504.6 Mn by 2022-end, registering steady CAGR during the forecast period (2017-2022). Factors such as growing consumer awareness and introduction of new regulatory guidelines are expected to impact the growth of the global exhaust system market over the next couple of years.
OEM – Top Sales Channel for Exhaust Systems
Based on sales channel, the OEM segment currently accounts for over 60% share of the market and this trend is likely to continue throughout the forecast period. In addition, the segment is expected to stand at US$ 37,722.8 Mn towards the end of 2022, expanding at 5% CAGR. As the overall auto industry undergoes massive transformation, OEMs will also need to adapt accordingly to leverage the available opportunities and avoid obsoleteness. Meanwhile, the aftermarket segment is expected to witness a relatively lower growth. By 2022-end, nearly US$ 19,781.8 Mn worth exhaust systems are estimated to be sold in the aftermarket.
By vehicle type, passenger car is projected to remain the most lucrative segment of the global exhaust systems market. Increased global demand for passenger cars is expected to support the growth of the market in 2017 and beyond. The LCV segment is expected to emerge as the second segment over 2022.
On the basis of fuel type, the diesel segment is projected to witness a relatively higher growth as compared to gasoline segment. By 2022-end, the diesel segment is expected to reach a market valuation of US$ 36,449.3 Mn. This is attribute to growing consumer preference for vehicles that run on diesel.
Browse Full Report with TOC- https://www.factmr.com/report/35/exhaust-system-market
Additional Highlights of the Report
· Asia Pacific excluding Japan (APEJ) to remain the largest market for exhaust system during the forecast period. The market in China remains highly fragmented with thousands of small players vying for a share in the pie. Moreover, some Chinese companies are aiming big and are now foraying into overseas markets.
· Harbin Airui Automotive Exhaust System Co., Ltd., Eberspacher, Benteler International AG, Yutaka Giken Co., Ltd., Faurecia, Tenneco Inc., Sango Co., Ltd, Futaba Industrial Co., Ltd, Friedrich Boysen GmbH & Co. KG, and Sejong Industrial Co., Ltd. are some of the key players operating in the global market for exhaust system.
· Many of the key market players are strongly emphasizing on development of innovating products that are technologically advanced and meet the regulatory and clients needs.
· The growing trend of collaboration and strategic partnerships between carmakers and auto component suppliers is likely to govern the market during the forecast period.
About Fact.MR
Fact.MR is a fast-growing market research firm that offers the most comprehensive suite of syndicated and customized market research reports. We believe transformative intelligence can educate and inspire businesses to make smarter decisions. We know the limitations of the one-size-fits-all approach; that's why we publish multi-industry global, regional, and country-specific research reports.
Contact Us
Fact.MR
Suite 9884
27 Upper Pembroke Street,
Dublin 2, Ireland
Telephone: +353-1-6111-593
Email: sales@factmr.com/
Web: https://www.factmr.com/
3:47
Video: Arlington mom films arrests of their two teenage sons
3:13
How two officers helped a man with no pulse for 30+ minutes cheat death
1:21
This release supports the Generic Sensor API, a universal standard that lets web apps talk to sensors in devices like VR headsets and fitness trackers. You could move around a 3D world just by moving your head or wrist, for instance. You should also see a unified experience between mobile VR and its more advanced desktop counterparts. If you're nervous about Spectre-style attacks, there's also wider use of site isolation to reduce the chances of a page swiping data from your other browser tabs.
All told, this may be one of the more quietly significant Chrome updates in recent months. You'll have to wait for sites to support all the new features, but they could change how you interact with the web.
Stop in at the Rochester Historical Society booth at the Rochester Country Fair on August 18, 19, 20. We will have farming artifacts, Rochester T-shirts, sweatshirts, and hats for sale, books on the history of Rochester, information on many of the older homes in Rochester and much more. Additionally we'll have a photo contest and raffle. Saturday will feature a Bake Sale. It would be a good time to renew your membership or join the Historical Society for next year.
There will be no monthly Historical Society Meeting this month (August). Our September meeting will be Wednesday, September 13 (a week earlier than usual) at 7:00 pm at the Church/Museum at 355 County Road. Keeping in line with the theme of the Country Fair, the subject of this meeting will be History of Farming in Rochester, Past and Present. Connie Eshbach will be the speaker. Members and non-members are always welcome. Please come and learn about Rochester's roots … Perhaps you have some farming stories to share.
If you are on Facebook, check us out at Rochester MA Historical Society. There's always something interesting on it.
ARLINGTON, Texas (AP) — The mother of a Texas man whom police fatally shot last year says sheriff's deputies recently turned up at their mother's home to serve a warrant for the dead man's arrest.
Dee Crane told The Associated Press Wednesday that Tarrant County deputies came to the house in Arlington this month, upsetting their family "all over again."
Sheriff's office spokesperson David McClelland hasn't responded to messages seeking comment.
Tavis Crane, a black 23-year-old, was killed in February 2017. Authorities say they ran over an Arlington police officer while attempting to flee a traffic stop.
Advertisement
Another officer, Craig Roper, fatally shot Crane in their car. Both officers are white.
Crane's two-year-old daughter and two friends were also in the car. They were not hurt.
A grand jury took no action against Roper.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A brand-new weather warning has been issued for the West Midlands by the Met Office.
The fresh alert comes into effect on Tuesday for the West Midlands region.
The agency is warning ice could spark traffic and chaos for commuters on the second day of the working week.
It comes after a hellish two weeks for Birmingham in terms of weather.
The city has been pummelled by the Beast from the East - and then the Beast from the East part 2 over this weekend.
Some stores even ran out of supplies, while flights were grounded at airports across the country.
(Image: Graham Young)
Running events - like the Coventry Half Marathon - were cancelled, causing a frustration to runners.
And football matches across the UK had to be played out on snowy pitches with specially drawn lines.
Monday looks like it'll bring lows of -3C - but it will feel much colder.
Indeed, forecasters are saying we can expect the mercury to plunge below freezing but feel a bone-chilling -7C at times.
And on Tuesday, the Met Office warns "ice is likely to form on some untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths".
They add: "This increases the risk of accidents, as well as injuries from slips and falls."
The alert will end at 9am on Tuesday.
The Chief Forecaster adds: "After a clear start in many areas with the temperature falling below freezing through Monday evening, it will turn cloudier from the north, with the possibility of some wintry showers in places.
"The temperature may come back above freezing in some places for a time, but will fall below again where the cloud breaks.
"Therefore, ice is likely to form where untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths are left wet after snow melts during the day, or partly melted snow refreezes, and where wintry showers occur overnight."
This is the forecast for this week so far.
Today's forecast:
After a very cold start, it should be a dry and fine day with sunny spells. Remaining breezy but with lighter winds than on Sunday. Temperatures recovering closer to average. Maximum temperature 6 °C.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Outlook for Tuesday to Thursday:
After a frosty start, dry and fine on Tuesday with lighter winds. Turning more unsettled thereafter with spells of rain and strengthening winds, although with temperatures recovering closer to average.
Temperatures will reach a relatively balmy 8C on Thursday.
Site preparation begins for the relocation and rehabilitation of the historic portion of the former building
The Santa Barbara Airport has begun the final milestone in the airline terminal project.
Phase 3 consists of the relocation and rehabilitation of the historic portion of the former terminal building and construction of a new short-term parking lot and terminal roadway.
Passengers should expect to see a 60-foot crane, used for soil preparation and stabilization, outside the terminal's northeast corner starting Friday and continuing for the next three weeks
Already In Progress
» Deconstruction of the nonhistoric portions of the old airline terminal
» Demolition of the former rental car building on William Moffett Road (complete)
» New entrance/exit to the Rental Car Return Lot (complete)
Sustainable Santa Barbara
One of the features of the terminal project is its sustainable design. As part of that effort, the rehabilitation of the historic portion of the former terminal involves the reuse of all existing red roof tile.
Also, the majority of all concrete and asphalt being deconstructed will be reused to build the new loop road and short-term parking lot.
— Lynn Houston is a marketing specialist for the Santa Barbara Airport.
If you like to gamble online and often want to try new games, you might make sure to play Capsa Arrange online.
But if you have not done much research, you may not be entirely sure what Capsa Stack is online, or whether you should go ahead and play it.
What is Capsa Stacking online? – Capsa Arrange is no more complex than the name used in Malaysia and Indonesia for Chinese poker.
The law of the game is slightly different from the poker game you may know, but as you learn it, you really can win big.
Look for pages that tell you all about the ins and outs of Capsa Stack online, and start playing to receive the exercise.
Where to play Capsa Stack online – There are a number of really nice Malaysian and Indonesian pages that you can fight for with Capsa Stack games, you just need to find the most reputable.
This can be done with a quick visit to the online chat room where other Capsa Susun Online players hang out, and with requests for help from them all over.
Be sure to listen to what they say to you about a good repute page, and you should have no problem avoiding unreputable ones.
How does the system win on Capsa Stack online? – There are some really nice Malaysian and Indonesian pages that give you tips on winning systems on Capsa Stack.
These web-pages are often only available in Malay but, if you place the page via an alias program like Google Translate, you can actually find out what they are trying to say to you.
Take a look at some of the pages that have been recommended to you, before you sign up, visit one of the pages that provide tips on playing and winning systems on Capsa Arrange online. Reading these pages for just a few minutes should at least start you, and give you more profit than other budding players.
How much can you win on Capsa Arrange? – Just like any other online casino game, it depends on how much you bet and how often you play.
Determine how much you will bet on Capsa Arrange for next week, and then decide how much you will bet on each hand. After you have these two numbers solved, you can start playing.
As long as you are consistent on both of these amounts, and do not rush on bets more than you plan on just because you're either winning or winning, you'll have a fixed amount of money to bet for a week.
The main thing to remember is, when you start to lose and you can not find a winning system, stop playing for the day and try your luck again one day after today.
Any Malaysian or Indonesian player who does not lose a lot of money while playing Capsa Stacking online will tell you the exact same thing.
Sir, – Minister for Education Richard Bruton continues their ongoing assertion that the starting rate of pay for a new teacher is a “very competitive salary” (“Salary for new teachers ‘very competitive', -says Bruton”, February 1st). From the perspective of fairness, integrity and transparency, they need to clarify their point by saying that “the starting salary for a full-time teacher” is very competitive.
In my experience, very few young teachers get full-time positions for a number of years after qualification and many are teaching in excess of six and seven years and still do not have full hours.
Second, can the Minister please stop mentioning October 2020 as a time when a new teacher's salary will be “very competitive”?
Their reference point is two years and nine months from now, and that projected increase will not pay the rent for newly qualified teachers in the intervening 33 months in such cities as Dublin, Cork, Galway or Limerick. Newly qualified teachers know that buying a house in one of our major cities, or even aspiring to own one, is totally beyond their reach, unless of course the bank of mammy and daddy is well packed.
Finally, could the Minister also disclose the fact that the top of a newly qualified teacher's salary is €67,025. However, please also mention, in the interest of clarity that it will take them – God willing and with good health – 35 years in their chosen profession to get to the top of their salary scale?
One wonders how many of their classmates from university in different roles who qualify with a degree, and a two-year masters (six years in college normally) at say 25 years of age, will work until they are 60 years of age to get to the top of their salary scale?
The Minster should consider shortening the existing 35-year salary scale rather than trying to encourage retired teachers to come back into the profession. – Yours, etc,
RAY SILKE,
Moycullen, Co Galway.
SANTIAGO, Chile (AP) — Chile's Supreme Court has approved a transgender person's request to change their name and registered gender without reassignment surgery.
Chile's judiciary announced Wednesday that the top court had decided to strike down an earlier ruling by an appeals court in the capital. The statement from the judiciary did not provide the person's name.
A bill that would give adults the right to change the gender listed on their official records has stalled in Congress. The measure is facing challenges from the Roman Catholic Church.
Conservative lawmakers say they would approve the bill as long as it excludes underage minors and teenagers.
Advertisement
Lorena Lorca, a law professor who led the case, said the ruling is historic because it adheres to international human rights principles that allow judges to make the change.
For Chronoswiss, the year 2013 will be an important one: for one, it marks the thirtieth anniversary of the brand's founding. There is, however, another reason to celebrate: the legendary Regulateur will turn 25. Therefore, it makes sense to pay tribute to the ticking figurehead of the brand – in the shape of the Regulateur 30.
This anniversary watch is actually an “untypical” Regulateur, very surprising in that it includes a window at the 12 o'clock position. It is here that the hour is placed within a “digital” display. The minute display has moved upward a little bit, intersecting the display of seconds.
As an exclusive anniversary model, the Regulateur 30 will be available only in a limited edition of 130 pieces in a red gold case and 300 pieces in a stainless steel case.
Its delightful “face” is what captures one's attention at first sight, boasting a lavish barleycorn guilloché pattern cut into the pure Sterling silver dial and emanating from its center. Both versions also contain a chessboard guilloché pattern within the minute and seconds subdials.
This timeless aesthetic is completed by thermally blued hands, which have been ground by hand and thus display precisely the right length for the dials' displays. Less obvious little details like these will continue to play a large role at Chronoswiss in the future – for the next 30 years and beyond.
Technical Data
Model Régulateur 30
Reference numbers CH 2811 R 18-karat red gold (limited edition of 130 watches)
CH 2813 Stainless steel (limited edition of 300 watches)
Case Solid 21-part case, polished, flat, screw-down polished bezel with full thread und anti-reflective coating on one side of sapphire crystal, screw-down polished case back with full thread and anti-reflective coating on one side of sapphire crystal, onion-style crown (solid in material of case), screw-in lugs with patented Autobloc System, water-resistant to 3 atm
Measurements Ø 40 mm, height 9.65 mm
Movement C.283
Diameter Ø 25,60 mm ( 11½ ´´´)
Height 3.60 mm
Jewels 21
Balance Glucydur, three-legged
Balance spring Nivarox I
Shock protection Incabloc shock protection
Frequency Hz., 28.800 vph (oscillations)
Power reserve Approx. 42 hours
Special features Skeletonized and gold-plated rotor with côtes de Genève, ball bearing, polished pallet lever, escape wheel and screws, bridges with côtes de Genève
Dial Solid Sterling silver (925), guilloché
Hands Blued hands, hand-finished, Feuille shape
Strap Louisiana crocodile leather
Clasp Pin buckle or folding clasp
About Chronoswiss
Chronoswiss was founded in the middle of the quartz crisis, 1983, a time only visionary pioneers believed in the survival and comeback of mechanical watches. Entrepreneurial spirit and ingenious inventions such as the transparent case back, the unique Chronoswiss design and of course the Regulator wristwatch lead to immediate success and helped to save fine Swiss watchmaking. After decades of the Regulator being the most successful model the still independent watchmaker goes back to its origins and reinvents the Regulator watch in the 21st century. The strictly mechanical Swiss made watch producer annually manufactures some 2,000 timepieces. These are exported to 26 countries, where they can be purchased from 150 select specialized dealers. The company headquarters are located in Lucerne, Switzerland.
CHICAGO (AP) — Workers at Chicago hotels now have "panic buttons" to summon help if needed.
An ordinance that took effect this week requires hotels to provide the buttons. They're intended to protect housekeeping staff and others who work alone in guest rooms from sexual harassment and other crimes.
A survey of 500 workers conducted by Unite Here Local 1 found 58 percent reported they've experienced at least one incident of sexual harassment by guests. The most common was guests answering their door naked.
The buttons trigger a message to the cellphone of the employee's supervisor, manager and human resources department and provide the employee's name and location.
Advertisement
Karen Kent is president of Unite Here Local 1. They say it's "a new day for women working in Chicago hotels."
The reality show will be shooting from late summer through the fall and is looking to crew up the following positions:
A Canada-based production company is looking to crew up for a long-term shoot on the South Coast of Santa Barbara County.
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer
Welcome to Noozhawk Asks, a new feature in which you ask the questions, you help decide what Noozhawk investigates, and you work with us to find the answers.
Here's how it works: You share your questions with us in the nearby box. In some cases, we may work with you to find the answers. In others, we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope. And we'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic.
We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together. Noozhawk's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness, and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it.
The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section. Once or twice a month, we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered.
Thanks for asking!
Click Here to Get Started >
Restaurant Brands New Zealand lifted first-quarter sales 12 per cent after the fast-food operator acquired a further 13 KFC stores in Australia.
The Auckland-based company said sales increased to $180 million in the 12 weeks ended May 21, from $161.2m in the equivalent period a year earlier.
New Zealand operations lifted sales 2.8 per cent to $97.4m, while Australian sales surged 44 per cent to $42.8m and Hawaiian sales rose 8.4 per cent to $39.8m.
On a same-store basis, total sales rose a more modest 2.9 per cent. The company's shares slipped 1.9 per cent to $7.72 in early trading today, having gained 7.8 per cent so far this year.
Advertisement
New Zealand's largest fast-food operator is expanding into new overseas markets to drive future earnings growth.
The company operates the KFC, Pizza Hut, Starbucks Coffee and Carl's Jr brands in New Zealand and has expanded its business to KFC in Australia and Taco Bell and Pizza Hut in Hawaii, with almost half its sales generated overseas last year.
It had a total of 309 stores at the end of the quarter, boosted by the acquisition of a further 13 KFC stores in Australia.
In New Zealand, its largest market, total store numbers across its brands reduced by two to 167 from the year-earlier period.
It added two KFC stores taking the total to 94 with sales up 5.8 per cent to $75m, but in its local Pizza Hut business, sales slipped 5.4 per cent to $9.2m as store numbers reduced by one to 33.
It sold three stores to independent franchisees during the quarter, taking the total number of independent stores to 65. Total network sales across the 98 stores advanced 1.2 per cent to $23.4m.
Meanwhile, Starbucks Coffee sales slipped 6.1 per cent to $5.7m as store numbers dropped by two to 22, while the 19 Carl's Jr sales fell 6.9 per cent to $7.5m as store numbers fell by one to 18.
In Australia, first-quarter sales jumped 44 per cent to $42.8m as total store numbers increased by 14 to 61 following the acquisition of 13 stores and one new store opening.
Its Hawaiian-based business increased sales by 8.4 per cent to $39.8m, helped by an extra week's trading. The Taco Bell chain lifted sales 8 per cent to $22.6m as store numbers reduced by one to 36 due to a lease expiry. The 45 Pizza Hut stores in that market lifted sales 8.8 per cent to $17.2m.
Greater education among families hiring au pairs is needed rather than increased regulation of the sector, the Migrant Rights Centre Ireland (MRCI) has said.
Irish families looking to hire a person to care for their children have an obligation to read up on their rights and responsibilities as employers when it comes to pay, working conditions, accommodation and rest periods, the MRCI said.
The group's comments followed a Labour Court ruling on Thursday that a Dublin couple made an unlawful financial demand of their au pair.
In two separate rulings the court ordered this week that Bernardine and Thomas McCormack reimburse the €510 they requested from their Brazilian former au pair when they told them they were leaving their post. The court also ordered the couple to pay an additional €4,947 after finding they were paid an effective hourly rate of €2.78.
MRCI legal adviser Jane O'Connell said on Friday that Irish families who do not give au pairs a written contract are breaking the law and told RTÉ's Morning Ireland that the migrant centre was dealing with 2,000 cases of people who are uncertain about their rights.
“We see cases like this all the time, one out of eight of them is a domestic worker, including au pairs. Au pairs are workers. The law says they are workers and they are entitled to rights.”
Full employment protection
As employees, au pairs are entitled to the full employment protection under the International Labour Organization's Domestic Workers Convention. This includes the right to receive a written statement of terms and conditions of employment or a written contract, to receive payslips and to avail of annual leave and public holidays. They have a right to work on average no more than a 48-hour working week, to receive a premium for work on a Sunday, to be given breaks/rest periods, to receive minimum notice before dismissal, not to have personal documents retained by employers and to work in a safe and healthy environment.
Families hiring au pairs should not only pay the national minimum wage – €9.55 an hour since January 1st, 2018 – but should also register as employers to pay PRSI.
At the same time, families are entitled to deduct €54.13 a week for board and lodging, €32.14 a week for full board only and €21.85 for lodgings only. Employers are also legally obliged to keep records of hours worked.
A spokesperson for the Department of Business reiterated that the onus rests with an employer – in this case the family employing the au pair – “to be aware of and be compliant with the various applicable employment law statutes”.
The Department of Employment Affairs and Social Protection highlighted that there was no legal definition of the term “au pair” within Irish legislation and that individuals who fall under this heading are not treated as a separate category of workers under Irish employment law.
Caroline Joyce, director of Cara International au pair agency, says the Government should work with private agencies to create tax credit incentives for families who hire au pairs and warns that the current market is pushing numerous families into the “black economy” in their search for childcare options.
“The biggest competitor is online forums with a lot of people going through Facebook and posting a photo of their family with the message that they're looking for an au pair. Lots of girls are finding jobs through this black economy which leaves a shortage for the agencies. It's destroying us as a business and a number of agencies have closed now.”
Ms Joyce said au pairs looking to work in Ireland should apply through registered agencies to ensure both their rights and the rights of their employer are fully protected. They also raised concern over the training of au pairs, saying greater regulation was needed in the area of child protection. “We talk about children's rights but we need to be sure that they're being minded by people with proper training and who understand best practice.”
With no registration system, the number of au pairs working in the country is unknown. However, MRCI estimate there are some 20,000 Irish households employing au pairs.
WASHINGTON (AP) " Attorney General Jeff Sessions gave more than two hours of sometimes heated testimony to Congress, with Democrats demanding details of matters including conversations with President Donald Trump, interactions with the Russian ambassador and the firing of FBI Director James Comey. The appearance before the Senate intelligence committee Tuesday gave Sessions a chance to defend himself, but offered little new insight.
Some takeaways from Sessions' appearance before the committee:
COLLUSION
Sessions, a close Trump adviser during the battle for the presidency, said in their opening statement that it was a "detestable and appalling lie" to suggest they were aware of or participated in any collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign. They said they never met with, or had conversations with, Russians about election interference.
Advertisement
Sessions recused themselves from the Russia probe in March after it was revealed they twice met with the Russian ambassador during the campaign but failed to say so at their confirmation hearing. Sessions reiterated Tuesday those meetings were in their capacity as a lawmaker and not about the campaign.
___
RUSSIAN AMBASSADOR
Sessions was adamant they never had a third meeting with the Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. They did allow for the possibility the men could have had a brief interaction "in passing" at a well-attended reception at the Mayflower Hotel before an April 2016 foreign policy speech by then-candidate Trump. But Sessions said they had no recollection of that.
He's been hounded by speculation over the possibility of a third meeting, with Democratic senators calling for an investigation. But Sessions angrily denounced such claims as "secret innuendo," a likely reference to media accounts of a closed-door briefing lawmakers had last week with Comey that suggested the FBI had been looking into whether another meeting had taken place.
___
RECUSAL
Sessions insisted they stepped aside from the Russia investigation because they were a principal adviser to the Trump campaign, not because they did something wrong or was a subject of the probe. Comey testified publicly last week the FBI was aware of reasons it would be problematic for Sessions to remain involved in the probe before they recused himself.
Sessions was sworn in Feb. 9 but did not actually step away from the investigation until March 2, the day after The Washington Post reported on their two previously undisclosed Kislyak meetings. But they said Tuesday they anticipated the conflict of interest and effectively recused themselves on their first day on the job, and was never briefed on the Russia investigation.
They disputed that their involvement in Comey's firing violated the recusal. They said they and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein had long discussed their concerns with Comey's job performance. Namely, they were upset with their very public handling of the Hillary Clinton email probe, which Sessions said was a "usurpation" of Justice Department authority.
Sessions said it would be "absurd" to suggest that a recusal from a single investigation would render them unable to manage the leadership of the FBI.
___
EXECUTIVE PRIVILEGE
Sessions repeatedly refused to discuss private conversations with Trump on a wide variety of topics. They did not say they were using executive privilege, but rather adhering to longstanding tradition of Justice Department leaders to refrain from revealing the contents of private conversations with the president. That position was similar to the one taken at a separate hearing last week by the country's intelligence chiefs.
Their refusals to comment, including about conversations with Trump on Comey's firing, repeatedly irked committee Democrats. But time and again, Sessions returned to lines such as: "I am not able to discuss with you or confirm or deny the nature of private conversations that I may have had with the president on this subject or others."
The Justice Department subsequently released decades-old memos from its Office of Legal Counsel that it said supported Sessions' position.
___
COMEY
Sessions contradicted Comey, who last week told the intelligence panel that after an encounter with Trump in which they said Trump pressured them to back off an investigation into the former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, Comey "implored" Sessions to make sure they were never left alone with the president again " but that Sessions didn't respond.
"He didn't recall this, but I responded to their comment by agreeing that the FBI and Department of Justice needed to be careful to follow department policy regarding appropriate contacts with the White House," Sessions told the panel.
They also said Comey should have shared their concerns about the Trump conversation with another Justice Department official, Dana Boente, who was then acting deputy attorney general, and would have been Comey's direct supervisor.
If Comey had information that Sessions would need to recuse himself, they said, that would have been "double reason" to talk to Boente.
Video: This Is The Weirdest Place I've Had Sex – Skales Bares Their Sexual Escapades
Nigerian singer and Kaduna star, Skales has opened up more on themselves in a recent interview granted to TheNet's secret questions. The singer who came under attack from their fans a couple of weeks ago opened up on their sexual escapades, revealing the weirdest place they have ever had sex. Skales, born Raoul John Njeng-Njeng,…
The post Video: This Is The Weirdest Place I've Had Sex – Skales Bares Their Sexual Escapades appeared first on The Herald Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Herald Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Cathy Martin, Director of West Coast Cooler Belfast FASHIONWEEK, is a passionate campaigner for Breast Cancer Awareness and regularly hosts a special event in support of Action Cancer.
Cathy speaks to Belfast News Letter to tell us all about the special Style Sunday event held in support of Action Cancer, and why it is vital to think pink this October.
West Coast Cooler Belfast Fashion Week is holding Style Sunday on October 29 in support of Action Cancer from 2-5pm at James Street South. To book, call FASHIONWEEK on 02890421509 or go online to: belfastfashionweek.com.
“Style Sunday is one of our flagship events at FASHIONWEEK,” Cathy explains.
“We always close the season with this, as it is our more relaxed and ‘grown up' fashion show which features a four course fashion luncheon and style and beauty sessions in between courses.
“In the past we've hosted it at Cayenne, Deanes, Coco and SHU, but this season we are back at James Street South - one of most popular venues for the event.
“It will take place on Sunday, October 29 from 2-5pm and it costs £45 per person. We supported Mencap for 10 years and 20 seasons but then moved to Action Cancer's breast cancer awareness campaign as my mother was suffering from breast cancer at the time (and later passed away from the disease, in July 2016).
Cathy Martin presents to an excited crowd at the launch of the AW 17 Belfast Fashion Week
“Money raised on the day goes directly to Action Cancer's breast screening services, which allow women aged between 40-49 and 70+ to have a free mammogram at their HQ on Malone Road, or on one of the mobile screening units which travel throughout Northern Ireland.”
The four course luncheon also includes runway shows and makeup tips from from popular beauty brand Illamasqua.
“My mum didn't lose their hair when going through chemo and radiotherapy but many women do,” Cathy tells us.
“Having worked as a stylist to women who've suffered from breast cancer, many ladies also have various body issues after mastectomies - everything from feeling a loss of femininity to dealing with ‘ugly' scars and just the sheer overwhelming exhaustion of dealing with such a debilitating disease.
“Something else that I found out working with breast cancer patients is that many people's partners find it difficult to deal with the disease, or caring for a sick loved one, so on top of coping with illness, a lot of women also have to deal with break ups and the emotional effects of lost love too - it is just awful and not something that a bit of lippy and a haircut can solve.
“Having said that, a little boost of self-confidence and esteem can work wonders as part of a kick-start to feeling normal again. It's not a cure-all by any means, but my experience is that having a makeover can help, even just a teeny bit.
“Healing starts from the inside and a little bit of happiness helps with health, so boosting women's physical appearance and inner confidence is a good thing,” Cathy adds.
“On the day, at Style Sunday, makeup artist Paddy McGurgan will give tips on skincare and make up using our makeup partner Illamasqua products, and we also show fashion, this season it will be from Blush Boutique on Lisburn Road. As a brand, Illamasqua is all about supporting individuality and making sure every face is acceptable in society, whatever that person's chosen look or situation is.
“It really is a wonderful, forward-thinking brand and I am delighted they are our makeup partner, along with Paddy McGurgan's Make Up Pro stores.
“As well as Action Cancer, we also work with charity Pretty ‘n' Pink and their goal is to help with making female breast cancer sufferers feel confident again.
“As well as all the wonderful activity they do, they produce breast check reminder cards, with tips on how to actually check your breasts and look out for signs of breast cancer.
“It's a wonderful reminder because such a tiny and momentary check can make all the difference in spotting cancer early and making it more easily treatable.”
Style Sunday takes place on Sunday, October 29 from 2-5pm at James Street South. To book, call FASHIONWEEK on 02890421509 or go online to: belfastfashionweek.com.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Three women who have previously accused President Donald Trump of sexual harassment shared their stories on NBC's "Megyn Kelly Today."
Jessica Leeds, Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks on Monday told of alleged harassment by Trump spanning decades.
The White House called the claims false and "totally disputed in most cases." It said "the timing and absurdity of these false claims speak volumes."
One of the accusers, Rachel Crooks, called the White House statement "laughable."
Advertisement
Crooks said of sexual misconduct: "I think politicians seem to be immune to this."
Holvey described the pain the women felt after Trump's victory. "We are private citizens and for us to put ourselves out there, to try to show America who this man is, and especially how they view women, for them to say, 'Meh, we don't care,' it hurt."
The women, who first shared their stories before the November 2016 election, were holding a press conference later Monday to call for a congressional investigation into Trump's alleged behavior. They cited the recent revelations of sexual misconduct by prominent men in business, media, and politics, for their decision to speak out publicly against Trump once again.
"The environment's different," Holvey said. "Let's try again."
US Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said the Trump administration's timetable for tax reform is set to falter following setbacks in negotiations with Congress over healthcare, the Financial Times reported on Monday.
On the campaign trail, President Trump promised to reduce the headline corporate tax rate to 15 per cent, while Republicans proposed that a border adjustment tax would be implemented to partly pay for the measure.
Goodbody Stockbrokers says the delay will, “for selfish reasons, be surely welcomed by Irish officials”, although it warned that the threat “is still very much there”.
Mnuchin told the Financial Times in an interview that the target to get tax reforms through Congress and on President Donald Trump's desk before August was “highly aggressive to not realistic at this point”.
“It is fair to say it is probably delayed a bit because of the healthcare,” Mnuchin told the newspaper.
Mnuchin also told the Financial Times they agreed with Trump's view that the dollar's strength in the short term was hurting exports, but said they saw the currency's strength over the long term as a positive.
“As the world's currency, the primary reserve currency, I think that over long periods of time the strength of the dollar is a good thing,” the Financial Times quoted Mnuchin as saying.
Trump has signaled they want to streamline the income tax system, cut federal regulations, reduce corporate income tax and add new taxes to prod companies to keep or move production to the United States.
Trump and Republicans in Congress are also trying to overhaul the Affordable Care Act, commonly known as Obamacare.
But efforts to pass a bill in the U.S. House of Representatives to repeal and replace Obamacare failed last month, dealing a major setback to the administration.
(Additional reporting Reuters)
TWO soldiers died and eight others were wounded after the military truck they were riding flipped as it avoided a child who suddenly crossed the road in Cotabato, according to a military report.
The two fatalities were identified only as PFC Pregillana and PVT Marsaga who were declared dead on arrival at the Antipas Medical Specialist Hospital.
In their report, Lt. Silver Belvis, civil-military operations officer of the 39th Infantry Battalion (IB), said the accident happened at about 9:30 a.m. at the Crossing Bulwang Spring/ So Lukeke, Barangay Malatab, Antipas.
A squad under the 39th IB was onboard a KM450 military truck that was traveling along the Antipas-Arakan road when a child immediately crossed it, prompting the driver to swerve the vehicle as it flipped and fell 10 feet below the left side of the road.
Belvis said the troops came from security operations in Arakan, North Cotabato.
In a separate police report, PFC Manuel Lumanod, 32, driver of the military vehicle, suffered minor injuries.
The other casualties were identified only as Lumanod; Cpl. Anta; PVT Lacunsay; PFC Amarillo; PVT Guimay; PVT Gepitulan; PVT Alao; and PFC Silva. DEMPSEY REYES
Enjoy a day of cooking demonstrations, boat rides, ship tours and more on Oct. 8
Join the City of Santa Barbara Waterfront Department from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday, Oct. 8 for the 10th annual Santa Barbara Harbor & Seafood Festival.
The event showcases a variety of regional seafood along with live music, cooking demonstrations, maritime education, children's activities, free boat rides, tall-ship tours, a museum raffle and more.
Enjoy lobster and crab fresh from the boats plus prawns, albacore, clam chowder, oysters, lobster bisque, seafood gumbo and seafood paella provided by local fishermen and waterfront restaurants such as The Endless Summer bar-café and Brophy Bros.
On the music stage, enjoy return performances by local favorites The Ride, Spencer the Gardener and San Diego-based Fish and the Seaweeds.
Free boat rides aboard the Celebration and the Double Dolphin (Santa Barbara Sailing Center) will offer harbor views from the water, while dozens of arts and crafts booths offer something for everyone, including limited-edition festival posters by local artist Janice Blair.
And don't forget to include a docent-led tour of the Maritime Museum and tours of the Coast Guard Cutter Blackfin, a Harbor Patrol fireboat and the tall ship Spirit of Dana Point.
The Harbor & Seafood Festival is presented by the City of Santa Barbara Waterfront Department in conjunction with the Commercial Fishermen of Santa Barbara Inc., the Santa Barbara Harbor Merchants Association and the Santa Barbara Maritime Museum. For complete details, click here or call 805.897.1962.
— Brian Slagle represents the City of Santa Barbara Waterfront Department.
A 51-year-old man was killed defending their pregnant wife during a home invasion robbery. Their brother has set up a GoFundMe to help their wife and unborn child. Screenshot from GoFundMe
CAIRO (AP) — Yemen's official news agency says the Shiite rebels have killed at least 20 people and detained dozens across the country's north since killing their top ally, former President Ali Abdullah Saleh.
The rebels known as Houthis appear to be escalating their crackdown on any possible sign of rebellion among their one-time allies from Saleh's party, the General People's Congress. They are also shutting down the internet and tightening an already existing media blackout.
According to SABA, the official news agency now under control of the internationally-recognized government, the Houthis also blew up 20 houses in the northern province of Hajja and replaced the province's governor who was a onetime Saleh associate.
The agency reported on Monday that the Houthis also arrested 49 people in Mahwet, another northern province in Yemen.
…Says, I am now a born-again Christian
By Rotimi Agbana
In a new interview which graced the covers of many Nigerian newspapers on Saturday, March 17, alleged serial killer, Adeola Williams, otherwise known as Ade Lawyer admitted to lying against Prince Kazeem Eletu-Odibo and other top personalities.
According to Ade Lawyer who now claims to be a born again Christian, they also lied earlier that they worked for Prince Kazeem Eletu during the fight between them and Oba Elegushi.
Speaking on why they roped Prince Kazeem, Ade Lawyer said:
“Though I didn't know Prince Kazeem before, I have heard their name very well and I asked for assistance from them several times through somebody who knows them but they refused to help me, and that was why I mentioned their name too. But now, I am a born-again Christian and I will always say the truth and stand by the truth.”
Prince Kazeem had earlier reacted to Ade Lawyer's claim via a press release, where they (Kazeem) washed their hands off the allegations, stressing that the suspect has never worked for him.
Prince Kazeem disclosed that they saw them once, when they came alongside some area boys during a dispute over a land boundary, adding that it was the first and the last time they met him.
The alleged serial killer, Ade Lawyer, who was arrested for the murder of Ganiyu Ayinla, popularly known as Pinero, later affirmed Prince Kazeem's earlier statement in their latest interview, which has been widely circulated in the media.
Reacting to Ade Lawyer's latest confession, Prince Kazeem said:
“What else can I say which hasn't been said in the press release I issued earlier? I don't know them and I am very happy they have come out to say the truth. I am very grateful to God and I will continue to serve humanity irrespective of whatever they write or say about me.”
Even after the success of The Force Awakens and Rogue One, there's always a concern that a new Star Wars movie might disappoint. Following its world premiere at the Shrine Auditorium in Hollywood over the weekend, it seems The Last Jedi isn't going to fall into this category. In fact, many who saw it claim the eighth entry in the main franchise is the best Star Wars movie ever.
The embargo on full reviews for The Last Jedi doesn't lift until Tuesday, but those who attended the premier have left glowing, spoiler-free responses on social media. Gizmodo's Germain Lussier called it “Intense, funny, emotional, exciting,” adding that they “loved it so, so much. I'm still shaking.”
Star Wars: The Last Jedi is everything. Intense, funny, emotional, exciting. It's jam-packed with absolutely jaw dropping moments and I loved it so, so much. I'm still shaking. pic.twitter.com/fHddWjo201 — Germain Lussier (@GermainLussier) December 10, 2017
Fandango managing editor Erik Davis was equally full of praise, calling it “absolutely fantastic - gripping, touching, funny and powerful.”
#TheLastJedi is absolutely fantastic - gripping, touching, funny and powerful w/ gorgeous shots and the most badass battles. When it gets going, holy crap does it get going. Hands down the best #StarWars movie since Empire pic.twitter.com/nWWAhlNMJo — ErikDavis (@ErikDavis) December 10, 2017
Many singled out the fantastic performances of Mark Hamill and the late Carrie Fisher, with Entertainment Weekly's Anthony Breznican tweeting: “You may not always feel how you want to feel, but the feelings will be genuine and deep, and I am grateful for them. Especially when it comes to @carrieffisher.”
You may not always feel how you want to feel, but the feelings will be genuine and deep, and I am grateful for them. Especially when it comes to @carrieffisher. #TheLastJedi pic.twitter.com/gw2ntT3ATp — Anthony Breznican (@Breznican) December 10, 2017
As was the case with The Force Awakens, it seems that The Last Jedi contains some major shocks, with several viewers noting their surprise at certain scenes. They also warn people to avoid spoilers—not an easy task when doing virtually anything online—so once December 15 arrives, make sure to see it as soon as possible.
However, not everyone thinks The Last Jedi is the best Star Wars title in the franchise's history. Critic Scott Mantz said that while they liked it and found the movie great fun overall, they didn't love it and considers Rogue One to be better.
THE LAST JEDI: A little too long & dragged in the middle, but great fun overall! As good as The Force Awakens; Rogue One is better! More humor than expected, great #StarWars moments, #MarkHamill is awesome! A worthy Episode VIII pic.twitter.com/HHihSa788D — Scott Mantz (@MovieMantz) December 10, 2017
Last month, Disney announced plans for a live-action Star Wars TV series and a brand-new trilogy, the latter of which will be created by The Last Jedi director Rian Johnson.
BEIJING (AP) — Premier Li Keqiang said Tuesday that China doesn't want to see a "trade war" with the United States and hopes to reach a negotiated settlement of disputes.
Speaking at a nationally televised news conference, Li said rash action would hurt all sides. They made no mention of a possible Chinese response to any increase in U.S. import controls.
Beijing faces mounting pressure from the government of U.S. President Donald Trump over complaints it hampers access to its markets, pressures foreign companies to hand over technology and is flooding foreign markets with unfairly low-priced steel and other goods.
That has prompted concern possible U.S. import controls might set off a cycle of retaliation by Beijing and other governments.
Advertisement
"No one will emerge a winner from a trade war," said Li. They said that would be contrary to trade rules based on negotiation and dialogue and would damage a mutually beneficial U.S.-Chinese trading relationship.
"What we hope is for us to act rationally rather than being led by emotions," they said. "We don't want to see a trade war."
Chinese trade officials said earlier that Beijing was ready to respond, though they gave no details. Business groups have suggested they could target U.S. exports of jetliners, soybeans and other goods for which China is a major market.
Asked whether Beijing might use its large holdings of U.S. government debt as leverage in a dispute, the premier said China's investments are based on market principles and "China will remain a responsible long-term investor."
Also Tuesday, Li promised China "will open even wider" to imports and investment and will fully open manufacturing industries to foreign competitors.
Beijing plans to eliminate import tariffs on drugs and slash duties on consumer goods, said Li. They said the country will "fully open the manufacturing sector," with better protection for intellectual property.
Chinese leaders are moving to make their slowing, state-dominated economy more productive. They have promised to open more industries to private and foreign competition, but business groups complain they are moving too slowly.
"If there is one thing that will be different from the past, that will be that China will open even wider," said Li.
Beijing plans to "further bring down overall tariffs," with "zero tariffs for drugs, especially much-needed anti-cancer drugs," the premier said.
"We will also fully open the manufacturing sector," said Li. "There will be no mandatory requirement for technology transfers and intellectual property rights will be better protected."
Beijing faces complaints it violates its market-opening commitments by requiring automakers and other foreign companies to hand over technology to potential Chinese competitors. Washington is investigating whether Beijing is acting improperly, a probe American officials have suggested might lead to trade penalties.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham has been hit by a barrage of snow in the past few days.
But, thankfully, the flurries of the white stuff appear to be dissipating.
Unfortunately, the departure of snowfall is promising to leave behind icy roads and treacherous conditions.
Tonight, temperatures are set to plummet well below freezing, as Birmingham is hit by an ice blast.
Conditions tomorrow morning are set to be particularly dangerous for commuters.
The Met Office and Highways England are both urging vigilance among motorists.
But what is the weather forecast for Tuesday?
A yellow weather warning has been put into effect by the Met Office.
It will be in effect until 11am on Tuesday.
(Image: Graham Young)
Temperatures are set to reach highs of freezing, with lows of -1C.
Alarmingly, it will feel much colder, according to forecasters.
Experts reckon it will feel a teeth-chattering -8C until 8am, with temperatures ranging from -3C to -7C from 9am until 11pm.
No snow is expected, with cloudy cover likely and sunny spells sporadically.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Any freezing fog will lift to leave a fine and sunny morning.
Sunshine will turn hazier through the afternoon but it should remain dry until evening.
Met Office Regional Forecast for West Midlands
Very cold tonight with icy stretches.
This Evening and Tonight:
Dry overnight with largely clear skies, although a little freezing fog patches may form. With light winds, there will be another widespread and severe frost with a risk of ice for many. Minimum temperature -12 °C.
Tuesday:
Any freezing fog will lift to leave a fine and sunny morning. Sunshine will turn hazier through the afternoon but it should remain dry until evening. Staying very cold. Maximum temperature 2 °C.
Outlook for Wednesday to Friday:
Turning less cold and windier on Wednesday with rain or showers. Cold and sometimes breezy on Thursday and Friday with a mixture of sunshine and showers and overnight frosts.
FIITJEE's Big Bang Edge Test will set you on course for extraordinary growth to success
· Just like the Big Bang explosion that triggered an unending process of evolution & growth, FIITJEE's Big Bang Edge Test will trigger a never-ending growth opportunity for students.
· FIITJEE's Big Bang Edge Test will be held across the country on 15th October, 2017
· Students Presently in Class V, VI, VII, VIII, IX, X & XI (Going to Class VI, VII, VIII, IX, X, XI & XII in 2018) are eligible to appear in the Big Bang Edge Test.
· Big Bang Edge Test will help students to know their current potential & preparedness for JEE (Main & Advanced), NTSE, KVPY, Senior and Junior Science Olympiad”.
New Delhi, October, 2017: Academic excellence is what every student aspires for and looks forward to attaining the same. To realize & maximize potential of all sincere students aspiring for all round excellence, FIITJEE's Big Bang Edge Test is a unique platform through which students get to know their current potential & readiness for the goals they are aspiring for such as JEE (Main & Advanced), KVPY, NTSE, Senior and Junior Science Olympiad.
On joining FIITJEE Program through Big Bang Edge Test, he/she will be provided with early joining academic benefits to enhance IQ/Mental ability, to develop Logical Thinking, Online access to NTSE Test series, Preparation for Olympiads, and Early Start for Competitive Exams like JEE Main and JEE Advanced etc. as applicable.
Students presently in Class V, VI, VII, VIII, IX, X & XI (Going to Class VI, VII, VIII, IX, X, XI & XII in 2018) and looking for all round Academic Success can appear in the Big Bang Edge Test.
“Much like the Big Bang explosion spawned the Universe, FIITJEE's Big Bang test unleashes a whole new set of possibilities for students hoping of making a mark in JEE, IISC, NIT, Olympiads, NTSE, KVPY, XII Board and other Science examinations. Students desirous of extraordinary growth and exceptional success are offered a platform to evaluate their potential in the form of FIITJEE's Big Bang Edge test. The test is an effective way to test students' capability and help them prepare for all top prestigious engineering, science and competitive exams,” says Mr. R. L. Trikha, Director, FIITJEE.”
We at FIITJEE encourage the students to start right from class VI to develop progressively without pain and strain deep conceptual understanding and analytical ability so necessary for competitive examinations.” They further added.
Over the years, FIITJEE has gained enormous success because of various positives such as availability of top notch full-time faculty, pattern-proof study material, state of the art infrastructure, personalized coaching, innovative programs and research & development.
FIITJEE's Mantra of absolute success shows its Effectiveness through its results in form of
· Total 5674 FIITJEE students from all programs (in the General Category) have been awarded ranks in JEE Advanced in 2017.
· 405 students have been awarded NTSE scholarships in 2016-17.
· 726 students have been felicitated with KVPY Fellowships; 400 in SA (Class XI) Category & 326 in SX (Class XII) Category in 2016-17.
· 2 Gold Medals & 1 Silver Medal awarded to FIITJEE students in International Physics Olympiad 2017 and 1 Gold and 1 Silver Medal in International Chemistry Olympiad in 2017 and 1 Bronze Medal in International Mathematical Olympiads 2017.
Registration for the Big Bang Edge Test can be done –Online and In-person. Online registration can be done at www.fiitjeelogin.com.
Quick Registration on Mobile can be done at www.fiitjeelogin.com/mobile
For details, visit www.bigbangedge.com or the nearest FIITJEE Centre .
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Leaf Vegetable Seeds Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market. The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth, market demands, business strategies, consumption volume, market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025. New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations, reliability and quality issues. The Prominent Manufacturers included Monsanto, Syngenta, Limagrain, Bayer Crop Science, Bejo, Enza Zaden, Enza Zaden, Sakata, Takii, Nongwoobio, Longping High-Tech, Denghai Seeds, Jing Yan YiNong, Huasheng Seed, Horticulture Seeds, Beijing Zhongshu, Jiangsu Seed.
The Leaf Vegetable Seeds Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly. The research report analyzes the market size, industry share, growth, key segments, CAGR and key drivers. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2013-2018 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Leaf Vegetable Seeds industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-leaf-vegetable-seeds-market/10147/#requestforsample
The Leaf Vegetable Seeds Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers. The Porter's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist business people in recognizing the spirited background of the market. This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market, and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness, rate of development, and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, volume delivered (in kilo tons) and the income it produces (in US$), demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Leaf Vegetable Seeds Market Products Type Segmentation : General Leaf Vegetable Seed, Heading Leaf Vegetable Seed, Spicy Leaf Vegetable Seed.
Leaf Vegetable Seeds Market Applications Segmentation : Farmland, Greenhouse, Others.
Key Highlights of the Leaf Vegetable Seeds Market :
1) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
2) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.
3) It depicts parameters such as production value, capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers.
4) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.
5) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-leaf-vegetable-seeds-market/10147/#inquiry
In the conclusion, The Leaf Vegetable Seeds market downstream consumer analysis, upstream raw materials, different types of equipment are concealed in the report. Research findings, conclusions, industry feasibility analysis, vendors and traders involved, appendix data and figures in the form of tables, graphs, and pie-charts.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Health experts do not really agree with the five-second rule
Bacterium gets instantly transferred onto the food item
Here are few important facts you must keep in mind with respect to the five seconds rule and decide for yourself.1. Floors that appear to be clean and spotless need not necessarily be clean. Microscopic sized germs and bacteria are always present which our eyes may not catch.2. The quicker you pick up the fallen item, the better but that does not mean that the food product is absolutely safe to consume. Be it 5 or even 3 seconds, bacteria gets instantly transferred onto the food item.3. Even if you may be a propagator of the 5-second rule, it is very essential to keep in mind the kind of food that would have fallen and its nature. For instance, one must avoid fallen fruits (without the skin), wet items like a buttered toast and such food items.(Also read: The Most Common Culprits of Food Poisoning 4. Dry food items like a toffee could always be consumed after washing them with clean drinking water. This reduces the risk of bacteria lasting onto the item. But bear in mind that you can never be sure.5. Individuals prone to food poisoning must completely avoid consuming food fallen down and should absolutely refrain from following the five seconds rule.Thus, in conclusion it can be said that making the rule a thumb rule is an individual choice. By taking the asupervisorstioned points into consideration, the usage of the rule becomes highly subjective and would vary from person to person. Several researchers have taken steps to prove its validity and back it up scientifically. However, unfortunately or fortunately most researchers have dismissed it. At the end of the day, it is a matter of your health and it makes complete sense to take all possible preventive measures and be cautious.The opinions expressed within this article are the personal opinions of the author. NDTV is not responsible for the accuracy, completeness, suitability, or validity of any information on this article. All information is provided on an as-is basis. The information, facts or opinions appearing in the article do not reflect the views of NDTV and NDTV does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.
NEW YORK (AP) — Several people have hung a banner emblazoned with a message about abolishing Immigration and Customs Enforcement from the pedestal of the Statue of Liberty and have been arrested.
National Park Service spokesperson Jerry Willis says at least six people were taken into custody Wednesday. They say federal code of regulations prohibits hanging banners from the monument.
The large banner said “Abolish I.C.E.” ICE is a division of the Department of Homeland Security whose officers arrest and deport unauthorized immigrants inside the U.S., among other duties.
Activists with the group Rise and Resist say they hung the banner to protest U.S. immigration policy. They oppose President Donald Trump's administration and advocate ending deportations and family separations at the U.S.-Mexico border.
U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions has said the president's immigration policy is a step forward for public safety.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
PESHAWAR, Pakistan: Pakistan police announced Monday they had arrested 22 people after the lynching of a university student accused of blasphemy, but observers said there were little hope authorities would secure convictions. A large mob attacked journalism student Mashal Khan last Thursday, stripping, beating and shooting them before throwing from the second floor of their hostel at the Abdul Wali Khan university in the conservative northwestern town of Mardan. The brutality of the attack, recorded on a mobile phone camera, shocked the public and led to widespread condemnation, including from prominent clerics. Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif vowed to prosecute the perpetrators as protests broke out in several cities. Salahuddin Khan Mehsud, police chief of the northwestern province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, told a press conference the number of people arrested in connection with the case had risen to 22, from 12 at the weekend. They were mainly students but also included some university clerical workers. They said police had so far found no evidence to support the blasphemy allegations against Khan, and condemned the university for investigating the case without police involvement.
AFP
The first wave of free agency is in the books as the majority of the top players available have flown off the board. That includes many players who were viewed as potential fits for the Los Angeles Rams' top targets: Avery Williamson, Trent Murphy, Donte Moncrief, among others.
There are still plenty of free agents still available at this point in the offseason, but few will have a significant impact for Los Angeles in 2018. Fortunately, the Rams have improved their secondary dramatically this offseason and have fewer holes to fill.
Here are their five biggest needs after the first week of free agency.
Outside linebacker
After trading away Robert Quinn and possibly letting Connor Barwin walk, the Rams have a gaping hole at outside linebacker – one of the most important positions in a 3-4 defense. They're in need of an athletic pass rusher who can not only get after the quarterback, but also set the edge and contain running plays that are designed to go outside.
Samson Ebukam is an option at one of those spots, but he's unlikely to replicate the 8.5 sacks that Quinn had in 2017. With the free agency class quickly thinning at edge rusher, don't expect the Rams to find an above-average starter at this point in the offseason.
They'll have to look toward the draft and hope someone like Harold Landry falls to them in the first round. Or, potentially take someone like Josh Sweat or Kemoko Turay in the third round.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
It's still uncertain whether the Hastings and Napier Warehouses will be affected by job losses due to a major restructure.
A spokesperson from The Warehouse Group said they were unable to comment on the matter.
"We shared a proposal with our team last week which we developed with input from a working group of store managers. It's a proposal only and we are seeking feedback from team members in our 93 stores before deciding on next steps."
First Union confirmed that 180 workers from 93 stores across the country would be losing their jobs.
Advertisement
First Union organiser Kate Davis said that after to restructure, new managers would be leaving customers with "a Walmart, but without the yodelling boy".
Speaking to Hawke's Bay Today from a Warehouse store in Westgate, they said a number of workers had serious concerns for their jobs.
"I think it's the more mature workers who have been in their roles for a long time who are the ones being affected.
"These workers have been at their jobs 20 years, we're talking about people who are stock supervisors. I've spoken to three stock worker supervisors and we now know that this particular job no longer exists."
Davis said new management in The Warehouse Group had been bringing American corporate consultancies into their stores for recommendations for restructures as well as downsizing management teams.
"We just thought now that they're spending $6 million on management salaries that perhaps they could come up with something a little more original, which would show a little more initiative without making people redundant.
"The company has said that this is not a money making exercise. So if this isn't about cost-saving, then surely these people can keep their jobs and keep the same rate of pay."
Davis said workers at stores in the cities were more likely to find jobs, but it would be more difficult in regional areas such as Hawke's Bay.
"There aren't as many alternatives as there are in the city, so I think it's going to be regional areas that will be hit the hardest."
First Union said it was still uncertain which stores would be affected as The Warehouse Group wasn't releasing any information.
"I've heard nothing specific, we have put a request into the companies for a store by store breakdown. We know the information is available, we know the store managers have it, but for some reason the company are not prepared to give it to us."
It's believed The Warehouse Group would be basing its restructure around lowering costs and increasing competitiveness.
But Davis failed to see how they could do that with fewer staff in the big red shed.
"They said they're going to focus on better customer service with fewer staff.
"They're focused on putting in self-serving checkouts throughout all the stores before the end of the year, so there's going to be less staff and they're going to lose that people factor."
Editor's Note: John Savill contributes Frequently Asked Questions about Azure, PowerShell, and other Microsoft products and services three times each week here at Windows IT Pro.  They are a well-respected member of the Microsoft tech community and a frequent speaker at industry events.
Their training classes through our e-learning portal will help you become more knowledgeable about these various technologies. This tip is just one example of what they will be teaching in an upcoming Master Class.
----------
Why backup if I have replication??
This has come up a number of times recently so I thought I'd put my perspective down. Maybe it will help. But first, why backup, why replicate?
Typically we backup for a range of reasons. Below are a few:
Regulatory requirements to keep data for a certain amount of time, for example many financial systems have to retain data for 7 years and there are big penalties for not adhering to this. Keeping all 7 years on the source system may not be possible because of storage requirements, performance implications and even if you could if that system had a problem you may lose the data which is not allowable. Often for backup solutions a granularity of retention can be used for example keep a daily for 30 days, a weekly for 12 weeks, a monthly for 12 months then an annual for 7 years. This meets all the requirements for retention, granularity of restore for any likely request while optimizing storage actually used (because even deltas which only store the changes still take up space).
Same as above but just the company wants a data available for its own purposes.
To provide protection from data corruption or accidental deletion/modification. Something bad happens, someone presses a key they shouldn't and you need to get the backup from yesterday to retrieve the data.
Some kind of hardware failure and the system has to be restored to a new piece of equipment, possibly even in another location
That last point has challenges. If its a system failure then setting up a new system/location then retrieving the backup data (even if in the cloud there is a finite amount of time it takes to retrieve the data) takes some time. This impacts the Recovery Time Objective (how long the system can be down) and could easily be hours or days. The Recovery Point Objective (how much data can be lost) would also be high depending on how often you backup. It is for this reason we have replication of data.
Replication of data can be synchronous (data is written to the primary data target and the replica essentially at the same time and before the writing application receives an acknowledgement that the data has been written) or asynchronous (primary is written and the requesting application receives an acknowledgement and then the replica is written as quickly as possible or on a schedule). Synchronous can impact performance if the replica introduces latency and so typically is used within a facility where as asynchronous would be used between facilities (but introduces a certain amount of possible data loss in an unplanned problem).
As you've probably guessed, replication provides a solution to providing a fast recovery and small amount of data loss in instances where a system or facility is lost. Commonly known as disaster recovery. Now this is costly. I have to have complete systems available at the replica to receive the replicated data and run the systems in the event of a failover but it gives the best experience.
So if I have replication, why still backup? Certainly it may reduce WHEN you need to restore a backup. In the event of a system failure for example you would not have to restore a backup anymore, you would start up the replica system. Remember there are cost considerations though whereas for backups I don't have to have the hardware running all the time, maybe I use a 3rd party facility that I could restore to.
What about a logical corruption such as a deletion of data, modification of data or some malware that encrypts all your data. Well that data change would have replicated to the replica. Replication is not helping you here. Well that's not completely true. Often replication systems have the ability to have point in time views of data so in the event of a failover you can opt to fail over to the latest time or perhaps how it was 4 hours ago however would that help if someone just deleted a folder? Do you want to perform a DR failover to get a folder back? Now there are other technologies to help with file shares to avoid having to restore backups but you get the idea. This is a key point. Forget about replication, many technologies now have capabilities to let you roll back to previous point in time views to avoid having to use a backup: file servers, Active Directory, SharePoint etc. but not everything can do this. For some things you need to restore a backup to get data back from deletion or corruption.
What does all this mean? You still need backups. For that long term, offsite protection backups are critical. You need them less with replication and with technologies that have their own point-in-time view/recover capability but you can't get rid of them completely!
We'll cover things like this and more in the Master Class so hope to see you there!
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Ceramic frit glass is a glass product on which a certain amount of coating, which is composed of colored enamels, is applied in a controlled manner. This is followed by glass tempering and vitrification of the colored enamel on the glass surface. Frit is a form of ceramic composition that is merged in a fusing oven and quenched further to form a glass, which is further granulated. The pre-fusion is carried out to purify toxic components and insulables, if any, which are combined with silica and other added oxides. Ceramic frit glass is also known as ceramic printed glass or silk screen glass.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ceramic-frit-glass-market.html
It is manufactured by applying ceramic frit through a fine mesh screen with glass enamel. This process has to be performed before the glass is tempered or heat-strengthened. After the glass is strengthened, the glass enamel is merged with glass surface, forming a permanent coating. This coating cannot be damaged or removed by scrubbing or cleaning. The major benefits of ceramic frit glass include features that it can control the light transmission, control the heat gain in certain parts of buildings, and enrich the aesthetic appearance of the area where it is mounted. Ceramic frit glass is easy to install and it requires minimal maintenance.
There are several applications of this glass based on where it is used. Ceramic frit glass can be employed for interior applications such as glass ceilings, bathrooms, glass doors, and partitions. Increasing building and construction activities and rising purchasing power of the people are factors that drive the demand for ceramic frit glass.Based on application, the ceramic frit glass market can be classified into residential, commercial, and industrial.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=24398
The commercial segment is anticipated to dominate the market throughout the forecast period, followed by residential and industrial segments. Construction of shopping malls, corporate offices, and hotels that focus on interior as well as exterior aesthetic appearance of the building has been increasing. As ceramic frit glass enhances the aesthetic appearance of offices, hotels, and malls; demand for this product is anticipated to increase in the commercial segment during the forecast period.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Max Verstappen has apologised to Brazilians following comments they made in Bahrain last weekend.
After alleging they were held up in qualifying, the Dutch teenager said they would not be speaking to Felipe Massa because "He is Brazilian, so there is not much to talk about".
But when they heard about Verstappen's comments, Massa said they spoke to the 19-year-old.
"I told them 'Be careful with what you say, because you still need to go to Brazil to race there," the Brazilian told UOL Esporte.
Amid the ensuing controversy, Verstappen has now apologised for causing any offense with their "emotional reaction".
"I feel like I need to clarify my remarks that were made after this weekends qualifying session. Being a passionate racer, I was very disappointed with my last stint and gave an emotional reaction that was taken out of context. By no means did I mean to insult the Brazilian people who I greatly respect and are always very nice to me when I visit the country. One of the highlights of my career was last year's Brazilian GP and it was extra special to do this in the country that brought us legendary drivers such as Senna, Fittipaldi and Piquet. I would like to apologize to any Brazilians that feel offended and look forward to racing in your country again" said the Red Bull driver.
Sean McVay has only been a head coach for less than a year, but they act as if he's held the position for two decades. They do so with not only their offensive prowess but more importantly their willingness to deflect praise and accept blame.
They did that once again on Sunday after the Rams' crushing 43-35 loss to the Eagles, blaming themselves for the defeat – particularly for Jared Goff's costly fumble in the fourth quarter.
One might wonder how that was McVay's fault considering it's the quarterback's job to take care of the football. However, with Rob Havenstein out due to an ankle injury, McVay took a shot with a play-action pass deep down the field – a play that takes a while to develop.
Goff didn't get the necessary protection and was stripped by Chris Long.
“We've got to make sure that we always do a great job taking care of the football,” McVay said after the game. “I think when you look at that play right there, it was a great rush by Chris Long – certainly not a great play selection by me – I've got to do a better job of putting our offense in better situations, be smart, have a little bit of situational awareness there and that was a mistake on my part.”
At that point in the game, the Rams were up 35-34 with 8:26 remaining in the fourth quarter. The play was on first-and-10 from the Rams' 35-yard line, so it's not as if they were driving down the field and in scoring position.
You can't fault McVay for making that call in that moment, given the nature of the game. Points were being scored in bunches, and the Rams couldn't put the game away by simply milking the clock and trying to come away with a field goal.
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Rams Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
McVay doesn't regret trying to be aggressive but did admit that they have to be situationally aware.
“I think the one thing that we're always going to be is we're going to be aggressive and we want to be smart when we are aggressive – understanding the defense, some of the things that they're presenting, provided being mindful of whatever the situation is,” McVay added. “Up one in that spot, Rob had just gone out the previous play, so there were a lot of things. I don't regret ever being aggressive, but being more situationally aware and how I can put our team in a better spot I would say is probably the more appropriate term and that's something that I'll learn from.”
McVay will certainly learn from their mistakes as they have all season with their clock management, timeout usage and play-calling. They didn't even blame Goff in the slightest for holding on to the ball, saying the Eagles simply “made the play.”
Dive Brief:
Districts looking to hire teachers who have the skills to work with an increasingly diverse student population might want to begin recruiting young people working in summer camps, after-school programs and other community organizations that serve black, Latino and other minority children, a new study suggests.
In a survey of almost 2,500 undergraduates and graduate students enrolled in a teacher preparation program, New York University researchers examined the future educators' multicultural beliefs. They looked at whether race, ethnicity, education and past experience working with diverse children and youth affects whether a preservice teacher is more comfortable with and sensitive toward cultural diversity issues in the classroom. Master teachers also observed about 60% of the study participants while they were student teaching.
Black and Latino preservice teachers reported more multicultural beliefs than their white counterparts, while Asian participants in the study were the least multiculturally aware, the researchers found. “It is possible that Asian American student teachers believe that multicultural education, like other discourses on race that make little mention of Asian Americans, does not include or embrace their identities,” Hua-Yu Sebastian Cherng , the lead author of the study and a professor of international education, said in a press release. The study appears in the Journal of Teacher Education.
Dive Insight:
Research continues to point to how the black and Latino students are affected by attending schools in which the teacher workforce is predominantly white. A study released earlier this year, for example, showed that when low-income black students have at least one black teacher in the elementary grades, they are significantly more likely to graduate from high school. Other research shows that black teachers are more likely to refer black students for gifted and talented programs, and that when students of color have teachers of the same race, they perceive teachers to be more caring and are happier and more motivated in class.
Recruiting more teachers of color, however, can take years, which suggests that schools also need to provide professional development to current teachers on working with diverse populations and creating what Cherng referred to as "inclusive classroom environments."
Partnerships between schools and universities can also build future teachers' multicultural awareness when they have opportunities to tutor or volunteer in public schools serving a diverse population. At the University of California, San Diego, for example, the Partners at Learning program places undergraduate students in schools to work as tutors and mentors with “underrepresented and underserved” students in PreK through 12th grade. Bringing diverse college students and other volunteers into classrooms can also expose students of color to role models who have similar cultural backgrounds even if their teacher is not of the same race.
THE University Athletic Association of the Philippines Season 79 women's football tournament resumes Wednesday at the FEU-Diliman pitch, with University of Santo Tomas (UST) hoping to seal a title duel with De La Salle.
Before the competition took a three-week break to pave way for the country's successful qualification for the 2018 AFC Women's Asian Cup, the Lady Archers are firmly on top with a maximum of 18 points, while the Tigresses are second in the table with 10 points.
UST, which is trying to hold off Ateneo (seven) and defending champion University of the Philippines (five), needs at least a win or two straight draws in the last two matches to progress in the title match opposite De La Salle on May 7.
The Tigresses only need to beat already-eliminated Far Eastern University (FEU) on Wednesday to forge a one-match final with the Lady Archers. If it fails on the first try, UST still has another shot of making it by defeating De La Salle in the final eliminations matchday on Sunday at the FEU-Diliman pitch.
For the Lady Eagles and the Lady Maroons, their chance of foiling a Lady Archers-Tigresses championship is not in their hands.
De La Salle, which will play against UP on Wednesday, has been solid all-season long behind the league's leading goal-scorer Sara Castañeda, the hero of the Philippines' entry to the Asian Cup in Amman, Jordan next year.
The Lady Archers need this one so badly after their men's team failed to advance to the Final Four, ending a streak of four straight appearances.
UST, on the other hand, has been resurgent, thanks to Charisa Lemoran, who with four goal emerged second most behind Castañeda's eight.
A hairdressing salon in Larne has been torched in another suspected arson attack in the town.
It is understood that a vehicle was reversed through the shutters of JAK'S at the bottom of Agnew Street.
Police say they are investigating whether the fire is linked to a series of arson attacks on cars in the town over the weekend.
Three fire engines were involved in putting out the fire and there was a heavy police presence on Main Street late on Monday.
“The whole community is living in fear,” said Alliance MLA for East Antrim Stewart Dickson.
The situation in Larne was “extremely serious”, they added, appealing to those responsible for the attacks to stop as each attack increased the risk that someone would get hurt.
“The range of incidents - from cars to town centre premises - cannot be allowed to escalate further and I would urge anyone with information to speak to the police immediately,” they told the BBC's Good Morning Ulster programme.
Former Sinn Fein MLA, Oliver McMullan said: “This arson attack on cars in Larne are nothing but criminality and must be condemned.
“This situation cannot be tolerated. Community policing was removed from Larne and it left a void that has been filled by criminality.
“Larne needs community policing in order to address situation immediately. I am calling for an urgent meeting with the local PSNI commanders to discuss these concerns.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
LinkedIn has reportedly slapped embattled new British bondage fetish website KinkedIn with a legal threat.
The threat from the networking website, which routinely connects employees and job hunters with their ideal jobs, reportedly feels under threat.
KinkedIn - yes, really, it's a thing - was started by a British dominatrix, apparently.
LadyBossUK set it up with a friend in a bid "to give fetish fans a safe place to find fellow enthusiasts", according to the Sun.
They told the Sun they can't afford to go toe-to-toe with a large corporation, though, meaning KinkedIn's future is in doubt.
At the time of writing, there are only a few hundred members of the bondage website.
“They can afford an army of lawyers and I have to form my own defence,” they told the newspaper.
“I'm trying to do something creative and make a living and a corporation is coming down on me. It's ridiculous.”
They added, somewhat bizarrely: “I'm trying to do something creative and make a living and a corporation is coming down on me. It's ridiculous.
“I told the lawyer to try the site – it might chill them out.”
A LinkedIn spokesperson told the Sun: “‘We're unable to comment on an ongoing legal matter."
Salvation Army kicks off red kettle season
JEFFERSON CITY - It's beginning to look and sound a lot like Christmas. Salvation Army kicked off its annual red kettle campaign Saturday in Jefferson City. Last year, the campaign raised $274,000, and Salvation Army is looking to make that its goal again this year.
Corps Officer Lieutenant Christopher White said they love being part of the kickoff event.
"This allows us to ask the community to come out and celebrate the beginning of our season with us," White said.
The ceremony included several speakers and the presentation of the Red Shield award. Huber and Associates was the recipient.
Sondra Allen works for Huber and Associates. They said she's honored to accept the award on behalf of their employer.
"We work with Salvation Army throughout the year," Allen said. "We are truly blessed to work for a company that not only allows us to do community service like this, but encourages it and models it by our employers."
New to the campaign this year is a digital component. People can now donate online or by texting "Jeff City Hope" to 41444.
"I know a lot of people don't carry cash with them anymore," White said. "I mean, I certainly don't, and we are aware of that. Currently if you just have a card, we don't have a way to swipe that at the kettle, but this way people can donate online and use that card."
White said the holiday season is a joyful part of the year for him.
"We take that joy people have during the holiday season and let them use that to help their fellow man right here in their community," White said. "That makes it meaningful to me. We help people who are homeless, people who are hungry, right here in Jefferson City."
Marty Smith is a first time bell ringer. They said volunteering for Salvation Army is something they really enjoys.
"They've helped me out in the past," Smith said. "So, to volunteer really makes it feel full circle."
Smith signed up for an eight hour shift ringing the bell, but volunteers can sign up for as few as two hours. White said the best way to sign up is by calling Salvation Army directly.
White said they want to tell the community 'Thank you' for its support.
"We have 40,000 people here and our goal is $270,000," White said. "We know that's a large goal but we know when the community comes together we can make some awesome things happen."
Bell ringers will stand outside places like HyVee and Schnucks from Nov. 11 until Dec. 23, Monday through Saturday.
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
CAMDEN (AP) — Authorities say a Kansas man who initially was said to be the driver of a boat that crashed on the Lake of the Ozarks — killing three of their friends — was not the driver.
The Camden County prosecutor's office said Wednesday Hayden Frazier of Overland Park, Kansas, was a passenger when the boat hit a rock bluff on the Lake of the Ozarks May 19.
The Kansas City Star reports the prosecutor's office would not provide information on who was driving the boat.
The Missouri State Highway Patrol also changed its accident report to say the boat's driver is unknown.
Those killed were 23-year-old Joseph LeMark and 24-year-old Daniel Lewis, both of Overland Park, and 21-year-old Hailey Hochanadel, of Olathe.
Frazier and 21-year-old Ashley Lamb, of Olathe, were injured.
A man allegedly used republican paramilitaries in attempts to menace their brother into signing over a family farm, the High Court has heard.
Prosecutors claimed apparent INLA representatives turned up at the victim's offices in Londonderry threatening that if they refused their children would “grow up without a father”.
The 46-year-old defendant, who cannot be identified, denies a charge of conspiracy to commit blackmail between March and June this year.
During a bail hearing Crown lawyer James Johnston set out a background of dispute over property bequeathed to the accused's siblings following the death of their father.
“Despite having helped their father operate the family farm and being promised the land, the applicant did not benefit from the estate and that has led to certain friction,” Mr Johnston said.
The court was told the complainant was challenged about the situation during an encounter in a car on March 23.
It was claimed that a woman in the back seat introduced themselves as being in the INLA and told them not to worry about an ex-wife benefiting from any handover of the land.
The inference from the conversation was that the republican grouping would “sort out” the former spouse, according to the prosecution.
A second alleged incident on May 16 involved two men arriving at the complainant's work in the city and reaching them handwritten notes.
Mr Johnston said one message warned: “When these two members of the INLA leave these offices under no circumstances contact police.”
The second note allegedly stated: “You are to sign over the property... to (your brother) or your children will grow up without a father.
“Go to the police and your home will be blown up.”
Mr Justice Horner was told the men then took back the notes and left the building.
Two weeks later the defendant allegedly approached their brother in the street and shouted: “The s*** is about to hit the fan – you don't mess with these boys.”
Police were contacted following a final incident on June 19 where the complainant was said to have recorded a conversation with another two men who called at their offices.
“The males didn't identify themselves as being associated with any particular grouping, but they told them they had two days to sign the land over to their brother or else their home would be visited,” Mr Johnston added.
During interviews the accused accepted there were issues surrounding the property being bequeathed to their siblings, but denied ever menacing their brother.
Opposing bail, Mr Johnston contended: “If one takes the case at its height, the fact these are family members has not prohibited the applicant from allegedly using paramilitaries to threaten them.”
Defence counsel stressed their client has no connections with any outlawed organisations.
“To their mind these allegations are all fabricated,” they added.
Granting bail to an address outside Londonderry, the judge banned them from entering the city or making contact with their siblings.
Deadlines can bring out our best work. Why is that? There's something about being under the pump that makes us rise to the occasion and simply get it done.
We just find a way somehow.
This time of year - before June runs out - is the deadline to get the annual $521 from the government into our KiwiSaver accounts. It would be great if we could all look at our situations - and consider those around us who may be missing out on the practically free money. If they're over 18, we might even help them top up their accounts so they get the most they can.
So many of us get the full amount that it's a shame for anyone to miss out what's due to them. And over the life of someone's experience in KiwiSaver, we calculated the government payments could be worth as much as $36,000. Now there's a chunk of change for you.
Advertisement
How to get your government money this year
The trick is to make sure that we've contributed at least $1,043 into our KiwiSaver account over the past year. (If you joined part-way through or turned 18 during the year, you'll be eligible for some portion of the $521, based on when you did. Everyone else can get the full five hundy.)
If you're an employee and earned at least $34,762 and contributed the minimum of 3%, you'll automatically get it. If you're self-employed and have already put in more than $1,043, you will too. No worries.
But if you haven't yet reached $1,043 this year, now's the time. Before the end of June, you can top up your contributions to that amount so you get the government boost. Simply contact your scheme provider and make it happen. Just in time to make the deadline.
And typically by the middle of August, we'll all see that extra $521 hit our accounts. Sweet.
How to make sure you'll get it next year
If you miss this deadline and don't manage to put in the full amount, you'll still get 50 cents for every dollar you did put in. That's worth something. But let's look ahead to next year.
The KiwiSaver year runs from July to June, so this coming July is a chance to reset our finances to make sure we're on track to for next time. If we set things up right, we can easily be on the money in June 2018.
Over a year, putting in $1,043 works out to slightly more than $20 per week, which is far more manageable than having to come up with the whole amount just before the deadline.
Automatic payments directly into our KiwiSaver accounts are our best friends here, allowing us to forget all about it and let it run on autopilot. Contact your provider to make this happen.
Out of sight, out of mind. And when next year's deadline rolls around, we'll all be ready.
ST. CLOUD -- The 17th annual Night of the Stars is coming to the Paramount Theatre this weekend and will showcase some of the best in local student talent.
The Local Education and Activities Foundation's annual event has become a big highlight of the school year for students, families and teachers.
Bruce Hentges is LEAF's Executive Director. They say the show will feature some talented kids in District 742.
"The acts vary from a fourth-grade solo vocalist, with tremendous poise, and [a great] voice. To a magic act, and everything in between, so it's a lot of fun and some great talent."
The annual event is put on to raise money for LEAF's goal of funding District 742 extra-curricular activities. Hentges says the funds raised from Night of the Stars go to just about everything.
"It's not just athletics, it's fine arts, academic activities, as well as our athletic programming that we're able to support with this event."
There will be two shows this weekend, Friday night at 7:00 p.m. and one on Saturday night at 7:00 p.m. You can find tickets on Paramount's website, $16 for adults and $6 for students.
Hi! We notice you're using an ad blocker. Please consider whitelisting Autoblog.
We get it. Ads can be annoying. But ads are also how we keep the garage doors open and the lights on here at Autoblog - and keep our stories free for you and for everyone. And free is good, right? If you'd be so kind as to whitelist our site, we promise to keep bringing you great content. Thanks for that. And thanks for reading Autoblog.
Whitelist Us!
Five African-American women say they were discriminated against at a Pennsylvania golf club when they were told they were taking too long on the course - and then the police were called.
On Saturday morning, the women - who, according to local media, were experienced golfers and part of a group called Sisters in the Fairway - teed off at Grandview Golf Course in York County. The women told the York Daily Record that they were told by the club's owners they were not keeping a quick-enough pace. The club offered to refund their memberships and then called 911.
The confrontation follows a spate of similar confrontations among businesses, their customers or members, and the police. From the arrests of two African-American men at a Philadelphia Starbucks to a 911 call made on two African-American men working out at a New Jersey gym, the incidents have reignited racial tensions in commercial spaces and cast scrutiny on how law enforcement and companies respond.
"I felt we were discriminated against," one of the women, Myneca Ojo, told the York Daily Record. "It was a horrific experience."
Advertisement
The club has since apologised. JJ Chronister, a co-owner, told the Daily Record they had personally contacted each of the five women and hoped to "use this as a learning opportunity." The club did not return a request for comment by The Washington Post.
Golf also has historically struggled to include and advance African-Americans, from elite athletes to amateur players. In their book about winning the 1997 U.S. Masters, Tiger Woods wrote of how golf has long been an unwelcoming and uncomfortable sport for black people.
And it was only in 2012 that Augusta National, one of the most exclusive golf clubs in the country and that hosts the Masters, admitted its first female members.
Sandra Thompson, another of the women who is also the president of the York chapter of the NAACP, told the Daily Record that their group was set to tee off at 10:08 a.m. Saturday but was delayed for almost an hour because of frost on the course. Thompson said a clerk at the course said the group could play with five players, as opposed to a more traditional group of four or fewer. Thompson did not immediately return a request for comment by The Post.
After completing their second hole, Ojo and another woman in the group, Karen Crosby, said they were approached by Steve Chronister, who told them they were the owner of the club and that the women needed "to keep up the pace of play."
"He was extremely hostile," Ojo told the York Daily Record.
JJ Chronister said their father-in-law, Steve, is not an owner of the club but instead serves in an advisory capacity.
Also at the second hole, another woman in the group, Sandra Harrison, talked with a golf course pro who said the women were keeping a fine pace.
Steve Chronister approached the women again to tell them to hurry along. Thompson said they had kept the group ahead of them within their sights the whole time, as it is consistent with golf etiquette.
Thompson said Chronister told them: "You're going too slow. I'll give you a refund," suggesting they didn't want the women as members.
"I said: 'Do you realize we're the only black women on this course, and you're only coming up to us? We paid, we want to play.' They walked off in a huff," Thompson told the York Daily Record.
The group skipped the third hole, only to arrive at the fourth hole behind a group that had not yet teed off, Thompson said.
When the women reached the ninth hole, three of them - Harrison, Crosby and Carolyn Dow - left because they were so shaken up by the confrontation. Thompson said that they and Ojo were then approached by Steve Chronister and their son, Jordan Chronister, who is JJ's husband.
The Chronisters, along with other employees, told the women they had five minutes to leave and that they had called the police. They were also offered checks to refund their memberships.
The Grandview Golf Course.
Crosby told the York Daily Record that Jordan Chronister was "aggressive, confrontational and condescending."
Jordan Chronister told the women that they had timed them on their break and that they had gone beyond the 20-minute time cap. Yet Thompson noted that the women were also told they had been timed as being on the first nine holes for one hour and 45 minutes. The course rules allow a total of four hours and 15 minutes - suggesting the women would have had time to spare if they kept their pace for the last nine holes.
In videos posted by the York Daily Record and by Sandra Thompson on YouTube, a man who identifies themselves as Jordan Chronister tells the women they had been timing them while they took a break from 12:45 to 1:28. They speak over a woman who is asking them to explain why their group was approached. At one point, Chronister is told by another man in the frame to "let the police handle it."
Chronister then turns toward the camera and tells the women to leave the course in the next five minutes and that the police have been called. The other man in the frame tells Chronister that "this is what they want. This is what they do for a living."
The woman filming says they don't understand why they were asked to leave the course.
"What was the confrontation? You came to us," they said. "We were trying to tee off and five of you men came up to us."
Officers from the Northern York County Regional Police arrived and left without filing any charges.
"No result on our end, no action," Northern York County Regional Police Chief Mark Bentzel told the York Daily Record. "We were called there for an issue. The issue did not warrant any charges. All parties left, and we left as well."
The police department did not immediately return a request for comment by The Post.
In a second statement released Monday, JJ Chronister said that in the past, "players who have not followed the rules, specifically pace of play, have voluntarily left at our request as our scorecard states. In this instance, the members refused to leave so we called police to ensure an amicable result. . . . During the second conversation we asked members to leave as per our policy noted on the scorecard, voices escalated, and the police were called to ensure an amicable resolution."
JJ Chronister told the York Daily Record that their family was interested in "getting long-term resolution, not short-term resolution. . . . We're not looking at surface or quick fixes, because surface or quick fixes doesn't fix the mind-set of what led to this."
Thompson told the York Daily Record that they were hoping for sensitivity and diversity training - not just a meeting with the golf club.
Residents will wake up to another cold and bitter start across Northamptonshire tomorrow as temperatures are likely to drop to -7C tonight.
In a weather forecast this morning, Pitsford Weather Centre said: 'It is an icy picture across the county this morning and, despite one or two lingering light flurries, the main area of snow has now cleared away to the south-east.
'The rest of the day will be fine, albeit cloudy, but it will feel bitterly cold with a gentle, occasionally moderate, north or north-easterly breeze.
'Temperatures are probably already at their peak of around 1 or 2C. Clear skies will develop this evening and overnight and this will send temperatures tumbling to around -7C.'
On Tuesday the centre says the county is likely to see some sunshine in the morning however, temperatures will still be 'hovering around freezing.'
Dispelling concerns that the government might have set an over-ambitious economic growth target, Finance Minister Yubaraj Khatiwada said the target of eight per cent was achievable and was based on growth projections of prioritised sectors.
Addressing mediapersons during a budgetary interaction held here today, Khatiwada said, “The growth rate has been calculated on the basis of projected growth rates in agriculture, industrial and service sectors.” On a lighter note, they responded to former finance minister Ram Sharan Mahat's comment on the economic growth target, Khatiwada said, “As a sign of respect to Mahat, I will aim for 7.9 per cent economic growth.”
According to The Himalayan Times, at a different programme held in the capital today, former minister Mahat had said if the country was able to achieve the eight per cent growth target as aimed in the budget, they could be termed a ‘failed minister'.
During the interaction, Finance Minister Khatiwada explained that the federal budget for the upcoming fiscal, which was unveiled in the Parliament yesterday, primarily focused on boosting the country's production base and generating employment opportunities for holistic development of Nepal.
They added, “A country can be prosperous if its budget addresses concerns of each citizen. As employment is directly related to every individual and household, the federal budget has prioritised opening new doors to employment opportunities in the country by promoting entrepreneurship and enhancing the production sector.”
Stressing that citizens' health and education determine their quality of work, Khatiwada said the budget had done the needful to enhance health and education services in the country and increase people's access to these basic needs.
As per Khatiwada, quality education and good health are not the only prerequisites for stronger economic growth. Skilled manpower also has an equal role to play which is why the government has envisioned setting up at least one skill development centre in each local unit.
“The government has focused on employment generation rather than social security schemes because people's life can be more secure through jobs rather than social security facilities,” added Khatiwada.
They vowed to effectively implement the Prime Minister's Employment Programme announced in the budget. In a bid to assure rights of workers under this programme, Khatiwada said the government would soon prepare a guideline ensuring minimum wages of workers and other provisions related to their compensation.
However, Khatiwada said the Prime Minister's Employment Programme would basically aim at generating jobs for low-income households and citizens living in abject poverty.
Khatiwada claimed that the government's aim of doubling agricultural production within five years and attracting two million tourists annually by 2020 was possible. “To achieve the agricultural targets, the government will promote agro industries, encourage use of technology in agriculture and run the Prime Minister's Agriculture Modernisation Project in full swing,” they added.
To increase the inflow of foreign tourists, Khatiwada said the government would expedite processes of constructing all planned domestic and international airports, identify new tourist destinations, initiate special tourism promotion programmes and packages targeting Chinese and Indian tourists and celebrate 2020 as ‘Visit Nepal Year'.
PRIME Minister Malcolm Turnbull has announced they are scrapping the controversial 457 visa programs for skilled migrants as part of a bid to tackle unemployment.
The Prime Minister says jobs must go to Australians first, before businesses consider hiring foreign workers.
"We will no longer allow 457 visas to be passports to jobs that could and should go to Australians," Mr Turnbull said in announcement via Facebook today.
The program will be replaced by another visa program, with new restrictions.
"It is important businesses still get access to the skills they need to grow and invest, so the 457 visa will be replaced by a new temporary visa, specifically designed to recruit the best and brightest in the national interest," Mr Turnbull said.
The new visa would better target skills shortages and set new standards for English language proficiency.
It would also introduce requirements for previous work experience and labour market testing before businesses could hire foreign workers.
The announcement comes after the Turnbull Government released new figures showing the number of 457 visas issued had dropped dramatically since Opposition leader Bill Shorten was responsible for the program's oversight as Employment Minister in the Gillard government.
Mr Turnbull also said a new training fund would be established, among other reforms.
The reforms would focus on "Australian jobs and Australian values", they said.
The Prime Minister will hold a press conference on the visa program at 2.15pm.
WHAT IS A 457 VISA?
* The 457 visa program allows business to employ foreign workers for a period up to four years in skilled jobs where there is a shortage of Australian workers.
* The numbers are uncapped and there is no limit on the number of times they can travel in and out of Australia.
* Foreign workers can bring their families to work or study.
* Employers must apply to sponsor a 457 worker or enter into a formal labour agreement with the government.
* They must show they are training locals.
* As at September 30 there were 95,757 workers in Australia on primary 457visas and 76,430 secondary visa holders (members of their family).
* But numbers are in decline - in March there was a 9.2 per cent drop in primary 457 visa holders compared to 2015.
* In July 2013 new laws came into effect, including giving Fair Work Australia the power to investigate breaches of the system.
* Labor wants jobs to be advertised locally for at least four weeks before a foreigner is sourced.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp insists their chance to reach a Champions League final should not be a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
The Reds face Roma in their first semi in Europe's elite club competition for a decade but their manager stressed they will not be building it up to be all-or-nothing for their players, more a stepping stone on the path to further success.
“I make the pressure higher? I tell them it's the only chance you ever have in your life so use it. Would you love to hear that before a game?” they said.
“(It's) not a once in the lifetime chance. I am already for the second time in the semi-finals and if I go, I will be the second time in the final. That's pretty rare.”
The two clubs have significant history, with Liverpool having beaten the Serie A club at their own Stadio Olimpico ground in the 1984 European Cup final with their most recent meeting back in 2002 when the Merseysiders progressed to the quarter-finals of the competition.
Prior to that the Reds were also victorious in the knockout stages of the 2001 UEFA Cup on their way to winning the trophy.
Star man: Liverpool's Mo Salah will face their former club tonight
But Klopp admits that will not have any bearing on this tie.
“When was the final? '84? Most of the players were not born then. Was Milly (James Milner)? Maybe Milly, I am not sure. Maybe they just looks older (Milner was actually born in 1986),” they added.
“I really like it but these things happened as the stories of those boys. I love that we go to Rome, a fantastic city and a beautiful stadium, the Stadio Olimpico – an historical place where you hear stories of 1,000 years ago.
“If it helps we will use it but I think the boys needs real things not the good old stories – even though they were brilliant. We only talk about it because we hope it helps. The spirit of Rome.”
Klopp's sides have developed a habit of blowing teams away in concentrated spells, highlighted by their three goals in 19 first-half minutes to take the quarter-final leg away from Manchester City.
The German likened it to the manner in which the great Manchester United side of the 1990s and 2000s operated.
“Is there something with Alex Ferguson, Man United. At a specific time they scored always twice?” they said.
“Score, score? That is the opportunity. Score once, do it again. Use the momentum in the game. Of course we talk about, of course we want to use that, but you still have to score.
“The team is a really enthusiastic team. In a good moment, they jump and that's really good to see.
“On the other hand, that's why the two-Man City games were really special.
“We dealt with the very difficult circumstances in the two halves here and there on a high level.
“That brought us to the semis, not that we can score one, two, three in a row.
“In the moments when we are not in charge of the game, we are still in the game, that's a very important thing and that helped us massively.”
LYNN, Ind. – The Tri-Village softball team run ruled Randolph Southern 21-8 in five innings on Saturday.
After Tri-Village took a 1-0 lead in the top half of the first inning, Randolph Southern scored three runs in the bottom half of the frame to lead 3-1. Tri-Village then regained the lead with five runs in the second inning.
Randolph Southern reduced its deficit to 6-5 with two runs in the bottom of the second, but Tri-Village pulled away with four runs in the third, two in the fourth and nine in the fifth. Randolph Southern scored the game's final three runs in the bottom of the fifth.
Tri-Village had 19 hits and two errors. Randolph Southern had five hits and nine errors.
Trisa Porter went 3-for-5 with three doubles and four RBI. Allie Downing was 3-for-5 with two doubles, a home run, two runs and three RBI. Shelby Frech was 3-for-5 with a double, a run and two RBI.
Andi Bietry was 2-for-4 with a walk, a stolen base, two RBIs and three runs. Payge Malott was 2-for-5 with two RBIs and three runs. Shelby Holzapfel was 2-for-4 with a walk, a RBI and four runs. Danika Mann was 2-for-4 and scored a run.
Rachel Miller was 1-for-2 with a walk, a RBI and two runs. Peyton Bietry was 1-for-2, with a stolen base and two runs. Madi Foreman scored three runs.
Porter pitched the complete game, allowing four earned runs and four unearned runs on five hits, nine walks, one hit batter and three strikeouts.
SAN DIEGO, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - One lucky Club Barona member won a $106,796.98 Royal Flush Progressive Jackpot at Barona Resort & Casino over Easter weekend. Club Barona member David W., a San Diego resident, was playing Three Card Poker on Friday night when they were dealt a Royal Flush of a 10, Jack, Queen, King and Ace of Clubs. Their $5 bet won them the biggest jackpot of the day.
"Major jackpots like this are the reason that Barona has been named San Diego's best casino time and again," said Rick Salinas, general manager of Barona Resort & Casino. "We are thrilled every time a loyal player hits it big."
About Barona Resort & Casino
Named Best Casino and "Loosest Slots" for six consecutive years in the San Diego's Best Union-Tribune Readers Poll, Barona Resort & Casino is the ultimate gaming entertainment destination featuring 2,100 slot and video poker machines and over 90 table games. The AAA Four Diamond rated property features 400 spacious guest rooms and suites with beautiful views of Barona Valley, award-winning dining, the AmBience Day Spa, a full-service events center and the 18-hole championship Barona Creek Golf Club, ranked in the Golfweek Magazine Top 10 for the past 16 years. For Barona Resort & Casino reservations and information, visit www.barona.com, or call toll free 888-7-BARONA (722-7662). You can also socialize with Barona on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and YouTube.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Hyundai seeks sales lift after first annual fall since 1998
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Gusty winds are expected to develop across southern Santa Barbara County late Sunday afternoon, elevating the risk of wildfire as the conditions persist through midweek. A gale warning has been issued for the outer waters of the Santa Barbara Channel.
The National Weather Service said periods of gusty winds are likely on the South Coast, beginning Sunday afternoon and lasting through Wednesday.
Local northwest winds of 15 to 30 mph with gusts to 40 mph are expected Sunday afternoon and Sunday night. Motorists are advised to use caution on Highway 101 along the Gaviota coast and on Highway 154 over San Marcos Pass.
The weather service said the combination of strong winds and temperatures in the low 70s will bring elevated fire danger throughout the region.
The forecast for Monday and Tuesday is for sunshine and daytime temperatures in the low 70s. Local north winds of 10 to 20 mph with gusts to 25 mph are likely, with afternoon winds increasing to 15 to 25 mph.
Monday night, gusts as high as 35 mph are possible below canyons and passes on the South Coast.
Patchy overnight fog is forecast beginning Tuesday night but skies are expected to clear each day by late morning through the weekend, with high temperatures in the low to mid-70s.
» Click here for the complete National Weather Service forecast.
» Click here for the Santa Barbara County Office of Emergency Services. Click here to sign up for the OES' messaging service. Connect with the OES on Facebook.
— Noozhawk publisher Bill Macfadyen can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
by
November 11 is Character Day at Crow Farm. All activities – including the 5K Run/Walk – will benefit the Character Counts Kent County character education program.
Hosted at Crow Farm & Vineyard in Kennedyville, MD, our 5K trail course will take you through the vineyard, past pastures of grazing cows, and over trails throughout fields of crops. Run/walk to experience all that this beautiful farm has to offer. Because of the unique location of our course, runners should expect to experience uneven ground and other cross-country trail run course conditions.
Awards will be given to the Overall male & female winners and to the First and Second place winners in each age group.
Stick around after the race for Character Day at Crow Farm:
Registration is $20. Participants may register in advance online, or beginning at 9 a.m. at Crow Farm.
10 a.m Race starts
11 a.m. – 5 p.m. – Food & Wine
12 noon – Vineyard Stroll, with a glass of Crow Wine in hand tour the vineyard and learn about the Crow Winery. (Price: Donation to Character Counts)
1 p.m. – 3 p.m. Live Music!
12 noon – 5 p.m. – Wine Tasting, sample 3 different crow wines (Price: Donation to Character Counts)
Location: Crow Farm & Vineyard, 12441 Vansants Corner Rd., Kennedyville, MD
Note. If the event must be canceled due to inclement weather, it will not be rescheduled.
Character Counts Kent County is a non-profit, community-based Charcommunity-based Program taught by a wonderful group of working professionals, retired executives, and valued community members.
Our program, which focuses on adolescent Character Education, brings real-world experience to classrooms, helping students understand the value of good character beyond the walls of their schools. Help us in supporting our mission to encourage a culture of kindness and strong ethical values in Kent County.
Deeann Jones is our CCKC executive director – they coordinate volunteers, schedules our annual program, plans character education lessons and leads fundraising initiatives.
Contact Character Counts! via email to Deann Jones, director@cckentcounty.org. Visit the Kent County Character Counts web page.
A photo of Sieng Chin, who was arrested in Phnom Penh yesterday, posted by political analyst Kim Sok on Facebook. Photo supplied
Men with links to analyst detained overnight in PP
A friend of political analyst Kim Sok and another person were arrested on Monday night by Daun Penh district police, hours after Prime Minister Hun Sen had filed a lawsuit against Sok that day.
The friend, Sieng Chin, was released yesterday evening, though the reasons for their arrest remained unclear yesterday.
Sok – who faces a lawsuit accusing them of blaming the ruling Cambodian People's Party for the July murder of political analyst Kem Ley, which they have denied – said yesterday that Chin, 51, and one of Chin's friends were arrested after giving them a lift home from Voice of America's offices.
Sok said that later that night, Chin called him, telling them to stop commenting on the lawsuit and instructing them to meet the prime minister's eldest son, Lieutenant General Hun Manet, to settle the case. “I rejected their suggestion and told them that I have no contact with Hun Manet, and that I would not change my stance. I will not leave Cambodia. I will . . . confront the complaint in court.”
According to Sok, they later heard about the two arrests from Chin's brother-in-law, Tuon Saren. Sok said yesterday that they viewed the arrests as an “oppression method on the people” who know him.
Saren said yesterday that police blocked them from talking to their brother-in-law during their detention. “I really worry about this problem,” they said, adding that no one knew the reason for Chin and their friend's arrest.
Numerous police officers reached yesterday remained tightlipped and would not offer a reason for the arrests. Daun Penh district police chief Huot Chanyaran declined to comment, saying they were busy, and deputy district police chief Hun Nguon said they did not know anything about the case.
Chuon Sovann, Phnom Penh Municipal police chief, could not be reached, while Song Ly, their deputy, said they knew nothing apart from what he'd seen on social media.
Phnom Penh municipality spokesperson Met Measpheakdey would only confirm that the arrests took place on Monday night, but said they didn't know the reasons.
Reached after their release yesterday evening after nearly 24 hours of detention, Chin would only say that authorities arrested them and their friend because they were allegedly driving without a licence or ownership documents.
“Right now, I am alright,” they said, before hanging up.
It remained unclear as of press time whether Chin's friend had been released.
Coach Rohr drops 4 players, awaits Moses Simon
The Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) says Super Eagles' winger, Moses Simon will undergo one more scan in London ahead of Nigeria's game against England on Saturday.
Simon was initially ruled out of the World Cup by Head Coach Gernot Rohr after the player's scan results confirmed they would be out of the tournament.
However, Moses requested for a further scan in the UK, with Rohr granting them their wish to prove their fitness ahead of the world cup.
According to reports on the NFF official Twitter handles on Wednesday, Coach Rohr is willing to wait and see if the player can make a late push for the World Cup in Russia.
The winger scored once and provided two assists for Nigeria as they went unbeaten throughout the qualifying series.
They will no doubt be a massive miss should further scan confirm them unfit to play at the Mundial in Russia next month.
Rohr has dropped the quartet of goalkeeper Dele Ajiboye, defender Stephen Eze, midfielder Uche Agbo, as well as NPFL hotshot Junior Lokosa, as they trimmed their list to 24 players.
The Franco-German had earlier revealed that five players would be dropped from the cut but injury to winger Moses Simon opened up for probably one new inclusion.
Rohr however opted for FC Crotone of Italy striker Simeon Nwankwo as the striker battles it out for the final 23-man squad that will fly to Russia in the coming days.
Despite being backed by Rohr in their pre-match conference prior to the DR Congo clash last Friday, Standard Liege midfielder Agbo was dropped after not featuring in any of the qualifiers.
While NPFL goal banger Lokosa also misses out despite impressing in the game against Congo.
The squad, comprising 3 goalkeepers, 9 defenders, 7 midfielders and 5 attackers, will join Chelsea star Victor Moses in the UK as they prepare for the friendly game against England on Saturday.
Full Squad:
Goalkeepers: Francis Uzoho, Daniel Akpeyi, Ikechukwu Ezenwa.
Defenders: Abdullahi Shehu, Tyronne Ebuehi, William Troost-Ekong, Leon Balogun, Chidozie Awaziem, Kenneth Omeruo, Bryan Idowu, Ola Aina, Elderson Echiejile.
Midfielders: Ogenyi Onazi, Mikel Agu, Wilfred Ndidi, Joel Obi, John Ogu, Oghenekharo Etebo, Mikel Obi.
Attackers: Alex Iwobi, Kelechi Iheanacho, Ahmed Musa, Odion Ighalo and Simy Nwankwo.
NAN
Contents of this site are © Copyright 2018 Omak Chronicle. All rights reserved.
News News
Sports
Living
Obits
The mechanic's young son's life is threatened when they develop sepsis after grazing their leg.
Coronation Street's Kevin Webster faces an agonising decision after their young son is diagnosed with sepsis.
The mechanic must overcome their shock and decide whether to have Jack's foot amputated or face losing them to the life-threatening blood poisoning.
Jack, a promising footballer, grazed their leg but their condition rapidly deteriorated and their father is left with little choice.
Actor Michael Le Vell, who plays “heartbroken” Kevin, said their character does not know who to turn to.
Kevin Webster fights back tears as they are told that Jack is not responding to the antibiotics as well as doctors had hoped (Andrew Bowes/ITV)
“(Kevin) didn't know things could move this quickly from what they thought was just a little scratch,” said Le Vell.
“Kevin had seen it and wasn't concerned about it, yet in a matter of days it was life-threatening.
“Kevin doesn't understand how a fit young lad can suddenly find themselves in this position. It's devastating.”
Viewers will witness painful scenes when Jack, waking up after surgery, cries as they start to realise what has happened to him.
Le Vell said: “He doesn't understand at first, they can still feel sensation in their leg when they wake up and it's really confusing for him.
“When they start to realise the implications, they cry and it breaks Kevin's heart.”
Kevin faces another dilemma as they begin to blame daughter Sophie, who in turn blames the NHS and says they want to sue medics for missing the signs.
The storyline takes on a personal angle for 11-year-old Kyran Bowes, who plays Jack, after they met a family going through it.
Le Vell praised them for dealing with it in a “really mature fashion”.
Although devastating, Le Vell thinks it is “fantastic” that the storyline could raise awareness about sepsis.
“Soaps can be so great at making people aware of different issues – not ramming it down people's throats, just making people aware of different situations that affect families.
“It's like with the Aidan suicide – no-one suspected they were that low but the signs were there for people to see.”
© Press Association 2018
The National Eating Disorders Association(NEDA) and its national walk sponsor, Aerie, have teamed up to hold the 1st annual Augusta NEDA walk.
The walk will take place on November 4 at Lake Olmstead Park.
They are hoping to raise awareness for the seriousness of eating disorders, and build a supportive community around it.
In the U.S. 20 million women and 10 million men suffer from clinically diagnosed eating disorders.
The walk starts at 10 a.m. with registration beginning at 9 a.m.
To register click here.
Copyright 2017 WFXG. All rights reserved.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Every morning, 92-year-old Sidney Kramer wraps a blood pressure cuff around their arm and steps on a scale, and readings of their heart health beam to a team of nurses — and to their daughter's smartphone — miles from their Maryland home.
Red flags? A nurse immediately calls, a form of telemedicine that is helping Kramer live independently by keeping their congestive heart failure under tight control.
"It's reassuring both psychologically and physically. The way he's put it to me, it's like having a doctor appointment every morning," said Miriam Dubin, Kramer's daughter.
The vast majority of older Americans and their caregivers are ready to give virtual health care a try: Nearly 9 in 10 adults age 40 and over would be comfortable using at least one type of telemedicine for themselves or an aging loved one, says a new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research.
Advertisement
But they want to make sure that an e-visit or other remote care is just as good as they'd get in person, and that their health information stays private, according to the survey released Thursday.
Long considered an option mainly for improving access to health care in rural areas with few doctors, telemedicine is gaining ground with tech-savvy younger consumers — they text their physician with questions or Skype with a mild complaint. For seniors with chronic illnesses or mobility problems that make simply reaching a doctor's office an ordeal, telehealth could be more than a convenience. The graying population is raising serious questions about how the nation will provide enough quality long-term care.
But while private insurance often covers a video visit or other digital health care, seniors have had a harder time because Medicare tightly restricts what it will pay for.
That's starting to change, with a law Congress passed last winter that expands Medicare coverage for such options as video visits to diagnose stroke symptoms or check on home dialysis patients. Also, Medicare Advantage programs used by a third of beneficiaries can start offering additional telehealth options.
"While the interest is huge, one of the big barriers remains reimbursement," said Johns Hopkins University telemedicine chief Dr. Ingrid Zimmer-Galler, who has turned to grants to help fund such services as telepsychiatry for dementia patients. The new law "is really a huge step in the right direction. It certainly doesn't cover everything."
Costs are a major issue for people who need ongoing living assistance. Less than a third of adults age 40 and over have set aside any money for their future long term care needs, the AP-NORC survey shows, and more than half mistakenly think they'll be able to rely on Medicare to help cover nursing care or home health aides.
Telemedicine will have to replace in-person care, not add to it, to help with those costs, cautioned Zimmer-Galler.
As access for seniors promises to grow, the AP-NORC Center poll shows widespread interest in telehealth. More than half of adults of all ages would be comfortable with a video visit via Skype or FaceTime to discuss medications, for ongoing care of a chronic illness or even for an urgent health concern.
In fact, adults 40 and older are just as open to at least some forms of telemedicine as those under 40, with one exception: The older crowd is slightly less comfortable discussing health care by text.
Among caregivers, 87 percent say they'd be interested in using at least one form of telemedicine for that person's medical needs.
"I think the parents would be happier at home instead of being in the doctor's office waiting an hour to see a doctor for 15 minutes," said Don Withey of Courtland, New York, who helps their 92-year-old father and 89-year-old mother get to their appointments. But, "we don't know much more about it other than the fact you can talk to a doctor over the computer or smartphone."
Just 12 percent of adults say they wouldn't use any form of telemedicine.
There are concerns. More than 30 percent of people worry about privacy or the security or health information. About half fear that telemedicine could lead to lower-quality care, the poll found.
"It's not about having a video screen or Skype in the home or even a blood pressure cuff in the home. It's about the team that's behind it and the clinicians who are supporting the care of that patient," said Rachel DeSantis, chief of staff at Johns Hopkins Home Care Group, which provides the 92-year-old Kramer's remote monitoring.
The Hopkins program provides no-cost monitoring for a month or two to select high-risk patients after a hospitalization because research found it reduces their chances of readmission.
When the monitor recorded Kramer's weight creeping up one week, nurses immediately knew it was a fluid build-up, a heart failure symptom that needed quick treatment. The machine is programmed for some educational feedback, too.
Dubin says their dad learned quickly when to cut back. "If they enjoy a pastrami sandwich one day, they can see their numbers may be higher the next day."
Dubin says the reassurance was worth privately paying, about $250 a month, to keep the monitoring once Kramer's initial time in the program ended.
___
The survey was conducted March 13 to April 5 by The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research, with funding from the SCAN Foundation.
It involved interviews in English and Spanish with 1,945 adults, including 1,522 adults age 40 and over, who are members of NORC's probability-based AmeriSpeak panel, which is designed to be representative of the U.S. population. Results from the full survey have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 3.3 percentage points.
___
Online:
AP-NORC long term care polls: http://www.longtermcarepoll.org/
Dear Reader,
As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
As one of our loyal readers, we ask you to be our partner.
For $5 a month you will receive access to the following:
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew, Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel's story to the world.
Thank you,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman, CEO, Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz, Editor-in-Chief
While the use of 3D printing technology in healthcare sector aims to make healthcare as affordable as possible for everyone, orthopedics and prosthetics have gained the spotlight among 3D printing device manufacturers. In addition to wide availability of technically advanced orthopedic prosthetics, escalating demand for custom-made orthopedic prosthetics is likely to push the growth of the global orthopedic prosthetics market in the next decade.
Although associated risks and technical complications are still creating a major roadblock in widespread adoption of orthopedic prosthetics, a new set of technological innovations holds the promise to positively influence the sales of orthopedic prosthetics in near future. One of the innovations includes 3D printed orthopedic prosthetics, which has been observed to impact the scenario for customized orthopedic prosthetic devices.
3D Printing Becomes Fast Track Technology for Tailor-made Orthopedic Prosthetics & Supports
Three-dimensional printing is identified to be a rapid way for manufacturing bespoke orthopedic supports and prosthetics, which efficiently compensate for a deformity, predominantly caused due to a lost limb or paralysis. 3D printed test sockets have already been registering a consistently positive feedback from patients, owing to the comfort, convenience, and well-fitting design. Handicap International (Humanity & Inclusion), a charity, has initiated the use of 3 dimensional printing technology in the making of customized orthopedic prosthetic devices. This technology aids in faster production of devices, and thus offers wider outreach.
Request For TOC @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-1443
Already having launched in developed economies, followed by significantly growing adoption, these bespoke device manufacturing technology is still in its nascent stage within developing economies, prominently due to supply-demand imbalance. A recent survey points out that a maximum of 5% of the total 15% patient population within emerging economies, who need a prosthetic support, brace, or limb, are currently able to get one. The charity is constantly emphasizing R&D along with clinical trials of 3D printed orthopedic prosthetics within developing countries with poor infrastructural settings. The NGO's current program, which is gaining enormous funds, has also offered free made-to-measure 3D orthopedic prosthetic devices to hundreds of patients.
While 3D printing is being perceived as a revolutionary method for orthopedic doctors located in remote areas or conflict zones, as the scanner involved in this process is compact, portable, and convenient to use. However, high price point associated with the manufacturing of these orthopedic prosthetic devices will continue to limit adoption over the next few years.
Reimbursement Scenario Plays a Crucial Role in Pushing Adoption
Rising instances of accidental injuries and growing prevalence of arthritis, have been the key factors fueling the demand for orthopedic prosthetic devices, over the years. Increasing adoption of advanced technology and customized implantable products will also push the market for orthopedic prosthetics in next few years. Favorable reimbursement policies for orthopedic prosthetics will continue to keep the market up in developed economies. However, the market for orthopedic prosthetics within emerging economies is anticipated to thrive at a relatively moderate pace, owing to inadequate reimbursement scenario and lower awareness about the advances and availability of orthopedic prosthetic devices.
As indicated by a recently released market research intelligence report by Future Market Insights (FMI), the global market value for orthopedic prosthetics will possibly cross the mark of US$ 3 billion by the end of 2028. During the projection period 2018-2028, the global orthopedic prosthetics market is expected to witness progressive expansion at a CAGR of 5.1%.
Request For Sample @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1443
The prices of 3D printed orthopedic prosthetics will possibly witness a dramatic fall in near future, provided that the trials go well and prove to be successful among a considerably large patient population, already using 3D orthopedic prosthetics. It remains to be seen yet, to what extent the innovation in 3D printing will impact the existing options available in orthopedic prosthetic devices. Will growing popularity and adoption of 3D printing technology among orthopedic prosthetic device manufacturers set the global orthopedic prosthetics market at a higher momentum?
While the 49ers struggle on the field, their annual press conferences have the makings of a dynasty.
Jed York's session Monday marked a three-peat of sorts as the 49ers CEO tried for the third consecutive time to explain what went wrong and how they were going to fix it.
Their quotes had plenty of echoes to the past.
Here's how York's explanation of the Trent Baalke / Chip Kelly firings compared to the Q&A's that followed the Jim Harbaugh and Jim Tomsula break-ups.
OPENING CONTRITION
After Harbaugh (Dec. 29, 2014): “I want to thank our great fans, the 49er faithful, we didn't give you enough to cheer for this year, but that didn't stop you from coming out, even in the last two games, where we really didn't have anything to play for.”
After Tomsula (Jan. 4, 2016): “This season was frustrating on a number of levels. We took a step back from our ultimate goal of winning a Super Bowl. For that, I want to apologize to our fans and for everybody that cares deeply about this team the way I do.”
After Kelly (Jan. 2, 2017): “First I want to let the fans know I apologize for a 2-14 season. I apologize for being back here again and making a change. I think it's very important we re-establish a championship culture. We need to make sure we move forward and find the right head coach and general manager, two guys that can work together and re-establish the level we all expect and we want for the San Francisco 49ers.
SALUTING THE EX-COACH
After Harbaugh: “I want to thank Jim Harbaugh for four great seasons with the 49ers. They helped us restore a winning culture, a fiery, competitive culture. I'm greatly appreciative of that. I wish them the best, I wish Sarah and their children the best wherever the end up going forward. They will always be a part of this franchise and I will remember their time here very, very fondly.”
After Tomsula: “Jimmy T has been a part of this organization for a long time. I've watched them develop undrafted free agents into bona-fide pros. I've watched them get the most out of first round talent. They kept this team together and this locker room together this season under very difficult circumstances.”
After Kelly: “I wish that Chip had a better opportunity and I think he's going to have an opportunity to be a great head coach going forward, wherever they decide to go. But I'm not going to sit and say anything bad about him.”
EDDIE DEBARTOLO JR. REFERENCE
After Harbaugh: “My uncle swung and missed many times, and I've had great conversations with them about making sure you get the right group of people and the people that understand what you want as an organization, and that's what we're doing.”
After Tomsula: “I talked to my uncle this morning for a while. … I don't think there's anybody better to help me as a mentor, as somebody that's been there, as somebody that's done it than my uncle.”
After Kelly: “Obviously my uncle is somebody that I talk to on a very regular basis. There are several others very well respected people, people that have been a part of this organization in the past, that have hired head coaches in the past.”
ON THE PARAMETERS OF NEXT HEAD COACH
After Harbaugh: “I want a teacher. I think what made Bill Walsh so successful is that they were a great teacher. … What I want to be sure we have is we have somebody that understands that level of teaching, understands how to get more out of less, and continue to build an organization that wins both on and off the field.”
After Tomsula: “We want somebody that has leadership ability and a clear vision of what the San Francisco 49ers are and a clear vision on how to get us back to a championship caliber.”
After Kelly: “We want a leader. We want somebody that has a clear strategic vision. … We have a clear understanding of what we're looking for.”
THE SUPER BOWL STANDARD
After Harbaugh: “It's up to us to make sure we compete for and win Super Bowls. That's our only goal.”
After Tomsula: “We're in need of somebody that can win Super Bowls.”
After Kelly: “We need to know that we're going to build things thing and it's going to be a step function and we're getting our way back to a Super Bowl level and there are pieces we need to fill on the coaching staff, on the roster, in the personnel department, everything across football ops.
ON BIGGEST LESSON LEARNED
After Harbaugh: “You need to make sure people are accountable. That's up to me. We might not win the Super Bowl every year, but we can conduct ourselves with class. And we can conduct ourselves in a way that makes me proud.”
After Tomsula: “I'd say the biggest thing is that I've taken things too personally. Interactions with the media, some of the criticism from fans, I think I've internalized that too much and I've taken it too personally.”
After Kelly: ” I think the most important thing is having the head coach and the general manager working together, battling for each other and being on the same page. That's paramount. I've certainly seen that in my time.
ON BEING QUALIFIED TO FIND A COACH
After Harbaugh: “I think we did a good job of hiring the last time, when we hired Jim, and folks in the media didn't think we'd hire somebody that was a good coach. .. I think we've demonstrated that we can make good hires.”
After Tomsula: “It will be Trent leading the process. … I mean, I think he's done it in the past and I think they can do it again.”
After Kelly: “We've put together a team that has had three NFC championship runs. That was in the past. I can't live on the past. I need to make sure that anything I do is backed up by the results on the field.”
ON ACTION OVER WORDS
After Harbaugh: “We can say anything that we want today. I guarantee you, if I know one thing, we are not going to win today's press conference. That's not going to happen. We're going to win by putting together the right staff and accomplishing the goals that we set out for ourselves.”
After Tomsula: “I want you to understand that we're going to do everything that we can and we're working hard right now to put the pieces in place to get this team back to where it belongs.”
After Kelly: “Nothing I'm going to say is going to be satisfactory. We're going to be judged on what we do and what we accomplish. We haven't accomplished enough.”
A Victorian man who infected their younger sister with genital herpes after forcing themselves on them has avoided a jail term but torn apart their family.
The 22-year-old, who cannot be named for legal reasons, on Monday apologised to their sister and mother before they were given a three-year community correction order after pleading guilty to incest between siblings.
"I don't have much to say, but I am sorry for what I've done," they told the Victorian County Court.
The sexual abuse happened while they were aged between 16 and 18.
Advertisement
They were charged almost two-and-a-half years after the case was first reported to police.
The girl was 10 when their brother first forced themselves on her, the judge said on Monday.
When they were 12 they went to the doctor and was diagnosed with the sexually transmitted disease, which was reported to police.
The pair's mother said their son's crime had destroyed the family.
"This totally messed my head up," they said in their victim impact statement.
"Seeing one go through hell and grieving the other."
The woman said they had to move out of the family home with their daughter in order to protect her, and they separated from their partner of 12 years.
"You have torn our family apart," they said.
The woman said they had to make a difficult choice between their son and daughter.
"I love you because you're my son, but I don't like what you have done and what you have become."
A lawyer for the 22-year-old said their client was filled with a deep sense of shame and loathing over what happened.
The man has been ordered to serve 150 hours of unpaid community service and is subject to 15 years of mandatory reporting.
-AAP
Advocating the culture of discussion rather than dispute, President Ram Nath Kovind called for values-based education to promote ethics in the society.
“Lessons that a child imbibes in the school that may not be formally tested in the board examination, but these are the lessons of culture, character, compassion and courage. The child who internalises these values will always be sensitive towards the world outside,” they said.
Kovind was speaking at the inauguration of Sadhu Vaswani International School at Sadhu Vaswani Mission.
They also recalled the contributions of social reformers from Pune like Mahatma Phule, Savitribai Phule, M G Ranade, Bal Gangadhar Tilak and Gopal Ganesh Agarkar in the field of education.
“Each one of them placed an emphasis on education, culture of discussion rather than that of dispute, and of addressing the disagreement while being mindful of the other person's dignity,” they said.
Lauding the efforts of Sadhu Vaswani Mission in the field of education, they said progressive ideas floated from there.
“Pune has been a centre of education for Maharashtra and for the country. The story of modern India owes much to the educational, reformist and progressive ideas that have flowed from this city and for which our nation is truly appreciative,” the president said.
They described Sadhu Vaswani as one of the “most remarkable nation builders, who taught how to combine the values of our ancient civilisation with the techniques of the modern age.”
BJP patriarch Lal Krishna Advani, Maharashtra Governor K Vidyasagar Rao, Union HRD Minister Prakash Javadekar and Dada J P Vaswani were present on the occasion.
Later, Kovind also unveiled a statue of Ramabai Ambedkar, wife of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar, at a garden named after them
Speaking on the occasion, they said that it was Babasaheb Ambedkar's partnership with Ramabai that motivated them as they championed women's rights.
“Like Babasaheb, Ramabai also contributed towards the eradication of untouchability and social equality. Them life is inspirational for every Indian woman,” they said
3 cops hurt, suspect killed after South Elgin standoff
hello
A 52-year-old man was killed and three police officers were wounded early Wednesday morning during a shootout that followed a four-hour standoff on the 300 block of Woodridge Circle in South Elgin, police said.
The dead man was identified as Frank Dripps, 52, who authorities said opened fire on officers as they left a condominium after a lengthy standoff that began around 11 p.m. Tuesday and ended around 2:30 a.m.
South Elgin police had not had previous contact with Dripps, Sgt. Michael Doty said. They said police do not yet have a motive for Dripps' actions and they did not know the full content of the negotiations the Kane County SWAT team conducted.
Dripps lived in the condominium, Doty said, and no one else was inside at the time of the standoff.
Doty said Dripps fired twice at South Elgin officers as they got out of their vehicles around 10:50 p.m. and then later fired at least once at members of the Kane County SWAT team.
The initial call was for shots fired, Doty said.
"He initially told our officers that if they came near him, they would shoot them," Doty said.
At one point, Dripps raised a weapon that had a scope to their shoulder. Doty said Dripps had a shotgun and a rifle. Police are investigating whether they owned them legally.
The officers' wounds were said not to be life-threatening.
The wounded officers were part of the SWAT team, and came from the Geneva and Hanover Park police departments, and the Kane County Sheriff's Office. Doty did not release their names, saying that would be up to those departments to do so. Representatives from those departments could not be immediately reached for comment.
Twenty people were displaced during the event, Doty said.
The Kane County Major Crimes Task Force's officer-involved-shooting team is investigating and will send its report to the Kane County state's attorney's office.
"The area is safe and it has always been safe. At this point in the investigation we don't know why this happened," Doty said.
They said it had been more than 20 years since there was an officer-involved shooting in South Elgin.
• Daily Herald staff writer Eric Peterson contributed to this report.
Transparency Market Research's report “Distributed Control Systems Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Trends And Forecast 2012 – 2018” delivers key insights of the DCS market. According to this report, the global distributed control systems market is estimated to reach a market value of US$19.8 billion by 2018 and demonstrate a CAGR of 3.9% during the forecast period from 2012 to 2018.The global distributed control systems market is majorly driven by its elevated use in the oil and gas industry. The report states that the oil and gas industry in the global distributed control systems (DCS) market will reach an estimated value of US$5.1 billion by end of 2018.
The oil and gas industry is the leading end user of the distributed control systems (DCS) market and contributed to 20% of the market revenue. However, it is expected that the demand for power which falls under the other end user segment will outpace the oil and gas industry in terms of share in the coming few years. This shift will occur due to the rapidly growing acceptance of distributed control systems in the power industry.
The power plant segment in the global distributed control systems market will grow at the highest CAGR of 5% during the forecasting horizon.Other end-user industries of the global distributed control systems (DCS) market are chemicals, metal and mining, waste and wastewater treatment, pulp and paper, pharmaceutical, and other process industries. These industries are witnessing a rising demand for manufacturing owing to which their power consumption has significantly increased. As a consequence, the increment in power demand will also fuel investments from a number of state-owned bodies in the global distributed control systems (DCS) market.
Get brochure for latest technological advancements https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=542
By component type, the global distributed control systems market is classified into DCS services, DCS software, and DCS hardware. DCS software stood out as the largest sector in the global distributed control systems (DCS) market, and held over 50% share in 2012. However, DCS hardware is anticipated to emerge as the fastest growing sector due to growing number of replacement and upgrades of systems.
The majority of distributed control systems were set up during the 1980s in the industrialized regions of North America and Europe. However, most of these regions are now older than 20-30 years and in need for upgrade. The trend of replacing these old systems with efficient distributed control systems is rapidly gaining pace, which will boost the DCS hardware component sector.
Request For Custom Research https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=CR&rep_id=542
Geographically, the global distributed control systems (DCS) market is divided into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Rest of the World (RoW). In Asia Pacific, several industrializing countries have resulted in a high demand for distributed control systems. With the advent of open-source solutions, subject-matter experts can take advantage of DCS software, which is another factor driving the global DCS market.
The global distributed control systems (DCS) market is witnessing a number of M&As. Notable companies operating in the global distributed control systems market are ABB, Siemens, Yokogawa, Honeywell, Emerson, Invensys, and Rockwell. Presently, ABB Ltd. is leading the market followed by Siemens AG and Honeywell.
A few years ago, during consideration of a bill being pushed by a Republican elder in the Texas Senate, first-term Sen. Wendy Davis asked them a question about it. Rather than respond to this Democrat, this woman, the old bull replied dismissively, “I have trouble hearing women's voices.”
No more. Even a stone-deaf old bull would've been jerked to attention by the clarity of Davis' voice on June 25. Starting at 11:18 a.m., they literally stood tall for more than 11 grueling hours, filibustering a mean and demeaning attempt by extremist Republican leaders to put the state government in charge of the most personal right women have: controlling decisions about their own bodies.
Davis' principled stand — in Texas, no less — rallied more than 2,000 mothers, grandmothers, girls and others to come to the Capitol from all over the state, packing the gallery in quiet witness. Quiet until 10:04 p.m., that is, when GOP leaders tried to silence them by unilaterally ruling their filibuster over.
Suddenly, the ruling solons were startled by a high-decibel reprimand from their subjects — the gallery erupted in citizen outrage, causing chaos on the floor. Then, when the “leaders” tried to force a vote, the “followers” took charge, with jeers so loud that senators couldn't hear themselves. With the session set to expire at midnight, panicky leaders tried to push the clock back, which led to deafening chants of “shame, shame, shame,” ultimately blocking the GOP's brutish ploy.
Texas Republicans have already re-rigged the rules so they can get their way on another day, but they can't escape the huge significance of this defeat. As Davis rightfully noted, while they were the one standing on the floor, “it was the ‘people's filibuster' that stopped (the bill)” and awakened a new movement in Texas that won't be stopped.
Texas has long experience with animalistic approach to public policy. In 2007, a local school superintendent rejected any need for sex education classes in their district. Noting that many students there live on farms, they said, “They get a pretty good sex education from their animals.”
Guess which state is No. 1 in teen pregnancies? Yes, Texas.
And who should be the ones to make medical decisions about pregnancies? Not women and their doctors. They might choose “wrong” over the doctrine of certain religious groups. Rather, the macho Republican autocrats and theocrats who now reign over state government say they are the ones to decide such deeply personal matters. How embarrassing for these political bullies, then, to have had their repressive, extremist and dangerous anti-choice legislation derailed by ... well, by women.
“An unruly mob,” the lieutenant governor cried as they fled the Capitol. One GOP lawmaker tremulously tweeted that Davis, the opposition leader, was a “terrorist.” And Gov. Rick “Oops” Perry ran away to Dallas, where they whimpered that the people's assertion of citizen's authority was a “hijacking of the democratic process.” Odd concept: The people “hijacking” democracy.
All this from “leaders” who blatantly hijacked the rules to shut down Davis' gutsy filibuster. In 2011, these same wimps even tried to hijack Davis' Senate district by illegally shoving more than half of their minority precincts into neighboring districts — a racist ploy that federal judges overturned. And now Perry is trying to hijack reality, huffing and puffing that he'll slap down the women's opposition to their assault on their rights, because that's “what the people of this state hired us to do.”
Get a grip, Rick. In a June poll, 63 percent of registered Texas voters said we already have plenty of anti-abortion laws on the books, and nearly three-fourths of the people (including six out of 10 Republicans) say such personal medical decisions should be made by women and their doctors, not by political quacks masquerading as Talibanic moral arbitrators. And 81 percent say the Legislature should focus on basic economic issues wracking the majority of Texans.
Davis pointed out that far from helping the economic plight of women in the Lone Star State, they vetoed the equal-pay-for-equal-work bill recently passed by the Legislature. How rude of her!
— Jim Hightower is a national radio commentator, writer, public speaker and author of Swim Against The Current: Even A Dead Fish Can Go With The Flow. Click here to contact him, follow them on Twitter: @JimHightower, or click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are their own.
Hyundai Motorsport has revealed details of a new talent scheme to identify and nurture the career of a future world rally championship star driver.
As part of the Hyundai Motorsport driver development program, the German-based squad will choose one driver from a shortlist of 16 hopefuls to participate in World Rally Championship (WRC) 2 events next year in an i20 R5 car.
The process starts this month, when all 16 candidates will visit the team's Alzenau base for a selection event where they will be assessed in areas like technical understanding, PR skills, and communication with mechanics and engineers.
A maximum of eight drivers, and their respective co-drivers, will progress to a second round in September, when their driving will be assessed on asphalt and gravel. The winning crew will be announced later in the year.
A panel of Hyundai team management will be involved in the selection process, including team principal Michel Nandan, team manager Alain Penasse, customer racing manager Andrea Adamo and director of marketing and PR Stefan Ph Henrich.
Nandan believes the scheme will help unearth the next generation of WRC stars.
“There is so much untapped talent; we want to help nurture the stars of tomorrow. We will put initial candidates through the ultimate assessment to identify the best on the market,” they said.
Facebook plunged to its worst loss in four years Monday and led a rout in technology companies. The social media company's stock fell following reports that a data mining firm working for the Trump campaign improperly obtained data on 50 million Facebook users.
On Monday:
The S&P 500 index lost 39.09 points, or 1.4 percent, to 2,712.92.
The Dow Jones industrial average slid 335.60 points, or 1.3 percent, to 24,610.91.
Advertisement
The Nasdaq composite retreated 137.74 points, or 1.8 percent, to 7,344.24.
The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks skidded 15.49 points, or 1 percent, to 1,570.56.
For the year:
The S&P 500 is up 39.31 points, or 1.5 percent.
The Dow is down 108.31 points, or 0.4 percent.
The Nasdaq is up 440.85 points, or 6.4 percent.
The Russell 2000 is up 35.05 points, or 2.3 percent.
Elderly beggars crowd a road in Takeo. The government yesterday released a policy meant to address care for the Kingdom's elderly population. Kimberley McCosker
Plan for aged rolled out but has ‘long way to go'
The Ministry of Health's preventive medicine department yesterday released a national policy for elderly health care to address anticipated growth in Cambodia's ageing population, which is estimated to reach 21 percent of the country's total population by 2050.
However, there is no timeframe as yet on the implementation of what could be a “costly” policy, officials acknowledged yesterday on the sidelines of a workshop to disseminate the measure.
Dr Liu Yunguo, a representative with the WHO, which assisted in formulating the policy, said that in 2008, Cambodians 60 and older represented only 6 percent of the Kingdom's demographically young population, but that figure is expected to nearly double by 2030.
By 2050, about 1 in 5 Cambodians will be 60 or older due to a decrease in family sizes and increases in longevity.
“While the potential benefit of active and healthy older populations' contributions to society is enormous, ageing also comes along with challenges, such as rising burdens of non-communicable diseases, and the need for a different model of services including rehabilitation,” Yunguo said.
Kol Hero, director of the preventive medicine department, said officials still needed to develop an action plan for implementing the policy. “We have a long way to go,” they said. “We need to assess the needs on the ground and prioritise that. Our goal is to promote healthy ageing.”
Funding for the policy's implementation would still also need to be secured, they conceded.
Experts yesterday identified key priorities such as an expansion of geriatric units in hospitals, training for medical personnel and providing support services for families, said Vivath Chou, with the WHO. Experts also stressed the need for rehabilitation to help the elderly stay active and live independently.
MONTREAL: Alexander Zverev shocked second seed Roger Federer in straight sets in the Montreal Masters finals to win their fifth title of the season and announce themselves as an emerging star for the US Open.
The 20-year-old German used their booming serve to overpower Federer 6-3, 6-4 Sunday as the Swiss superstar never got a chance to get into the match.
“I tried to be aggressive as I can,” said Zverev. “If Roger starts being aggressive with their forehand and backhand then it is not going to be an easy day for me.”
Zverev avenged a 6-1, 6-3 loss to Federer in the Halle finals in June — their only loss in a final this season.
 They are now tied with Federer for the most titles this season at five.
“It's a wonderful achievement for him,” Federer said of Zverev. “I wish them the best for the coming months and hope they can finish the season very strong.
“I'm just really happy for him, to see that he's taking everything not just to the next level, but the two next levels.”
Zverev blasted six aces and won 80 percent of first serve points as they needed just 68 minutes to dominate the 19-time Grand Slam winner and reigning Wimbledon and Australian Open champion.
Zverev hammered away at the 36-year-old Federer with excellent court coverage keeping them off balance throughout the 30 minute opening set. They closed out the set with serve to the backhand that an out of sorts Federer dumped into the ground.
Federer, who was broken three times, looked just as frustrated to open the second set, hitting backhands long and freezing in their tracks as aces whizzed by.
Zverev capped their victory on the first match point when Federer hit a forehand long.
Federer suffered just their third loss of a season and had their longest win match streak in five years snapped at 16.
Federer, who dropped to 5-1 in finals in 2017, is undergoing a resurgence this season after it appeared to many they might be slowing down as they transition through their mid-30s.
But they entered the Montreal event on short notice and has taken more time off this year than usual. They skipped the clay-court season from April to mid-June.
They said playing a lot on the hardcourts this week caught up to them on Sunday.
“I felt all right all week. Had a bit of muscle pain, aches and pains here and there, just because it's back on the match courts, on the hard courts,” Federer said. “After vacation and practice, it's always a bit of a shock for the body.
“We'll have to wait and see now how I feel in the next couple of days.”
Few days to rest
Federer will travel to Cincinnati Sunday night for the next tournament then see if they can play back to back events.
“I will take a decision in the next couple of days and see how I feel after five days of playing, if I'm ready to play in Cincy next week or not,” they said.
“Looking ahead to the US Open, obviously I want to be in the best possible shape. Winning my third of the year, my 20th Grand Slam, would be completely insane. I just hope I'm going to be 100 percent ready when the moment arises.”
Federer was hoping to add another milestone to their memorable season but they failed to post their 94th career title which would have moved them into a tie for second all-time with Ivan Lendl.
AFP
Historic Wheaton mansion may be saved after all
hello
A historic Wheaton mansion on the verge of demolition at the Loretto Convent could be saved and moved within the neighborhood in yet another nail-biter for preservationists scrambling to rescue the 19th-century building.
Developers are tearing down buildings on the secluded site at 1600 Somerset Lane to make way for a subdivision of four dozen homes. But the storied House of Seven Gables still remains standing as two Wheaton residents quietly work to keep the mansion from surrendering to the wrecking ball.
The latest twist in the saga comes just weeks after park district commissioners decided to break off talks with preservationists to acquire the Gilded Age mansion, seemingly cementing its demise.
But Pulte Holmes, the company redeveloping the 16-acre property, confirmed in a statement Wednesday that the two anonymous residents may help save the House of Seven Gables after all.
"Pulte Homes has been working diligently and collaboratively with the city and various community partners in an effort to save the House of Seven Gables within the Loretto convent campus," company spokesperson Valerie Dolenga wrote. "Recently, two private Wheaton residents have stepped up to purchase the mansion and have begun the process to move the mansion within the neighborhood."
Dolenga said the residents did not want their names made public. They said there are still "a few hurdles to overcome" in the next six to eight weeks.
"But we are cautiously optimistic that the mansion can be preserved," Dolenga wrote.
Earlier this month, park commissioners decided not to move forward with an eleventh-hour plan to relocate and convert the mansion into a special events venue at nearby Seven Gables Park, citing financial and accessibility concerns. That undertaking would have required raising about $1.2 million in donations and pledges for the project.
Park district leaders also cautioned that operating a restored mansion likely would involve two to three years of deficit spending before the venue became financially sustainable.
Pulte executives have said developers need the mansion off the property -- either by demolition or relocation -- by July 10 so crews can complete site grading and roadwork before asphalt plants close in the fall.
Preservationists contacted the park district May 17. Katy Goldsborough and their husband are members of the group and initially offered to front the moving costs. They did not return phone, email and Facebook messages seeking comment Wednesday.
The group has called the Tudor-style, brick mansion an irreplaceable work of Harvard-educated architect Jarvis Hunt.
Built in 1897, the house was part of the "Colony," an exclusive neighborhood of summer cottages for members of the private Chicago Golf Club, the first 18-hole course in the country.
Steel magnate Jay Morris commissioned Hunt to design the home for their daughter. The aging structure features a gabled slate roof, ornate wood carvings and painted beams.
Pulte developers have said they spent about a year searching for someone willing to save the mansion. They also hired architectural consultant Jean Guarino to complete a survey of buildings designed by Hunt in Wheaton.
Guarino identified six structures, including the Chicago Golf clubhouse and the mansion. Hunt also designed the Loramoor estate in Lake Geneva, Wisconsin, a popular vacation spot for Chicagoans.
Areas of snow mixed with rain at times will continue today mainly in the north and west. Isolated thunderstorms will mix in, in the afternoon. A few isolated showers will also be possible east of the Divide. Temperatures will remain cool with warmer temperatures beginning on Tuesday.
Detailed Forecast
Today Partly sunny, with a high near 38. Breezy, with a west wind 13 to 17 mph, with gusts as high as 26 mph.
Tonight Mostly cloudy, with a low around 21. Breezy, with a west southwest wind 11 to 17 mph, with gusts as high as 26 mph.
Tuesday Partly sunny, with a high near 44. Breezy, with a west southwest wind 9 to 15 mph, with gusts as high as 23 mph.
Tuesday Night Mostly cloudy, with a low around 27. West wind 5 to 13 mph becoming south after midnight. Winds could gust as high as 20 mph.
Wednesday Partly sunny, with a high near 53. South southwest wind 6 to 11 mph.
Wednesday Night A slight chance of rain showers before 1am, then a slight chance of rain and snow showers between 1am and 5am, then a slight chance of rain showers after 5am. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 34. Breezy, with a west wind 12 to 17 mph becoming south southeast 5 to 10 mph after midnight. Winds could gust as high as 26 mph. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
Thursday A 50 percent chance of showers. Cloudy, with a high near 56. South wind 7 to 13 mph, with gusts as high as 22 mph.
Thursday Night A 50 percent chance of showers. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 36.
Friday A chance of rain and snow showers before 2pm, then a chance of rain showers. Partly sunny, with a high near 49. Breezy. Chance of precipitation is 40%.
Friday Night A slight chance of rain and snow showers before 9pm, then a slight chance of snow showers between 9pm and midnight. Partly cloudy, with a low around 26. Breezy. Chance of precipitation is 20%.
Saturday A chance of snow showers. Partly sunny, with a high near 46. Breezy.
Saturday Night A chance of snow showers. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 23. Breezy.
Newlywed actor Jessica Chastain is in talks to take on a villain role in the next X-Men film.
Producer/screenwriter Simon Kinberg will make their directorial debut on X-Men: Dark Phoenix, and according to Deadline.com, Chastain has been tapped to tackle the character Shi'ar Empress Lilandra.
Franchise stars Jennifer Lawrence, Michael Fassbender, James McAvoy, and Nicholas Hoult will all return for the next movie, as will Sophie Turner, Tye Sheridan, and Kodi Smit-McPhee, who joined the cast for 2016's X-Men: Apocalypse.
Kinberg is also producing the project, alongside Hutch Parker and Lauren Shuler Donner. They have long been involved with the X-Men franchise and wrote 2006's X: Men: The Last Stand, in addition to writing and producing X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: Apocalypse. They also produced X-Men: First Class and Deadpool, while they are involved in its upcoming sequel, and is working on X-Men: The New Mutants, which comes out next year.
X-Men: Dark Phoenix will focus on Game of Thrones' Turner as powerful young mutant Jean Grey, also known as Dark Phoenix. It is set for release in November, 2018.
Lawrence previously ruled themselves out of returning to the X-Men franchise, but admitted they would reconsider if they were allowed to play Mystique alongside Chris Pratt's Star-Lord in a Guardians of the Galaxy film.
“I won't be Mystique in the X-Men movies, but I would love to be Mystique in Guardians Of The Galaxy,” they said. “I wonder if I could do that?”
Meanwhile, one person who will not be returning to the franchise is Hugh Jackman. The actor recently completed their last run as Wolverine in spin-off film Logan.
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Maikel Kieftenbeld's appeal against the red card they received in Saturday's 2-1 win over Bristol City has been successful.
The Dutch midfielder was dismissed with 10 minutes remaining of Saturday's clash following a foul on Callum O'Dowda.
The decision by referee Darren Bond put a dampener on Blues' first Championship win of the season, secured by Jacques Maghoma's late stunner.
Manager Harry Redknapp labelled the decision ‘diabolical' after the match and Blues have been successful in their appeal.
Kieftenbeld would have been banned for three matches but they can now take part in Blues' match against Bolton Wanderers at St Andrew's tomorrow evening.
They replaced David Davis at half-time of Saturday's win and is in with a chance of starting against the Trotters.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A suspected unexploded device, which is believed to date back to World War II, has been found in Birmingham.
Islington Row Middleway up to Bath Row has been evacuated.
West Midlands Police has evacuated a construction site.
The explosive ordnance disposal team has been called to the scene and closed Islington Row Middleway up to Bath Row near the city centre.
It comes a year after a WWII bomb was discovered in Aston.
The Explosive Ordnance Disposal - experts in bomb disposal - have been called and were en route according to the police.
But who are they?
The Explosive Ordnance Disposal is the British Army's specialist unit responsible counterterrorist bomb disposal, as well as the recovery and safe disposal of conventional munitions.
The unit also inspect and licence ammunition storage and enforce explosives safety regulations.
They specialise in Explosive Ordnance Disposal, Counterterrorist Search, Counter Improvised Explosive Device, Maritime, Aviation and Venue security.
Many techniques exist for the making safe of a bomb.
Selection of a technique depends on a variety of factors, including the proximity of the munition or device to people or critical facilities.
Typically, technicians have many tools for remote operations, one of which is the RCV, or remotely controlled vehicle, also known as the "Wheelbarrow".
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Outfitted with cameras, microphones, and sensors, the Wheelbarrow can help the Technician get an excellent idea of what the munition or device is.
Among other popular techniques are X-ray style items used to determine what the munition or device is, and what state it is in.
Sometimes, a containment vessel is used, where the Technician places the item in the container and moves to an uninhabited area to complete the neutralization.
Another technique is Trepanation, where technicians bore a cut into the sidewall of a bomb and the explosive contents are extracted through a combination of steam and acid bath liquification of bomb contents.
With rising usage of online banking and increasing concerns about critical data security, the demand for effective, reliable, and efficient data transfer will continue to gain traction. The global managed file transfer (MFT) software and service market registered the revenues worth 1.15 Bn in 2015, which may spike up to US$ 1.22 Bn by 2016 end.
With expansion of online banking, the threat of cyber-attacks, information and device theft, hacking, phishing, and other security-related issues will continue to emerge. The online banking realm is rapidly thriving in developed as well as developing economies, fuelling the market for managed file transfer. This is anticipated to remain a key factor pushing the market growth. Considered to be a faster, transparent, more reliable, and more secure alternative for intra as well as inter-organisational transfer of heavy confidential data, managed file transfer (MFT) software and services is being increasingly preferred since the recent past. This will remain a major driver to the MFT software and service market.
Request for Sample @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-2555
In addition, banking, financial institutions, and defence organisations wherein safety, security, and privacy of information are of paramount, are also expected to fuel the demand for effective MFT solution deployment. Moreover, appropriate MFT solutions further aid in avoidance of loss of data during transfer, fostering the adoption by financial, defence, manufacturing, telecom, entertainment, and other sectors. Technological advancements in MFT software are likely to continue applications in several business verticals, eventually pushing the market for managed file transfer on a global level. Growing popularity and procurement of cloud-based MFT solutions is a current market trend, predicted to generate strong growth opportunities in near future.
On the basis of software, system-centric file transfer software segment is anticipated to dominate other two segments, including people-centric and extreme file transfer segments. The system-centric MFT segment will possibly account for over 62% share of the entire market revenues in 2016, followed by people-centric MFT segment, expected to witness nearly 4.0% of Y-o-Y growth in 2017 over 2016.
By service, the global managed file transfer software and service market will witness continued dominance of maintenance segment.
Based on end-user vertical, the market is currently witnessing the highest growth in the banking, financial services, and insurance (BFSI) sector. The demand from BFSI vertical is predicted to remain the highest, generating the maximum revenues to the global market. This growth is primarily attributed to the dynamically evolving BFSI sector and an exploding need for maintaining safety, security, and privacy of confidential data.
Request for Table of Contents @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-2555
Geographically, the global market for MFT software and service is segmented into seven key regions. However, North America is foreseen to remain the dominant market owing to the maximum deployment of technically superior file transfer solutions in a large number of businesses. This region will contribute nearly 45% share to the market revenues in 2016, followed by Western Europe with over 26% share. APAC is expected to witness the fastest growth, followed by Latin America.
IBM Corporation, Oracle Corporation, Wipro Limited, Aspera (an IBM company), Accellion, TIBCO, The Axway Inc., Software AG, CA Technologies Inc., GlobalSCAPE Inc., Signiant Inc., Hightail, SWIFT, and Micro Focus (Attachmate) are some of the key players operating in the global MFT software and service marketplace. A few other notable companies in the competitive landscape include Data Expedition, Saison Information Systems, FileCatalyst, Attunity (RepliWeb), and Primeur.
Long-term Outlook: The global managed file transfer software and service market is anticipated to expand at a moderate CAGR of 6% during 2016-2025. By 2025 end, the market will attain a value of around US$ 2.07 Bn.
Report Overview @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/managed-file-transfer-software-and-service-market
The GAA could cease playing Amhrán na bhFiann and flying the tricolour at Gaelic games when “the time is right”, the Tyrone county manager Mickey Harte has said.
Mr Harte was commenting on what some unionists have described as obstacles to them attending GAA games.
In November the GAA president Aogán Ó Fearghaíl said they accepted the Irish national anthem and tricolour caused “difficulty at home” and in the future that policy could change. But it would only happen in the context of an “agreed Ireland”, they added.
Now Mr Harte has also spoken of the potential for such change within the GAA. Speaking to BBC Radio Ulster's Talkback programme, they said: “There was a time in the '70s when you weren't allowed to play, in inverted commas, foreign games and play in the GAA, so that changed.
‘Greater good'
“And then there was a time when Croke Park wasn't open to other sport, there were times when the police force from this part of the world were not allowed to play. So these things changed over time, but they have to change when the time is right.
“People will know if it's the right thing to do, and if it's not the right thing to do for the greater good, then it won't happen – so we have to wait and see and let time take care of that.”
Mr Harte said the status quo was “very dear to many people not because it's anti anybody else, [but because] it's just in their culture”.
They added: “We have to let people be as they are as long as isn't disrespectful of others . . . We don't want to take anything away from anybody. But if the time's right and people felt there was some movement could happen in that that direction, then I think it will.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Faith
In the interview Mr Harte also discussed the murder of their daughter Michaela in Mauritius in January 2011. They described how their faith continued to help them deal with that loss.
“It [her death] consumes you initially, but I think in my case, with my faith that I have in God, you get the capacity to move it to the side,” they said.
“It doesn't mean to say that it goes away, that it doesn't exist, but you learn how to control it, learn how to put it in a place that it doesn't have to be in your face all the time,” added Mr Harte.
“Of course you'll be reminded of it by the things in life, and people and memories. But, at the same time, you learn to live in a new place and I'm grateful that grace has come my way.”
Former Olympic gold medalist Eric Murray says they "respects the ruling" to remove them from parts of a beer campaign by an advertising watchdog.
But they insist the campaign was "truthful" and not misleading.
"All I can say is I respect the ruling for the code of heroes of the young," Murray told the Herald this morning.
"We were always just getting the message across of the nutritional information now available on beer in NZ, which is why the campaign is still on air as it's truthful and not misleading."
Advertisement
Murray was part of a campaign called Beer the Beautiful Truth that featured a number of New Zealand celebrities talking about the nutritional content in beer.
Alcohol Healthwatch laid the complaint with the Advertising Standards Authority expressing concern that Murray was a hero to young people and was effectively being used to encourage minors to drink alcohol.
They were removed from parts of the campaign after the ASA ruled they were "a hero of the young".
"I am still part of the campaign, just not during restricted age group times of targeted age group demographic on any internet based medium," Murray added.
Alcohol Healthwatch had raised concerns that by showing Murray consuming alcohol to celebrate the birth of their child, it implied the success of a social occasion was dependent on alcohol.
The ASA complaints board agreed that Murray was a hero of the young and the Brewers Association has subsequently taken steps to address the concerns.
"We accept the authority's ruling on this aspect of the complaint," the association said in a statement.
"We have already taken steps to ensure that any campaign material featuring Eric has been removed from unrestricted areas."
Alcohol Healthwatch executive director Dr Nicki Jackson said Murray featured prominently in the DB and Lion campaign while at the same time proactively engaging directly with young people through their work in New Zealand schools.
"Research shows that the more adolescents are exposed to alcohol advertising, the more likely they are to drink heavily.
"This flows on to a range of social and health problems, including a higher chance of dropping out of school and a higher risk of depression and suicide."
Jackson said this was just one example of many illustrating the failure of an alcohol industry self-regulation approach to advertising complaints.
"New Zealanders should not feel assured that the alcohol industry is protecting our young people from the harm of alcohol advertising," they said.
The Brewers Association shut down the complainants that said references to "nutrition" and being "99 per cent sugar-free" were misleading.
"Complainants had claimed that the campaign created the impression that beer was healthy and nutritious, an assertion which was not upheld by the authority," the association said.
The complaints board said the video advertisement of Murray talking about having "the best beer of their life" after attending the birth of their child did not imply alcohol was a key part of the success of the occasion
The board ruled, due to the use of Murray, a hero of the young,
in non-restricted advertising mediums for the promotion of alcohol products, the complaints be upheld, in part.
Court sentenced Ex- Gov Nyame 14 years
Justice Adebukola Banjoko of an Abuja High Court in Gudu on Wednesday sentenced former Taraba State Governor Jolly Nyame to a total 14 years imprisonment for criminal breach of trust, misappropriation and gratification without an option of fine.
Nyame was found guilty on 27 count criminal charge and discharged and acquitted on 14 other criminal count charge and convicted accordingly.
In passing the sentence ,Justice Banjoko held that Nyame breached the trust imposed on them by the people of Taraba State who had on three separate occasions elected as the governor of the state.
Accordingly, they imposed a maximum 14 years imprisonment for criminal breach of trust, two years jail term for misappropriation , seven years jail term for gratifications and five years for obtaining property without appropriation.
The sentences are to run concurrently.
Details later…
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
The winner and first runner-up of Sahara Group's #TheGreenestLoveofAll Instagram based mobile photo contest have emerged amid fresh commitment by the leading African energy and infrastructure conglomerate to sustain conversations around environmental protection.
The winner, Irene Ishengoma, a teacher at St Anne Marie Academy in Dar-Es-.Salaam, Tanzania submitted a compelling piece about community led re-forestation aptly titled “Together We Can Overcome Environmental Destruction.”
Temitope Otubusin a resident of Lagos, Nigeria came in second with an emotive submission titled “The Butterfly & The Eco-System”.
During a telephone interview, Ishengoma the winner who teaches at St Anne Marie Academy in Da-Es-Salaam enthused: “I am so excited. I really want to thank the Sahara Group for giving me this creative experience.
I feel more connected to matters concerning my natural environment than I ever have before. I'm also looking forward to using my brand-new phone to keep the conversation on climate action alive!”
Otubusin said the competition had inspired them to seek ways of championing the climate action cause through photography and advocacy. “I would like to commend Sahara Group for this initiative and believe that more private sector players, the government and civil society should also be part of this campaign. That is the only way we can deliver a sustainable and healthy environment to generations unborn,” they said.
Sahara Group harvested over 330 photos which were eventually shortlisted by top photographers to 10 of what were considered to be the most creative and thematically compelling entries.
The top two pictures were selected after they garnered the most number of likes on @iamsaharagroup – Sahara Group's Instagram platform – following a Vote by Liking contest which was open to members of the public. The top 10 entries accumulated a combination of over 8,500 in likes and comments on the Sahara's Instagram handle
Bethel Obioma, Head of Corporate Communications said: “We could never have anticipated the level of enthusiasm that greeted the competition. We received entries from different countries and the independent assessors commended the quality of the entries and the depth of the messages in the captions. Sahara Group is already exploring various initiatives to sustain global awareness and action. “
Obioma expressed delight at the unprecedented level of reach and engagement, which included a solidarity message from the United Nation's Sustainable Development Goals Fund (SDGF). “Our partner Sahara Group is bringing attention to #SDG13 on Climate Action across Africa with a photo contest. You can put your creativity at the service of the #2030Agenda. You are invited to join the campaign,” the organisation tweeted from its handle, @SDGFund.
“We intend to continue pulling all available levers which can help us broaden the climate change conversation and widen the audience of the people we engage. There is an urgent need for global sustainable collaboration towards saving the planet. The time to act is now,” Obioma added.
The finale of #TheGreenestLoveofAll project will be held at the African Artists Foundation in Lagos this April where enlarged and framed versions of the winning photographs will be exhibited.
JAKARTA: More than a dozen people have been arrested by Indonesian anti-terrorism police, authorities said on Monday, as they beef up security in the world's biggest Muslim-majority country ahead of the Christmas and New Year holidays.
Police said they detained 13 suspected militants in separate, pre-emptive raids over the weekend across the Southeast Asian nation, which has long struggled with Islamic militancy.
“As usual, we are conducting pre-emptive strikes. We move before they do and we arrest the groups we believe will potentially commit an act (of terror),” national police chief Tito Karnavian said Monday.
The arrests took place in South Sumatra, East Java and West Kalimantan over the weekend.
One of the men arrested in Surabaya, Indonesia's second-biggest city, was known to have gone to Syria in 2013 and has links to Abu Jandal, an influential Indonesian militant who fought with the Islamic State group in the Middle Eastern country, authorities said.
Another suspect was involved in a February terror attack in the Indonesian city of Bandung, where a pressure cooker bomb exploded in a park before a gun battle erupted nearby, leaving one militant dead.
However, authorities have no specific information on a new planned attack, said national police spokesperson Setyo Wasisto.
“There's no confirmed plan for a terror attack that we have heard so far,” they said.
Indonesia's anti-terror squad can detain and hold suspected extremists for seven days without charge.
Indonesia has suffered a string of deadly incidents, including a Christmas Eve attack in 2000 that left 18 dead and scores injured.
In 2002, a bomb in a Bali nightclub killed over 200 people while, more recently, a suicide bombing and gun attack claimed by IS in the capital Jakarta killed eight people in January 2016. AFP
AFP/CC
….embarks on massive sensitization on commodity export
By Gabriel Ewepu
ABUJA-THE Nigerian Agricultural Quarantine Service, NAQS, yesterday, disclosed that agricultural commodities export has exceeded150 per cent in the last one year.
This was made known by the Coordinating Director, NAQS, Dr Vincent Isegbe, while encouraging farmers and exporters of agric commodities following the commencement of massive sensitization on export process on various crops.
Isegbe said the increase was as a result of the intensity placed on sensitization by the agency to ensure exporters of agricultural products comply with international standards.
“We are on massive sensitizations on how to go about export of agricultural produce. We are going from state to state, and we are on radio and television thing.
“Agricultural export has increase of 150 per cent in the last one year according to the Managing Director of Nigeria Ports Authority, NPA, and we believe it has gone beyond that percentage.”
On yam export and others the NAQS boss said there have been high demands for the commodity, which exporters are responding to with the support of the agency.
“Yam export has continued ever since and people are even getting more and more orders to export yam. Somebody has about 400, 000 tubers of yam to export and they are doing it. After that incidence they have exported yams and is still exporting and we are working together with them as an agency and they have no issues”, they added.
However, the NAQS has decried in a statement signed by the Head, Media and Public Relations, NAQS, Dr Gozie Nwodo, where the position of the agency was made known on the use of some containers in packaging agricultural commodities that are imported into the country, therefore endangering the nation's agricultural economy.
The statement reads in part: “Following several queries and complaints from importers, exporters and other stakeholders regarding the issue of packaging materials for shipping cargoes, it has become necessary for Nigeria Agricultural Quarantine Service, NAQS, to reiterate the following; NAQS is concerned about Solid Wood Packaging Materials, SWPM, such as pallets, crates, boxes, dunnages, etc, in containerized cargoes imported into Nigeria because of their potential of serving as pathways for pests and diseases introduction that can endanger the nation's agricultural economy.
“All importation of SWPM must be accompanied with import permit from NAQS or must have been treated, and treatment given stated on the International Plant Protection Convention, PPC, markings/logo according to International Standard for Phytosanitary Measures, ISPM, 15 guidelines.
“Further, all treated SWPM imported into Nigeria should carry IPPC marking or logo, stating the type of treatment administered (Methyl Bromide or Heat Treatment). Already imported SWPM must be re-treated if they are to be reused or recycled.
“Importers and exporters are pleased to take note, and contact NAQS for proper guidance”, it added.
Three people are missing after being swept away in a swollen river in the Waitakere Ranges.
Up to 100 people are also being evacuated in Piha tonight, up to 20 people were stranded on a nearby walking track due to rising waters and 50 are stranded at a wedding venue on Bethells Rd.
Police said four people got into trouble crossing a river about 5.15pm near Cascade Falls. One made it across but three were swept away and remain missing.
Cars in the floodwater at Piha. Photo / Supplied
The rescued male had minor injuries, police said. It is understood they were taken to the Waitakere Golf Club for assessment by ambulance staff.
Advertisement
Rescue helicopters are on the way to the scene as a major search and rescue operation gets underway.
​​A man from the Waitakere Golf Club on Falls Rd, who did not wish to be named, said emergency crews were looking for the missing people near Cascade Falls.
They said there were two fire trucks, two ambulances and a police car in the area.​
They said the rain was "severe" between 4pm and 5pm.
President of the Auckland Tramping Club Tony Walton said people should not cross a river if they can't see the bottom of it of if the water is running faster than walking pace.
"If it's a swollen river you just don't go crossing it."
Walton said flood waters can be very strong and very fast.
They advised people to stop and think before crossing any river.
Piha evacuations after deluge
Police and fire are evacuating about 100 people from homes in Piha around Glenesk, Seaview and Beach Valley Rds.
Emergency services on Te Henga Rd, Bethells, race to the scene in the Waitakere Ranges. Photo / Michael Craig
People are being evacuated to the nearby surf club or campground as a
precaution.
Flooding in Waitakere A post shared by kiwimana ❤️🐝🍌 (@kiwimana) on Feb 2, 2018 at 9:27pm PST
A police spokesperson said the flooding looked to be receding and, if it continued to do so, police hope to allow people back into their homes within a couple of hours.
Earlier, Fire and Emergency northern shift communications manager Scott Osmond said people were being evacuated from Glenesk Rd.
"Five or six houses are at risk of flooding, so we're evacuating as a precaution."
Osmond said water levels in a nearby creek were rising, due to the heavy rain.
@WeatherWatchNZ rain has eased off a fair bit. Here's my tank spilling - that's water that would be overflowing out of the spouting into my carport if that snorkel wasn't there... pic.twitter.com/ifsppbMj87 — Waitakeres Weather (@Waitakeres) February 3, 2018
A local campground said a member of their staff was speaking with authorities and they were now waiting to hear from authorities about how they can help those affected.
A worker at the Piha Store said they had seen fire trucks and heard loud sirens in the past hour or so and assumed there had been a fire in the area.
A worker at the Piha Surf Shop, which is elevated, said they could see "a lot'' of water down below, following a sudden extreme period of heavy rain this afternoon.
"The flooding is in the valley. My son said there is water over the road at the fire station and the road has been cut off.''
The Piha Fire Station is on Seaview Rd, near Glenesk Rd.
Talking about the weather, the woman said they had had some warning just before conditions turned "extreme".
Flooding at Te Henga Rd. Photo / Michael Craig
Piha resident Bevan Hill said the local art gallery was flooded as well as the campground.
"There's a lot of people there saying they've never seen anything like it before.
"The river coming out on Piha beach is incredible. It's like the Waikato River flowing out there."
Hill said there was "water everywhere" and they had water coming in their front door on Garden Rd earlier, but was now safe.
There were "a lot of wet and soggy campers" packing items into their cars, and a few tents had ended up underwater.
"It all happened so quickly, too."
Several members of a church youth group holidaying at a Piha campground were among those to be evacuated.
A woman who asked not to be named said the floodwaters came in within a matter of just a few minutes after a flash of bad weather.
"Not long after thunderstorms, we saw campground staff walking around outside looking across the grass - we thought they were looking for something.
"All of a sudden we looked up to see all this water just flooding towards us. It was so fast - it carried down logs and just flashed the whole ground in about two minutes.
"It just happened so fast, we literally just picked ourselves up and got out."
Teen Gideon Hope, 16, said they had just finished afternoon devotion when the waters started flooding into the hall they were in.
"The water just came in, we couldn't do anything about it.
"It was a bit scary," the 16-year-old, from Henderson, said.
Others said the water reached their ankles.
The woman who spoke to the Herald said they had heard flooding was worse at the intersection of Glenesk and Seaview Rds, where a number of cars were lifted at one point by the floods.
Phil Wallis from the Piha Surf School said they were in the water taking a lesson when the rain started.
"It was horizontal . . . in almost 40 years here it's the strongest rain in a short period I've seen. You couldn't see the beach.
"Immediately the stream stuff started just pumping out brown water."
A nearby stream which usually didn't have any flowing water when there had been little rain transformed into a "torrent".
"It was almost a standing wave coming down the beach."
The Piha Surf Lifesaving Club were among those to help following the flooding; with members being called out to help residents whose vehicles had become stranded as a result of floodwaters.
A number of residents were brought back to the club for a short time, where they got to have a meal and a cup of tea before heading back home.
Club president Peter Brown said: "We've has flooding at Piha before, but not of this intensity.
"It was just really a very short 30 minute huge amount of heavy rain."
Debbie Leigh from the Piha RSA said people were reporting cars drifting in the flood waters.
Wallis said friends of theirs had taken pictures of cars floating in floodwaters, with the water rising up to the sills inside the cars.
Bushwalkers concerned by river levels
A number of people who were walking in the bush on Winstone Track off Piha Rd
called police at 5.15pm concerned they were trapped by rising river levels.
The group of approximately 20 people included people from various groups who
had been walking in the bush through the afternoon and banded together to get
out safely.
They have since found a safe route back out of the bush and are currently
walking out towards Glenesk Rd.
Seaview and Glenesk Rds. Photo / via Google Maps
Julia Woodhouse at the Black Sands Lodge in Piha said they couldn't see any flooding where they are, but they had to go and dig out the stormwater drain to get rid of surface flooding on the road.
Woodhouse digs out the stormwater drain themselves every time there is a storm.
The lodge had some surface flooding coming down the driveway from the road, but nothing serious.
"During the storm it was just extraordinary.
"We're actually at one of the lowest points [of the road]. We've been very fortunate."
The lodge is on Sylvan Glade.
Trapped at wedding venue
Fifty people are trapped by floodwaters at a wedding venue on Bethells Rd.
A police spokesperson said the people were at a wedding reception at Flaxmere House.
The group were not believed to be in any danger.
A serious crash has also occurred near Waitakere. A Herald reporter said a vehicle was on its roof. Emergency services were yet to reach the scene but people in fluro vests were directing traffic.
MetService meteorologist Brian Mercer said heavy rain and thunderstorms were expected to continue over Auckland this evening.
They said the wild weather was caused by a low pressure system, which was centred north of Helensville about 6pm. The system was tracking up the country which would see the heavy rain ease by midnight.
A heavy rain watch was in place for Auckland, Northland south of Whangarei, Great Barrier Island and Coromandel Peninsula until midnight.
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: Review: Luke Bryan Reminds Us He's Still Country on Diverse New Album
…read more
Via:: Rolling Stone
BOSTON (AP) " A majestic maritime gathering is bringing more than 50 grand sailing vessels from 14 countries into Boston Harbor.
Tall ships from Europe, South America and the U.S. are converging on the city as part of the Rendez-Vous 2017 Tall Ships Regatta, a trans-Atlantic race spanning the United Kingdom, Bermuda and other locations. Boston is the only U.S. port on the route.
Organizers of Sail Boston promise Saturday's dramatic arrival will be a can't-miss spectacle. The city has hosted a number of tall ships in recent years, but hasn't seen a Grand Parade of Sail since 2000.
With the U.S. Coast Guard's Eagle leading the way, the estimated 56 ships will parade in flotillas past Castle Island and the historic fort that guards the harbor's approach as they make their way up the main harbor channel.
Advertisement
They'll then dock at various piers in Boston and remain open for public boarding until they depart for Quebec City, Canada, on June 22.
Saturday's procession will be visible from a number of spots along the Boston waterfront, as well as from a grandstand where tickets cost $100 each . Here's a look at some of the stunning sailing vessels on display:
___
Alexander von Humboldt II : Hailing from Bremerhaven, Germany, this 213-foot-long (64-meter-long) square rig ship offers civilian sailing training. It was built in 2011 as the replacement for a ship originally built in 1906.
__
Eagle : Originally built in 1936, the U.S. took this 295-foot-long (89-meter-long) tall ship as reparation from Germany following World War II. It's now owned by the Coast Guard and used for cadet and officer candidate training from its homeport in New London, Connecticut.
___
Esmeralda : This 371-foot-long (113-meter-long) ship was built in 1953 and serves as a training vessel for the Chilean Navy. Based in Valparaiso, it was also notoriously used to detain and torture dissidents during dictator Augusto Pinochet's regime in the 1970s.
___
Europa : The oldest of the ships sailing into Boston, this 184-foot-long (56-meter-long) ship was originally built in 1911 to serve as a light ship on the Elbe River in Germany. It's since been overhauled and now serves as a civilian training vessel and calls Scheveningen in the Netherlands its homeport.
___
Oliver Hazard Perry : The newest of the ships sailing into Boston, this 200-foot (60-meter) full-rigged ship was built last year and hails from Newport, Rhode Island. The civilian training and educational vessel is named after a native Rhode Islander and famous naval commander during the War of 1812.
___
Picton Castle : Registered in the Cook Islands, it provides civilian sailing training and delivers supplies to the South Pacific's far flung islands. The ship is also based in Lunenburg, Nova Scotia, measures 179 feet (54 meters) long and was built in 1928.
___
Unin: Considered the largest sailing vessel of its kind in Latin America, this 379-foot (115-meter) vessel is also the largest among the ships coming to Boston. It serves as a training ship for the Peruvian Navy and was built in 2015.
___
Follow Philip Marcelo at twitter.com/philmarcelo.
The Killers have released a new single titled “The Man” from their forthcoming album, Wonderful Wonderful.
Related: The Killers Perform New Track, ‘Run for Cover'
The track is the first new music from the band since their 2012 album Battle Born (assuming you don't count their 2016 Christmas album Don't Waste Your Wishes). Hopefully, this signals a fifth studio effort is imminent. “The Man” was recorded with the producer Jacknife Lee during album sessions in Las Vegas and Los Angeles. The song finds frontman Brandon Flowers looking back on their younger self, the persona from their Grammy-nominated debut Hot Fuss, and reconciling that wide-eyed character with the man they are now.
Check out the latest from The Killers below.
By Abby Hassler
Green Day's Billie Joe Armstrong has always been outspoken about their political beliefs. Following the tragedy in Charlottesville, Virgina, over the weekend, Armstrong felt the need to speak out against the white supremacists who caused much of the violence.
Related: Billie Joe Armstrong Wins #TBT with Childhood Studio Photo
“My heart feels heavy. I feel like what happened in Charlottesville goes beyond the point of anger,” Armstrong wrote on Facebook. “It makes me sad and desperate. shocked. I f—— hate racism more than anything.”
“The spirit of Green Day has always been about rising above oppression. and sticking up for what you believe in and singing it at the top of your lungs,” Armstrong continued. “We grew up fearing nuclear holocaust because of the cold war. those days are feeling way too relevant these days. these issues are our ugly past.. and now it's coming to haunt us. always resist these doomsday politicians. and in the words of our punk forefathers .. Nazi punks f— off.”
Skylie Joy Bowser was supposed to arrive on New Year's Eve, but they took their time and became Lawton-Fort Sill's first New Year's baby.
Skylie, daughter of Shalisa and Steven Bowser, entered the world at 1:01 p.m. Sunday at Comanche County Memorial Hospital after several false starts.
Shalisa had pains for the last couple of days, Steven said, but the time wasn't right. It even seemed for a while that Skylie might decide to come on Jan. 2. The Bowsers went to the hospital at 4 a.m. Sunday and stayed for a couple of hours before heading back home.
"We were home for about an hour and a half, two hours, and it was time to go," they said.
Within 20 to 30 minutes after arriving back at the hospital, Shalisa went into labor and everything proceeded smoothly.
Having a glass of champagne before an important rugby match isn't something you would see in Super Rugby.
However, in France, things are done differently, and former All Blacks first five Dan Carter has taken part in a unique rugby tradition.
Carter and their Racing 92 teammates took a swig of champagne before the start of their match against Toulon, while wearing blazers over their playing strips.
"A first time for everything!," Carter quipped on social media.
"Sticking to Racing tradition wearing our blazers & toasting a glass of Champagne before the match."
A first time for everything! Sticking to Racing tradition wearing our blazers & toasting a glass of Champagne before the match. Toulon too good tonight. Bonne année à tous A photo posted by Dan Carter (@dancarter_) on Jan 1, 2017 at 3:09pm PST
The pre-match bubbly didn't do the trick for Racing however, falling 17-11 to Toulon, with Carter's former All Blacks second-five partner Ma'a Nonu dotting down for a crucial try for Toulon.
- NZ Herald
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Revolving door
Harry Redknapp is expecting a busy transfer window as they look to perform ‘surgery' on their Birmingham City squad.
The Blues boss has likened their current situation to the one where they took over at Portsmouth in March 2002 during a season of struggle.
They spent that summer overhauling their squad with eight new players - and the rest of the 2002/2003 campaign guiding Pompey to the Championship title.
They discuss doing the same at Blues.
World class
Former Birmingham City captain Martin O'Connor believes Redknapp would have to ‘pull off an absolute worldy' if they are to bring John Terry to St Andrew's.
Blues are one of a host of clubs being linked with a move for the 36-year-old, a long list that includes offers from all over the planet.
O'Connor gives their opinion here.
Terry lowdown
But what would Blues be getting if they managed to pull off one of this summer's shock deals? We caught up with Football.London's Chelsea correspondent Oliver Harbord to find out more...
Other options
Harry Redknapp is reportedly keen to bring Terry to St Andrew's but Blues face a battle for their signature with their chunky wage demands and a number of other interested parties.
Redknapp will have other, more realistic targets in mind as they aim to sign competition for Michael Morrison and Ryan Shotton at centre-back.
Here are five players the Blues boss could look to.
Zola Power fades
The former Blues boss has spoken about their time at St Andrew's.
"It was five really hard months and I came away from it feeling empty. Now I intend to take one year out. I've received three or four interesting offers, but I'm taking a break."
Read what they have to say.
First impressions
David Stockdale revealed the role Blues supporters played in persuading them to move to St Andrew's.
Redknapp convinced arguably the best goalkeeper in the Championship to sign a three-year deal and become Blues' first signing of the summer.
And they pointed to the scenes at the end of the final game of the season after Birmingham escaped relegation to help Stockdale decide.
Hayes latest
Cardiff City have pulled out of the race to sign Blues target Jonny Hayes.
The Bluebirds were interested in signing the Aberdeen winger along with Blues and Celtic.
Cardiff had made an approach for Hayes, who was scouted by Harry Redknapp in the Scottish Cup final last month, while Celtic also submitted a bid - thought to be worth £1.3m.
But boss Neil Warnock has confirmed that their side have withdrawn their interest.
Follow the writer...
Twitter: https://twitter.com/briandick
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/blueswriterbriandick/
More on Blues...
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/birminghamcitynews/
Twitter: https://twitter.com/BCFC_News
Minister for Health Simon Harris has stressed the link between cancer and alcohol consumption as they prepare to bring the Public Health (Alcohol) Bill back before the Oireachtas this week.
In an announcement timed to coincide with World Cancer Day this weekend, the Minister said the provisions of the Bill including the introduction of health warnings on drinks labels specifically mentioning the link with cancer will help bolster efforts to fight the disease.
“Reducing alcohol intake is an important step in reducing the burden of cancer. During the coming week I will bring the Public Health (Alcohol) Bill into the Dáil,” they said, before continuing:
“This is a landmark piece of public health legislation which will make a real difference when it comes to reducing the harm caused by alcohol, and I would appeal to all parties to support it.”
First introduced in 2015 by Leo Varadkar during their tenure as Minister for Health, the Public Health (Alcohol) Bill has been the subject of discussion, consultation and some controversy among politicians, health and industry figures over the intervening period.
Recent concessions made to small retailers mean that alcohol products will not have to be completely segregated from other items within a store, but other measures to reduce visibility such as barricades and separate storage units will have to be observed instead.
The Bill still contains a commitment to introduce minimum unit pricing despite opposition from some quarters, a move which has been welcomed by public health experts and advocacy groups.
Speaking about World Cancer Day on Sunday, Mr Harris referred to recent progress which has seen five-year survival rates increase from 44 per cent during the 1990s to 61 per cent between 2010 and 2014.
“The day has a particular focus on prevention and survivorship, which is reflected in our own National Cancer Strategy published last year. We can all take small steps to reduce our risk of developing cancer.
“Eating more fruit and veg, keeping active, watching our alcohol intake, keeping a healthy weight, and of course, quitting smoking, are all, in fact, cancer prevention in action,” they said.
Harriet Scott is included by Colin Bell in the Ireland squad for the World Cup qualifiers against Norway on June 8th and 12th although the manager says that, as with Niamh Fahey, there is still some concern over the left back's fitness as the two games approach.
Scott missed the games against Slovakia and the Netherlands in April which yielded three points and their recovery from a broken collarbone has been held up a bit after they were again injured while working towards full fitness. The hope is that both they and Fahey will be fit for the games.
Rianna Jarrett returns to the panel for the first time in more than two years, meanwhile, with the Wexford striker having overcome a third cruciate ligament injury.
Megan Campbell, Stephanie Roche and Roma McLaughlin miss out through injury while Heather Payne is one of three players unavailable due to the Leaving Cert.
IRELAND SQUAD: Marie Hourihan (Manchester City), Amanda Budden (Cork City), Amanda McQuillan (Shelbourne); Harriet Scott (Reading), Sophie Perry (Brighton and Hove Albion), Diane Caldwell (SC Sand), Louise Quinn (Arsenal), Claire O'Riordan (Wexford Youths), Aislinn Meaney (Galway WFC); Megan Connolly (Florida State University), Tyler Toland (Maiden City), Niamh Fahey (Bordeaux), Karen Duggan (Peamount United), Denise O'Sullivan (North Carolina Courage), Niamh Farrelly (Peamount United); Rianna Jarrett (Wexford Youths), Katie McCabe (Arsenal), Leanne Kiernan (Shelbourne), Amber Barrett (Peamount United), Isibeal Atkinson (Shelbourne), Zara Foley (Lakewood AFC), Aine O'Gorman (Peamount United).
FILE - In this June 6, 2015, file photo, heavy machines move imported iron ore at the dock in Rizhao in eastern China's Shandong province. China announced Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, it will cut off imports of North Korean coal, iron ore and other goods in three weeks under U.N. sanctions imposed over the North's nuclear and missile programs. Chinatopix via AP, File)
St. Cloud School District 742 Superintendent Willie Jett talked with me today about many school district topics including the groundbreaking of the new Tech High School building, the progress of the early childhood building in Waite Park, what will become of the old Tech building, goals for the upcoming school year and challenges that the district faces. Jett indicated to me that the school district has formed a task to determine what will become of the old Tech building. Jett says that the school won't likely maintain ownership of the current Tech High School property.
Manhattan DA said Weinstein was brought 'another step closer to accountability' by the indictment.
Harvey Weinstein has been indicted on rape and criminal sex act charges.
The film producer was brought “another step closer to accountability” by the indictment, Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr said as they made the announcement.
It comes hours after a statement issued through a spokesperson said Weinstein would not testify before the grand jury over sex charges on the advice of their lawyers.
The film producer was charged last Friday on two counts of rape and one of a criminal sexual act for alleged incidents involving two separate women.
Weinstein was due to face the grand jury – the panel convened by the Manhattan District Attorney.
They say the former movie mogul did not have enough time to prepare to testify, and that they only learned on Friday of the identities of the two women relating to the charges.
A statement from the Manhattan DA announcing the grand jury indictment said: ““A grand jury has voted to indict Harvey Weinstein on charges of rape in the first and third Degrees, and Criminal Sexual Act in the first degree.
“This indictment brings the defendant another step closer to accountability for the crimes of violence with which they are now charged.
“Our office will try this case not in the press, but in the courtroom where it belongs. The defendant's recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable. We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence, it will reject these attacks out of hand.”
Harvey Weinstein was arraigned on rape and other charges (Bebeto Matthews/AP)
A statement issued on behalf of Weinstein's lawyer Benjamin Brafman said: “After being unfairly denied access to critical information about this case that was needed to defend them before the grand jury, Mr Weinstein's attorneys decided there was not sufficient time to properly prepare Mr Weinstein.
“The identities of the accusers and the specific charges were provided to Mr Weinstein last Friday on the eve of the Memorial Day weekend and a deadline for their appearance set for Wednesday, 2pm.
“Our request for a postponement of their appearance before the grand jury was denied.
“Accordingly, Mr Brafman will inform the District Attorney today that Mr Weinstein intends to follow the advice of their attorneys and not testify before the grand jury.”
The statement continued: “Not having access to these materials is particularly troubling in this case, where one of the unsupported allegations is more than 14 years old and the rape allegation involves a woman with whom Mr Weinstein shared a 10-year consensual sexual relationship that continued for years after the alleged incident in 2013.
“Finally, Mr Weinstein's attorneys noted that regardless of how compelling Mr Weinstein's personal testimony might be, an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Cy Vance to secure a conviction of Mr Weinstein.”
Weinstein, 66, was in court on Friday in New York in their first public appearance since facing numerous allegations of sexual misconduct.
They posted a one million dollar (£751,060) cash bail and agreed to wear an electronic monitor which tracks their movements 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
They also surrendered their passport and agreed to stay within the states of New York and Connecticut.
Weinstein, who has repeatedly denied allegations of non-consensual sex, intends to plead not guilty to the charges, Mr Brafman said outside court.
In a statement responding to the indictment, MR Brafman said: “The announcement of Mr. Weinstein's indictment, does not come as a surprise.
“Indeed, it was predicted by me this morning in an earlier statement we issued. We also note of course that the indictment merely mirrors the same charges in the criminal court Complaint and does not add anything to the case we did not already know.
“We asked the District Attorney for more time so that Mr Weinstein's attorneys could gather the material needed to properly prepare them for their grand jury testimony but that request was denied.
“We remind everyone that an indictment is merely a formal accusation. Mr Weinstein intends to enter a plea of Not Guilty and vigorously defend against these unsupported allegations that they strongly deny.
“We will soon formally move to dismiss the indictment and if this case actually proceeds to trial, we expect Mr Weinstein to be acquitted.”
© Press Association 2018
Decades after they were banned from baseball for illegal betting, Pete Rose continues to be a “high stakes gambler” with sizable debts to casinos and the IRS, according to their estranged wife.
Carol Rose, who remains married to baseball's all-time hit leader despite divorce proceedings that started in 2011, claims Rose, 77, earns more than $1 million annually from daily autograph signings that they turn into big losses during gambling sessions at casinos, TMZ reports.
Rose's second wife — who married the former MLB great in 1984, five years before they agreed to a lifetime ban — now wants a judge to order Rose to clearly divulge their financial situation so the estranged couple can finally end their marriage, according to documents obtained by TMZ.
Rose later in 2011 proposed to fiancée Kiana Kim, 38, a former Playboy model who appeared in a reality television series on TLC called “Rose: Hits & Mrs” that aired for just six episodes.
The explosive claims by Rose's estranged wife is the latest setback for the controversial baseball icon, who was booted by Fox Sports last year after a woman accused them of having sex with them when they were a minor. The woman said in a court filing in August 2017 that Rose started a sexual relationship with them in 1973 that last several years when they were just 14 or 15.
Rose, a three-time World Series champion, admitted to having sex with the woman but said they believed they were 16 during their relationship, according to court documents. In 1973, Rose turned 32 in April and had been married with two children.
Aside from incessantly hawking their autograph, Rose also offers four guests the chance to have dinner with them in Las Vegas for just $5,000, complete with four signed baseballs and four photographs. But guests are on the hook for airfare, hotel accommodations and food, ESPN's Darren Rovell reported last month.
“Dinner tab will be paid for by guest(s),” Rovell tweeted. “Stories to last a lifetime!”
New York Yankees pitcher Masahiro Tanaka throws in the first inning of a spring baseball exhibition game against the Detroit Tigers, Saturday, March 17, 2018, in Lakeland, Fla. John Raoux AP Photo
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
On September 16. 2002 Birmingham City supporters were in Blue heaven when their side hammered Aston Villa 3-0 at St Andrew's.
It was a game memorable not only for the fact it was the first league meeting between the teams since the 1980s - but also for a certain goalkeeping error.
Bluenoses still recall that game to this very day, especially whenever the rivals are about to meet again.
A decade and a half on we discover what the heroes from that night are doing now.
Nico Vaesen
Back in Belgium they have gone into football agency as owner of VN Consulting & Management and has represented Liverpool goalkeeper - and compatriot, Simon Mignolet.
Jeff Kenna
Went to coach in Florida, returned to the Midlands and has been involved in financial services.
Darren Purse
Has held posts as AFC Rushden & Diamonds U18's manager and Director of Football at Malcolm Arnold Academy - and is currently still playing and assistant manager at Isthmian League Premier Division club Enfield Town.
Kenny Cunningham
Has gone into punditry, with TV station eir Sport.
Martin Grainger
Based their London, their son is a goalkeeper with Leyton Orient.
Paul Devlin
Still a regular visitor and contributor behind the scenes at St Andrew's, also runs coaching scheme across the region.
Robbie Savage
A ‘much-loved' radio pundit. At least by some.
Aliou Cisse
Manager/head coach of one of the powerhouses of African football - Senegal. International boss to Cheikh Ndoye.
Damien Johnson
Based in Lancashire and as well as being involved in Michael O'Neill's Northern Ireland set-up they are also lead development phase coach with Blackburn Under 23s.
Stern John
(Image: Ross Kinnaird/Getty Images)
Has coached in the USA and moved back to their native Trinidad and Tobago where they their player/coach at Central FC.  They are also an assistant coach with the Trinidad and Tobago team.
Clinton Morrison
Carried on playing into their late 30s at Redditch United and Mickleover Sports but is building a career in punditry.
Subs
Darryl Powell (for Devlin, 79)
Has also become an agent, involved in the deal which brought Rhoys Wiggins to Blues in 2016.
Bryan Hughes (for Savage, 87)
Involved off the field at Hull and head of coaching with Yorkshire-based i2i International Soccer Academy.
Geoff Horsfield (for Morrison, 69)
Still based in West Midlands, runs their own charitable foundation and regularly appears at Q&A sessions with Blues fans.
Not used:
Ian Bennett - Goalkeeping coach at Nottingham Forest academy.
Stan Lazaridis - Returned to their native Australia where they were inducted into West Australia Hall of Champions last year. Has interests in business and football administration
Manager:
Steve Bruce: Went on to manage Wigan, Sunderland and one of the other local clubs.
Two households in Irchester are celebrating after winning £30,000 each in the People's Postcode Lottery.
NN29 7BX was drawn as the winner of Saturday's (March 17) street prize, meaning the two households signed up in Redwood Close each scooped the jackpot.
Civil servant Jane Hogan, 48, was in shock when they received their cheque.
They said: “I feel like I'm in a dream and haven't been able to take it all in.
“Both myself and my husband, Garry, are just elated.”
Jane signed up to play the lottery, which costs £10 a month, on the advice of a good friend.
Jane and Garry Hogan receive their cheque. NNL-180319-135800005
The mother of two said the prize couldn't have come at a better time, as they no longer needs to choose between essential home improvements and having a family holiday.
They said: “My sons are 18 and 20 and they haven't been abroad since they were toddlers.
“I was feeling very guilty about converting our garage and getting a new bathroom but now we will be able to do both.”
The other winner wasn't available to collect their cheque, but their prize will be paid straight into their bank account.
People's Postcode Lottery ambassador Danyl Johnson presented Jane with their cheque and offered their congratulations afterwards.
They said: “I've had a brilliant time in Irchester and I'm absolutely thrilled for both of our winners.
“Make sure you're signed up to play because you never know, it could be your door I'm knocking on next.”
A minimum of 32 per cent from every ticket goes to charity and players of the People's Postcode Lottery have now raised £282m for more than 4,000 good causes across Great Britain and internationally.
Northamptonshire Carers is one of the local charities which players have helped to support.
The group was awarded £19,899 last year to run a project raising awareness on how employers can support carers who look after people with long-term illnesses and disabilities in the workplace.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Senate on Tuesday confirmed President Donald Trump's pick to lead the National Security Agency and the U.S. Cyber Command.
On a voice vote, the Senate approved Paul Nakasone for one of the nation's top intelligence posts. They also approved their military promotion to general.
Nakasone, a longtime member of the cryptologic community, has a strong background in cyber issues.  They are replacing the current director, Mike Rogers, who is retiring.
During their confirmation hearing, Nakasone said China, Russia and other nations that launch cyberattacks against the United States aren't worried about retribution and see no reason to change their behavior.
Advertisement
"They don't fear us," they said at the hearing, adding that the U.S. must impose costs on those adversaries to make them stop.
Nakasone previously commanded the U.S. Army Cyber Command and held military intelligence positions in Afghanistan, Iraq and the Republic of Korea.
The pair were married for more than a decade.
Maggie Philbin has hailed their ex-husband and Multi-Coloured Swap Shop co-star Keith Chegwin as a “one-off” after their death at the age of 60.
The couple were married from 1982 to 1993 after Philbin joined the line-up of Swap Shop in 1978.
Chegwin, often known as Cheggers, died at home on Monday after battling a progressive lung condition.
In a statement on their website, Philbin said: “I am sure you will have seen the heartbreaking news about Keith who died earlier today.
“It is incredibly sad. Keith was a one-off – full of life, generous and with a focus on things that mattered – their family.
“I saw them two months ago at their sister Janice's wedding, where they were still attempting to be life and soul of the party despite being on portable oxygen and made sure they knew how much they meant to us all.
“Our daughter Rose flew home from San Francisco to be with them over the last few weeks and I know they were surrounded by so much love from their second wife Maria, their son Ted, their sister Janice, their twin brother Jeff and their father Colin.
“Keith was loved by everyone who knew and worked with him.
“I first met them when we did a film about windsurfing when I joined Swap Shop in 1978 and was immediately struck by their fun, energy and kindness.
“He drove me home to Leicestershire from that freezing lake in Staines, insisting it was on their own way home. (He lived in Twickenham)
“He leaves us all with very special memories.”
In their last message on Twitter, posted on September 28, Chegwin let fans know they were not well, tweeting: “Still not right. I will be back – But not for a bit yet. I'm so sorry.”
Still not right. I will be back – But not for a bit yet. I'm so sorry — Keith Chegwin (@keithchegwin) September 28, 2017
Their family announced their death saying: “We are heartbroken to share the news that Keith Chegwin sadly passed away following a long-term battle with a progressive lung condition, idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, which rapidly worsened towards the end of this year.
“Keith died peacefully at home shortly after midnight on the 11th of December. Their wife Maria, their daughter Rose and their son Ted were by theirs side.
“We would like to take this opportunity to thank Severn Hospice for the kindness, support and care they have shown us all over the last few weeks.
“Keith was a loving husband, father, son, brother, uncle and friend. We would respectfully ask to be left to mourn their passing in private.”
Keith Chegwin (Jonathan Brady/PA)
Heather Palin, deputy chief executive and director of care at Severn Hospice, said: “Our thoughts are with Keith's family at this sad time.
“Everyone at the charity is proud of the care we provide to all of our patients and the support we are able to offer families when they need us most.
“I am sure it was a comfort to both Keith and their loved ones that they were able to be cared for at home by our specialist Hospice at Home nurses.”
Chegwin started their career as an actor but became a household name as a TV presenter of shows such as Multi-Coloured Swap Shop, Cheggers Plays Pop and Saturday Superstore.
They sparked controversy in 2000 with a TV gameshow in which they and several contestants appeared completely naked.
The TV star wore nothing but a hat in Naked Jungle on Channel 5.
They made no secret of their battle with alcoholism but staged a comeback in recent years when they were a regular on reality TV.
They took part in Dancing On Ice in 2013 and Celebrity MasterChef and Celebrity Big Brother in 2015, when they came fourth and said that while their experience in the house had been a “nightmare” from beginning to end, they “actually quite enjoyed it”.
© Press Association 2017
Woman spat in five-month old's face
A woman who spat in a baby's face during a racist rant at their grandmother in Pembroke Dock has been told to pay the child £200 in compensation.
46 year-old Michelle Field spat at the five-month old baby girl being pushed in their pram by their gran.
A court heard how Field made comments about "dirty, stinking gypsies" at the shocked woman.
The grandmother said: "I had never seen them before. I just carried on playing with my grandchild - I wanted them to go because they look to me like they were drunk."
But they were shocked when Field spat in their grand-daughter's face as they lay in their pram.
Field told the woman: "That's what I think of your child"
They said: "It was a shock, I did not expect them to turn around and do that."
The baby's mother arrived on the scene and rushed the child into a nearby hall in Pembroke Dock to wash the saliva off their face.
Witnesses saw them abusing the family - and Field was marched across the road to the nearby police station to be arrested.
In a victim impact statement, the baby's mother said the baby had at least ten separate hospital appointments for various tests before being given the all-clear.
Field maintained it was a case of mistaken identity - and that they would not spit at a baby, but they were found guilty of racially aggravated common assault at Haverfordwest Magistrates Court.
They were sentenced them to 26 weeks in prison, suspended for 24 months, with a 12 month community order, 25 rehabilitation activity requirement days and 200 hours of unpaid work.
They were also ordered to pay £200 compensation to the child.
Ex-taoiseach Garret FitzGerald ordered an overhaul of preparations for a mass exodus of “refugees” from Northern Ireland in the event of chaos breaking out after the Anglo-Irish Agreement.
Secret files, just released under Dublin's 30-year rule, show defence and health chiefs in Dublin were told in 1986 to update contingency plans previously drawn up in 1974 and 1975 – among the bloodiest years of the Troubles.
The revamped preparations would take into account the then new hospital at Letterkenny in Co Donegal being used for casualties and expanded Irish Army bases to house the “initial reception of refugees”.
The updated contingency plan was ordered against a background of growing fears of a loyalist backlash to the 1985 accord signed between Mr FitzGerald and Margaret Thatcher descending into a full-blown emergency.
The Irish government's Inter-departmental Committee on Wartime Emergency Preparations, which first met in October 1986, had raised the “planning assumptions in relation to Northern Ireland”.
In a secret letter to the Department of Health in December, the taoiseach's office sought confirmation that “plans previously drawn up by your department to cater for such an eventuality have been kept in place and updated to take account of developments such as the opening of the major new hospital in Letterkenny”.
The contingency referred to “medical and hospital treatment of casualties”.
In a similar missive to the Department of Defence, the taoiseach's office said the likelihood of such an exodus across the border “as far as it can be foreseen” was “not particularly strong” at the time.
But it added: “However, in view of the unpredictable nature of the situation and outlook in Northern Ireland, it is considered advisable to seek confirmation that the plans previously drawn up in your department have been kept in place and updated to take account of any subsequent developments.”
These included “for example some premises being no longer available or an expansion in accommodation in Army premises that could be utilised for the initial reception of refugees: it is clearly necessary that plans for this contingency should be up to date”.
US drug distributor Cardinal Health said on Tuesday it would buy medical device maker Medtronic's medical supplies businesses for $6.1 billion in cash.
Cardinal Health is acquiring Medtronic's patient care, deep vein thrombosis and nutritional insufficiency units. The businesses encompass 23 product categories across multiple market settings, including brands such as Curity, Kendall, Dover, Argyle and Kangaroo. Combined, the units generated about $2.4 billion in revenue in the last four reported quarters, Medtronic said.
Cardinal Health's medical products unit has been a bright spot and is on track to reach mid- to high-single-digit revenue growth, at a time when investors have become more anxious about its drug distribution business, the company told Reuters earlier this month. In 2015, Cardinal Health acquired Cordis from Johnson & Johnson for around $2 billion, adding a portfolio of devices, including catheters, filters and stents. Cardinal Health said it would finance the acquisition with cash and $4.5 billion in new debt.
Bloomberg
FILE - In this March 2, 2014 file photo, Harvey Weinstein arrives at the Oscars in Los Angeles. Weinstein is taking a leave of absence from their own company after The New York Times released a report alleging decades of sexual harassment against women, including employees and actor Ashley Judd. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP, File)
The Associated Press
The Latest on fallout from sexual harassment allegations against Oscar-winning producer Harvey Weinstein (all times local):
7:15 p.m.
The board of directors of The Weinstein Co. say it takes sexual harassment allegations against co-founder Harvey Weinstein extremely seriously and has appointed a legal team to review them.
A statement issued Friday evening states Weinstein is taking an indefinite leave of absence. It says the next steps for their future with the company depend on their therapeutic progress and the results of the internal investigation.
The statement is signed by four of six remaining board members.
The board named attorney John Kiernan of the firm Debevoise & Plimpton LLP as the head of the internal investigation.
The statement says it is essential for The Weinstein Co. to have a culture where women can work with respect and without fear of harassment or discrimination.
___
6:45 p.m.
A source with knowledge of the decision says Harvey Weinstein will be suspended from their film company pending an internal investigation into sexual harassment claims leveled against the Oscar winner.
The source, who was not authorized to speak publicly, says an announcement on the suspension and investigation is expected on Friday. The decision was made by The Weinstein Co.'s board of directors.
The New York Times reported Thursday that Weinstein has over the years reached at least eight legal settlements with women over alleged harassment. Weinstein said Thursday that they were taking a leave of absence.
Leadership of The Weinstein Co. is expected to be assumed by Weinstein's brother, Bob Weinstein, and David Glasser, the company's chief operating officer and president.
— By Jake Coyle, AP Film Writer
___
3 a.m.
Movie mogul Harvey Weinstein has long held a larger-than-life role in Hollywood, but many are questioning whether their career will survive detailed accusations of sexual harassment leveled by several women.
The accusations were published Thursday by The New York Times and include accusations Weinstein sexually harassed actores, including Ashley Judd, and former employees. Weinstein has said they are taking a leave of absence from their company and acknowledged they have behaved poorly, but has accused the Times of rushing its story to publication because of a vendetta against him.
The Times says it stands by its reporting.
Richard Rushfield, founder and editor of industry newsletter The Ankler, says the accusations against Weinstein mean there will now be a "cost" associated with working with the Oscar winner.
New Mexico Mountain Resort Offers Expansive Biking Trails, Opens Fly-Fishing School, Expands Farmers and Artisan Market and Celebrates Summer with New Food and Wine Festival and Live Concert Series
ANGEL FIRE, NM--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Angel Fire Resort, located in the Southern Rocky Mountains of northern New Mexico, continues its 50th anniversary as it begins its summer season starting May 13. For those looking for art, culinary and outdoor adventure in a scenic mountain town Angel Fire Resort has created a 50th Anniversary Bucket List. In no order, here are Angel Fire Resort's Top activities and places to see this summer.
1. BIKING - DEMO DAZE
Awarded #1 Bike Park in the Southwest by MTBParks.com for the fourth year in a row, Angel Fire Bike Park (www.angelfirebikepark.com) the largest Bike Park in the Rockies, opens more than 60 miles of trails on May 19 and has launched the Global Gravity Pass, for the summer 2017 season. Angel Fire Bike Park invites all season pass holders from any bike park in the world to receive 50% off a standard day ticket.
Quickly becoming the mecca of mountain riding, Angel Fire maintains over 100 miles of downhill and cross-country green belt trails for all ability levels that also ties into the National Forest trail network including the highly praised South Boundary Trail. Additionally, the quiet surrounding roads of the village and valleys also make it an ideal, high-altitude haven for road bikers. Lessons and downhill bike rental equipment are available at the resort.
Not sure what equipment you need or want for this season? Check out this year's Demo Daze happening over Memorial Day Weekend. The two-day event is for any riders who are interested in DH, XC, Enduro, or a mix of mountain bike terrain. Angel Fire Bike Park is bringing together bike vendors from all over the country for novice and expert riders to test-ride the latest bikes and try out new biking gear. Demo Daze will take place May 27-28, 2017 with bikes and gear from top vendors being shown including SR Suntours, Yeti, Santa Cruz, Specialized, and others.
2. COOL SUMMER NIGHTS CONCERT SERIES
Free, Friday night music at Frontier Park is back this summer with The Cool Summer Nights Concert Series and will offer a variety of musical genres that allow guests to enjoy the beauty of the outdoors and the fun of live music. Folk, Blues, Bluegrass and Rock performances will entertain the crowd Friday nights from June - August, at Frontier Park. Pack a picnic or enjoy food, wine, and beer from the local food vendors and a Kid Zone. This is a free event and family friendly. The event is presented by Enchanted Circle Brewing and Angel Fire Resort. More information and a concert schedule check out https://www.angelfireresort.com/event/cool-summer-nights-concert-series-2-2017-08-11/
3. FLY FISHING SCHOOL
Opening this summer is the Angel Fire Resort Fly Fishing School. The new program will kick off May 1 and will offer a two-day Fly Fishing School, and a Stay and Fly Fish Package.
Nestled in the wooded Southern Rockies, certified fly-casting instructors will greet you with all your equipment, a packed lunch and a day of guided lessons on the most scenic rivers and lakes of Northern New Mexico. Guides will pass on their enthusiasm for this sport as they teach how to catch and release Rainbow, Brown, Brook and Cutthroat Trout from the Rio Grande, Red River, Cimarron Creek, Rio Costilla, Rio Chama and several other streams and local alpine lakes.
The Fly-Fishing School offers two days of instruction, all equipment, guided trips and two nights of lodging at Angel Fire Resort. This will include a Fly-Casting Lesson teaching the techniques on essential knots, proper gear instruction, stream and lake entomology and how to read currents. Additionally, Stay and Fly-Fish packages include all equipment, private casting lessons at the resort's private lake, one-night lodging at the resort, breakfast and a full-day guided trip with transportation and lunch.
4. ART AND FARMERS MARKET
This popular Sunday morning mix of art, wares, and food is back for a second season. Starting Sunday, June 18 through September 3 take a stroll through Frontier Park for this high-altitude farmer's market that will offer the best in fresh, locally-grown produce and products such as honey, soaps, and baked goods. Sunday mornings will be the ideal time to sip on a hot vanilla latte, listen to live music and check out paintings, pottery, and jewelry from local New Mexican artisans at the new art and farmers market. Presented by ReMax Mountain Realty, Angel Fire Resort, and Alpine Lumber.
5. SUMMIT DISC GOLF
Angel Fire Resort has completely redesigned the popular PDGA approved Disc Golf course located at the top of Agua Fria Peak via the Chile Express chairlift. This 18-hole course is free to play and will offer a more challenging mountain adventure back nine holes while the front nine will be easier and more family friendly. The course opening depends on snow but typically follows the lift schedule.
6. SCENIC CHAIRLIFT RIDES
Take the state's only high-speed quad lift to the summit where 360-degree mountain and valley views offer spectacular panorama landscapes of Wheeler Peak (New Mexico's highest peak), Mt. Baldy, Touch Me Not and Eagle Nest Lake. Hike or mountain bike on the newly updated terrain with options for all levels. Enjoy lunch or cold drinks on the deck of the Summit Smokehouse.
The Lifts open May 19.
7. DUTCH OVEN DEMOS/ WINE & CHEESE RECEPTIONS
For those looking for some outdoor "glamping" check into the Angel Fire RV Resort, constructed on mountain meadowland at the foot of Carson National Forest, is open year-round with 102 RV spaces. The luxury resort includes a well-appointed private clubhouse, paved roads, over-sized spaces with easy pull-through access and 30/50-amp electrical pedestals, DirecTV access, showers, laundry facilities, convenient Wi-Fi access and a Jacuzzi, putting green, horseshoes, Pickleball courts, a playground and a dog park. This summer RVer's can participate in cooking demonstrations, wine and cheese receptions and live music performances throughout July and August. For more information and to make reservations visit: www.angelfirervresort.com
8. ANGEL FIRE FOOD AND WINE ROUNDUP
Are you a fan of BBQ, fine wine, spirits and craft beers? Maybe you're a culinary fan and have always thought doing a wild mushroom hunt or learning how to cook would be a fun way to spend your summer? Then this four-day western-themed food and wine event, sponsored by Texas-based A Bar N Ranch, is for you. The Angel Fire Food and Wine Roundup will take place August 24 - 27, 2017. The event will offer guests the best in western cuisine, Wagyu beef, fine wines, craft brews, artisanal spirits and western hospitality with famous chefs, winemakers, brewers, and distillers. For more information and to make reservations https://www.angelfirefoodandwine.com
9. THE SIP AND SWING
Situated at 8,600' elevation, Angel Fire Resort's high-altitude, 18-hole Golf course is widely regarded as one of the most stunning in the west. The course is tucked beneath the imposing Sangre de Cristo Mountains and offers sweeping views of Wheeler Peak and plenty of wildlife. The driving range opens May 13, and the course opens on May 19 and will offer several junior and adult clinics and tournaments this season. For a unique way to kick off the summer sign up for the Sip and Swing Scramble (June 25) and enjoy cocktails on the golf course complimented with a 9-Hole Four Person Team Scramble Sponsored by Patron and Southern Wine and Spirits. To register for this event, sign up for lessons or arrange for a tee time this summer contact the Golf Pro Shop at (575) 377-4488 or https://www.angelfireresort.com/activities/summer-activities/golf/golf-events/
10. ZIPLINING
Opening May 19 (weather permitting) is one of the highest-altitude, adrenaline educing outdoor adventures in the state. The Resort is now taking reservations for the ever-popular Rocky Mountain Zipline Adventure Tour, which takes thrill-seekers through multiple zipline stages at the summit. The tour is the second highest elevation zipline tour in the United States and the largest in New Mexico.
PHOTOS FOR PRESS USE: You are welcome to post, broadcast or print any of the photos in the link below. Please courtesy "Angel Fire Resort."
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B2DaG8Er2C17Rnd5eWlULWRjRlE?usp=sharing
For information on this and all other events and summer activities please contact Angel Fire Resort at 800-633-7463 or visit www.angelfireresort.com.
About Angel Fire Resort
Angel Fire Resort is a top year-round mountain resort destination in New Mexico. Angel Fire Resort was named "America's Most Affordable Ski Town" by Realtor.com and ranked a Top 25 "Best Family Ski Resort in North America" by Dream Vacation Magazine in 2016. Situated at over 8,600' elevation in the Southern Rocky Mountains, Angel Fire strives to offer the best value and choice for family outdoor recreation activities to its members, guests and visitors--including skiing, snowboarding, tubing, sledding, golf, mountain biking, zipline, tennis, fishing, hiking and more. For additional information on Angel Fire Resort, resort membership, or opportunities for real estate investment in Angel Fire, please call (855) 923-7387 or visit the resort's website at www.angelfireresort.com.
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/17/11G136058/Images/6-6edebb0ba1e29844a4b9eca7e4b33188.jpeg
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/17/11G136058/Images/5-2b3ddc8d5c19b2f1b8c836445d402a79.jpeg
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/17/11G136058/Images/4-b56eb856ca548d5c9f290d1a7e3ff9cc.jpeg
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/17/11G136058/Images/3-abd61317fb76b060a7facd69a8fda250.jpeg
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/17/11G136058/Images/2-839e1fc6a61e8b358f100ec3fd00faec.jpeg
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/17/11G136058/Images/1-3f620df2a7669304b230564a80d03b84.jpeg
Fund managers welcomed the possible new addition of ANZ's finance company UDC onto the sharemarket, which has been starved of new issues over the last year.
Bull markets, such as the one currently under way in New Zealand and on other stock exchanges around the world, are normally conducive for new initial public offers (IPOs) and share floats, but it has been slim pickings for investors seeking new opportunities in recent times.
ANZ said it would explore the possibility of an IPO of ordinary shares in UDC Finance - which specialises in car loan, fleet and heavy equipment financing - as part of a range of strategic options for UDC's future.
"We have been looking at strategic options for UDC's future for some time as part of ANZ's strategy to simplify the bank and improve capital efficiency," the bank's New Zealand chief executive David Hisco said in a statement.
Advertisement
"While UDC is continuing to perform well and there is no immediate requirement to make decisions, after last year's planned sale to HNA did not proceed it makes sense to keep examining a broad range of options for UDC's future," they said.
UDC's planned sale to China's HNA for $660 million fell through after the deal failed to achieve Overseas Investment Office approval.
The OIO said in December that it had rejected HNA's application to buy UDC due to unanswered questions about the Hainan-based conglomerate's ownership structure.
NZX-listed finance company Heartland has in the past expressed an interest in buying UDC but analysts have questioned whether its balance sheet is big enough to take on the company.
Devon Funds Management's managing director Slade Robertson said the market would be supportive of a quality business coming to the NZX.
"The operating environment for UDC has improved, with more conservative lending practices by the banks," Robertson said.
Harbour Asset Management Andrew Bascand said the market would "absolutely" welcome a new issue.
"We would have to be very careful to make sure than ANZ did not cherry-pick the best bits and pieces of UDC before it split it off, so there would be a lot of due diligence issues for that sort of IPO," they said.
"I would want to know if ANZ is serious about this, or whether this is just a foil for a trade sale," they said.
Massey University banking expert David Tripe said UDC would provide an opportunity for something like Heartland to take a cornerstone stake.
"Heartland has expressed an interest, but I think it's been a bit big for them," Tripe said. "But they might take a small position and expand it later on," they said.
The issue for a separated UDC would be how it funds itself without ANZ - New Zealand's biggest bank - standing behind it, they said.
"It would not have a great credit rating but it would not be as bad as if it had become part of HNA," Tripe said.
"I think it's a nice thought, but I think it might have some challenges in terms of getting the thing to run," they said.
UDC has a 75-year track record in New Zealand. It's been an important backer for the transport and earth-moving industry and has enjoyed a solid reputation.
Heartland, which has a market capitalisation of just over $1 billion, first raised the possibility of buying UDC from ANZ in 2016.
UDC, whose loan book is worth over $3 billion, reported a 5 per cent increase in its net profit to $61.6 million for the September year - a record.
At $1.039 billion, debenture funding remains an important part of the funding mix but has declined by 35 per cent from the prior year, the bank said in December.
ANZ last year increased the level of funding support with the limit on the facility increased to $2.7 billion, effective from last November.
Law firm Chapman Tripp said last month that competition for assets from private equity firms made 2017 a very quiet year for IPOs -- the worst since 2013 - despite the sharemarket rallying by more than 20 per cent.
The current year is expected to be similarly quiet before IPO activity picks up again in 2019, the firm said in a report released last month.
Two drug suspects, including a TV cameraman, have been arrested in separate buy-busts in Quezon City.
Chief Supt.Guillermo Eleazar, Quezon City Police District (QCPD) director, identified the drug suspects as Anthony Martin a.k.a “Toni,” 39, an ABS-CBN cameraman, of No. 67 Cambridge Street, Barangay E. Rodriguez, Quezon City; and Edward Abraham, 55, of Maharlika Village, Taguig City (Metro Manila).
They are believed to be drug pushers operating in Cubao, Quezon City.
A poseur buyer had been able to purchase shabu worth P3,500 from Martin, who was arrested after the deal.
Police recovered from the suspect's pocket six heat-sealed plastic sachets of shabu, the P3,500 buy-bust money, one aluminum foil and four cellphones.
During investigation, Martin said Abraham was the source of their illegal drugs.
Subsequently, the police went to Martin's house on No. 67 Cambridge Street and busted Abraham through an undercover agent.
Abraham was arrested after the drug transaction.
Confiscated from them were five heat-sealed plastic sachets of shabu, P1,000 buy-bust money, one cellphone and one Suzuki motorcycle.
Martin and Abraham were referred for inquest proceedings for violations of Section 5 (Selling) and Section 11 (Possession of Dangerous Drugs) of Republic Act 9165 (Comprehensive Dangerous Drugs Act of 2002). JING VILLAMENTE
LONDON (AP) — Prince Charles said Tuesday it is a "great joy" to be a grandfather once again with the birth of a third child for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge.
The duchess gave birth to the 8-pound, 7-ounce (3.8 kilogram) boy Monday morning at St. Mary's Hospital in London. The new prince is a younger brother to 4-year-old Prince George and Princess Charlotte, who turns 3 next week.
Charles said in a statement that "it is a great joy to have another grandchild, the only trouble is I don't know how I am going to keep up with them."
As the new family of five spent time at home at Kensington Palace, the birth was marked Tuesday by bell ringing at Westminster Abbey and gun salutes in Hyde Park and at the Tower of London.
Advertisement
The new baby is a sixth great-grandchild for Queen Elizabeth II and is fifth in line to the throne after Charles, father Prince William and their two older siblings.
William and Kate have not yet disclosed the name of the infant prince. Bookmakers say Arthur is the favorite in betting, followed by James and Albert.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's another clean sheet for Derby County , who remain second in the Championship after beating Brentford 3-0.
Goals from Tom Huddlestone - their first for the Rams - Cameron Jerome and Matej Vydra meant that the Rams have a one-point gap over third-placed Aston Villa. Villa beat Burton Albion 3-2.
Derby fans are, understandably, delighted with the result.
Elliott Cannon - @ElliottCannon on Twitter - said: "Huddlestone is a deserved man of the match. Must have been such a good feeling to get that goal. Vydra and Anya outstanding. Defence did their job for yet another clean sheet."
And Reece Hinds also singled out the Rams' defence for praise.
They said: "It's a pleasure watching Curtis Davies defend. (He) does so much that goes under the radar, them and Keogh together are absolutely quality, what a signing!"
Here is what Derby supporters have been saying on social media:
The imposition of a customs frontier on the Irish border would "play fast and loose" with both the economy and peace process, Sinn Fein has warned.
The republican party dismissed any suggestion trade movement between Northern Ireland and the Irish Republic could be monitored by technology as "nonsense and impossible to deliver".
The UK government's vision of how its only land border with the EU will operate when it exits the Union will be outlined in a much-anticipated document on Wednesday.
There are more than 200 roads crossing the Irish border.
Critics of a technology-based solution, potentially involving CCTV cameras and number plate recognition systems, question how movement between the jurisdictions could ever be tracked without causing major disruption.
The Irish government has made clear its position that technology alone will not resolve the border conundrum.
David Cullinane TD, Sinn Fein's spokesperson on Brexit, said: "It is clear that the British Tory party are in disarray over Brexit.
"They have no plan, no solutions for Brexit, only slogans."
They added: "The notion of a frictionless technological border has been dismissed as nonsense and impossible to deliver.
"What is clear is that Tories are prepared to use Ireland as collateral damage in their negotiations with the EU.
"What we need is a real solution that works for our economy, our communities, and delivers for all Ireland."
However, Democratic Unionist MP Sir Jeffrey Donaldson insisted only the main arterial routes needed to be monitored.
"If people want to export their goods they have to go through the proper process and clearly most of the cross border roads aren't used for trade purposes, they are used on a daily basis by local people," they told the BBC.
"It is the main roads that are used for haulage and trading.
"So we are confident that we can deal with this in a pragmatic way."
On Sunday, SDLP Leader Colum Eastwood accused the UK government of drawing up its border plan on the "back of an envelope".
"It is almost laughable that it took the British Government over a year to come up with it," they said.
"Anyone who knows anything about the Irish border knows it's a non-runner."
They added: "Any border must be around the island of Ireland, not across it.
"This is the only position which recognises our unique circumstances and it is the only position which is actually enforceable.
"It is the only serious and credible solution to the Brexit problem which has so far been proposed."
Meanwhile, Ulster Unionist leader Robin Swann has urged the Dublin government to kill off any suggestion that a customs border could be imposed in the Irish Sea, around the island rather than dividing it.
Taoiseach Leo Varadkar has already said the proposal is not one they are tabling as a potential alternative.
Mr Swann called on them to go further.
"If they have any respect for the people of Northern Ireland, Leo Varadkar must come out and dismiss the idea of a post-Brexit border in the Irish Sea once and for all," they said.
Mr Swann repeated their concern that the Brexit issue was being pursued by republicans and nationalists to advance a united Ireland.
"Brexit negotiations should not be used as a Trojan Horse by those who seek to exploit the situation to further their united Ireland agenda," they said.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
“Weird Al” Yankovic's polka remix of Hamilton might very well become the Song of the Summer, for theater geeks, at least. The satirist and musician used their unique set of skills to create “The Hamilton Polka,” which was released in March as the latest #Hamildrop. Now, all five casts of Hamilton have filmed themselves lip-syncing along to the medley as seen in the video above. It is, in a word, delightful.
Players from the Broadway, Chicago, and West End productions all make an appearance, as do actors from each of the national tours. Some of them are in costume; others in 21st-century garb; a few get creative with props. The video even got the “Weird” stamp of approval:
Are you looking for safe and efficient remediation and reclamation services? No problem!
New Order's staff has the experience needed to design and implement remediation and reclamation approaches that focuses on attaining safe and high-quality results.
New Order Environmental Services provides expert radiological remediation and reclamation services to state regulatory agencies, management organizations, and enterprises engaged in mining. The professional and expert team understands the importance of developing sustainable solutions that prevent future adverse effects. Therefore, we employ the best management practices and use cutting-edge technologies to design and implement groundbreaking, economical solutions to the environmental challenges faced at active and abandoned sites.
Our main objective is to provide the highest quality service utilizing the most advanced and effective technologies in order to implement the best solutions and achieve results in the timeliest manner possible. We have team of industry leading experts who utilize their advanced and cutting-edge ideas into each project, increasing productivity and reducing expenses while meeting all regulatory requirements.
New Order Environmental Services ensures high-quality performance with unparalleled services in the industry. We serve our clients with honesty and provide reliable, safe, and high-quality results. Our commitment to working together provides more value and builds a better working atmosphere for everyone.
For more information on radiological remediation and reclamation contact us at 1(888)522-7132 or visit: www.neworderenvironmental.com
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Interest in Dawson
West Bromwich Albion are bracing themselves for interest in defender Craig Dawson this summer and local rivals Aston Villa are keeping tabs on him, according to the Sunday People.
Dawson, 27, is among a clutch of Hawthorns stalwarts who could leave the club during the summer once relegation to the Championship is confirmed.
Premier League side Burnley have been consistently linked with the former Rochdale man who is now reportedly attracting interest from Villa and Middlesbrough.
Middlesbrough are of course managed by former Baggies boss Tony Pulis and the Welshman remains a keen admirer of Dawson. Like Villa, Boro are in the midst of a battle to reach the Premier League and are keen to bolster their ranks whatever division they're in next season.
Dawson is under contract at Albion until 2020 but may welcome a fresh start once the Baggies' fate is decided.
Full transcript
West Bromwich Albion took another stumble towards relegation with a 2-1 defeat at Bournemouth.
Alan Pardew faced the media after the match - here's the transcript of their press conference.
THE DEFEAT
“It's tough for us, tough for my players in particular because, in terms of the game plan and delivering it, I couldn't really ask for any more.
“We got ourselves in a great position, made a couple of errors and got punished for it. That's the story of our season a little bit.
“It was galling because, obviously, without it being our last chance, it's getting near last-chance saloon.
“We needed to get something today and it's such a galling way to end the game, putting it into the top corner like that.”
Talking points
It was a story all too familiar for West Brom fans as their team squandered yet another lead to lose in heartbreaking fashion.
Junior Stanislas delivered the hammer blow with a minute of normal time remaining after Jordon Ibe had cancelled out Jay Rodriguez's opener.
To make matters worse, Albion must stew on this latest defeat for a fortnight as the season pauses for the final round of international fixtures.
A (very) hard one to take
It would be harsh to slam Alan Pardew for this result.
Their players gave it their all, in stark contrast to the feeble display versus Leicester.
They got their noses in front and then the match turned on a substitution Pardew never wanted to make, but had to.
Jonny Evans, still a little groggy with the bug that ruled them out last week, could run no more.
Their energy had gone.
No defenders on the bench, with Pardew not expecting a problem with Evans, they were forced to turn to Matt Phillips.
And from that moment, the pendulum swung towards the hosts.
There was even an element of misfortune with the equaliser.
The goal arriving courtesy of a strike Ben Foster would save nine times out of ten.
Feels like an age since the last meeting
At the Vitality Stadium, Albion came within 13 minutes of securing their first away win since August.
West Brom left Burnley with all three points, just a week after beating Bournemouth on the opening day.
Six points from six when the late summer sun was still shining. Yet Albion has won only one since.
It's hard to fathom just exactly what has gone wrong for two vastly experienced managers and with a squad of players widely hailed as one of the most talented in West Brom's recent history.
Same old
Albion have now taken the lead in 13 (over 40 per cent) of their 31 league fixtures, five while led by Tony Pulis, two under caretaker manager Gary Megson and six with Pardew at the helm.
Yet they have won only three of those and lost four, including the last two matches against Leicester and now Bournemouth.
"It's difficult to answer that," Pardew said when asked why the Baggies had blown so many leads.
Indeed, Albion are the only team in the top flight with a minus goal difference from winning positions.
On the flip side
Bournemouth has the second-worst record for frittering away points.
But they are also the king of comebacks.
The Cherries never known when they are beaten.
They have won 15 points after trailing in matches, more than any other top-flight team.
And Bournemouth's average points conversion from losing positions is bettered only by the two Manchester clubs.
Can Jay play you every week?
Maybe the Southampton connection has given them a little extra edge.
Whatever it is, Jay Rodriguez appears to enjoy facing Bournemouth, especially at their place.
They scored two at the Vitality in a 3-1 win for the Saints last season.
And today they bagged on the south coast once more.
Three goals in their last three games against the Cherries.
And that tally could easily be higher because Rodriguez did everything but score in the opening day defeat of Eddie Howe's side.
A woman who spent more than 50 years searching for their son has told the High Court they were told by a nun that adopted children want nothing to do with their birth parents.
Tressa Donnelly Reeves said they gave birth to a boy on March 13th, 1961 and named them Andre in the hope they would be “the only Andre” in Ireland and they would find him.
They were placed with a family at Liscolman, Tullow, Co Carlow and given the name Patrick Farrell.
The mother and son were eventually reunited in 2013 after a long battle for information which they claim they were entitled to, but were allegedly denied.
Giving evidence on the second day of their action against St Patrick's Guild (Incorporated) adoption society, which was run by Catholic nuns, and the State, Mrs Reeves said they were encouraged not to look for Andre.
Them mother had told them it would be “disruptive for the child”.
They said their mother also told them not to tell anyone they had had a baby, particularly a man, as they would have been seen as “soiled goods”.
They were unmarried and aged 21 when they were sent to Ireland to have the baby. Them friends were told they were going to Dublin to learn “Cordon Bleu cookery”.
They accepted they had signed a consent for Patrick's adoption days after they were born.
In reply to their counsel Eanna Mulloy SC they said they sent letters inquiring about the infant to a nun with St Patrick's and was told in reply they were placed with an Irish family.
They said, in the early 1970s, they returned to Ireland and attended at St Patrick's office in central Dublin where they spoke to a nun about their son and gave their details relevant to the birth.
They said the nun “wanted to get rid of me” and told them St Patrick's had “no details” about Andre's birth.
The nun also said “adopted children never want anything to do with their birth parents, especially the boys”, they said.
Mrs Reeves said they left St Patrick's office and returned to where they gave birth to Andre, a clinic in Clontarf where they met the midwife who had delivered their son and whom they had been friendly with.
When they asked the midwife about Andre, they said they were told they were among babies that were sent to the US and it would be impossible to trace them as there was “no paperwork” in regard to those adoptions.
They said they were shocked by this as they had been informed in the correspondence they received from the nuns in 1961-2 Andre was sent to a family “down the country”.
They renewed their search for their son in the mid 1990s after speaking to their Sligo based cousin, who stayed at their then home in Belgium.
Them cousin told them of TV reports about changes concerning entitlements to information concerning adopted children in Ireland.
In their action against St Patrick's and the State, Mr Farrell and Mrs Reeves claim the adoption was unlawful and done without legal safeguards provided under the adoption laws.
They want damages on grounds including claims the society made false representations concerning Patrick's location. It is also alleged it engaged in conspiracy, deceit and failed to provide them with information about each other in a timely manner.
It is also claimed there was a failure to protect their family rights and the son was placed with a couple, the now deceased Maeve and James Farrell, whose suitability was never assessed.
The State, it is alleged, failed to vindicate or recognise their personal and family rights. The claims are denied.
The State parties also plead they are a stranger to the claims and are not liable for any wrongs committed against the plaintiffs.
Labour parliamentary candidates have called on the communities secretary to step in and run Northamptonshire County Council after the authority imposed spending controls on itself yesterday.
An open letter sent to Sajid Javid this morning say commissioners should be called in to run services because of "catastrophic failings" by the leadership at One Angel Square.
Inspectors have recommended that the county has its spending powers limited to only essential spending.
Yesterday the county council's chief finance officer issued a section 114 notice, limiting the council to only essential spending.
But the Labour letter signatories, Beth Miller, Gareth Eales and Sally Keeble say there is now a "complete lack of confidence" in the Tory administration.
It reads: "We are writing to express our deepest concern about the impact on people in Northamptonshire of the continuing incompetence in the financial management and political leadership of the county council.
"We believe that the Government must act to protect the best interests of the many hundreds of thousands of people who rely on the county council's services."
Labour has written to communities secretary Savid Javid to have the Government step in and run the county council.
At the end of December, the council reported it was likely to overspend by £8.7 million.
At the same time, county chiefs launched plans to increase council tax by almost five per cent in order to make savings of £34.3m.
And last week plans were launched to sell the new £53 million headquarters in Angel Street only months after its official opening to make up the shortfall.
On January 9 Mr Javid, whose job is to oversee the operations of local councils in the UK, sent in an inspector to find out whether the authority was failing the taxpayer.
That investigation is believed to be weeks away from conclusion.
The section 114 notice is believed to be the first imposed by a local council for 20 years.
"We are especially concerned about the impact of this failure on the most vulnerable people in our community," the Labour letter continues.
"Children in need, the elderly and vulnerable adults. Their services are currently affected by reorganisation and cuts, as are some of the services highly valued by the public, such as the libraries and bus services for our rural communities."
"The Conservative administration argues that Northamptonshire continues to get an unfair portion of Government.
But the Labour parliamentary candidates say this cannot be used as an excuse.
The letter adds: "The administration's catastrophic mismanagement of services and finances, for example by the building of an expensive new headquarters which is now recommended for sale and leaseback, has precipitated the current crisis."
ALLENTOWN, Pa. (AP) — A contractor became trapped underneath a piece of machinery that was being removed from the pressroom of a Pennsylvania newspaper, suffering fatal injuries.
The Lehigh County coroner says the man became trapped at The Morning Call in Allentown on Tuesday afternoon. Crews have been dismantling the printing press after the paper's printing operations moved to Jersey City, New Jersey.
The coroner says the victim is a 32-year-old man from Cape Coral, Florida. Their name wasn't immediately released.
The Morning Call reports that newsroom workers heard a loud boom shortly after 5 p.m. The cause of the accident is under investigation.
Advertisement
Publisher and editor Robert York expressed "heartfelt sympathy" to the man's family and says the company is cooperating with authorities. The U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration has been notified of the contractor's death.
DECATUR, Ga. (AP) — Another major highway through Atlanta is closed, this one because an underground gas leak caused the fast lane to buckle. A motorcyclist hit the rising pavement at high speed and was critically injured after being flung into the air.
The pavement rose to nearly the height of a full-grown man and split into several pieces, witnesses said.
DeKalb County spokesperson Andrew Cauthen says the man was hospitalized with multiple fractures after an underground gas leak buckled the HOV lane of Interstate 20.
County spokesperson Sarah Page said all westbound lanes are closed until further notice several miles southeast of downtown Atlanta. Westbound traffic is being diverted at Interstate 285, the city's perimeter highway.
This latest infrastructure problem will only snarl more traffic in the congested city, adding east-west complications to commutes already complicated by the collapse of an overpass on Interstate 85, a key north-south artery, due to a fire that police say was intentionally set.
Keep checking WDTN.com for the latest news, weather and sports. To get alerts for breaking news, grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. You can also sign up for email alerts here.
Don't miss another post on Facebook or Twitter for all the latest breaking news
From Oct. 13-19, the Logan Center will host Returns, the first gathering of an extensive multiyear research project on Pan-Africanism.
The long and somewhat fraught history of Pan-Africanism—a worldwide socio-political movement that calls for solidarity between all people of African descent, both on the continent and those living internationally—is embedded in Chicago's South Side arts development. The project, entitled The Ties That Bind: Waves of Pan-Africanism in Contemporary Art and Society, will foster discussion between artists, scholars and curators in Chicago across three public forums over the next two years.
“Logan Center Exhibitions is thrilled to convene a stellar group of artists and thinkers to discuss the impact of the Pan-African movement on the arts and culture of Chicago,” said Yesomi Umolu, Logan Center Exhibitions curator. “Returns marks the first in a series of exciting conversations that we look forward to having with the city and the world over the next two years.”
The first of the three gatherings, Returns will feature panels, a roundtable discussion and film screenings. They are all free and open to the public. The dedicated website will gather texts, images, videos and viewpoints from the research and public events.
The Returns public convening will take place over two chapters. The first, from Friday, Oct. 13 to Sunday, Oct. 15, will feature scholar Abdul Alkalimat, scholar Romi Crawford, author and educator Haki R. Madhubuti, scholar Dominique Malaquais, artist and writer Naeem Mohaiemen, photographer Marilyn Nance and filmmaker Floyd Webb, as well as include an exploration of major Pan-African festivals of arts and culture that took place in the 1960s and 1970s.
The second chapter on Thursday, Oct. 19 will feature post-colonial theorist Françoise Vergès, who will lead a public roundtable discussion about the origins of Pan-Africanism and its role in the contemporary culture and politics of the African diaspora.
Funding for The Ties That Bind comes in part from a $50,000 grant Umolu was awarded last spring by the Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts to begin research on the project. Umolu plans for the project to culminate in a publication and final exhibition that will be presented in the Logan Center Gallery in fall 2019.
“As a highlight of our fifth-anniversary celebrations, The Ties That Bind reflects much of what we hope to achieve at the Logan Center, a locus for impactful and collaborative artistic innovation,” said Bill Michel, executive director of UChicago Arts and the Reva and David Logan Center for the Arts. “This project, and Yesomi's work with artists, scholars and other curators, fosters cultural engagement across our communities at the University, on the South Side and across the city of Chicago.“
For a full schedule of events, visit tiesthatbind.uchicago.edu.
All 21 Northamptonshire libraries earmarked for closure will shut their doors at the end of September and some will only re-open if top conservative councillors running the financially-troubled authority decide.
A report released by the county council today (Wednesday) has revealed that despite leading campaigners to believe the libraries were safe until after a judicial review, the authority is now going to bring down the shutters on all of the threatened libraries on September 30.
17 have had bids from community groups to take over their running and a panel of top local tories will make a decision on August 1 whether the bids are successful.
However even libraries that are ‘saved' will close for an unknown period of time.
A report on the libraries to be considered by the NCC cabinet next week says: “The legal process for transferring the freehold or leasehold for each library to the independent library group is complex and individual to each property, as there are unique issues that need to be addressed.
“This means that it is unlikely that transfer will take place by 30th September for any of the libraries.
“Dependent on the nature of the issues which need to be addressed it may take a much longer period.
“This means that it is likely there will be a period of time where libraries will be closed with no service available until the independent library starts to operate.”
The news has caused outrage among councillors who say this wasn't what was decided at a full council meeting last week.
A motion proposed by Lib Dem county councillor Chris Stanbra to put the closures on hold until after a judicial review was amended by Cllr Dudley Hughes and said that no ‘permanent closures' would take place until after the judicial review.
Cllr Stanbra, who is part of the bid to keep the library in Danesholme, Corby, running said: “This is not what the campaigners were expecting nor the groups who are offering to take over the running.
“It is completely unacceptable.
“It just demonstrates the lack of commitment by the Conservatives to keeping the libraries open.”
Labour county councillor Mick Scrimshaw said: “This is diabolical.
“If you close a shop for three months and go on holiday when you come back you don't have any customers.”
Newly independent councillor Jim Hakewill, who is campaigning to keep Rothwell library open, said: “We were told that nothing would happen until after the judicial review had taken place.
“It is incredibly disheartening that we are now in the position of having a cabinet report that will be devastating to all the hard-working library friends.”
The many groups that use the libraries for their base will now have to find alternative accommodation.
The community library groups are being asked for thousands of pounds by the authority to either buy or lease the buildings and four libraries have not had any groups able to take them over.
The judicial review will be heard at the high court on July 25 and 26.
Cllr Cecile Irving Swift who looks after libraries, Cllr Ian Morris and a group of senior officers will decide on a moderation panel which libraries can become independent.
An appeals panel headed by council leader Matt Golby and finance director Mark McLaughlin will take place on August 9.
The closure of the libraries was first proposed last October in a bid to save running costs.
The authority has been accused of trying to sell off the libraries for profit and stands to make £3.25m if it sells the 12 libraries that it owns.
Council staff co-ordinating the libraries review received strong criticism from councillors across all parties at last week's full council meeting.
They were reproached for treating the volunteers who are offering to take over the libraries badly by communicating poorly and asking too complex questions in the business proposal.
The libraries closing on September 30 are: Abington, Danesholme, Deanshanger, Desborough, Earls Barton, Far Cotton, Finedon, Higham Ferrers, Irchester, Kingsthorpe, Long Buckby, Middleton Cheney, Moulton, Raunds, Roade, Rothwell, St James, Thrapston, Wollaston, Woodford Halse and Wootton Fields.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The estate of Michael Jackson sued ABC and parent company Disney on Wednesday, saying a two-hour documentary on the singer's last days improperly used the King of Pop's songs, music videos and movies.
The lawsuit filed in federal court in Los Angeles and obtained by The Associated Press alleges that last week's special, "The Last Days of Michael Jackson," illegally uses significant excerpts of their most valuable songs, including "Billie Jean" and "Bad," and music videos, including "Thriller" and "Black or White."
It also says ABC used clips from the estate's 2016 Spike Lee-directed documentary, "Michael Jackson's Journey from Motown to Off the Wall," and from the 2009 feature film "Michael Jackson's This is It."
The lawsuit alleges at least 30 violations and seeks unspecified damages and an injunction against further use of the estate's intellectual property.
Advertisement
It frequently cites Disney's aggressive defense of its own copyrights and its normally narrow view of "fair use," the doctrine in copyright law that says short excerpts can be used for news, criticism and research.
"Like Disney, the lifeblood of the estate's business is its intellectual property," the lawsuit says. "Yet for some reason, Disney decided it could just use the estate's most valuable intellectual property for free."
Representatives from ABC did not immediately respond to a request for comment. But when the Jackson camp first raised objections last week, the network defended the special as a legal work of journalism on a newsworthy subject that "does not infringe on their estate's rights."
The network said that as a courtesy it stopped using an image of Jackson to promote the show that the estate had objected to.
As a work of news, the special would be entitled to fair use of excerpts of Jackson's work, but the lawsuit dismisses the idea that the documentary had any news value, calling it "a mediocre look back at Michael Jackson's life and entertainment career."
The lawsuit says warning letters sent to Disney attorneys before the airing went unanswered.
The special focused on Jackson's apparent decline in the run-up to their death on June 25, 2009. The 50-year-old left behind heirs that include their mother and three children.
Jackson died of acute intoxication of propofol, a prescription anesthetic they had been taking as a sleep aid during preparations for a series of comeback concerts.
Former cardiologist Conrad Murray was convicted in 2011 of involuntary manslaughter for giving Jackson a fatal dose of the drug. They served two years in jail, and their conviction was upheld in 2014.
___
Follow Andrew Dalton on Twitter: https://twitter.com/andyjamesdalton .
Jagapathi Babu
Yes, we are talking about popular Telugu actor Jagapathi Babu, who entered Mollywood in style with the movie Pulimurugan. The actor, who essayed a character named Daddy Girija in Pulimurugan, emerged as a quite popular figure among the Malayalam film audiences. Later, they went on to play an important role in Pranav Mohanlal's debut movie Aadhi as well.
Jagapathi Babu In Mammootty's Upcoming Movie?
Yathra is an upcoming film of Mammootty, which marks the return of the actor to Tollywood after a gap of close to two decades. Mammootty plays the lead role in this film, which is the biopic of former Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister YS Rajasekhara Reddy and according to the latest reports Jagapathi Babu is also a part of this movie.
Jagapathi Babu's Role In The Movie
Jagapathi Babu is a much popular face of the Telugu film industry. According to the reports that have surfaced, the popular actor has been roped in to play the role of YS Raja Reddy, the father of YS Rajasekhara Reddy. An official confirmation regarding the same is awaited.
The Shoot Of Yathra
Meanwhile, the shoot of Yathra is currently progressing in Hyderabad. The filming had commenced in the month of June itself. The much awaited film is being directed by young film-maker Mahi Raghav. Further details regarding the cast of the movie are being awaited.
President Donald Trump expressed their disdain toward the Arizona senator from their own party and made no effort to stop a crowd from booing McCain.
There seems to be no room for decency inside the heart of President Donald Trump — and it seems the same holds true for at least some of their supporters.
During a rally held Tuesday night in Nashville, Tennessee, at an event billed to be in support of Republican candidates in The Volunteer State, the president veered off into several directions, as Trump typically does whenever they are behind the mic.
Many pepople probably expected the president to go off-script, and to even make disparaging comments about lawmakers in Washington. But the president's words about U.S. Sen. John McCain (R-Arizona), who was diagnosed last year with an aggressive form of brain cancer, were unconscionable, to put it mildly.
Trump urged the crowd to turn against McCain, referencing the senator in a rant about a proposed bill that would have repealed the Affordable Care Act with an unpopular Republican-authored alternative. McCain famously voted against that plan.
“We had it done, folks, it was done, and then early in the morning somebody turned their hand in the wrong direction,” Trump said at the rally, referring to McCain's vote.
Trump's words resulted in several audience members booing the senator.
Trump leads the crowd into booing cancer-ridden Sen. John McCain for voting against ACA repeal.
"That cost us a lot, and nobody knew that was going to happen, because we had it done. And the person who voted that way, only talked repeal and replace!" pic.twitter.com/Yx0id0ZBs8 — Aaron Rupar (@atrupar) May 30, 2018
Trump urging the crowd to revile McCain seems to confirm the disdain their administration has for the ailing senator. Earlier this month, it was reported that a White House aide mocked McCain, joking that their vote against a controversial Trump appointment didn't matter because “he's dying anyway.”
Say what you will about McCain — they have certainly not always been on the right side of history. But they have shown integrity at certain times when it has mattered. Their vote against Trump's health care repeal was one such instance.
Trump mocking McCain and goading a crowd into booing them only goes to show which of the two men has a higher level of integrity. It's unfortunate that too many in the GOP are unwilling to stand up to this hateful president the way that McCain has over the first two years Trump has been in office.
Bruno Mars Donates $1 Million.
Featuring Spider-Man: Homecoming co-star, Zendaya. Bruno giving you another afro-inspired ballet, literally. He's been sporting the afro for a while now, and the song gives me early-80s vibes, like when Prince was on fire! 🔥 Zendaya is the main woman. Recently, the 20-year old actor has been the love-interest in the latest of the Spider-Man franchise. Homecoming has a 92% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.
Saturday night, during a concert in Auburn Hills, Michigan, Bruno Mars took a moment out from their 24K Magic World Tour to tell the audience at the sold-out show that he'll be donating $1 million to help the victims of the Flint water crisis. The 24k singer, released a statement thanking the city:
I'm very thankful to the Michigan audience for joining me in supporting this cause. Ongoing challenges remain years later for Flint residents, and it's important that we don't forget our brothers and sisters affected by this disaster. As people, especially as Americans, we need to stand together to make sure something like this never happens in any community ever again.
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
- WWE's YouTube channel has released all of the new Dallas & Robo episodes. The YouTube Red animated series features John Cena in one of the starring roles as Robo, the giant mechanical partner of driver Dallas, voiced by actor Kat Dennings. The first episode has been released for free and can be watched above. This episode is censored but the rest of the shows available to YouTube Red subscribers are uncensored.
- WWE has a new poll asking fans who won the Dance-Off between Lana and Naomi on last night's SmackDown. As of this writing, both Superstars have received 50% of the vote.
- Xavier Woods' UpUpDownDown YouTube channel will release the first episode of a new series with WWE Champion AJ Styles this Saturday - Retro Styles. Below is a teaser for the new project:
One of four injured people in today's incident is treated by medics at the side of a road in Macerata earlier today Source: Guido Picchio/PA Images
ITALIAN POLICE SAY they have arrested a 28-year-old man suspected of opening fire on foreigners from a vehicle in central Italy earlier today.
Local media reported that six people were injured, four of them seriously, in the incident in the town of Macerata, which happened at about 10am Irish time.
Police said in a tweet that “the wounded persons are of foreign nationality”.
Source: AP/PA Images
It's understood that the suspect had an Italian flag wrapped about their neck when apprehended, and made a fascist salute when arrested. They were allegedly found to be carrying a gun at the time.
The shots were fired from a black Alfa Romeo car.
At least one of the four people injured is understood to be in a critical condition.
Six people including “people of colour” have allegedly been injured, four of them seriously, media reported.
The attack comes a day after a Nigerian asylum-seeker was arrested in Macerata over the gruesome killing of an 18-year-old Italian woman whose dismembered body was discovered in suitcases earlier this week.
However, no official link has been made between the two incidents.
With reporting by Cianan Brennan
© – AFP, 2018
It could take weeks for DNA tests to confirm whether the victim was 44-year-old Scott Metzger of San Luis Obispo
It may be several weeks before the identity of the pilot who died in a San Luis Obispo plane crash Monday can be positively confirmed using DNA testing.
However, friends and relatives believe the pilot was Scott Metzger, 44, of San Luis Obispo.
Bruce Metzger, who identified themselves as Scott Metzger's father, could not confirm that their son was the person who died in the crash without such tests, but they said, “I have been told enough to know.”
They said they were briefed by their son's wife that there had been an accident involving their son's plane, but the victim had not been positively identified.
The pilot was the only person on board the small twin-engine plane, which crashed into a FedEx truck near the Promega Biosciences building on Granada Drive in San Luis Obispo.
“In my opinion — it sounds so stupid because it sounds like all of the fathers — Scott was a great father, a great husband and a wonderful son. That's our memory of Scott,” Bruce Metzger said.
[Click here for a gallery of photos from the crash scene.]
A former computer science student at Cal Poly, Scott Metzger was a technology expert, inventor and business executive working as the chief operating and technology officer at RiverMeadow Software, with offices in San Jose and Massachusetts, according to the firm's website.
Messages left for Metzger's wife, Jenni, as well as several colleagues at RiverMeadow, were not immediately returned Tuesday.
Bruce Metzger last heard from their son the day before the crash, when they spoke on the phone about personal issues and a recent Father's Day gift, but there was no mention of an upcoming flight, they said.
Jim Willis, director of operations for Pigs Can Fly Aviation LLC, saw Scott Metzger's plane crash Monday.
They did not see Metzger get in the plane but recognized the aircraft as Metzger's.
The plane had been tied down in front of PCF's hangar and had recently been looked at by the company, Willis said.
About a week ago, Metzger brought the plane into PCF because it was running rough, Willis said. PCF took a quick look and found nothing wrong but told Metzger if they wanted them to take a more detailed look it would cost more money, Willis said.
Metzger declined to do that, Willis said.
“There wasn't anything that we did of any significant time on the airplane,” Willis said, adding that their firm did fix a small crack on a wing tip.
Willis said Metzger, who had a pilot license, did multi-engine training at PCF over the last couple of months. It was during that time that Willis believes Metzger bought their new plane.
Tim Williams, chief executive officer and founder of San Luis Obispo tech company Digital West, knew Metzger for more than 10 years.
“You could tell they were always thinking. When you got them to laugh out loud, it made your day because they were normally such a quiet guy. Their smile was infectious,” they wrote in an email to The Tribune.
Additionally, Williams posted a public message on their company's blog Tuesday afternoon, which began: “The technology community suffered a great loss yesterday …” and went on to note that Metzger had been killed in the plane crash.
Early in their career, Metzger had worked at well-known technology companies such as MCI, IBM and Apple, according to previous Tribune reports.
They had also worked in other industries, which included game development, education, healthcare and financial services, according to RiverMeadow's website.
In 2006, The Tribune wrote that Metzger, then chief technology officer of San Luis Obispo credit management company TransUnion, had been honored by InfoWorld magazine as one of the top 25 chief technology officers.
Metzger joined RiverMeadow in the fall of 2012, according to a news release from the company.
— Julia Hickey is a reporter with the San Luis Obispo Tribune. Contact them at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
Irish parents warned about dangerous cling film craze
24 April 2018
Parents are being warned about a dangerous cling film craze.
A group of teenagers is seen in Edenderry, Co. Offaly holding their breath for as long as they could while their heads are completely wrapped in plastic.
A concerned member of the public raised the issue on the Republic of Edenderry Facebook page.
The manager of the local Youth Café, Kevin Cronly, says young people need to understand how dangerous it is.
They said at their youth club they were going “to talk to young people and let them know there is nothing fun about this craze and try and highlight the dangers of it.
“I think it's important for parents to sit down and chat with their kids. “
– Digital Desk
Share it:
Don't Miss
US World Cup ratings down 42 percent without American team
hello
MOSCOW -- The lack of a U.S. team caused a big viewership drop for World Cup telecasts.
The 48 group stage broadcasts on Fox and FS1 averaged 2,069,000 viewers, according to Nielsen Media Research. That is down 42 percent from the 3.54 million average on ESPN, ESPN2 and ABC four years ago and down 15 percent from the 2,429,000 average on ESPN, ESPN2 and ABC eight years ago.
Excluding games involving the U.S. team in previous World Cups, the average declined 28 percent from the 2014 tournament in Brazil and was up 1 percent from the 2010 tournament in South Africa.
Most group-stage kickoff times this year were morning EDT, starting as early as 6 a.m., and the latest matches began at 2 p.m. Games in 2014 started mostly from noon to 4 p.m. EDT, while in 2010 games there were many matches at 10 a.m. and some as early as 7:30 a.m.
Twenty-six group-stage matches were aired on Fox, up from six on ABC in 2014 and four on ABC in 2010.
Ratings include only television viewers and not those who viewed digital streams.
Spanish-language coverage for Telemundo and Unimas, both part of Comcast Corp.'s NBCUniversal Inc., averaged 1.96 million viewers, including digital streaming. That was down 26 percent from the 2.64 million average on Univision and Unimas four years ago and up 7 percent from the 1.84 million average for Univision's networks in 2010.
___
More AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
PHOENIX (AP) — A rare second-degree murder trial of a U.S. Border Patrol agent accused of shooting across the international boundary into Mexico and killing a teenager is set to get under way with jury selection.
Lonnie Swartz is accused of killing 16-year-old Jose Antonio Elena Rodriguez five years ago. The teenager was on the street in Nogales, in the Mexican state of Sonora, just across the border from Nogales, Arizona. An autopsy showed the unarmed teen was hit 10 times, mostly from behind.
The trial starting in U.S. District Court in Tucson on Tuesday comes amid President Donald Trump's crackdown on illegal immigration and their promise to build a wall along the 2,000-mile (3,200-kilometer) U.S.-Mexico border.
Jury selection was set for Tuesday, with opening statements either later that day or on Wednesday, said Cosme Lopez, spokesperson for the U.S. District Court for the District of Arizona.
Advertisement
Lee Gelernt, a New York-based lawyer with the American Civil Liberties Union, said they believe Swartz will be the first border agent prosecuted by the U.S. Justice Department in a fatal shooting across the international border.
Gelernt is handling a civil lawsuit for the teen's mother, who is seeking monetary damages against Swartz.
"This historically important trial is coming at a time when all eyes are on the border," they said.
Prosecutors say Swartz opened fire at about 11:30 p.m. on Oct. 10, 2012, through the metal poles of a 20-foot (6-meter) fence that sits on a 25-foot (about 7.6-meter) embankment above Mexico's Calle Internacional, a street lined with homes and small businesses.
About 20,000 people live on the Arizona side and about 300,000 live on the Mexico side, but the two communities linked by family members, trade and culture have long been referred to locally as "Ambos Nogales" — "Both Nogales" in Spanish.
Swartz's lawyers have said Elena Rodriguez threw rocks just before they were shot in an attempt to create a distraction for drug smugglers and that the officer was justified in using lethal force. They want jurors to visit the site at night to experience the area after dark.
Witnesses from the Mexico side of the border said they did not see the teen throw rocks and their relatives have denied they were helping drug smugglers, saying they were walking home after playing basketball.
The U.S. Attorney's Office has said it won't dispute that the boy was throwing rocks, but it's unknown if they had any link to drug smugglers. They argue an unreasonable amount of force was used.
Swartz pleaded not guilty after being indicted by a federal grand jury in 2015 and is currently on administrative leave and free on their own recognizance. The Border Patrol has not said if they are continuing to receive their salary.
Defense attorney Sean Chapman has declined to comment while the trial is ongoing. A spokesperson for the agents' union, the National Border Patrol Council, did not respond to multiple requests for comment.
The case is expected to last more than a month and activists who oppose U.S. border policies say they will rally outside the courthouse.
"For so long, prosecutors have been reluctant to charge Border Patrol agents with violent crimes," said John Fife, a retired Presbyterian minister who was active in the sanctuary movement that sheltered citizens of Central American countries who came to the U.S. in the 1980s fleeing civil war. "Now we will see if they can be held accountable."
Woman commits suicide after school students shares their naked pics online
A woman committed suicide after four individuals, including three high school students, allegedly uploaded nude photographs of them on the social media. The incident happened at West Bengal's East Midnapore district.
According to the police, woman has been identified as a housewife from Chandipur in East Midnapore district, who hanged themselves at their residence late on March 17.
It is learnt that the victim had lost their phone when they went to drop their daughter to the school. However, one of the accused, who found the phone, returned it – but not before allegedly transferring a few ‘private' photographs of the woman to their mobile device.
Also Read : Man commits suicide owing to separation from son
The accused even telephoned them and tried blackmailing them into a sexual relationship. When they declined, the boy threatened to upload the photographs on the social media. After which the woman thought to commit suicide.
The accused were identified as 21-year-old Chandan Guchait, a 17-year-old student and two younger boys aged 16. They were remanded in judicial custody for two weeks by a district court on Sunday.
September Guarantee offers for post-16 education falls in Suffolk
Suffolk county councillor Gordon Jones. Picture: JAMES FLETCHER Archant
Education bosses in Suffolk have said that organising suitable education for those aged 16-18 remains key, after a decrease in offers.
Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
The September Guarantee requires authorities to offer a suitable place for 16 and 17 year olds to complete compulsory education.
But despite being 160 fewer youngsters needing a place in 2016 compared to 2015, the percentage of youngsters offered a place dropped from 95.4% to 94.9%.
The numbers of those either being offered an unsuitable place or no offer at all both increased.
Gordon Jones, cabinet member for children's services, education and skills at Suffolk County Council, said: “We acknowledge there has been a marginal decline in the percentage of post-16 students receiving an offer of learning in Suffolk, however this percentage remains in line with the east of England and above national averages.
“We have ensured this is addressed in our ongoing work and in our participation & NEET prevention strategy.”
Met Éireann has issued a fresh status yellow high temperature warning.
It includes counties Carlow, kilkenny and Tipperary in the South East.
Temperatures are expected to reach 27 or 28 degrees.
The warning is valid until 7pm this evening.
High Temperature Warning Issued
Status: Yellow
Location: Carlow, Kildare, Kilkenny, Laois, Longford, Offaly, Westmeath, Meath, Galway, Leitrim, Roscommon, Clare, Limerick and Tipperary
Valid: Wednesday 2pm to 7pmhttps://t.co/b24grJkqcb pic.twitter.com/QDnIaD4csw — Met Éireann (@MetEireann) July 3, 2018
Share it:
Don't Miss
× Hot Country Nights are back and feature some of country's hottest artists
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — FOX4 is the proud broadcast partner for the Miller Lite/Q104 Hot Country Nights at KC Live! The concerts are typically free for the general admission areas. Those interested in attending the Lee Brice and Billy Currington concerts must purchase tickets.
The Hot Country Nights concerts take place on Thursdays throughout the summer.
Watch FOX4 on Wednesdays this summer for your chance to win tickets to the shows.
See the schedule below:
June 7 — Pat Green and Aaron Watson
June 14 — LoCash
June 21 — Midland
June 28 — Whiskey Myers
July 5 — Travis Marvin
July 12 — Lee Brice -tickets needed
July 19 — Casey Donahew
July 26 — LANCO
August 2 — Billy Currington – tickets needed
August 9 — Drew Baldridge and Granger Smith
August 16 — Ashley McBride and Jillian Jacqueline
August 23 — Randy Rogers
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
A Kiwi jewellery designer living in northern California is making some custom designs for some major celebrities.
Billy Zeeman began making dog tags for their dog, now she's making jewellery for the likes of Hillary Clinton.
TVNZ1's Seven Sharp reporter Tamati Rimene-Sproat caught up with Billy to find out what other celebrity fans they have - in the video above.
A 10-year-old Southern California boy was starved and tortured for days before their death, sometimes by younger brothers and sisters forced to take part in the beatings, according to prosecutors who have charged their mother and their boyfriend with their murder.
File photo provided by David Barron shows Anthony Avalos. Source: Associated Press
KNBC-TV today cited court documents that alleged vicious and repeated abuse of Anthony Avalos at their Lancaster home in the Mojave Desert north of Los Angeles for five or six days before their death June 21.
The torture included slamming the boy onto the bedroom floor, whipping them with a belt and cord, pouring hot sauce into their mouth and forbidding them to use the bathroom, according to the documents.
Eight siblings witnessed and were forced to take part in some of the abuse, which according to the documents included making the other children fight Anthony and forcing the children keep watch "so Anthony would remain standing or kneeling."
"At one point Anthony could not walk, was unconscious lying on their bedroom floor for hours, was not provided medical attention, and could not eat on their own," Los Angeles County Deputy District Attorney Jonathan Hatami wrote in an motion filed Monday that asks a court to admit previous child abuse reports into evidence.
Sheriff's deputies were called to Anthony's home a day before they died at a hospital. Their mother said the boy had fallen down stairs.
Heather Maxine Barron, 28, and their boyfriend, Kareem Ernesto Leiva, 32, were charged with torture and murder. They haven't entered pleas and remained jailed on $US2 million bail each pending a hearing next month.
Hatami's motion said that when the boy was brought to a hospital, their heart had stopped and they had suffered a traumatic brain injury and a brain bleed.
Anthony also had reddened eyes and numerous bruises, cuts and scrapes on their forehead, nose, mouth, cheek, neck, legs, shoulder, hips, back, buttocks, stomach, ankle, legs and foot.
County child welfare officials had received a dozen referrals of suspected child abuse about the boy from 2013 until 2016.
Anthony had been removed from their home for several months when some of the reports of abuse were substantiated. They were returned after family members received in-home counselling, welfare officials said.
After Anthony's death, authorities removed the eight other children — aged between 11 months and 12 years old — from the home. They are being cared for by county child welfare workers, officials said.
A firefighter tries to extinguish a fire at a house during a forest fire at Kalamos village, north of Athens, on Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017. Fires breaking out across Greece have stretched firefighting capabilities to the limit, authorities say, voicing suspicions that at least some of the fires have been started deliberately. Yorgos Karahalis AP Photo
At least three people, including two police officers, have been wounded in a shooting at a Home Depot store in Dallas.
The suspected gunman is believed to have fled into the woods behind the shop, according to reports, followed by an officer with a police search dog.
We can confirm that two @DallasPD officers have been shot and critically wounded. We will provide updates as we get them. Please pray for our officers and their families. — Dallas Police Dept (@DallasPD) April 24, 2018
The male and a female police officer are in a critical condition, Dallas police said, and a third person, believed to be a security guard, was also injured.
The officers were helping an off-duty officer working as a security guard to arrest someone when the shooter opened fire about 4.30pm, local media said.
Advertisement
VIDEO: armored vehicles and @DallasPD cruisers heading to scene of officer involved shooting at Home Depot in NE Dallas. @wfaa pic.twitter.com/h6SqbXEkS5 — Matt Howerton (@HowertonNews) April 24, 2018
Police said the third person shot was a "civilian".
A civilian was also shot in this incident. The condition of the civilian is unknown at this time. — Dallas Police Dept (@DallasPD) April 24, 2018
Helicopter video shows officers searching for the suspect in a nearby creek.
"Please pray for our officers and their families," Dallas police tweeted.
One person has been taken to Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas, a hospital spokesperson said.
The latest series of the raunchy BBC2 series will be its last
Versailles has been cancelled, the show's star Alexander Vlahos has confirmed.
Advertisement
The raunchy BBC2 drama caused something of a stir when it debuted in 2016, and returned last year for a second series.
However, it now appears that the show about the reign of Louis XIV has been axed.
Taking to Twitter, Vlahos who plays Philippe D'Orleans in the drama, said the third was going to be “the final season”.
I'm just going to leave this here… #Versailles THE FINAL SEASON ♥️ pic.twitter.com/nwp7d9sdoR — Alexander Vlahos (@vlavla) March 14, 2018
A UK air date for the third series has yet to be announced. The show also stars George Blagden as Louis XIV, Tygh Runyan as Fabien Marchal and Stuart Bowman as Alexandre Bontemps.
Advertisement
Former Merlin star Vlahos has previously stated how much of a Doctor Who fan they are, and that they would “love” even a guest role in the long-running sci-fi drama.
Coatings are applied on glass surfaces to offer special features to glass products. Flat glass is processed with coatings to provide certain qualities and properties, such as self-cleaning, water and dirt retardation, corrosion resistance, energy efficiency, increased durability, to the glass. Glass surface is exposed to vapors, which bind to the glass surface, thereby forming a coating. Coated glass is used in mirrors and other decorative applications.
The flat glass coatings market can be segmented based on type, technology, application, and region. Based on type, the flat glass coatings market can be divided into solvent based, water based, and nanocoating based In terms of technology, the market can be bifurcated into chemical vapor deposition and physical vapor deposition. Chemical vapor deposition coating is also called hard coat, while physical vapor deposition coating is known as soft coat. In terms of application, the flat glass coatings market can be segregated into mirror, automotive, solar panel, decorative, and others. Based on region, the flat glass coatings market can be split into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa.
Rise in demand for decorative products is anticipated to boost the global flat glass coatings market during the forecast period. Demand for decorative mirrors is expected to increase in beauty & cosmetics, architecture, and other applications. Rise in number of architectural structures is projected to augment the flat glass coatings market in the near future. Increase in disposable income and changing lifestyles are factors driving the flat glass coatings market. Demand for solar panels is rising owing to the growth in awareness about renewable energy resources. This, in turn, is expected to trigger the flat glass coatings market in the next few years. Demand for nanocoatings is anticipated to rise in automotive applications. However, high cost of nanocoatings is likely to hamper the flat glass coatings market during the forecast period.
In terms of type, solvent based and water based segments are estimated to account for large share of the flat glass coatings market throughout the forecast period. The nanocoatings segment is projected to expand at a fast pace in the near future. Demand for chemical vapor deposition technology is anticipated to increase during the forecast period. Based on application, the solar panel segment is estimated to expand at a rapid pace in the next few years. Demand for flat glass coatings is also likely to increase in automotive applications. The mirror segment is estimated to hold major share of the flat glass coatings market throughout the forecast period.
Get PDF Brochure for more Professional & Technical industry insights: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=42767
North America is projected to hold higher share of the flat glass coatings market, followed by Asia Pacific and Europe, during the forecast period. Demand for flat glass coatings in North America is rising in decorative applications. Demand for flat glass coatings in decorative and mirror applications is expected to be high in Asia Pacific. China and India are estimated to constitute prominent share of the flat glass coatings market in the region in the near future. The flat glass coatings market in Latin America and Middle East & Africa is likely to expand at a moderate pace in the near future.
Key players operating in the flat glass coatings market include Arkema Group, Nippon Paint M Sdn Bhd, JELD-WEN Glass, and Stewart Engineers, Inc.=
About us:
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations.
Contact us:
Transparency Market Research
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany
NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website:http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
Jonny Lang and bandmates bring blues-rock to Rose
Bluesman Jonny Lang. Photo: Daniella Hovsepian
By Alan Sculley
Jonny Lang says their current album, Signs is an example of just letting an album be what it wanted to be musically.
“I don't know what will come next,” Lang said in a recent phone interview. “But yeah, this one was just the record that felt right in this season of my life.”
Signs is the kind of album that's likely to please a lot of long-time fans who first heard Lang when they were in their teens and releasing the albums Lie To Me in 1997 and Wander This World a year later.
With their fiery blues-rock sound, their accomplished guitar playing and a rough-and-tumble singing voice that sounded decades older than their actual age—15 at the time they recorded Lie To Me—Lang was touted as the next Stevie Ray Vaughan.
“I think there are a lot of people who want us to make our first record over and over again. But it's obviously not the way of things,” Lang said. “So yeah, I think it made some of those folks kind of happy to hear just a more raw approach to the music.”
The fans Lang mentions probably wondered if they would ever again hear another Lang album made up primarily of hard-hitting blues-rock. That's because with the albums that followed Wander This World, the singer/guitarist's music took a notable turn.
Beginning with their third album, 2003's Long Time Coming, Lang began to incorporate strong elements of soul, funk, Motown and gospel into their sound, and by the time of their previous album, 2013's Fight For Your Soul, blues-rock had taken a back seat to more of a soul-based sound.
So the turn back toward blues and a more guitar centered sound on Signs will come as a surprise to many fans. But the shift came
about naturally.
“I just kind of got re-inspired, I don't know if re-inspired is the right word, but I had been listening to a lot of Howlin' Wolf and Tom Waits, just like that open room sound, like live in the studio, not too producer-refined stuff,” Lang said. “I was like ‘Man, I think that should be the approach on this next one.' It just felt like the right way to go. But that was pretty much the only thought that I had or guideline that I had going into it. The songs themselves, the style of the songs, wasn't something I tried to guide in that direction. It was more from a production standpoint, the approach I wanted to take.”
The raw approach is apparent from the first chords of “Make It Move,” the opening track on Signs, as shards of acoustic guitar chords greet a pained vocal from Lang before the gospel-ish song takes on more of a rock edge. The next song, “Snakes,” sets more of the rock tone of the album, with a driving beat and plenty of stinging guitar. The rest of the album delivers burly rock on “Last Man Standing,” a tense mix of rock and soul on the standout title track, percolating funky rock on “What You're Made Of” (a tune that evokes memories of Bill Withers' “Use Me Up” or the Staple Singers' “I'll Take You There”) and some slow-burning blues on “Wisdom.”
The only songs that dial things down a bit is the impassioned ballad “Bring Me Back Home,” a track recorded in Nashville with producer Josh Kelly, and the acoustic-laced “Singing Songs.”
The way Signs came together supports the idea that Lang and their collaborators weren't forcing their creativity or any preconceived ideas on the project. Most of the songs were written with Lang's co-producers for the album, Drew Ramsey and Shannon Sanders, in about a week and the basic tracks were recorded live in the studio in just three days.
“All of the rhythm guitars, bass, drums and keys were pretty much 100 percent, what you hear there is within one to three takes in the studio,” Lang said. “Then we went to Nashville a couple of different times to do vocals and some guitar overdubs. But that was pretty much it.”
Now Lang is getting the chance to see how their new songs—as well as their lyrics—translate to live performance—something that should be fairly effortless considering their touring rhythm section of Barry Alexander on drums and Jim Anton on bass played on the album and most of the tracking was done with the musicians playing together live in the studio.
“We're doing five or six new songs right now, depending on the night,” Lang said of their set list. “And we want to try to put stuff in from previous records, too, that folks kind of want to hear. So we do about a two-hour show. To fit everything in is a little challenging, to pick the songs. But yeah, we've been doing a lot of new stuff.”
“It's going pretty well live,” they said. “It's working out well.”
Jonny Lang will appear at the Rose Music Center, 6800 Executive Blvd., Huber Heights on July 11, sharing the bill with blues guitar legend Buddy Guy. For more information visit jonnylang.com, and for tickets, visit rosemusiccenter.com, or call 937.610.0288.
Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) equipment market refers to the tools and equipments used to detect, dispose and provide protection during explosive disposal operations. The global Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) equipment market has been segmented by equipment type, application and geography. On the basis of equipment type the market has been segmented into portable X-ray systems, projected water disruptors, bomb containment chamber, EOD suits and blankets, EOD robots, explosive detectors and search mirrors among others. The EOD market on the basis of application has been categorized into defense and law enforcement. North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa and Latin America are the various regions covered within the scope of research. Furthermore, a cross sectional analysis has been provided for each of the reports covered within the scope of research.
Factors such as police forces modernization programs and defense modernization programs are also expected to drive the demand for Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) equipment. Various defense agencies across the globe are striving to equip their forces with modern equipment in order to counterterrorist intrusions. For example, large numbers of military organizations and law enforcement organizations have adopted military EOD robots. These robots can be programmed according to a given situation and can also be repurposed in a short time. Moreover, recent surge in number of terrorist attacks have also boosted the demand for EOD in recent years. The rise of various terrorist outfits such as ISIS and Boko Haram are constantly conducting coordinated country-wide attacks against the governments across the globe.
Report For Report Sample: https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/sample/110114589/Explosive-Ordnance-Disposal-Equipment-Market
These organizations are targeting malls, schools and embassies among others. As a result of these factors, defense organizations are increasingly adopting EOD equipment to counter the terrorist attacks. Furthermore, the joint efforts taken by various countries such as the U.S., Russia and France among others to curb terrorism have further resulted in an increased demand for EOD equipments. These factors in combination are expected to propel the demand for EOD equipment throughout the forecast period.
However, defense budget cut by governments of various countries is restraining the demand for EOD equipment globally. For example, there has been a 31% defense budget cut in the U.S. military spending from 2010 to 2016
Significant opportunities exist for the EOD equipment market as a result of continuous research and development initiatives undertaken by various manufacturers. Research and development is directed toward improving existing features as well as developing new advanced features. For example, in January 2014, DetectaChem launched a handheld explsoive detector called the SEEKERe. The SEEKERe has been designed and developed in accordance to the specifications requested by the U.S. Department of Defense (DOD).
The company profiles of the major players in the global Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) Equipment market across five major geographic regions namely North America, Europe, Asia Pacific (APAC), Middle East and Africa and Latin America has been extensively covered under the purview of the study. Moreover, the business strategies being adopted by the major players in the market have also been included in the report. The market attractive analysis has also been provided in the report for providing a detailed insight into the global EOD equipment market.
The market dynamics, which includes the market drivers, restraints and opportunities, has also been included under the scope of the report. Market dynamics help to understand the current trends in the global market by providing insights of the distinctive factors that influence the growth of the specific market. Thus, this report provides an inclusive study of the global Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) Equipment market and also provides forecast of the market for the period from 2015-2023
Some of the major players operating in EOD market are: iRobot Corporation, Safariland, LLC, Northrop Grumman Corporation, Scanna Msc Ltd., NABCO, Inc., United Shield International Ltd, Reamda Ltd., API Technologies Corp., Du Pont (E.I.) De Nemours and Cobham plc among others.
Request Report Discount: https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/discount/110114589/Explosive-Ordnance-Disposal-Equipment-Market
The global Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) Equipment market has been segmented into:
Global Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) Equipment market, by Equipment Type
• Portable X-ray Systems
• Projected Water Disruptors
• Bomb containment chambers
• EOD Suits and Blankets
• EOD Robots
• Explosive Detectors
• Search mirrors
• Others
Global Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) Equipment market, by Application:
• Defense
• Law Enforcement
Global Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) Equipment market, by Geography:
• North America
o U.S.
o Canada
o Others
• Europe
o United Kingdom
o France
o Germany
o Russia
o Others
• Asia Pacific
o China
o India
o Japan
o Others
• Middle East and Africa
o U.A.E.
o Israel
o Others
• Latin America
o Brazil
o Argentina
o Others
Report Analysis: https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/rd/110114589/Explosive-Ordnance-Disposal-Equipment-Market
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
Eglinton's David Allingham clinched a brilliant runner-up finish on the EHA Racing Yamaha in the Dickies British Supersport Feature race on Easter Monday.
Reigning champion Tarran Mackenzie proved unbeatable on the McAMS Yamaha as they roared to their third win of the Bank Holiday meeting at the Brands Hatch Indy circuit, but Allingham was thrilled to take the runner-up spot as they finished 1.5 seconds behind at the line.
The Northern Ireland rider, who was sixth and fourth in Sunday's Sprint races at the Kent track, said: “I feel really happy with that and the bike felt more comfortable and it's just a pity we didn't get away with Taz at the start. We got blocked in at the first corner and we made it hard work for ourselves.
“I just want to give a big shout out to my EHA Racing Yamaha team and all my sponsors.”
Allingham is second in the championship standings after the first two rounds, 40 points behind Mackenzie.
Behind Allingham, Alastair Seeley – who is ineligible for championship points – finished third on the Spirit Moto2 machine ahead of Gearlink Kawasaki's Ben Currie.
Allingham's team-mate, Ross Twyman, was next ahead of Keith Farmer on the Team Appleyard Macadam Yamaha, who saved a massive moment to stay upright on their R6.
Carrick's Andrew Irwin finished seventh on the Gearlink Kawasaki in front of Dublin rider Jack Kennedy (MV Agusta).
In the Pirelli National Superstock 1000 race, Tyco BMW's Ian Hutchinson edged a close race by only 0.076 seconds from Adam Jenkinson (Northern Escalators BMW), with Sunday's race winner Richard Cooper third on the Bennetts Suzuki.
Less than one second covered the podium finishers in a thrilling race and Hutchinson made it count on the S1000RR to earn their maiden win of 2017.
Lisburn's Carl Phillips was a solid 12th on the MD Racing Suzuki, while Robert English finished 32nd on the IFS Yamaha.
In the British Motostar race, Eugene McManus rode another fantastic race to finish third on their KTM Moto3 machine ahead of Richard Kerr (North West Racing KTM), with Scott Swann 23rd on their Honda.
Robert Kennedy secured a top ten finish in the National Superstock 600 race on the Sandown Racing Kawasaki, taking the flag in ninth.
The next round of the MCE British Superbike Championship will be held at Oulton Park from April 29 to May 1.
The following people have been sentenced at magistrates courts in the county:
NORTHAMPTON
Tyrone Isaac Peter Sanders
Shelley Road, Wellingborough. Age: 25
On 15/02/2017 stole cheese and sandwiches, to the value of £19.65, from the Co-op, Farm Road, Wellingborough; assaulted a woman by beating her; on 10/02/2017 stole £40 in cash, belonging to another person, at the ATM in Whitworth Way, Wellingborough.
Plea: Guilty. Discharged conditionally for 12 months, to pay compensation of £59.65.
Matthew James Bradford
Poppyfields, Kettering. Age: 23
On 02/02/2017 drove a Peugeot 206 on the A43, Moulton, after consuming so much alcohol that the proportion of it in your breath, namely 58mcg of alcohol in 100ml of breath, exceeded the prescribed limit.
Plea: Guilty. Fined £300, surcharge to fund victim services of £30, costs of £85, banned from driving for three years.
Christopher Kevin Fox
Kiln Way, Wellingborough. Age: 33
On 20/02/2017 had with you, without good reason or lawful authority, in a public place, namely Caswell Court, Kettering, an article which had a blade or was sharply pointed, namely a Stanley knife; a lock knife .
Plea: Guilty.
Jailed for 112 days, to pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £115, Stanley knife and lock knife to be forfeited and destroyed.
Alan Duncan Ferguson
Burghley Close, Corby. Age: 41
On 09/01/2017 in Corby pursued a course of conduct which amounted to the harassment of another person and which you knew or ought to have known amounted to the harassment of them in that you sent numerous text messages, emails and Facebook messages between 09/01/2017 and 04/02/2017.
Plea: Guilty. To carry out unpaid work for 80 hours, restraining order prohibits defendant from contacting victim or another named person in any way and from entering a street in Corby. This order lasts until 21/08/2018. To pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £85, costs of £40.
Dean Alexander John Crosby
Westfields Road, Corby. Age: 33
On 04/02/2017 in Weldon, without lawful excuse, damaged a number of household items, intending to destroy or damage such property or being reckless as to whether such property would be destroyed or damaged.
Plea: Guilty. Discharged conditionally for 24 months, restraining order prohibits defendant from visiting an address in Weldon. This order lasts until 21/02/2018. To pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £20, costs of £85.
Roddi Lee Stewart
Hooke Close, Corby. Age: 30
On 17/02/2017 at behaved in a violent manner at Corby Police Station.
Plea: Guilty. Jailed for 14 days, to pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £115.
James Rogers
Terry Smith Avenue, Rothwell. Age: 30
On 06/12/2016 drove a motor vehicle in High Street, Ecton, after consuming so much alcohol that the proportion of it in your breath exceeded the prescribed limit.
Plea: Guilty.
Jailed for 84 days suspended for six months, to pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £115, costs of £85, banned from driving for 48 months.
Arek Bialy
Alexandra Road, Wellingborough. Age: 35
On 12/11/2016 drove a motor vehicle in Barnwell Road, Wellingborough, after consuming so much alcohol that the proportion of it in your blood, namely 193mlg of alcohol in 100ml of blood, exceeded the prescribed limit; without insurance; without a licence; on 15/02/2017 failed without reasonable cause to surrender to custody at Wellingborough Magistrates' Court, having been released on bail.
Plea: Guilty. Fined £550, surcharge to fund victim services of £35, costs of £85, banned from driving for 20 months.
Andrew Marc Cornwell
No fixed address. Age: 21
On 28/02/2017 without lawful authority or reasonable excuse, had with you in a public place, namely Cottingham Road, Corby, an offensive weapon, namely a hammer.
Plea: Guilty. Jailed for 56 days, to pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £115, costs of £85, hammer to be forfeited and destroyed.
Steven Harkins
Kirkwall, Corby. Age: 33
On 04/01/2017 in Kettering dishonestly undertook or assisted in the retention, removal, disposal or realisation of stolen goods, namely a Natwest credit card, by or for the benefit of another or dishonestly arranged so to do, knowing or believing the same to be stolen goods;
On 25/01/2017 failed without reasonable cause to surrender to custody at Wellingborough Magistrates' Court, having been released on bail;
On 11/01/2017 stole cosmetics, to the value of £300, from Boots, Kettering;
On 27/02/2017 in Kettering wilfully obstructed PC Norman in the execution of their duty;
On 23/01/2017 stole four bottles of whiskey, to the value of £126, from Majestic Wine Warehouse, Kettering.
Plea: Guilty.
To have treatment for drug dependency as a non-resident patient for six months, to carry out unpaid work for 100 hours, to pay compensation of £783.95, four other offences admitted and taken into consideration.
WELLINGBOROUGH
Tarnya Louise Wilson
Chaucer Road, Wellingborough. Age: 44
On 10/01/2017 stole three hair straighteners, to the value of £57, from Asda, Rushden.
Plea: Guilty.
Discharged conditionally for 18 months, to pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £20, costs of £85.
Jorge Manuel De Oliveira Coelho
Rossetti Road, Corby
On 05/12/2016 drove a Ford Fiesta in Oakley Road, Corby, after consuming so much alcohol that the proportion of it in your urine, namely 143mlg of alcohol in 100ml of urine, exceeded the prescribed limit.
Plea: Guilty.
Jailed for 70 days because the offence was committed during the operational period of a suspended sentence, to pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £115, costs of £85, banned from driving for 14 months
Dean Mark Lee
School Lane, Higham Ferrers. Age: 27
On 05/02/2017 drove a motor vehicle in a public place, namely McDonald's Drive-Thru, London Road, Raunds, after consuming so much alcohol that the proportion of it in your breath, namely 101mcg of alcohol in 100ml of breath, exceeded the prescribed limit;
At the criminal justice centre, Northampton, had in your possession a quantity of ecstacy.
Plea: Guilty. Fined £170, surcharge to fund victim services of £30, costs of £85, banned from driving for 25 months, ecstacy to be forfeited and destroyed.
Glen Robert Mayes
Field Street, Kettering. Age: 40
On 06/02/2017 drove a red Nissan Micra in Barton Road, Barton Seagrave, after consuming so much alcohol that the proportion of it in your breath, namely 98mcg of alcohol in 100ml of breath, exceeded the prescribed limit.
Plea: Guilty. To carry out unpaid work for 100 hours, pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £85, costs of £85, banned from driving for 25 months.
Tyla Oram
Stamford Road, Kettering. Age: 27
On 11/12/2016 drove a VW Polo in King Street, Kettering, when the proportion of a controlled drug, namely Delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), in your blood, namely 6mcg per litre, exceeded the specified limit; without a licence; without insurance.
Plea: Guilty.
To have treatment for drug dependency as a non-resident patient for three months, to pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £8, costs of £85, banned from driving for 30 months.
Vladislavs Baltunovs
Silver Street, Wellingborough. Age: 33
On 22/01/2017 drove a BMW in Nest Lane, Wellingborough, after consuming so much alcohol that the proportion of it in your breath, namely 127mcg of alcohol in 100ml of breath, exceeded the prescribed limit; without a licence; without insurance.
Plea: Guilty. Jailed for 56 days suspended for 12 months, to carry out unpaid work for 150 hours, pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £115, costs of £85, banned from driving for 32 months.
Samantha Margaret Mackay
Newark Drive, Corby. Age: 39
On 22/01/2017 drove a Mini in Shetland Way, Corby, after consuming so much alcohol that the proportion of it in your breath, namely 110mcg of alcohol in 100ml of breath, exceeded the prescribed limit.
Plea: Guilty. To pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £85, costs of £85, banned from driving for 24 months.
Daniel Grigore
Cannon Street, Wellingborough. Age: 24
On 10/02/2017 drove a silver Vauxhall Vectra in Sheep Street, Wellingborough, after consuming so much alcohol that the proportion of it in your breath, namely 103mcg of alcohol in 100ml of breath, exceeded the prescribed limit; without insurance; without an MOT.
Plea: Guilty.
To carry out unpaid work for 100 hours, pay a surcharge to fund victim services of £85, banned from driving for 28 months, fined £240, costs of £85.
Soloman Oghenero Otuagomah
Wheatley Avenue, Corby. Age: 23
On 11/02/2017 damaged a gambling machine, to the value of £2,000, at William Hill, Rockingham Road, Kettering, intending to destroy or damage it or being reckless as to whether it would be destroyed or damaged.
Plea: Guilty. Jailed for 42 days suspended for 12 months, to carry out unpaid work for 40 hours, pay compensation of £2,000, surcharge to fund victim services of £115, costs of £85.
Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
HARRISBURG, Pa. - Boosting Democrats' chances of retaking control of Congress in this fall's midterm elections, the U.S. Supreme Court and a federal panel on Monday rejected GOP challenges to a newly redrawn congressional map imposed on Pennsylvania by the state's high court.
The courts dismissed requests to throw out or halt use of the new map. The Pennsylvania Supreme Court had ruled that a 2011 GOP-crafted district map violated the state constitution's guarantee of free and equal elections.
Democrats need to pick up 24 seats to take control of the U.S. House of Representatives, 23 if Conor Lamb wins in Pennsylvania's 18th district.
The pair of rulings makes it highly likely that this year's congressional elections in Pennsylvania will be conducted under district lines widely viewed as more favorable to Democrats than the 2011 map.
The previous map was drafted to aid Republican candidates and proved to be a campaign winner for them, leading the GOP to a 13-5 edge in the state's congressional delegation for all three elections in which it was used.
Both court decisions came with just one day left for the state's congressional candidates to circulate petitions to get on the May 15 primary ballot.
The U.S. Supreme Court turned down the request without comment.
The panel of judges said it had no authority to act in the matter except to dismiss the case.
“The plaintiffs invite us to opine on the appropriate balance of power between the Commonwealth's legislature and judiciary in redistricting matters, and then to pass judgment on the propriety of the Pennsylvania Supreme Court's actions under the United States Constitution,” the judges wrote. “These are things that, on the present record, we cannot do.”
Democratic Gov. Tom Wolf called the federal judges' ruling the right decision and said it will let the state move ahead with a fair map.
The Democratic majority on the state Supreme Court had ruled in January that a map Republicans crafted in 2011 amounted to an unconstitutional gerrymander.
After Wolf and lawmakers in the GOP-controlled General Assembly did not produce a replacement, the court enacted its own map last month and gave candidates extra time for petition gathering.
The federal judges' decision comes in a case brought a month ago by eight sitting Republican members of congress and two GOP state senators. They argued the state justices infringed on the Legislature's prerogative and did not give lawmakers enough time to come up with a replacement.
The panel said the senators have only two votes in their chamber, calling that “inadequate as a matter of law to allow a lawsuit premised on an institutional injury to the General Assembly.” The eight Republican members of congress, the judges wrote, may have wasted resources campaigning in their old districts, but they cannot prove that was caused by a violation of the U.S. Constitution's Elections Clause.
“The cost of shifting district boundaries — in terms of both campaign funding and constituent fealty — is surely appreciable,” the judges wrote. “But the federal congressional plaintiffs have identified no legal principle tethering that cost to a legally cognizable interest in the composition of their electoral districts under the Elections Clause.”
In a separate case , two senior Republicans in the state Legislature who were on the losing end of the state Supreme Court decision asked the U.S. Supreme Court to issue a stay, which would have resulted in the use of the 2011 map for this year's congressional elections in Pennsylvania. They wanted the new map put on hold while they pursued an appeal to the nation's highest court.
A group of 18 Democratic voters sued in state court last year to challenge the 2011 map, a case the state Supreme Court put on a fast track before throwing out the former district lines.
All five Democrats on the state Supreme Court said the map violated the state constitution, but one of the Democrats joined both Republicans in objecting to the majority's determination to enact a new map for this year's races.
More than 40 candidates had filed petition paperwork by mid-day Monday, according to state elections bureau data. The deadline to submit at least 1,000 voter signatures to get on the primary ballot is Tuesday.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
IT HAS not been a particularly happy week at home. Bridie, our little white cat popped out early in the week and hasn't come back.
She's always been a bit of a wanderer and has plenty of friends and is well known in the neighbourhood, sometimes for the wrong things, such as getting stuck in other people's chook pens and of all things, launching sneak attacks on dogs but normally, butter wouldn't melt in their mouth.
They have wandered away before, once being found under Rose City Shopping Centre and was fortunately discovered by a lovely lady who made the right connections and they came home.
 They are also quite well known for waiting at the corner every afternoon to walk home with "her kids” when they come home from school.
We've always had cats and dogs. At the moment, we have 2 of each. I hope I can still say 2, but as the days roll on, more and more it is looking like 2 dogs and a cat.
I've found that cats come in two types. Home bodies that lol about in strange places, like inside drawers or boxes or even my computer keyboard.
Our last cat lived for 16 years. They moved from Brisbane to Julia Creek, to Yelarbon and then to Warwick and barely wandered out of sight of our front door.
I once, accidentally, locked them in a kid's bedroom for about 10 days when we went away for school holidays.
Fortunately for her, they survived on left-overs from hastily discarded school lunchbox and water on the window sill. When we came home they wandered into the kitchen, looking as thin as a fence paling and gave me the evil eye. She's got a permanent spot in the sunny front garden now.
Then there are the wandering cats. We've had a few of those. Their lives are always, sadly, much shorter. I remember taking one such cat to the vet after we noticed it couldn't walk without discomfort.
It would have been over 20 years ago, I was still a cop and was working that day so I took said pussy cat to the vet.
I was in uniform and the vet told me it needed to be put down. I thought of my two little guys who were waiting for me to bring kitty home and burst into tears.
I'm sure crying at the vets was a regular occurrence, but I don't think anyone at the vets had seen a crying, 18 stone, police officer before.
They looked at me wide eyed. Not knowing what to say. I said, "a sit down and a cup of tea would be nice.”
It was with dread that I travelled home and told the little guys as delicately as I could.
The oldest one immediately shrugged nonchalantly and said, "We can get a new kitten now dad” excitedly.
I still hold out hope that Bridie might come home.
I'm not being flippant, I'm sad to lose them I will miss seeing them waiting at the corner or flitting about like a ghost, but I'm a realist and know a terrible thing.
We have loads of top tips in our definitive guide to what's on in Belfast and beyond this week.
Kicking off this Friday, October 6 read our list of the top 10 events to enjoy this week in Northern Ireland.
The Tillman County Detention Center in Frederick will stay intact despite the loss of a state contract, thanks to approval of a sales tax by the county's voters on Tuesday.
In another important vote in the area, Medicine Park residents approved a lodging tax to generate income to help fund improvements in their community. Additionally, voters in Caddo County opted to continue a tax to support emergency services in their county.
Tillman County voters overwhelmingly approved the half-cent sales tax to pay off the remaining bond amount owed on the Tillman County Detention Center, following the recent loss of a contract with the Oklahoma Department of Corrections to house state inmates. The tax proposal was approved by a margin of 790 votes in favor, or 84.49 percent of the vote, compared to 145 votes in opposition to the tax, or 15.51 percent of the vote. The sales tax will have a duration of 17 years, or the remaining time left on the $3.1 million, 30-year bond issue to build the detention center approved by Tillman County voters nearly 20 years ago - for which the county still owes $2.7 million. The 68-bed detention center has housed both county and Department of Corrections inmates since it opened in January of 2001. However, the Department of Corrections recently canceled its contracts with Tillman and other counties in response to Oklahoma's severe budget shortfall. With the loss of the Department of Corrections contract, the county was left with little money left to pay off the bond - or face foreclosure of the detention center, and suffer a lower credit rating that would also affect other local taxing entities. Another issue caused by the loss of the detention center would have been the need to contract the incarceration of inmates at other county jails at considerable expense to Tillman County taxpayers.
Joe Don Dickey, Tillman County District 2 commissioner and chairperson of the commissioners, expressed their appreciation to voters for going to the polls and approving the sales tax.
"I want to thank the people of Tillman County who got out and passed this 'must-have' tax to pay for the bond issue," they said. "We sent a clear message about what we had to do. Our voters understood the need and responded accordingly."
Revenues from the tax are estimated to generate revenues of $175,000-190,000 per year to help pay of the remaining amount owed on the bond.
Medicine Park vote
Tourists staying in Medicine Park will pay slightly more on their lodging bills, now that voters approved a 5.5 percent lodging tax.
Of the 124 total votes cast, 75, or 60.48 percent, were in favor with 49, or 39.52 percent, against. The tax will be assessed on overnight stays in Medicine Park starting July 1. Anyone with a valid ID that proves residence in Medicine Park, Department of Defense employees reassigned to Fort Sill and government employees whose room is paid for by their employers will be exempt. The tax could generate as much as $35,000 or more a year, depending on how many people stay at the Old Plantation Inn or any of the cabins and rooms available for overnight stays. That's money the town desperately needs to improve, said Travis McBride, a member of the Medicine Park Economic Development Authority board.
"I'm excited to start collecting it and building some money and showing people what we can actually do with those additional funds," they said. "There's a lot of work that we can do now that we weren't able to do earlier because we just didn't have the money."
All proceeds from the tax will be added to the general fund and earmarked as appropriations for multiple town government functions, as decided by the board of trustees. Currently, 40 percent of the funds will be allocated for infrastructure, another 40 percent will go to trade and industry, 10 percent will be allocated to an incentive fund, 5 percent will go to parks and recreation and the remaining 5 percent will be put into a rainy day fund. The board of trustees will read the monthly figures on a monthly basis at its regular meetings and can change those allocations as needed.
That ability to adjust the allocations was a point of contention for some residents leading up to the vote. McBride has proposed, and plans to move forward with, forming a committee of citizens, leaders and lodging owners some of whom were hesitant to support the tax because of its possible effects on overnight stays that would advise the board on how to divide and spend the new funds.
West Side Story, arriving at Dubai Opera on Valentine's Day and running until February 18, is turning 60 this year. It's celebrating with a facelift.
The Romeo and Juliet-inspired musical, introduced to Broadway in 1957, has always questioned whether love can survive a deadly teenage rivalry between a white American gang, The Jets, and their Puerto Rico rivals, The Sharks, in New York's Upper West Side. But choreographer and director Joey McKneely ditched era-specific sets and went for a more contemporary, bare-bones approach on their new production.
“If anyone's ever seen the original production and the movie for that matter, there's this stereotypical look to the 1950s, you know? It looks slightly cartoonish, the slicked hair, the rolled up jeans, the poodle skirts,” said McKneely.
They stripped away visuals that didn't seem real to them and honed in on simple things, like fire escapes and the imposing steel structure that is New York City. They wanted to get down to the core essence of each character's emotional state.
“If we play [with] that and we don't put anything in its way, like cardboard sets or poodle skirts or big bouffant hair, or whatever, then you're really looking at teenagers as they should be portrayed,” they said.
“Human behaviour has not changed since 1957. We still fall in love, we still have fear, we still have anger. Teenagers still have this crazy energy that they can't control,” they added.
Before the conception of West Side Story, it was East Side Story. The conflict was between an Irish Catholic family and a Jewish family, focusing on themes of anti-Semitism. Due to its similarity to other productions at the time, the project was halted. Arthur Laurents eventually wrote the reimagined and retitled book; the production's music came courtesy of Leonard Bernstein, its lyrics courtesy of Stephen Sondheim, and its choreography courtesy of Jerome Robbins. (McKneely learned the original choreography from Jerome Robbins himself, and will bring it to Dubai.)
PLAYING WITH FIRE
McKneely's principal actors, Jenna Burns as Maria and Kevin Hack as Tony, possess a fiery onstage chemistry that has been a hit with reviewers.
“I don't think you've ever seen [Jenna] before, but she's incredibly gorgeous, and it's impossible not to fall in love with them every night on stage,” said Hack. At 14, they were on their way to becoming a professional ice hockey player, and at 18, they discovered they could sing. Hack now considers themselves a huge advocate of love and the powers behind it. They place their optimism into their performance of Tony, which they played across from three other Marias before Burns.
“In my personal life, [I] don't get to experience love on a day-to-day basis, a relationship kind of love. The fact that I get to do it in the show… I get to really, really pour what I feel a relationship should be into the character, which is really nice,” they said.
Burns credited them and Hack's friendship and trust offstage for their professional chemistry.
“You're just with each other all the time — you're eating, living, breathing, sleeping the show,” they said.
PRESENT-DAY AMERICA
The musical's exploration of racism, cultural discord and a fear of what's different is still painfully pertinent today, particularly during a month when the US has witnessed a travel ban on refugees from seven Muslim-majority nations, immigration raids that impacted hundreds of individuals, and conversations about building a wall between the States and Mexico.
“I think what's amazing about West Side Story is that it's based on Romeo and Juliet, but once you transcend that into racism, it becomes a modern story. It becomes very poignant and the layers become deeper and the motivation for these characters become deeper,” said McKneely.
A lack of understanding and compassion between opposing forces leads to violence — one that can do irreparable harm to people who are not caught up in it.
“It destroys love, unfortunately,” they said.
Hack worried that this permeating darkness overshadowed the good.
“Everyone's always looking at the hate aspect, but we need to look at the love between the two leads, between Tony and Maria, because it's unreal. Those cultures and those backgrounds are so different,” they said.
MARIA, MARIA
Maria, who has just recently moved to America, is a sheltered character, partially because their brother, Bernardo, is so protective of them But she's eager to experience whatever life has to offer, naive as they are to the consequences.
Burns, stepping into Maria's shoes, comes from Kansas City. It seems like an odd choice for a character whose core identity includes being Puerto Rican. (Natalie Wood, an American of Russian descent, played Maria in the 1961 film.)
McKneely's casting choices were restricted by qualities such as operatic training and age range, they said.
“It's very difficult to find race-specific actors to play these roles of Tony, Maria and Anita, because the requirements of the roles, vocally, and also dance-wise for Anita, are so high,” they explained. When Jenna walked into the room, they had all the qualities of Maria, chiefly them freshness.
“She'd just graduated out of college. They didn't have show business around them They were just this innocent girl from the middle of the mid-west. But onstage, any actor can portray a character if they're very good — they can transcend race with that,” said McKneely.
Burns turned to research — and the experiences of their Puerto Rican co-stars — in order to better understand the role.
“That's one of the things that makes acting what it is, is that I get to step into someone else's shoes with experiences that I have not personally experienced and get to tell their story. There's definitely a lot of research and prep that goes into that,” they said.
WHERE ART THOU
Ask either Burns or Hack which scene is the most impactful, the most resonant, and they'll both have the same response: the balcony scene.
“After Tony and Maria meet for the first time, they have that entire scene where they can completely be immersed in each other without having to worry about anyone else around,” said Hack.
“Every aspect of it — between the orchestra playing behind us, the lyrics, the words, how everything moves together, it's just such a beautiful scene.”
Don't miss it!
Tickets to West Side Story, starting from Dh250, are available from dubaiopera.com.
Jordy Smith through to round 4 as a shark visits the Corona Open JBay
Jordy Smith through to round 4 as a shark visits the Corona Open JBay
Jordy Smith through to round 4 as a shark visits the Corona Open JBay
The Men's Corona Open JBay continued yesterday with the completion of Round 2 and the first four heats of Round 3 with the added drama of a shark being spotted offshore.
Jordy Smith, the lone South African left in the contest dominated proceedings with a hard fought victory over 11 x world champion Kelly Slater in round 2 and they followed this up with a victory over rookie Tomas Hermes in Round 3.
The local favorite made their intentions clear with their powerful carves against the Brazilian. Hermes will be sent home with an Equal 13th place result, while Smith marches on to Round 4.
Just before Smith's Round 3 heat, the spotter plane saw an adult Great White shark offshore between the Kabeljous River and Lower Point.
As per protocol, the contest was stopped and the shark was monitored until it had swum past Boneyards.
The Corona Open JBay has a solid and well-planned system in case of shark incidents, including the previously mentioned Spotter Plane, three jet ski's and a boat in the water and and a land based spotter system.
It is well thought out and decisive. The surfers are covered.
After the shark had moved on, Jordy paddled out and showed the world just how in-depth and innate their knowledge of Supertubes is.
Jordy has two wins behind them at Supers, and a third is totally within their grasp. They dominated the heat, despite Hermes showing good form and approach throughout the day's surfing.
“There's nothing more I want to do this year than win this event,” said Smith.
“This is probably the best feeling I've had in a long time – being home. I just feel relaxed and I am okay with anything.
I am not a frontrunner this year so it is kind of nice to have all that pressure off of my shoulders. I just really enjoy being home.”
The WSL Commissioner's Office will reconvene this morning at 7:45 a.m to reassess conditions and make the next call.
Surfline, forecast partner of the WSL, is calling for:
Medium size, overlapping SW to SSW swells will move in on Wednesday with generally favorable wind.
A larger SW to SSW swell should build through Thursday afternoon before fading on Friday.
A partially to heavily shadowed and modest size WSW/SW swell looks increasingly likely for the 8th-9th, although wind may be onshore.
Men's Corona Open J-Bay Remaining Round 2 (H3-12) Results:
Heat 3: Michel Bourez (PYF) 12.16 def. Miguel Pupo (BRA) 11.50
Heat 4: Jordy Smith (ZAF) 14.33 def. Kelly Slater (USA) 11.74
Heat 5: Owen Wright (AUS) 14.26 def. Ian Gouveia (BRA) 14.23
Heat 6: Adrian Buchan (AUS) 13.33 def. Michael February (ZAF) 12.50
Heat 7: Michael Rodrigues (BRA) 14.47 def. Keanu Asing (HAW) 10.70
Heat 8: Wade Carmichael (AUS) 16.14 def. Joan Duru (FRA) 11.34
Heat 9: Adriano de Souza (BRA) 13.80 def. Patrick Gudauskas (USA) 12.77
Heat 10: Mikey Wright (AUS) 16.17 def. Jesse Mendes (BRA) 15.26
Heat 11: Connor O'Leary (AUS) 17.16 def. Ezekiel Lau (HAW) 13.57
Heat 12: Tomas Hermes (BRA) 14.07 def. Matt Wilkinson (AUS) 13.30
Men's Corona Open J-Bay Round 3 (H1-4) Results:
Heat 1: Joel Parkinson (AUS) 16.87 def. Michel Bourez (PYF) 15.80
Heat 2: Conner Coffin (USA) 16.57 def. Adrian Buchan (AUS) 15.30
Heat 3: Jordy Smith (ZAF) 14.07 def. Tomas Hermes (BRA) 12.63
Heat 4: Frederico Morais (PRT) 15.67 def. Kolohe Andino (USA) 14.53
Men's Corona Open J-Bay Remaining Round 3 (H5-12) Matchups:
Heat 5: Jeremy Flores (FRA) vs. Wade Carmichael (AUS)
Heat 6: Julian Wilson (AUS) vs. Wiggolly Dantas (BRA)
Heat 7: Filipe Toledo (BRA) vs. Yago Dora (BRA)
Heat 8: Michael Rodrigues (BRA) vs. Adriano de Souza (BRA)
Heat 9: Owen Wright (AUS) vs. Sebastian Zietz (HAW)
Heat 10: Willian Cardoso (BRA) vs. Kanoa Igarashi (JPN)
Heat 11: Griffin Colapinto (USA) vs. Mikey Wright (AUS)
Heat 12: Gabriel Medina (BRA) vs. Connor O'Leary (AUS)
The Women's Corona Open J-Bay event window will open Friday, July 6.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
More
Google
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Tumblr
Family calls for inquest into Gloriavale teen's death
Prayer Ready, 14, died in 2015, after choking on their dinner while shut in a room with their family.
In 2007, Sibia's son died in their arms – a shattering experience that no parent should have to go through. They said: “The day after I buried him, the police arrested me and tried to send me to jail.”
Questioned about their motivation for writing this memoir, Sibia explained: “I hope to encourage youth to read more – to stop the killing amongst our young, the crime that plagues our community at the moment and disrespect that's going on right now and just generally do better. I also want the older generation to fix up and be the foundation they want their children to build on. I think this is why youth don't respect their elders anymore.”
Launched in April 2016, A Product of My Environment has already racked up several rave reviews on Amazon. And at the time of writing, the book was listed at # 81 in the True Crime category. One reader wrote, “Reading this book gave me great admiration for Chris who decided to give their audience an insight into the harsh reality of growing up in urban areas situated around London. An autobiography it may be but also a mirror reflection for most in the black community and for that, I am so grateful to Chris for taking the opportunity to tell ‘our' story in its rawest form. I will wait with great anticipation for part two.”
A Product of My Environment is witty, gritty and humorous. It offers a real eye opener for those who want some insight into the other side of London and the tough choices many youths have to make on a daily basis. Although this is Sibia's first book, it most certainly will not be their last as Part II is set to be released later this year.  They are also working on another project that will also be coming out under their own publishing company – London's Finest Distribution.
A Product of My Environment Part I is available on Kindle and Paperback format on Amazon for a retail price of £3.99 and £9.99, respectively.
Net proceeds from the family-friendly event will benefit the park and its activity groups
Elings Park, the country's largest privately funded public park, is hosting its first-ever Day of Play Festival from noon to 4 p.m. Sunday.
The Day of Play will feature food and attractions, including a rock climbing wall, three bounce houses, carnival booths, face painters, henna tattoo artists, food trucks, a beer garden and music provided by five local bands of young, emerging artists.
All net proceeds will be split between the park's activity groups and the nonprofit park. Attendees can earmark which activity group they wish to support through an innovative ticketing system via the park's website.
Tickets for the attractions can be pre-purchased online for a substantial discount. Activity tickets sold on the day of the event will be $1 each.
Groups benefiting from the Day of Play include AYSO, Santa Barbara Lacrosse, the Santa Barbara Soccer Club, BMX, paragliders, rugby, softball and Santa Barbara Flyers.
The bands playing include Conor Patrick, Courtney O'Donnell, The Balladiers, False Puppet and Haddon Cord.
Food trucks include O Street Truck, Lickety Split's, The Burger Bus, Road Dogs, Green & Tasty, Thai On a Truck and Woodfire Pizza.
Sponsors include Giffin & Crane General Contractors, Atherton Lane, Bartlett, Pringle & Wolf, Bryant & Sons, Buynak & Fauver, Flowers & Associates and Jordano's.
Beloved by many, Elings Park is a working model of how parks can be operated for the benefit of the public without the use of tax dollars. Elings Park is the 2011 recipient of Santa Barbara Beautiful's award for Open Space.
— Bruce Giffin represents sponsor Giffin & Crane.
Paul Weller will play Belfast's and Dublin next year, it was announced this morning.
The 'Modfather' has lined up dates at the Olympia Theatre (February 13) and Ulster Hall (February 15).
Tickets for all dates go on sale at 9am this Friday, June 16 and are available in person at the Ulster Hall Box Office or phone: 028 9033 4455
Book online: www.waterfront.co.uk
Tickets can also be obtained at Ticketmaster outlets nationwide, by phone (24 Hour): Northern Ireland - 0844 277 44 55 or online: www.ticketmaster.ie
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A jury has been sent out to decide if a former Royal Navy seaman from Derby killed a young father by punching them in the city's Market Place.
Judge Nirmal Shant QC, summing up to the eight women and four men, told them there there was “no issue” that Richard Last delivered the blow that led to Oliver Falivena's death.
But they said they must decide whether the 32-year-old used force that was “more than reasonable to defend himself” when they did so.
Last, of Bridgeside Way, Spondon, is on trial for the manslaughter of Mr Falivena.  They are alleged to have caused the death of the 22-year-old during a bank holiday night out in August 2016.
They deny the charge and claims they were acting in self-defence when they punched Mr Falivena on August 29.
In their summing up, Judge Shant said: “There is no issue that the defendant used force on Oliver Falivena which caused their death.
“But you need to decide: are you sure they used more force than was reasonable to defend himself?”
The jury has been told that Last was out with members of their football team on the night of the incdient.
They and their friends were heading to the Walkabout bar with two women they had met earlier that night.
They came across Mr Falivena, of Alvaston, and the group of people they were with.
A confrontation occurred between the two groups, during which Mr Falivena was hit by Last and then hit their head on the ground.
They were taken to the Queen's Medical Centre in Nottingham where they died eight days later on September 6 after suffering a cardiac arrest.
The prosecution claim that Last was not acting in self-defence and that they knocked down Mr Falivena, who has a daughter called Eve who was three at the time of their father's death, with “one solid blow”.
But Last previously told the jury at Derby Crown Court they felt threatened and had to make a “split second decision”.
In summing up the evidence, Judge Shant said: “He told you that ‘from first to last, they [Mr Falivena] rushed me'.
“He told you: ‘I was not the aggressor, I had three people around me and I had a split second to make a decision.'"
Last, who the court heard spent more than six years serving in the Royal Navy, now works as a maintenance engineer.
Summing up their case, their defence barrister, Gregor Purcell, previously told the court: “Richard Last did not go out that night to kill someone. They were on their way home. They were going to the taxi rank when it happened.
“This is a tragedy for all involved. Nobody intended this to happen. Nobody wanted this to happen.”
The trial continues.
MEXICO CITY (AP) — Mexican President-elect Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador is promising that jobless youths, the elderly and Mexico's business sector will be the biggest beneficiaries of their first year in office.
Lopez Obrador is pledging to pay the salaries of apprentices employed by Mexican companies as part of a $5 billion packages of scholarships and job training.
The once-fiery leftist met with Mexican business people on Wednesday and pledged another $2 billion to extend and increase old-age supplementary payments to the elderly nationwide.
Lopez Obrador said the two programs will be the central themes of their first year in office. They said the $7.5 billion package will be paid for by government cost-cutting, "even if we are left without a shirt on our backs."
Advertisement
Lopez Obrador was elected in a landslide Sunday.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mo Salah is closing in on Manchester City star Kevin De Bruyne in the odds to be named PFA Player of the Year 2018.
The Belgian midfielder is favourite at 8/13 with Skybet but the incredible form of Salah has closed the odds.
De Bruyne, who has been in incredible form for City, had been as short as 1/5 with Unibet to secure the title a month ago.
However, Salah, who has scored 28 goals already this season, is now considered a 6/4 shot with many bookies.
Harry Kane, David Silva and David De Gea are considered the next most likely to win.
De Bruyne is having the season of their young life, but their Premier League statistics are very impressive.
Of the 90 matches they have played to date, they have won 58 and scored 20 goals.
They have also made 39 assists.
Mohamed Salah is having an incredible first season, having already been involved in more than 25 goals for Liverpool.
Perennial top scorer Harry Kane already has 22 goals this season for Tottenham.
Cause and effect aren't much of a mystery if you break your leg. In fact it's usually immediately obvious.
Emotional injuries aren't quite so straightforward.
Many people come into therapy expecting, or even fearing, an exercise in talking about the past in detail; conversations focused on childhood memories and past struggles. Yet, in contrast to this most people actually come to therapy because something is going wrong in their life right now.
Perhaps one of the most readily accepted of all Freud's ideas is that of the unconscious: that we can be upset and distressed in ways we don't fully understand, and that certain behaviours may happen without us being clear about why we're acting in such a manner.
Advertisement
Take anger, for example. We're all pretty used to the idea we can be just "taking it out" on others when we're actually upset about something completely different, such as how you get angry when your partner has stacked the dishwasher wrong AGAIN and they look at you and ask, "What's really going on?"
Psychotherapy recognises there is often a difference between the "symptom" and the underlying struggle, conflict, past grief or trauma: that pain and suffering of the past finds echoes of itself in the present. Our emotional life is really just a collection of moments and experiences that can easily be awakened by similar events, even if we're not consciously aware of being reminded.
Of course, if it was that straightforward, we wouldn't need psychotherapy. As it happens, however, we all need a helping hand to see these patterns, these repetitions, that are beyond just needing to change our automatic thoughts, or simply learning to meditate.
In fact, for some people in overwhelming situations - stress, grief or trauma - these tools can be very useful, in fact they may be enough on their own. The distress isn't a symptom, it's just the present that is causing the problems.
But when we run headlong into a deeper pain - the echoes of the past - then symptoms that are harder to understand show up, overwhelming anxiety, obsessions, compulsions, addiction, the unrelenting bleakness of depression.
One of the objections I've always had to the "take these pills, and come back in two weeks" approach, is that it provides no meaning. Don't get me wrong medication has it's place, and I happily recommend it, but when it is the first - or only - treatment offered, it helps us understand nothing about why.
Because ultimately we're all writing a story, every day of our life, with ourselves at the centre. Therapy helps us re-write that story, beginning, middle and to be left more in charge of the ending.
And just like any story, we don't start a novel in the middle, nothing would make sense. We start at the beginning.
JEFFERSON CITY (AP) — Senate Democrats are waging a filibuster against a Republican proposal to require a photo ID to vote in Missouri.
The Senate took up the bill Monday night after Republicans tabled it last week following several hours of debate.
Democrats said requiring a photo ID to vote is an effort to disenfranchise minority and low-income voters. Republicans say the measure would cut down on fraud.
Missouri Republicans have sought to tighten voting requirements for more than a decade. The Missouri Supreme Court ruled in 2006 that requiring a photo ID to vote was unconstitutional, and Democratic Gov. Jay Nixon in 2011 vetoed another photo-identification bill.
The House passed the bill in January with enough votes to override a veto and passed a proposed constitutional amendment to allow such a law, necessary because of the Supreme Court's ruling.
ZAMBOANGA CITY — Security forces held nearly 150 tribal members on their way to a meeting in Sindangan town in the southern Philippine province of Zamboanga del Norte, organizers said.
Nenita Condez, Secretary-General of the indigenous organization called Salabukan Nok G'Taw Subanen or “Nagkaisang Mamamayang Subanen”, said they were worried about the safety and welfare of their members who were intercepted on Monday. They said police officers and soldiers stopped the group while heading to the venue of their meeting in the town.
“We are worried about them. They were being held against their will,” Condez told The Manila Times.
They said security forces were suspecting or accusing natives as either members or supporters of communist armed group New People's Army (NPA).
They strongly denied the suspicion of the police and military but claimed soldiers were allegedly harassing tribal members.
“We are organizing the meeting to seek support from President Rodrigo Duterte or the provincial and municipal governments to help us by providing aid to our poor members who are mostly farmers affected by recent calamities in the province. We are [in]need of seeds and other agricultural assistance from the government,” Condez said.
They said local governments have failed to assist farmers despite repeated pleas. “We are also asking the government to provide our people the needed medical assistance or even a medical or humanitarian mission,” they said, adding, a medicine donation from Bishop Antonio Ablon, of the Diocese of Pagadian City, was also confiscated by Army soldiers in Sindangan town.
Condez said the medicines, mostly for cough and flu, and vitamins, were intended for children and elderly members of the Subanen tribe. They said their group, which was originally founded in the 1990s, was working for the welfare of the tribal communities in Zamboanga Peninsula.
Ricky Gandoy, one of the members of the group in Sindangan, has appealed to the government to investigate the continued harassment of tribesmen by soldiers. “We are just ordinary and poor farmers, and yet the soldiers are always harassing us, accusing us of being rebels or sympathizers of the NPA which is not true. We need help, we are hungry,” they said in a separate interview.
There was no immediate statement from the police and military about the allegations of the Subanen leaders.
The weekend hits and misses.
1) Miss - Batting Colin de Grandhomme at number seven
Okay, Mike Hesson is a genius. He's got a lot of cred. The New Zealand cricket record has gone into orbit under coach Hesson, which is where the ball was going when Colin De Grandhomme got hold of it at the Sydney Cricket Ground during a horrible defeat to the Aussies.
Which brings us to...Colin de Grandhomme. What the heck was New Zealand's favourite power hitter doing parked at number seven in the batting order? Mike Hesson - are you nuts?
Advertisement
Batting CDG at seven in T20 is like bringing Rieko Ioane on at halftime, or using Tom Hanks as an extra.
2) Hit - Colin de Grandhomme
They were like a beacon in a blackout on Saturday night. CDG put the ball into the upper reaches of the SCG with what looked like a little pitching wedge shot. He's seriously strong, but the timing is fabulous.
CDG is the surprising find of the season, a second-chance late international bloomer with a booming bat. They have, remember, the second fastest test century by a Kiwi behind world record holder Brendon McCullum. As for the rest of the Black Caps — don't they want IPL contracts?
3) Hit - The South African sevens team
South African rugby is a bit of a shambles yet their sevens team is at complete odds with that image. At least someone knows what they are doing over there. World rugby needs a strong South Africa, and the sevens outfit gives a bit of hope.
Fans at the Hamilton sevens. Photo / Photosport
4) Hit - The sevens tournament in Hamilton
Time to toe the party line here and be Absolutely Positively Hamilton. I've got no idea if the tournament will turn out to be a long term success, and remember that the tournament was once a well-run hit in Wellington before hitting the skids. Maybe these things have a natural life span. But for now, it looks reasonably promising in the Tron. A fresh start, fresh prospects and well done to those who have taken all the risks to keep a vibrant sevens tournament in this country.
5) Miss - David Kidwell and NZ Rugby League
There are some nifty yarns coming out of the New Zealand league review on why the Kiwis were so goddam awful in the World Cup. Chief among them is that the communal marae living designed to develop team culture ran into issues because of...(drum roll)...snoring. Here's where league is missing the point. It doesn't need a review to know that coach David Kidwell isn't up to the Kiwis job. A lot of us knew that before the tournament. They have no record as a head coach AT ALL. What the New Zealand Rugby League should have done is sack Kidwell immediately, then put all of this effort into finding the new coach. The simple fact is this: New Zealand does not produce enough top league coaches to make appointing a New Zealander mandatory. David Kidwell was a failure in waiting.
6) Miss - All Blacks residency rule
Come on guys. Let's be honest - New Zealand rugby's All Black residency rule is a gone-burger. The media is reporting that the Kremlin will allow players to take "sabbaticals" with "select clubs" before returning to the Holy Land, in other words the All Blacks' World Cup campaigns. To put it more plainly, they are scrapping the hard-and-fast residency rule for the favoured few, or maybe more than a few. The residency rule was always unsustainable, when up against the forces of overseas money and New Zealand rugby's desperation to be world champions. One day, there will be no restrictions at all. Someone really good, of Dan Carter's ability and superstardom, will take NZR on and then it will be all over rover. New Zealand rugby has retained remarkable control over its very best players thanks to the power of All Black selection, and helped to a large degree (in my opinion) by a few compliant and influential managers. But this won't last forever - you can absolutely bet on it.
7) Miss - All those religious signals from try scorers at the sevens in Hamilton
It's a sports tournament, not a religious festival. Players should leave their religious beliefs at home. Players who thank their god after winning matches p!@@ me off. Or am I being unkind?
Tom Brady. Photo / Getty Images
8) Hit - Tom Brady
Let's (conveniently) forget about the 'deflategate' scandal and celebrate the prospect of a 40-year-old leading their team to a Super Bowl victory (although I have a sneaky feeling the Philadelphia Eagles will win on Monday afternoon).
9) Hit - Neil Sorensen
Steve Tew's number two at New Zealand Rugby gave an excellent interview to Newstalk ZB's Mark Watson around the next All Black coaching appointment. Sorensen has the common touch, and their relative openness often seems at odds with the general NZR demeanour. From a public and media perspective, there appears to be a bit of yin and yang involved with Tew and Sorensen.
10) Miss - The cricket schedule
Having popped into view at the SCG over the weekend, the Black Caps go into recess until Tuesday next week when they meet England in their next Tri-Series match, in Wellington. Series against the West Indies and Pakistan didn't really capture the public's imagination. The best is yet to come thankfully, but cricket has failed to gather momentum so far this summer.
11) Miss - The English Premier League poverty protest
A Manchester City "slip" has seen their lead narrow to a mere 13 points over Manchester United. City are in a grumpy mood, mind you, over bad tackles on their players this season, which is probably why manager Pep Gardiola only named six (instead of seven) reserves in the draw with Burnley. Like Manchester City have run out of players? They may be right about the tackles, but this is a petulant act from a club with reportedly the richest squad in world football valued around $2b in transfer value.
To get the day's top sports stories in your inbox, sign up to our newsletter here
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism Pause
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam
2:52 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
2:06 Mayor, residents react to Wal-Mart's decision to not build a store in Atascadero
1:29 Hiking Boucher Trail at Piedras Blancas
1:44 SLO County rock climbers take on Cabrillo Peak
0:28 Atascadero Creek threatens nearby home
A motorcyclist has died following a collision with a car in Buncrana, Co Donegal.
The man in their 50s was killed when their motorcyle was involved in a collision with a car at Castleforward, on the main Burnfoot to Buncrana Road (R238) at 5.30pm on Wednesday.
They were taken to Altnagelvin Area Hospital in Derry and was pronounced dead a short time later.
The male driver of the car was not injured.
The coroner has been notified and a post-mortem examination will be carried out.
The road is currently closed to facilitate Garda forensic collision investigators and diversions are in place.
Gardaí appealed for witnesses to contact Buncrana Garda Station on 074-9320540, the Garda Confidential Telephone Line 1800 666 111 or any Garda Station.
Twenty people were arrested Wednesday in a multi-agency drug-enforcement sweep in the Santa Maria Valley, according to the Santa Maria Police Department.
Santa Maria officers worked with the Santa Barbara Regional Narcotic Enforcement Team, the county Sheriff's and Probation departments, and the FBI to conduct “street enforcement saturation sweeps” targeting narcotics offenders, said police Sgt. Jack Dunn.
“Subjects arrested were charged with possession of controlled substances, under the influence of controlled substances, and probation/parole violations,” Dunn said.
The sweep was aimed at reducing the number of narcotics-related crimes in the city, Dunn said.
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Japan's prime minister has called for a peaceful resolution of tensions involving North Korea but also urged pressure on Pyongyang to force it to abandon its military nuclear program.
“It is a matter of paramount importance for us to seek diplomatic efforts as well as peaceable settlements of the issue,” Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said Tuesday before a luncheon with the United States' visiting Vice President Mike Pence in Tokyo.
“At the same time, dialog for the sake of dialog is valueless and (it) is necessary for us to exercise pressure,” they added, however.
Tensions have increasingly ratcheted up between North Korea and the US in recent weeks. The US has been unnerved by North Korea's advancing missile and nuclear programs and has dispatched a military strike group to the Korean Peninsula. Pyongyang has said it is ready for war.
The prospects of a potential military confrontation have concerned regional countries, including powerhouse China, and Japan, which has nevertheless been in the anti-Pyongyang camp.
Pence said Washington would work closely with Japan and its allies for a peaceful resolution of the tensions but threatened Pyongyang with military action.
“The era of strategic patience is over and while all options are on the table, President [Donald] Trump is determined to work closely with Japan, with South Korea, with all our allies in the region and with China to achieve a peaceable resolution and the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula,” they said.
Pence arrived in Tokyo earlier in the day on the second leg of their Asian tour. They visited South Korea — another adversary of North Korea — earlier in the trip.
The remarks came a day after North Korea threatened the US with “all-out war” and announced that Pyongyang would continue to test missiles on a weekly basis.
Pyongyang believes its missile and nuclear programs act as deterrence against a potential invasion by its adversaries, particularly the US.
The US has military forces in South Korea on a permanent basis, and routinely threatens the North with military action.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Uber says it has suspended all its self-driving testing after what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian crash involving its vehicles.
The self-driving testing has been taking place in Phoenix, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto.
Police in the Phoenix suburb of Tempe said one of Uber's self-driving vehicles struck and killed a pedestrian on Sunday night.
Investigators said the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman was hit.
They died in hospital.
(Image: PA)
Uber chief executive Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on their Twitter account and said the company is working with local police on the investigation.
The federal government has voluntary guidelines for companies that want to test autonomous vehicles, leaving much of the regulation up to states.
The Department of Transportation is considering other voluntary guidelines it says will help foster innovation, but transportation secretary Elaine Chaos has said technology and motor companies need to allay public fears of self-driving vehicles, citing a poll showing that 78% fear riding in them.
The number of states considering legislation related to autonomous vehicles has gradually increased each year, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
In 2017 alone, 33 states introduced legislation.
California is among those that require manufacturers to report any incidents to the motor vehicle department during the testing phase. As of early March, the agency had received 59 reports.
SOUTHWEST MIAMI-DADE, FLA. (WSVN) - Police are investigating after a Florida Highway Patrol cruiser was damaged with a bullet hole on the side.
Officials said a trooper came under fire on the Florida Turnpike, last Tuesday night.
The trooper was driving northbound on the turnpike near Southwest 288th Street, when somebody opened fired.
FHP Lt. Alex Camacho described the scene to 7News.
“The trooper themselves told me that they heard approximately five gunfire shots go off near him,” said Camacho.
Camacho said the trooper behind the wheel is lucky to be alive.
“He could have absolutely been killed, if not severely injured,” said Camacho.
FHP said this case is a top priority.
While the investigation is in the early stages, officials believe this was a deliberate attempt to take a trooper's life.
“We can't rule out a malicious attack on law enforcement,” said Camacho.
The trooper's car remains in the impound lot.
Police believe the bullet came from somebody in a vehicle, either at the grassy median or by the exit ramp.
“It's very important for us to find this individual, who took several shots at the trooper,” said Trooper Joe Sanchez. “This is an attempted murder on a police officer.”
If you have any information on this shooting, call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-TIPS. Remember, you can always remain anonymous, and you may be eligible for a $1,000 reward.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Michael Oliver will referee the FA Cup final between Manchester United and Chelsea.
The Football Association announced on Tuesday that the 33-year-old from Durham would take charge of the showpiece match at Wembley, which will kick off at 5.15pm on Saturday, May 19.
In the recent Champions League quarter-final second leg between Real Madrid and Juventus, Oliver awarded a disputed injury-time penalty before also sending off Italian goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon for their furious protests.
Following the fall-out from the tie, which the Spaniards won after Cristiano Ronaldo converted the spot-kick, both Oliver and their wife Lucy were targets of abuse by social media trolls.
Oliver will be assisted by Lee Betts and Ian Hussin, with Lee Mason appointed as the fourth official.
“I was very proud and humbled to receive the phone call. When you start out, taking charge of the (FA) Cup final is not something you even think about,” Oliver said on the FA's website.
“As your career progresses it becomes a realistic target, but it's not a call you ever expect to take, but it is a great one. This opportunity only comes around once in a referee's career.”
The FA also confirmed the video assistant referee would again be in place, with Neil Swarbrick and Mick McDonough watching from Stockley Park.
Chairman of the FA Referees' Committee David Elleray backed Oliver to be able to handle what is expected to also be a lively encounter on the touchline between rival managers Jose Mourinho and Antonio Conte.
“Over a number of years, Michael has shown that they have a wise and calm head on relative youthful shoulders and they are an excellent role model for young referees,” said Elleray, themselves the FA Cup final referee in 1994.
“Michael has shown that they are capable of controlling the most important matches in Europe, and in England, and we have every confidence that they and their team will enhance what promises to be an enthralling encounter.”
Both Manchester United and Chelsea will receive some 28,000 tickets for the final, which represents around 80 per cent of the seats available at the national stadium.
Ticket prices will range from £45 to £145 for adults, with concessions also available.
The FA confirmed Chelsea fans would occupy the east end of Wembley, with United in the west end, which has been “determined by the travel requirements of the majority of each club's supporters”.
– PA
Share it:
Don't Miss
同意 AGREE
如果您繼續閱讀，視同您同意我們隱私條款。This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By clicking agree you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy..
A Goblin, Mike Maqobola, alleged to have been leading a gang of invisible beings in terrorising Cowdray Park residents, has finally been captured in a two-hour dramatic Nigerian movie style exorcism.
Maqobola and their gang were allegedly assaulting residents, sodomising and raping women from the suburb.
Residents yesterday expressed mixed feeling over the dramatic cleansing ceremony, with some believing the “supernatural battle” had ended while some alleged that the whole ritual was staged.
A group of seven prophets led by prophet Lazarus Siziba from Holy Spirit Apostolic Church teamed up to hunt down the goblins around 11AM, with scores of people curiously waiting for the goblin to be captured.
On Tuesday night, the team held an all night vigil as they prayed and sang in preparation for yesterday's ritual.
At one of the houses where goblins were said to be, a chicken was used to “trap” Maqobola, who is alleged to have been surviving on eggs and chicken.
The goblin hunters also used empty beer bottles whose part in the ritual was not explained
Residents who had thronged the house to witness the capture of the goblin, ran away in different directions when the prophets came out of the house speaking in a strange language.
The crew appeared to be struggling with a creature which they had wrapped in a doormat.
They told the people that they had killed the creature's spirit and thereafter moved to the next house.
Strange things wrapped with coloured beads were retrieved from the two houses.
One of the things looked like an oversized dildo, another looked like the head of a monkey while the third had feathers like a bird.
The prophets said the goblins did not belong to the house owners but were just kept at their houses.
They refused to name the goblin owners saying the crowd might attack them.
The crowd which had retreated in fear, rushed forward to view the goblins.
One of the house owners who looked shocked, denied owning goblins and demanded that the prophets expose the owner.
“They said the goblin was not mine but they have failed to tell us who the owner is. I don't even understand what they did at my house but now I want them to clarify who owns the goblins. I don't own goblins,” they said.
The house owner said they suspected the act was staged.
“The ritual was supposed to start at 8AM but it was delayed up to 11AM with no explanation. These people were still planning how to go about their bogus act. I believe the creatures they are showing us were brought from somewhere just to deceive us,” they said.
The second house owner said the prophets were fake because they had been to their house before the ritual and had not talked about goblins.
“I do not have goblins. The problem is that these prophets once came to my house but did not talk about goblins. The question is why now? I am still confused because they can't name the owner. If they were genuine Siziba would have foreseen that they were goblins in my house,” they said.
Some residents said they were not satisfied with the ritual as they expected to see live creatures.
“They have done whatever they did but we are not satisfied with what we saw here. We are just seeing these lifeless objects said to be goblins. These objects could have been brought from somewhere by these prophets.,” said Mr Message Mutara.
Some residents however said they were looking forward to peaceful nights if indeed Maqobola had been destroyed.
Goblins have, since 2015, been allegedly tormenting residents living in the Garikai section of Cowdray Park by stoning their houses or anyone who walked at night and they were also “raping” women.
In October last year, Cowdray Park residents were relieved after prophet Siziba destroyed a goblin named ‘Ernest Ndlovu.'
However, the peace was short-lived as Maqobola surfaced this year and forced some residents to flee their houses after allegedly vandalising their property. Chronicle
Fanatical followers can routinely recite the first-choice All Blacks team. It may, then, surprise that they haven't selected the same starting line-up in successive matches for almost two years, since the last World Cup final.
Around bar leaners; over stubbies and simply from the comfort of the couch, discussing selections was an age old past time well before Winston Peters launched their political career.
Every New Zealand rugby follower has a firm view on who should play where and when. Debates rage along domestic allegiances but, take the bias away, and it is usually clear who the All Blacks prefer in most positions.
Sonny Bill Williams is their favoured second five-eighth; Sam Cane the openside, Liam Squire now to blindside, Aaron Smith the halfback... and on it goes. The team that plays the Springboks in Cape Town on Sunday morning (NZT) is their strongest available.
Advertisement
Selection is never as simple as rolling out the best team, though. Not in the modern era. Rugby is a combative, brutal sport. Injuries occur. Suspensions, sabbaticals, rotation all play their part in the week-to-week puzzle.
Rest and rotation was vilified in the wake of the All Blacks' disastrous quarterfinal exit at the 2007 World Cup. Lessons have, clearly, been absorbed about how this strategy was carried out and taken to the extreme. What we are now witnessing appears an evolution of that initial ideology.
This is why despite losing over 800 test caps post the 2015 World Cup, the All Blacks were not as vulnerable as many predicted; not forced to start again. Things largely carried on as normal last year because extensive work had been put into grooming deputies.
Building depth remains an on-going challenge, one that has been a clear and obvious goal for Steve Hansen and their management group. To this point, they have managed it brilliantly, dropping two games in two years while navigating unexpected deflections and developing a host of talented players.
Analysis from the Herald shows the extent the All Blacks have gone in attempts to create two or three options in each position.
They made an average of 4.7 starting changes (67 in total) across 14 tests in 2016. On the bench, they averaged 2.7 tweaks in the same period. That's seven or eight squad changes per match.
To this same stage last year, the All Blacks made 3.6 changes per-test. This year, after one more game against Samoa where they made one starting change the following week, Hansen has stepped that up to 4.6 changes per test (42 in total).
That will only increase in the coming months, particularly in fixtures against the Barbarians and a mid-week French XV where experimentation is certain.
Comparing Rugby Championships alone, the All Blacks have made 14 more starting changes (28 in six games) and one more on the bench this year than last.
Some of those were injury enforced - losing starting front-rowers Owen Franks and Joe Moody is not something the All Blacks planned on. Yet in step Kane Hames and Nepo Laulala.
The majority of those changes are, however, made for development or workload reasons. These figures also reveal just how comfortable the All Blacks are against the likes of the Pumas, who are now viewed with long-term goals in mind and welcomed as a chance to blood players and build valuable experience.
Stats from Sky Sport commentator Scotty Stevenson reveal the All Blacks have used 36 players in this year's Rugby Championship - six more than Argentina and five more than Australia and South Africa.
More players equal greater depth. Prior to the second test against the Boks, only nine All Blacks played in all five games.
This year the All Blacks have seamlessly promoted David Havili, Vaea Fifita, Ngani Laumape and Jordie Barrett. Last year Damian McKenzie, Rieko Ioane, Anton Lienert-Brown, Squire, Scott Barrett, Ofa Tu'ungafasi and Hames joined the ranks.
All now feature regularly, and deepen the pool of tested talent ultimately competing for the 2019 World Cup squad.
On the workload front, for the first time this year Hansen took a calculated gamble by leaving Brodie Retallick, Sam Whitelock, Cane, Squire, Ryan Crotty and Lima Sopoaga home from the trip to Buenos Aires to mitigate fatigue.
Vice-captain Ben Smith, on a five month break away from the game, is another example of preserving senior figures.
Others such as Whitelock loathe being spelled. If it was up to them they would front. But with the amount of rugby and taxing travel top players now endure, it is impossible to play every week with the same degree of consistency without inevitably breaking down.
Over time the All Blacks have realised rotation is necessary to avoid hitting the wall come the end of year tour, as they did in their final test against France in Paris last season.
Amid constant change, building continuity and cohesion can be difficult. But against their traditional Southern Hemisphere foes, the All Blacks always seem two steps ahead.
All Blacks rotation:
2016:
67 starting changes in 14 tests
38 bench changes
2017:
42 starting changes in nine tests
23 bench changes
Rugby Championship:
2016:
14 starting changes
17 bench changes
2017:
28 starting changes
18 bench changes
HONE SIAME, Lusaka
PRESIDENT Edgar Lungu's vision of making mealie meal prices affordable for all Zambians has gained momentum with 1,200 solar-powered milling plants installed countrywide, out of 2,000.
Zambia Cooperative Federation (ZCF) cooperative development manager Godfrey Munyoro says that the process of installing the remaining 800 milling plants is underway.
Mr Munyoro said in an interview that the installation of hammer mills demonstrates President Lungu's commitment to reducing the cost of living through the provision of cheaper mealie meal to… http://epaper.daily-mail.co.zm/
The Supreme Court has refused to allow business person Denis O'Brien leave to challenge a Court of Appeal rejection of their attempt to get discovery against Red Flag Consulting.
Three judges of the court, led by the Chief Justice, Mr Justice Frank Clarke, ruled that Mr O'Brien had failed to surpass the threshold for their case to be admitted for consideration. The threshold is that the matter at issue must be one of general importance.
“This case does not involve anything more than the application of well-established principles to the facts of this case,” read the determination, which was considered also by Mr Justice John McMenamin and Ms Justice Elizabeth Dunne. “On that basis, the court is not satisfied that the constitutional threshold is met and will refuse leave to appeal.”
Since the establishment of the Court of Appeal, under the 33rd Amendment to the Constitution, the Supreme Court has taken the view that only matters of exceptional importance should come before it, a position the three judges noted had now “been considered in a large number of determinations”.
Upholding decision
Mr O'Brien was seeking to appeal a Court of Appeal ruling, upholding an earlier High Court decision, refusing to give them discovery against Red Flag Consulting.
Mr O'Brien asserts Red Flag has been involved in a criminal conspiracy to damage them and their business interests and is suing for defamation.
However, the High Court ruled that Mr O'Brien had failed to prove that a dossier of material about him, assembled by Red Flag, had ever been published. The court also criticised Mr O'Brien for failing to explain adequately how they came to be in possession of the dossier.
The Court of Appeal upheld the High Court ruling, and last October, Mr O'Brien appealed to decision to the Supreme Court.
In its determination, the Supreme Court said there was “considerable merit in the criticism” that matters set out by Mr O'Brien in their application “go well beyond matters which were the subject of findings by the trial court”.
New research led by a Trinity College Dublin scientist has found immune cells living within body fat can help protect the body against cold.
The findings, overseen by associate professor in immunology Lydia Lynch, could help in the treatment of obesity and various “wasting” conditions.
The discovery involves special immune or “gd T” cells found to live within fat and which regulate body heat and help protect against “cold shock”.
It has led to a new understanding that as well as protecting against infection, these immune cells also help to regulate metabolism.
There are two distinct types of fat - white and brown. White fat primarily stores energy from consumed food, the more of which we don't use, the fatter we get.
On the other hand, brown fat is burned to produce heat, a particularly important function in newborn babies and in protecting against hypothermia.
Gd T cells are normally located at “barrier sites” around the body to combat infection but the study, whose findings are published in the journal Nature Immunology, has located a population of them in fat.
When researchers removed these cells from the fat in mice they found they lost body heat and, in cold environments, died as a result of being unable to regulate their temperature.
“Surprisingly, we found that the immune cells in fat respond to cold temperatures - they play an integral part in regulating thermogenesis by ‘turning on' the burning of white fat, or by stimulating the conversion of white fat into brown fat, which generates the heat required to keep us warm in the cold,” Professor Lynch said of the research.
“This heat generation happens when the lipids in the white fat are burned up, and, when this occurs, weight loss is the chief side effect.”
The findings could have significant effects on research into the treatment of a number of conditions.
For example, with obesity, activating this biological pathway and “kick-starting the body” into burning white fat may induce weight loss, the researchers believe.
In wasting conditions, often associated with cancer or AIDS, switching off the pathway may induce desirable weight gain.
AIB is in early talks to acquire investment and stockbroking firm Investec Ireland, a month after the bailed-out lender exited a European Union state-aid restructuring plan that banned it from doing deals, according to sources.
The 71 per cent state-owned bank, which returned to the main stock markets in Dublin and London last June, is among a number of parties circling the Irish unit of South African financial services group Investec in what sources are describing as a competitive process. However, Investec has not made a definite decision to proceed with a sale of the business.
Spokesmen for AIB and Investec Ireland declined to comment when contacted by The Irish Times on Friday.
Deals
The development comes less than 15 months after the chief executive of Investec in Johannesburg said they were on the hunt for more deals in Ireland, as the company, which bought NCB Stockbrokers in 2012, needed further scale in its Irish wealth and investment management business. However, the fallout from Brexit has forced the group to weigh alternative options for the Irish unit.
Investec entered the Irish market in 2000 when it acquired treasury and corporate banking specialist Gandon Capital Markets. Twelve years later it bought NCB in a deal worth up to €32 million.
The Irish businesses, which employs about 250 people and is led by chief executive Michael Cullen, is involved in private banking, wealth management, capital markets and investment banking.
AIB, where Bernard Byrne is chief executive, exited the stockbroking business at the height of the financial crisis 2011 with the sale of Goodbody Stockbrokers to Kerry-based financial services group Fexco and management and staff in a deal worth €24 million. The acquisition of a securities and investment firm would serve to boost its non-interest income and diversify its profits.
Challenges
A sale of Investec Ireland to a regulated bank in the EU would help it get around challenges posed by Brexit to the business. While the company's Irish wealth management and investment business, Investec Capital & Investments (Ireland), is regulated by the Central Bank in Dublin, the banking unit, Investec Bank plc (Irish Branch), is authorised in the UK, where its immediate parent is based.
It is understood that one potential solution, seeking authorisation as a branch of a non-EU bank under a law change enacted in 2013, has proved difficult as the UK is still a member of the EU.
AIB's three-year EU restructuring plan on foot of a €20.8 billion taxpayer bailout during the financial crisis, which prevented the bank from making acquisitions without getting a derogation from the European Commission, expired at the end of last year. However, the bank would still need clearance from Minister for Finance Paschal Donohoe for any significant deals.
One issue that may scupper a deal is the fact that bailed-out Irish banks are effectively banned from paying bonuses to employees, as they would be subject to a prohibitive 90 per cent tax under the 2011 Finance Act. Performance-related pay is a widespread feature of remuneration in the securities and investment industry.
In this report, the global Pyridine market is valued at USD XX a million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX a million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022.
Geographically, this report split global into several key Regions, with sales K Units, revenue A Million USD, market share and growth rate of Pyridine for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 forecast, covering
• United States
• China
• Europe
• Japan
• Southeast Asia
• India
Global Pyridine market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Pyridine sales volume, Price USD/Unit, revenue A Million USD and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including
• BASF
• Bayer
• Dow Chemical Company
• DuPont
• Mitsubishi Chemical
• Lonza
• Vertellus
• Royal DSM
• Sanonda
• Jubiliant Life Sciences
• Koei Chemical
• Nippon Steel & Sumikin Chemical
• Sinopec Qilu Petrochemical
• Shandong Luba Chemical
• Xinxiang Hengji Chemical
Get More Information about this Report @ http://www.planetmarketreports.com/reports/pyridine-market-9
On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into
• Chemical Synthesized Pyridine
• Coal Tar Extracted Pyridine
On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including
• Agrochemicals
• Pharmaceuticals
• 1Chemical Synthesis
Table of Contents
Global Pyridine Sales Market Report 2017
1 Pyridine Market Overview
1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Pyridine
1.2 Classification of Pyridine by Product Category
1.2.1 Global Pyridine Market Size Sales Comparison by Type 2012-2022
1.2.2 Global Pyridine Market Size Sales Market Share by Type Product Category in 2016
1.2.3 Chemical Synthesized Pyridine
1.2.4 Coal Tar Extracted Pyridine
1.3 Global Pyridine Market by Application/End Users
1.3.1 Global Pyridine Sales Volume and Market Share Comparison by Application 2012-2022
1.3.2 Agrochemicals
1.3.3 Pharmaceuticals
1.3.4 1Chemical Synthesis
1.4 Global Pyridine Market by Region
1.4.1 Global Pyridine Market Size Value Comparison by Region 2012-2022
1.4.2 United States Pyridine Status and Prospect 2012-2022
1.4.3 China Pyridine Status and Prospect 2012-2022
1.4.4 Europe Pyridine Status and Prospect 2012-2022
1.4.5 Japan Pyridine Status and Prospect 2012-2022
1.4.6 Southeast Asia Pyridine Status and Prospect 2012-2022
1.4.7 India Pyridine Status and Prospect 2012-2022
1.5 Global Market Size Value and Volume of Pyridine 2012-2022
1.5.1 Global Pyridine Sales and Growth Rate 2012-2022
1.5.2 Global Pyridine Revenue and Growth Rate 2012-2022
2 Global Pyridine Competition by Players/Suppliers, Type and Application
2.1 Global Pyridine Market Competition by Players/Suppliers
2.1.1 Global Pyridine Sales and Market Share of Key Players/Suppliers 2012-2017
2.1.2 Global Pyridine Revenue and Share by Players/Suppliers 2012-2017
2.2 Global Pyridine Volume and Value by Type
2.2.1 Global Pyridine Sales and Market Share by Type 2012-2017
2.2.2 Global Pyridine Revenue and Market Share by Type 2012-2017
2.3 Global Pyridine Volume and Value by Region
2.3.1 Global Pyridine Sales and Market Share by Region 2012-2017
2.3.2 Global Pyridine Revenue and Market Share by Region 2012-2017
2.4 Global Pyridine Volume by Application
Get a Free Sample copy of this report@ http://www.planetmarketreports.com/report-sample/pyridine-market-9
3 United States Pyridine Volume, Value and Sales Price
3.1 United States Pyridine Sales and Value 2012-2017
3.1.1 United States Pyridine Sales and Growth Rate 2012-2017
3.1.2 United States Pyridine Revenue and Growth Rate 2012-2017
3.1.3 United States Pyridine Sales Price Trend 2012-2017
3.2 United States Pyridine Sales Volume and Market Share by Players
3.3 United States Pyridine Sales Volume and Market Share by Type
3.4 United States Pyridine Sales Volume and Market Share by Application
4 China Pyridine Volume, Value and Sales Price
4.1 China Pyridine Sales and Value 2012-2017
4.1.1 China Pyridine Sales and Growth Rate 2012-2017
4.1.2 China Pyridine Revenue and Growth Rate 2012-2017
4.1.3 China Pyridine Sales Price Trend 2012-2017
4.2 China Pyridine Sales Volume and Market Share by Players
4.3 China Pyridine Sales Volume and Market Share by Type
4.4 China Pyridine Sales Volume and Market Share by Application
5 Europe Pyridine Volume, Value and Sales Price
5.1 Europe Pyridine Sales and Value 2012-2017
5.1.1 Europe Pyridine Sales and Growth Rate 2012-2017
5.1.2 Europe Pyridine Revenue and Growth Rate 2012-2017
5.1.3 Europe Pyridine Sales Price Trend 2012-2017
5.2 Europe Pyridine Sales Volume and Market Share by Players
5.3 Europe Pyridine Sales Volume and Market Share by Type
5.4 Europe Pyridine Sales Volume and Market Share by Application
One person is dead and another was in critical condition Wednesday night, a day after a five-vehicle crash that involved an allegedly DUI driver, according to the Santa Maria Police Department.
Jade Marie Dodson, 18, died at Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital, where they were taken for treatment of major injuries after the collision, which occurred shortly before 7:30 p.m. Tuesday at South Broadway and McCoy Lane, said Sgt. Jesus Valle.
Dodson, who just graduated from Santa Maria High School and was a star member of the school's tennis team, was among three occupants of a Toyota Camry who suffered major injuries, Valle said.
The Camry's driver, a 19-year-old whose name was not released, remained in critical condition at Cottage Wednesday night, while a 7-year-old child passenger was treated for a major laceration to their head, and was expected to recover.
The driver of a Chevrolet pickup truck, Christian Iban Rodriguez Carbajal, 19, of Santa Maria, had minor injuries, and was arrested on charges of vehicular manslaughter, DUI causing injury and reckless driving, Silva said.
Carbajal was booked into Santa Barbara County Jail, with bail set at $1 million.
“The cause of the collision has been determined to be Carbajal's failure to stop for a red light as they were southbound on Broadway at McCoy,” Valle said. “Drugs are suspected to be a factor in the cause of this collision.”
Three other vehicles sustained minor to major damage, but none of those drivers was hurt.
Anyone who may have witnessed the actions of Carbajal's black pickup truck just prior to the collision is urged to contact the Santa Maria Police Department at 805.928,3781.
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
The Junior Men's team member will compete in a road race Saturday in Denmark
San Marcos High School senior Alex Darville will be competing for Team USA at the UCI Road World Championships held in Copenhagen, Denmark, starting Monday and continuing until Sunday.
Darville was named to the Junior Men's team and will race Saturday in a 126-km road race.
This is the first time the UCI Road World Championships have contested a Junior Men's and Junior Women's race. Darville has been competing in various European races the past few months.
 They are the second San Marcos Royal to represent Team USA in cycling. Alumni Adam Duvendeck represented the United States at the 2004 Athens and 2008 Bejing Olympics.
— Aaron Solis is the activities director for San Marcos High School.
- As seen above, the latest WWE Top 10 video features brutal assaults with steel ring steps.
- SmackDown Tag Team Champion Kofi Kingston turns 36 years old today while WWE Hall of Famer Bob Backlund turns 68, WWE NXT Superstar Johnny Gargano turns 30 and wrestling legend Bobby Eaton turns 59.
- The WWE Shop 2 Day Sale is currently running with $15 tanks and tees. As seen below, they also have new Bleacher Creatures, fidget spinners and replica titles on sale. Remember to visit WWE Shop via this link to save on your purchase.
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
Shane Lewis is bringing REAP Food Rescue to the Southern Downs for OzHarvest.
A COMMUNITY-minded food rescue team has started operations in Warwick, committed to helping families doing it tough.
Since the closure earlier in 2017 of the Warwick Food Assist facility, struggling families have had to rely solely on the support of organisations such as St Vincent de Paul and Lifeline, and fortnightly visits from Toowoomba Food Assist - until now.
Long-time community support worker Shane Lewis is bringing REAP Food Rescue to Warwick for OzHarvest.
OzHarvest is the leading food rescue organisation in Australia, collecting quality excess food from commercial outlets and delivering it direct to more than 900 charities that support people in need across Australia.
Since 2004, it has delivered over 60 million meals and saved more than 20,000 tonnes of food from ending up in landfill.
REAP is the organisation's rural food rescue scheme.
Mr Lewis said there were at least 350-450 people in Warwick struggling to eat properly each fortnight.
"A previous organisation in Warwick was handing out over 100 hampers a fortnight, that's a lot of people doing it tough,” they said.
"There are people living within the community who have nothing in the fridge.
"There are kids who go to school without adequate or healthy meals.
"Families may simply not have the money, or they may not understand the importance of nutrition and think that if they have $20, it's just easier to spend it on fast food.”
Mr Lewis found out about REAP through the Young Women's Christian Association in Toowoomba.
They discovered the organisation had no one looking after it on the Southern Downs and offered to take it on.
"I told them I knew of a lot of people struggling but I also had a strong network
of volunteers as well,” they said.
"Some of them have been through all sorts of crap themselves and are rough around the edges, but they're just dying to do something good to make a difference in the community.”
In the six weeks since they and their team of volunteers have started, they have received promises of support and excess foodstuffs from Grove Juice, Carey Bros, Aldi and BP.
Yesterday, Mr Lewis's car was full of collected products, which were then distributed to local service providers and families in need.
"All we want to do is get as much food as we can,” they said.
"As well as giving food out to St Vinnies and other organisations, every fortnight we'll do a hamper day.
"I want these to be a social meeting, where people can come and get a substantial hamper worth $70-$80 for $10 or $15.
"We'll put a sausage sizzle on with tea and coffee and Milo, so people can go home with full bellies.
"And it'll give us a chance to make sure everybody is doing okay - who needs to see a doctor, who needs new shoes.”
Mr Lewis said the process would take a lot of work.
"But it's needed,” they said.
"We rescued 170 loaves of bread a couple of weeks ago.
"These awesome local businesses are doing their part so we can certainly do ours.”
For more information or to find out how to make life easier for Warwick families doing it tough, call Shane on 0466386610.
With an unmatched number of scoops, Brexit has become our most read and commented-on topic since the referendum. Follow key Brexit developments from differing regional perspectives along with expert trusted analysis.
Washington, Michigan, USA – 8 June 2017 – MetroUAV is a Michigan-based Drone Photography company that specializes in agriculture, construction, mining, real estate and more. Aerial photography is a new trend in modern video and photo production. Thanks to aerial photography you can easily get such shots that were previously available only when shooting from a helicopter. It should be noted that shooting from a helicopter is a very expensive service, unlike shooting from a drone.
Services offered by MetroUAV include: Real Estate, Construction, Agriculture, Mining and other. Any real estate looks best from above. With the help of aerial photography, MetroUAV will provide the most attractive views of your object, whether it is a residential complex, a shopping center, an object under construction, or even a whole cottage community. The received photos and video, will favorably supplement your advertising materials. Previously, this could only be done by ordering a helicopter, but now they made it as accessible as ever. They can even shoot inside your object, if there is enough space for the flight. If you need to inspect an industrial site, a vast territory or aerial photography of the terrain, their drone will help you with this. The device can climb high into the air and get an overall picture of the object, and then take pictures of hard-to-reach places like pipes or roofs. Also with the help of aerial photography they can do for you, vertical images of the terrain to create a detailed plan for your object. If you plan to hold a mass event, aerial photography will be perfect for creating excellent reporting materials. Any concerts, mass festivities, sport competitions, celebrations and festivals can be taken off the air by a drone to get unique shots about your event.
MetroUAV company is FAA Part 107 Certified to fly anywhere in the United States. Using MetroUAV services you will be able to conduct cinematographic works to create a full-fledged video clip, solve photographic problems, such as: aerial survey of land, aerial photography, aerial photography of an event, aerial photography of an industrial facility, etc. Thus, with the help of their services, the company will easily solve your aero vision and aerial photography tasks at an attractive price. To get a rough approximation on the price of your drone photography, get connected with MetroUAV company through their website, leaving them your name, your email, subject and message. Or you can even make a call or go to the office and discuss the details of your project.
Contact:
Company Name: MetroUAV
Address: 58757 Van Dyke #94 Washington, Mi 48094
Phone: (586) 232-5384
Email: Support@MetroUAV.com
Website: https://metrouav.com/
Russian President Vladimir Putin says they will reduce its military spending during their new term as the leader of the country, a day after they were re-elected in a presidential election with a landslide.
“We have plans to decrease our defense spending both this year and next. But this will not lead to any decline in the country's defense capacity,” said Putin during a meeting with other presidential candidates in capital Moscow on Monday.
They added that “We will not allow for any sort of arms race.”
Putin's comments come as ties between Moscow and Washington have plummeted to levels not seen since the Cold War due to the two countries' disputes over the crises in Ukraine and Syria and after US officials accused Russia of meddling in the 2016 US presidential election.
Since September 2015, Russia has been carrying out airstrikes in support of Syria's ground troops and has helped them recapture swathes of territory from Takfiri terrorists.
In their best election performance ever, Putin, 65, secured nearly 77 percent of the ballots cast in Sunday's presidential election, according to the official results released earlier today.
Putin, whose new election win will extend their total time in office to nearly a quarter of a century, until 2024, said elsewhere in their remarks that they aim to focus their new term on “domestic policy issues” and strengthening the country's “defense capabilities.”
“The main thing that we are going to do is of course, first of all the internal agenda, it is first of all ensuring the growth of the Russian Federation economy, and making it innovative, this is development in the sphere of healthcare, education, industrial output and as I've said before of infrastructure and other areas crucial for moving the country forward and lifting the standard of living for our citizens” the Russian leader further said.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
James Morrison if you're out there, shout up. We miss you!
It's been far too long since the 32-year-old was last seen in an Albion shirt.
Eight months in fact and you just wonder what might have been had the attacking midfielder been around in those dark depressing months of the winter.
Albion's relegation would have hurt Morrison who has had to watch on from the sidelines since September with an Achilles injury.
And a decision is still yet to be made on their future as the club's longest-serving player is out of contract next month.
Their season
Well, you can hardly call it a season, can you?
They made just ONE full 90-minute appearance in the fatal 2017/18 relegation campaign and that was way back on September 16 when Albion drew 0-0 with West Ham.
In total they played just 206 minutes in the Premier League over four outings, scoring once at Brighton.
And that made was their lowest turnout in 11 seasons at the club.
The injury
Morrison missed the first few games of the season with a ligament injury.
But it's the Achilles injury that ruined their campaign.
Sustained in late September, Morrison used the international break in November to go under the knife in a bid to hit the ground running the new year.
At the time, director of performance Mark Gillett said:
“His Achilles has been grumbling and the international break provided us with the opportunity to address the issue.
“The procedure was done by a Dutch surgeon in Portugal last Thursday and we are pleased with the results.”
Unfortunately the surgery didn't have the desired effect and suffered setbacks soon after, missing the remainder of the season.
Have they still got it?
Of course they have.
You don't lose that quality in half-a-season.
And Morrison still has a few years in the tank as they only turned 32 last week.
Let's not forget how important they have been for Albion over the years.
They played a part in helping the club back into the Premier League when they returned for the second half of the season in the last promotion year.
And he's chalked up 34 goals - the majority of them in the top-flight - since signing for a bargain £1.5million from Middlesbrough in 2007.
Under Tony Pulis, Albion performed better when Morrison was in the team.
And if they can get a decent pre-season under their belt there's a chance they will make up for this term in the following campaign.
Contract situation
Morrison is out of contract next month and a decision is yet to be made.
He's desperate to get back playing having missed this season through injury and it's understood that Albion are open to discussions.
You'd hope that if a contract was offered to him, he's stick it out for another season and be a part of the rebuild.
He'd certainly be a handful and a prized asset in the Championship.
If he's let go, he'll be certain to find another club, providing they can prove their fitness.
Kit details
More details of West Brom's new kit for the 2018/2019 season have emerged following the announcement of Albion's new principal partner.
The Baggies have agreed a two year deal which will see the Ideal Boilers logo appear on their kit and training wear for the next couple of campaigns.
Whilst details about the value of the deal are closely guarded Birmingham Live understands it ranks in the top three Championship deals for the new season.
And if Albion immediately regain their Premier League status the figure is thought to rise sharply.
A statement on the club website confirmed the news: “With a history dating back to 1906, Ideal can claim a rich heritage just like the Baggies.
“Since those early days, Ideal have grown to employ 1,100 staff and develop a turnover of £435m, garnering multiple awards as millions of their products have found their way into British homes and businesses.”
Baggies CEO Mark Jenkins welcomed the move: “This summer marks the start of a new journey for the Club and I'm delighted we have found in Ideal Boilers a partner which can point to the same longevity and values.
“Their founding principles all those years ago were ‘quality, innovation and value' and that is something we can identify with at The Hawthorns.
“I'm particularly pleased that we have a two-year agreement which can allow both Ideal and ourselves to develop a partnership which can truly benefit both.”
Ideal Boilers' CEO, Shaun Edwards says: “From the moment you step into The Hawthorns you realise Albion is a very special club and we are thrilled to join forces with them.
“We think there is an exciting journey ahead and I'm delighted Ideal will be there supporting them every step of the way.”
To celebrate their new association Ideal are offering three fans the chance to claim a prize which you can read about here .
Earlier this week, Albion announced a kit deal with Puma which will see the new designs, emblazoned with the Ideal Boilers logo, available later this summer.
Five-time Pro Bowl NFL running back Marshawn Lynch sat on a water cooler before Saturday's preseason contest between Oakland and Arizona, according to multiple reports.
Lynch is attempting a comeback into the NFL after retiring at the end of the 2015 season. Lynch has been one of the league's most decorated running backs in the last decade, earning a spot in the Pro Bowl five times, and winning a Super Bowl in 2014.
Lynch sat out during a contentious 2016 NFL season, which saw a number of players taking a knee during the National Anthem. But unlike those demonstrations, many consider what Lynch did on Saturday as not a protest.
According to NFL Network's Michael Robinson, Lynch has routinely sat down during the National Anthem. That sentiment was echoed by Oakland Raiders head coach Jack Del Rio after last night's exhibition game.
"On Marshawn, talked to Marshawn trying to make sure we're on the same page," Del Rio said, according to the NFL Network. "He said, 'This is something I've done for 11 years. It's not a form of anything other than me being myself.' I said, 'So you understand how I feel, I very strongly believe in standing for the national anthem. But I'm going to respect you as a man, you do your thing. We'll do ours.' It's a non-issue for me."
Lynch said on an appearance on "Conan" in 2016 that they were supportive of protests led by then 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick to sit during the National Anthem to bring light perceived injustices in the United States. Kaepernick, who has not signed with any teams since their contract ended last season with the 49ers, has said they would stand during the National Anthem in 2017, but as of now, is not on any team's roster.
MADISON, Wis. (AP) -- Two siblings who grew up watching their family curl in Madison have their sights set on Olympic gold.
Matt and Becca Hamilton are heading to Pyeongchang this month to represent Team USA in mixed doubles curling at the Olympics, Wisconsin Public Radio reported.
Players take turns lunging down the ice while pushing a 44-pound rock. They sweep the ice with a special broom to guide the rock to a target. The team closest to the center of the target wins points.
"It's almost poetic," 27-year-old Matt Hamilton said. "All you can hear is your broom sliding on the ice, and the rock sliding, the occasional sound of rocks hitting each other. It's kind of serene. It was very Zen."
The pair grew up watching their family participate in the sport at the Madison Curling Club.
"Once I was drugged out on the ice, I didn't look back," 26-year-old Becca Hamilton said. "I was down (at the curling club) every single day before school and after school, playing in multiple leagues at night. I was hooked."
The mixed doubles event is new to the Olympics. There will be seven other duos from around the world competing.
Coach Jake Higgs says their communication skills drive their success.
Becca Hamilton said they have different personalities that balance each other out.
"So he's pretty involved with the crowd and he's got an upbeat personality and I'm kind of the calm out there that reels them back in when you need to," they said.
Matt Hamilton said they can be more open with each other because they're related.
"If someone's struggling or something like that, we can tell each other with absolute honesty what we're seeing and know that that's not going to offend her," they said. "I'm not telling them what she's doing wrong to be mean. They know I'm doing it to help them get better and play better."
Matt Hamilton is also competing with the men's team while Becca Hamilton is on the women's team.
------
A dissident Russian journalist who was reported murdered in Kiev dramatically reappeared alive on Wednesday in the middle of a briefing about their own killing by the Ukrainian state security service.
Ukrainian authorities had said on Tuesday that Babchenko, a 41-year-old critic of President Vladimir Putin and of Russian policy in Ukraine and Syria, had been shot dead at their flat and that their wife had found them in a pool of blood.
Their reported murder had triggered a war of words between Ukraine and Russia and sent shivers through the journalistic communities in both countries.
But on Wednesday, an emotional Babchenko appeared before reporters saying they had been part of a special Ukrainian operation to thwart a Russian attempt on their life and said they were fine.
“I would like to apologise for what you have all had to go through,” Babchenko, who looked on the verge of tears at times, told reporters.
“I'm sorry, but there was no other way of doing it. Separately, I want to apologise to my wife for the Hell that they have been through.”
They went on to thank the Ukrainian Security Service, the SBU, for saving their lives and said the most important thing was that what they called other big acts of terror had been thwarted. They did not specify what those planned acts were.
The SBU said it had received information about the plot and had managed to prevent it.
Babchenko, a Putin critic, lived in the Ukrainian capital after receiving threats at home for saying they did not mourn the victims of a Russian military plane crash.
Ukrainian Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman said in a social media posting late on Tuesday they were convinced what they called “the Russian totalitarian machine” had not forgiven Babchenko for what Groysman called their honesty.
The Kremlin described such allegations as part of an anti-Russian smear campaign.
“This is the height of cynicism against the backdrop of such a brutal murder. It is anti-Russian bluster instead of talking about the need to conduct a thorough, objective investigation,” Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov told reporters before it was revealed that Babchenko was alive and well.
Babchenko sparked a backlash in Russia for their comments in a 2016 Facebook post on a Russian military plane crash. They said their comments had resulted in thousands of threats, their home address being published online and calls for them to be deported.
The plane, carrying 92 people, including dozens of Red Army Choir singers, dancers and orchestra members, crashed into the Black Sea on its way to Syria in December 2016, killing everyone on board.
Banner/Thumbnail Credits: Reuters
The shareholders of a GmbH, a type of German private limited company, have extensive rights to information that go beyond the general meeting of the shareholders, and they are able to exercise their rights of access and inspection.
GmbH shareholders entrust the managing director with the fate of their company. Notwithstanding this, they do, of course, have the right to be informed about what is happening in their firm at all times. In addition to the general meeting of the shareholders, the rights of access and inspection are an important tool for shareholders to gain an insight into all commercially and legally relevant matters within the company. We at the commercial law firm GRP Rainer Rechtsanwälte note that while their rights of access and inspection are indeed wide-ranging, they are not without their limits.
What is the order situation? Which projects have been completed and which are at the planning stage? How are the agreements structured? These and other questions are of interest to all shareholders. They receive answers to these questions at the general meeting of the shareholders. They can also receive answers by exercising their rights of access and inspection, and in doing so request information concerning concluded transactions, projects at the planning stage, agreements, records, protocols etc. These rights to information may also be applicable to a limited extent if the GmbH has a financial interest in other companies.
The GmbH shareholder's rights of access and inspection cannot be restricted by the articles of association. Moreover, the managing director is obligated to provide the desired information without delay. However, they or they must also assess whether providing the information would go against the company's interests. This would be the case, for instance, if there was reason to fear that the shareholder might use the information for non-company purposes and thereby damage the company, e.g. because the shareholder has a financial interest in a rival company as well.
In such instances, the managing director needs to act prudently. If they or they act on their own authority in refusing access or the right of inspection, they or they are committing a breach of duty and may render themselves liable to pay damages. Conversely, they or they cannot release the information if they have reason to fear an abuse of rights or use of information for non-company purposes. The final decision must therefore be taken by the general meeting of the shareholders. The shareholder seeking the information is not authorized to vote on this resolution. If the general meeting decides to deny the shareholder access or the right of inspection, the latter can still try and enforce their or their rights through the courts.
Lawyers who are experienced in the field of company law can advise shareholders and managing directors.
https://www.grprainer.com/en/legal-advice/company-law.html
HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) — The Latest on veterans seeking a class action lawsuit against the Department of Veterans Affairs over radiation exposure they say they experienced after a 1966 accident involving hydrogen bombs in Spain (all times local):
5:15 p.m.
The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs says it can't comment on a class action lawsuit being sought by veterans who say they responded to a 1966 accident involving U.S. hydrogen bombs in Spain and then became ill from radiation exposure.
Yale Law School students in Connecticut on Monday filed a request with the Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims on behalf of veterans denied VA disability benefits. A VA spokesperson says the VA has not seen the filing and can't address it.
Advertisement
On Jan. 17, 1966, a U.S. B-52 bomber and a refueling plane crashed into each other near the Spanish village of Palomares, releasing four hydrogen bombs and scattering highly radioactive plutonium 239.
Servicemen sent to clean the contamination say they developed cancers and blood disorders but were denied disability benefits.
___
12:50 p.m.
A federal appeals court has been asked to allow a class-action lawsuit against the Veterans Affairs Department by veterans who say they became ill from radiation exposure after responding to a 1966 accident involving U.S. hydrogen bombs in Spain.
Yale Law School students in Connecticut filed the request Monday with the U.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims on behalf of veterans who sought disability benefits from the VA but were denied.
The students represent Air Force veteran Victor Skaar, of Nixa, Missouri, and want to expand the lawsuit to include other veterans.
VA officials did not immediately return messages Monday.
Radioactive plutonium was released near Palomares, Spain, in January 1966, after a U.S. B-52 bomber and refueling plane crashed. Four hydrogen bombs crashed, but there were no nuclear explosions.
Tuesday, 24 April 2018
Ulster Bank has apologised after what it describes as 'human error' led to money disappearing from its customers' accounts.
Net foreign direct investments (FDI) surged in September from a year earlier, the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP) reported on Monday, but were lower than the previous month's 16-month high.
At $754 million, September's net inflow was 61.8 percent higher year on year, central bank data showed. August's tally, however, was larger at $1.20 billion.
Focusing on year-on-year growth, the central bank said: “Investment inflows surged, buoyed by investor confidence in the Philippine economy on the back of strong macroeconomic fundamentals and high growth prospects.”
The rise was mainly attributed to investments in debt instruments, which posted net inflows of $513 million — 75.2 percent higher compared to $293 million a year earlier.
Net equity capital investments during the month increased by 31.8 percent to $182 million.
Equity capital placements totaled $194 million, outpacing the $12 million in withdrawals during the month. The BSP said the bulk of the inflows came from the United States, Singapore, the Netherlands, China and Japan.
The funds were channeled primarily into construction; professional, scientific and technical; manufacturing; real estate; and accommodation and food service activities.
Reinvested earnings, meanwhile, posted a 68-percent increase to $59 million.
Sought for comment, Land Bank of the Philippines market economist Guian Angelo Dumalagan said the annual increase generally reflected foreign investors' confidence amid the government's promise of infrastructure-led growth.
“The monthly drop is natural, especially since the decline followed a 16-month high in August,” they added.
September's surge was not enough to boost year-to-date net FDI flows, which fell 0.2 percent to $5.83 billion.
The central bank said this was due to a 34.1-percent decline in net equity capital to $1.06 billion. Placements during the period came mostly from the US, Singapore, Japan, the Netherlands and Hong Kong.
Net investments in debt instruments grew, however, by 13.1 percent to $4.2 billion. Reinvestment of earnings for the first nine months of 2017 reached $604 million, higher by 10.4 percent from last year's level.
IHS Markit chief economist Rajiv Biswas said that while total FDI inflows had not shown any rise in 2017, the current level was significantly higher than in the 2012 to 2014 period.
“This signals that foreign investor confidence is gradually improving due to the sustained strong growth of the Philippines economy since 2012,” they said.
However, Biswas pointed out that when compared with other Association of Southeast Asian Nations competitors such as Indonesia or Vietnam, FDI inflows to the Philippines were still much lower.
This partly reflects the political risk created by the insurgency in Mindanao, which has increased uncertainty for foreign investors, as well as the relatively poor global ranking of the Philippines in terms of the business climate with the country ranked at 113th out of 190 countries on the World Bank Ease of Doing Business Index, they said.
“This highlights the importance of the Duterte administration's ‘Build Build Build' program to improve infrastructure competitiveness, as well as signaling the need for other major reforms to improve the competitiveness of the Philippines for foreign investors,” they added.
The Bangko Sentral raised its 2017 net FDI forecast to $8 billion in June, from $7 billion previously, citing improved domestic indicators and expected global uptick.
Gardaí have renewed their appeal for information in relation to the murder of 18-year-old Cameron Reilly in Dunleer, Co Louth early on Saturday and said their mobile phone, which has still not been found, may provide key information in the investigation.
They have also urged anyone who was with them to speak to gardaí or another person in the community in confidence, even if they may have consumed drink or drugs on the night in question.
Mr Reilly's body was found early on Saturday morning. It is understood they had been with a group of people on Friday night and that there may have been an altercation outside a chip shop.
A post-mortem has confirmed the teenager was strangled to death some time on Saturday morning.
Supt Andrew Watters renewed the Garda appeal for information on the murder of Mr Reilly and clarified a number of issues that had arisen in recent days.
Speaking on Wednesday afternoon in Dunleer near the location where Mr Reilly's body was found, Supt Watters said that a full investigation had been under way since that time, based at an incident room in Drogheda Garda station.
“A significant amount of inquiries has been carried out. A significant number of people have been spoken to and interviewed and further inquiries are ongoing as we speak,” they said.
Supt Watters said people in the vicinity on Friday night and Saturday morning “may have consumed alcohol and drugs”.
“But I just want to make it clear to some of those people, maybe to encourage them to come forward and speak to us, that is not the primary concern or the primary focus of this investigation. The primary focus of this investigation is to establish for Cameron's family the truth as to what happened to Cameron,” they said.
“Cameron died as a result of injuries to their neck area and a comprehensive forensic examination of the scene is still ongoing.”
Cameron Reilly was found dead in a field in Dunleer.
Supt Watters said they wished to make a further appeal in two areas. They said there had been a little bit of misinformation in relation to Mr Reilly's personal phone. The phone was an Apple iPhone 8 Plus, they said. It had previously been reported that the phone was an iPhone 8x, which does not exist.
‘Check bins'
They said the phone, which has not been found, was dark in colour with a very distinctive lime green surround.
“We are appealing to anybody to check bins – and we know there were bins collected this morning – but still to check bins, gardens, hedges, or if you are out walking and you come across a phone of this nature or any phone, we would ask you to not touch it but to contact An Garda Síochána. The location of Cameron's personal phone is key to our investigation,” they said.
They also appealed for anyone who may have information about Mr Reilly's last movements, from when they were last seen at 12.20am on Saturday until 8.30am when their body was found, to come forward.
“We genuinely and firmly believe that there is vital information in the community here in Dunleer and I would appeal to anybody who has any information, irrespective of how little, or how trivial, or insignificant or significant you think it is. I would appeal to you to come forward and speak to us, or to speak to a parent, or to speak to a teacher or somebody within the community.”
Supt Watters said gardaí would gladly meet anybody with information on a confidential basis. Alternatively, people could contact Drogheda Garda station or the Garda Confidential Line at 1800 666111 or any Garda station.
“I want to thank the public generally but the close-knit community here in Dunleer for the fantastic assistance they have given us with our investigation. An Garda Síochána fully appreciate the effect such a tragic death has on Cameron's family, on their friends, but also on such a close-knit community,” they said.
Gardaí have downloaded CCTV footage from several areas around the town in an effort to track Mr Reilly's final movements.
Their body was found by a dog-walker on Saturday morning in a field popular with young people for meeting up and drinking in the Co Louth village.
Speaking at the Garda Representative Association (GRA) conference, Minister for Justice Charlie Flanagan said that in the context of three recent “brutal murders”, there did not appear to be any relation between them “other than a common thread of behaviour of young people”.
“I believe it's important that as a society we would reflect on the way we treat our fellow citizens and I would hope that those responsible for the outstanding murders will be brought to justice at the earliest opportunity,” they said.
Latest research report on “Global Organic Peroxide Market 2018 Research Report ” now available at a high quality database of Marketresearchfuture.com with market size, share, trends, Competitive and statistical analysis.
Synopsis of Organic Peroxide Market: As per our analysis, some of the important market factors and trends identified in the global organic peroxides market include rapid industrialization, increasing demand for high-quality plastics & rubber, expansion of paper & textile industry. Furthermore, rising application of organic peroxide in coatings along with increasing automotive production and sales is estimated to fuel the demand for organic peroxide over the estimated period. Increasing building & construction activities along with rising adhesive usage derived from organic peroxide are expected to propel the growth of the market over the estimated period during 2017-2023. In addition, increasing per capita disposable income in developing countries along with rising use of personal care products is estimated to drive the market growth over the estimated period. Rising tourism activities in emerging economies along with increasing laundry business has increased the consumption of detergent, which, in turn, is estimated to fuel the growth of the organic peroxide market in the upcoming years. Moreover, increasing use of organic peroxide as a catalyst in the manufacturing commodities for detergent, packaging, and personal care is estimated to propel the growth of the market over the assessment period.
Key Players
Some of the prominent players operating in the global organic peroxide market are United Initiators (U.S.), Pergan GmbH (Germany), Arkema S.A. (France), Akzonobel N.V.(the Netherland), NOF Corporation (Japan), Chinasun Speciality Chemicals Co., Ltd. (China), MPI Chemie B.V. (the Netherland), Akpa (Turkey), Vanderbilt Chemicals, LLC (U.S.), ACE Chemical Corp (Taiwan), Plasti Pigments Pvt. Ltd. (India) among others.
Request for a Sample Copy @: https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5501
Regional Analysis:
The global organic peroxide market is further segmented into five regions namely North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, Latin America, and the Middle East & Africa. Among these, Asia Pacific is estimated to hold the largest market share in terms of value and volume in 2016 and is predicted to register significant growth over the forecast period due to the continuous growth of numerous end-use application such as plastic & rubber, coatings & adhesive, and detergent among others. The demand for organic peroxide is estimated to propel the growth of the market in the numerous countries of the Asia Pacific such as Australia, Bangladesh, Japan, South Korea, India, Thailand, Taiwan, Malaysia, China, and Singapore due to wide utilization by the adhesive as well as paints & coatings manufacturers. Moreover, increasing consumer base for plastic products in this region is estimated to fuel the growth of the market over the estimated period.
The Asia Pacific emerged as the largest organic peroxide market followed by North America and Europe. North America is estimated to be the second largest market for organic peroxide and is predicted to witness steady growth in on account of the recovery of industrial sector coupled with rising investments to revitalize building & construction sector over the assessment period. In North American, various countries such as the U.S and Canada are among the major contributors in the regional organic peroxide market share and are foreseeable to witness moderate regional market growth due to strong consumer base for personal care and textile industry.
Market Scenario:
The hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs) segment is the leading product type in the market and polyurethane is the leading application segment. The growing usage of polyurethane in a wide range of end-user industries such as automotive, building & construction, appliances, apparels, flooring, and furnishing among others is significantly contributing to the growth of the segment.
Regional Analysis
The Organic Peroxide market is segregated across five regions: North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and the Middle East & Africa. Among these, Asia Pacific holds a major share of the market and is expected to be the fastest growing market with an expanding CAGR during the forecast period. The rapid growth of the industries and urbanization is fuelling the growth of the Organic Peroxide in the developing countries of Asia Pacific. Moreover, the favorable government regulation in the region has attracted many industry players to enter the lucrative market of Asia Pacific, which, in turn, is fuelling the market growth. Furthermore, the presence of most populated countries has augmented the construction and automobile sector, which is further contributing to the market growth. China, India, and Japan are the largest consumers of Organic Peroxide in this region. North America is a dominant region in the market for Organic Peroxide. The developed end-user industries such as construction, transportation, and electronics among others are significantly driving the market growth. Moreover, growing renovation and construction of public and private infrastructure is further adding to the growth of the market in this region.
Browse Complete Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/organic-peroxide-market-5501
Segmentation:
The global organic peroxide market is furthermore on the basis of type, application, and region. On the basis of type, the market is segmented into ketone peroxide, diacetyl peroxide, percarbonates, peroxy ketals, and others. Other type includes peroxyesters, dialkyl peroxides, and hydroperoxides. On the basis of application, the organic peroxide market is classified into paper & textiles, detergents, plastics & rubber, coatings & adhesives, personal care, and others. On the basis of region, the market is divided into Latin America, North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, and the Middle East & Africa.
About Us:-
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
The Darkroom, the photography and video blog of The Baltimore Sun, shines a light on visually captivating stories of our past and present. It showcases the exciting work of our staff, offers tips in the craft, and highlights the emerging community of independent media makers. We want your feedback – please contact us with suggestions and ideas.
MIAMI BEACH, Fla. - A former candidate for the Miami Beach City Commission, whose entire campaign staff suddenly quit just before the election in November, has been cleared of accusations they sexually harassed two women.
"It took me by surprise, by shock," Rafael Velasquez said of the accusations against him.
For the past six months, Velasquez says their life has been a nightmare. The turmoil unfolded after current Miami Beach Commissioner Kristen Rosen Gonzalez accused them of exposing their genitals to them during a car ride Oct. 18.
"He had started to say that they thought that I was their soulmate, and I said, 'Please, can we stay focused on the campaign?'" Rosen Gonzalez previously told Local 10 News. "By the time we got into the car, they had become abusive. They exposed himself. They were trying to, like, force my hand on him, and it was too much."
Prosecutors later informed the commissioner that no criminal charges would be filed because they were unable to determine whether a crime had occurred.
Following the allegation, Velazquez said they told Miami Beach police detectives they learned Rosen Gonzalez had fabricated the incident to score positive publicity. Their source was Pedro Diaz, a campaign manager who worked with both candidates.
"He basically admitted this political setup to me before and they asked me not to tell anybody," Velasquez said.
Velasquez called Diaz on the phone to discuss the alleged setup while detectives listened.
"The only thing I told you was that I tried stopping them from doing it, from publicizing it, because, one, it could backfire on them later on next year in the campaign and, two, that it could backfire on you and you would lose the campaign," Diaz said.
"I think if somebody listens to the full statements, it becomes pretty clear here that it was a nasty setup," Velasquez said.
But Rosen Gonzalez claims otherwise.
"This type of ridicule and abuse is exactly why women do not come forward," they said in a statement. "Society turns a blind eye to the Bill Cosby's, the Rafael Velazquez's of the world. The only valuable part of this uncomfortable conflict knows that they lost their election and will not be able to abuse their power and abuse other women. Justice was served when the electorate of Miami Beach rejected him. If I am a casualty of their lies, it was well worth it because I stand for all the women they would have abused."
Another woman, Frances Alban, claimed Velasquez grabbed their backside in June 2017 while posing for a group photo.
"I was not even aware that I touched her, but I also apologized to her," Velasquez said.
Velasquez said they pressed charges against Rosen Gonzalez for allegedly filing a false police report, but the charges were later dropped.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa came together for the first time in three years to hold an awards dinner at Villa Park on Sunday.
Villa have scrapped their end of season awards night in each of the last two campaigns having deemed there to be nothing worthy of celebration.
But Steve Bruce's side are in the promotion shake-up and could yet find their way back to the Premier League after two years in the second tier.
Supporters' choice
Fans voted defender James Chester as their player of the season. The vice skipper has played every minute of every Championship game since joining from West Brom at the beginning of 2016/17.
Chester has been superb this season and has been dubbed Villa's Mr Consistency.
Players' player
Albert Adomah was recognised by their team-mates as Villa's best player this season. The Ghanaian winger has scored 15 goals this season – their best ever return – and notched several vital strikes to keep Villa in contention before Christmas.
The hip swinging winger danced up onto the stage to collect their award.
Young player
There really was only one choice for this award. Had Andre Green not suffered with injury then Keinan Davis would have had a genuine competitor.
But Davis, 20, is fully deserving of Villa's young player of the year award. The England under-20 striker led Villa's line exceptionally well before Christmas having been thrown in at the deep end when Bruce was under the cosh in August.
Future star
Callum O'Hare has enjoyed a stunning campaign with Villa's second string and could yet end it with a promotion and cup double.
The 19-year-old has scored a hatful of goals for Kevin MacDonald's under-23s and is now on the fringes of the first team squad.
O'Hare was awarded academy player of the year.
Grealish's goal
Unsurprisingly, Jack Grealish's stunner against Cardiff City was voted Villa's goal of the season by fans.
The 22-year-old's brilliant volley handed Villa a huge three points in the race for second spot.
Gabby's gong
Gabby Agbonlahor wasn't at the bash due to a prior arrangement but the striker was recognised for their charity work.
The 31-year-old has been a big supporter of Acorns and has helped Villa fan Moin Younis through their battle with illness.
Agbonlahor will leave Villa this summer after Bruce decided not to extend their contract.
More Villa news
Christian Benteke was placed on Aston Villa's scouting database by Alex McLeish, BirminghamLive can reveal.
Paul Lambert signed the Belgian striker in 2012 for £6million from Genk - but it was actually their fellow Scot McLeish who identified Benteke.
Benteke, who now plies their trade for Crystal Palace after their £30m switch to Liverpool backfired, spent three years at Villa Park and scored the goals to preserve their top flight status under Lambert and, latterly, Tim Sherwood.
But it wasn't Lambert or scout Paddy Riley who pinpointed Benteke as a potential target. McLeish marked them out as one to watch shortly after they made the ill-fated move across the Second City from Birmingham City.
McLeish, now manager of Scotland, was bemused to arrive at Villa and discover the club hadn't implemented a scouting database to keep tabs on targets from across the globe.
Benteke, who scored 49 goals in 101 appearances in claret and blue, was put forward to McLeish by scout Arthur Numan.
Numan watched Benteke regularly whilst they were playing for Genk - a club McLeish would later manage - and thought Villa could grab themselves a bargain.
McLeish's appointment at Villa Park came at a time when owner Randy Lerner was reining in the spending. Previous managers Martin O'Neill and Gerard Houllier had been backed heavily in the transfer market and Lerner demanded cuts were made.
McLeish was asked to reduce the wage bill and decided to expand Villa's scouting horizons in the hope of snaring a few gems.
The decision to include Benteke's name on the database they installed and ensure Numan and other scouts continued to watch the 6ft 4in frontman was key in the club's decision to sign him.
Papiss Cisse, who eventually joined Newcastle United and fired them to a fifth-placed finish, was another player on the database, as was Gylfi Sigurdsson.
Staunch Brexiteer Jim Allister has called on the DUP to start “considering their position” in propping up Theresa May's government, saying Northern Ireland has been “stabbed in the back” by the new draft deal with the EU.
Despite previous “tough talk” from Number 10 about making sure the whole UK comes out of the single market and customs union as one, they said the draft agreement leaves the door open for the Province to effectively stay under EU rules.
At the root of the controversy is the idea of a “backstop” – basically, an automatic failsafe scenario for the Irish border which will kick in if no agreement is reached with the EU.
Today's text states that “a legally-operative version of the backstop solution” should form part of the final Brexit withdrawal agreement – something to be drawn up by October 2018 at the latest.
It goes on to add that such a backstop must be in line with the following condition (already set out in an EU-UK joint statement in December): that in “the absence of agreed solutions, the UK will maintain full alignment with those rules of the internal market and the customs union which, now or in the future, support North-South co-operation, the all-island economy and the protection of the 1998 Agreement”.
Mr Allister, TUV MLA for North Antrim, said: “Since the backstop is really the position that the Irish want, and it cuts us off from the rest of the UK, I don't see now how there's any incentive [for Dublin] to negotiate anything else.”
They recalled that Theresa May last month said that any agreement to place Great Britain and Northern Ireland under different customs regimes with different rules and regulations was a threat to the Union, and “no UK prime minister could ever agree to it”.
But in light of the draft deal published today, Mr Allister said: “I think we've been stabbed in the back.”
They said: “I think the party of unionism which has the government at the end of a string should be considering their position.
“I think they need to know that the backstop will never be the final position, otherwise why would they keep this government in place?”
CARACAS: Venezuela's defense minister on Monday declared the army's loyalty to President Nicolas Maduro, who ordered troops into the streets ahead of a major protest by opponents trying to oust him.
Venezuela is bracing for what Maduro's opponents vow will be the “mother of all protests” Wednesday, after two weeks of clashes between police and demonstrators protesting against moves by the leftist leader and their allies to tighten their grip on power.
The center-right opposition has called on the military — a pillar of Maduro's power — to turn on the president amid an economic and political crisis that has triggered severe food shortages, riots and looting.
But Defense Minister Vladimir Padrino Lopez said the army “confirms its unconditional loyalty to the president.”
They made the comment before thousands of rifle-carrying members of the pro-Maduro “Bolivarian militia,” who cheered with fists raised at a rally outside the presidential palace.
Maduro thanked the army and the militia for their support and announced they planned to expand the latter civilian force to half a million armed members.
“Loyalty is repaid with loyalty,” they said.
Maduro rallies army
The rally came hours after Maduro ordered the military into the streets to defend the leftist “Bolivarian revolution” launched by their late mentor Hugo Chavez in 1999.
“From the first reveille (on Monday morning), from the first rooster crow, the Bolivarian National Armed Forces will be in the streets… saying, ‘Long live the Bolivarian revolution,'” they said Sunday night in a televised address.
They called for the militia to be in “permanent training” and “permanent deployment” to defend Venezuela against “any imperialist aggression” — a thinly veiled reference to the United States.
Senior opposition leader Henrique Capriles dismissed Maduro's announcement.
“The old fogey has announced one rifle for every militia member.  They are more desperate than ever,” Capriles wrote on Twitter.
“Venezuela does not want rifles, it wants food and medicine!”
‘Repression'
Venezuela has been rocked by unrest since March 30, when Maduro's camp moved to consolidate its control with a Supreme Court decision quashing the power of the opposition-majority legislature.
The court partly backtracked after an international outcry, but tension only rose further when authorities slapped a political ban on Capriles.
Five people have been killed and hundreds wounded in the ensuing protests as demonstrators clashed with riot police firing tear gas, water cannons and rubber bullets.
Non-government groups have accused the authorities of repression of protesters and of using firearms to put down the rallies.
Padrino Lopez on Monday blamed the violence on criminals, retorting that “action by the state to restore public order cannot be called repression.”
Big protest called
Maduro's opponents have called for a massive protest Wednesday, a national holiday that marks the start of Venezuela's independence struggle in 1810.
The president's supporters have called a counter-demonstration the same day.
It is a touchy date in Venezuela, where Chavez and Maduro have built a politics of populist, left-wing nationalism around the fight for independence from colonial Spain and around the hero of the struggle, Simon Bolivar.
Maduro is fighting efforts to force them from power as Venezuela flounders through a crippling three-year recession and confronts the world's highest inflation rate.
Venezuela has the world's largest oil reserves, but the fall in global crude prices since 2014 has laid bare its overwhelming dependence on its chief export.
Lacking the oil dollars it once used to import nearly everything else, the country has been hit by severe shortages of food, medicine and basic goods like deodorant and toilet paper.
With some 165,000 troops and 25,000 reserves, the army controls production and distribution of basic foods.
Eleven of Maduro's 32 government ministers are current or retired military officers. AFP
AFP/CC
A state of the industry report has revealed digital services provided more than half of recorded music revenue for the first time last year.
Music companies are calling for law changes that would allow them to be paid fairer royalties by video streaming services, an annual report has shown.
According to the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI), which represents thousands of major and independent record companies all over the world, 1.3 billion users listened to recorded music on video-streaming services last year, from which music companies were paid 856 million dollars (£612 million) in royalties.
In contrast, music companies received 5.6 billion dollars (£3.9 billion) in revenue from paid and advert-supported audio streaming services, such as Spotify, which the report claims were used by 272 million users in 2017.
The 'value gap', a mismatch between the value that online user upload services extract from music and the revenue that they return, is currently the biggest policy challenge facing the music industry. Read our State Of The Industry report at https://t.co/KAoAu9XuMw 👈#GMR2018 pic.twitter.com/QWVj45pQfW — IFPI (@IFPI_org) April 24, 2018
The IFPI has called for a change to online liability laws, which they say have contributed to a mismatch between the value created by video streaming platforms like YouTube and what is paid to artists and record companies.
The IFPI has accused video streaming services, such as YouTube, of using previously inconsistent application of these laws to avoid licensing music like other digital services in order to claim they are not legally responsible for the music distributes on their sites.
In a statement, YouTube said: “YouTube is working collaboratively with the music industry to bring more money to artists, labels and publishers.
A report has suggested that digital services accounted for more than half of recorded music revenue in 2017. (Yui Mok/PA)
“In the last 12 months alone, YouTube has paid out over one billion dollars to the music industry, just from ads, and that number is growing year over year due to the licensing deals we have in place with the overwhelming majority of labels, publishers, and collecting societies.”
The IFPI report has also shown that for the first time, more than half of all recorded music revenue is generated from digital sources due to the ever-growing popularity of audio streaming services.
Its figures revealed that streaming was the largest single source of recorded music revenue last year with 38%, which boosted the total digital income to 54%.
Ed Sheeran was the biggest global recording artist in 2017, according to the IFPI (Ian West/PA)
This offsets a 5% decline in revenue from physical formats such as CDs and a 21% decline in download revenue.
The industry's third consecutive year of growth follows 15 years of significant revenue decline.
Despite the recent uplift, music revenues in 2017 are just over two thirds of what they were at the market's peak in 1999.
Meanwhile, the report revealed that Ed Sheeran was the top global recording artist, ahead of Drake, Taylor Swift, Kendrick Lamar and Eminem.
© Press Association 2018
Police investigating the serious road traffic collision on the Crumlin Road yesterday evening are appealing for witnesses.
Superintendent Muir Clark said, “While I would like to thank those witnesses who have already come forward, I appeal to anyone who has any information about this collision, or who may have seen the distinctive Black Audi a1 car, registration number GD18SJU, between the time it was reported stolen from Thirlmere Gardens in North Belfast at 2.30am Sunday 1 July through to 6.55pm on Tuesday 3 July, to contact police on the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 1442 3/07/18."
They added: “I can confirm that following a number of reports about the black Audi being driven erratically in the North Belfast area yesterday evening, police patrols were alerted to search for the vehicle.
"Specially trained police officers subsequently located the stolen car.
"The car failed to stop, made off and police initiated a pursuit. The car crashed a short time later.
“As is normal practice, The Police Ombudsman's Office have been notified and are currently investigating the circumstances leading up to the collision therefore it would be inappropriate to comment further pending the outcome of that investigation.”
Former All Whites striker Chris Killen will be sentenced today for sexual assault.
Killen will appear in the crown court in Manchester, having confessed to the assault after initially pleading not guilty.
Killen was in a stupefied state from alcohol when they committed the attack on a young woman as they slept.
The judge said during the hearing that all sentencing options will remain open to the court.
A question stalking Kevin Macdonald's study of Whitney Houston is whether it does enough things differently to justify a release so soon after Nick Broomfield's excellent Whitney Houston: Can I Be Me.
Well, we don't get much fresh analysis of the music. It is a smaller aspect of the Houston tragedy that, for all their success and for all the majesty of their voice – scarcely human in the precision of its louder notes – those records are still condemned to the Kingdom of Kitsch.
Whitney Houston never calculated as coolly as their near-contemporary Madonna. The socio-political brilliance of later Beyoncé could hardly be more remote from the wedding balladry of Saving All my Love for You. In Macdonald's film, we see Whitney receiving boos at the Soul Train Awards for, it is assumed, the crime of being too vanilla for the post-hip hop era. These records still require a little more respect.
Back to the sorry decline from sparkling prodigy to delicate idol to doomed cocaine addict. The new film does have at least one shocking revelation to set itself apart from Can I be Me: the suggestion that Dee Dee Warwick, cousin to Whitney and sister of Dionne, molested the singer when they were a girl.
It is ambiguously argued here that that experience may have so troubled Whitney as to make them doubt their own sexuality. It's not clear if the speaker is suggesting they were driven away from men or towards them. But Whitney's lengthy relationship with Robyn Crawford – whose voice is conspicuously absent here – seems to have been more stable than that with any male lover.
For all the pre-release revelations, the story about Dee Dee takes up only a small part of Macdonald's film. What sets it apart from Broomfield's film is more a question of style.
Whereas Can I Be Me was gritty, nervy and idiosyncratic, the current film is as slick, professional and mainstream as Macdonald's breakthrough One Day in September. The talking heads are all shot in clean, pretty light. The film moves smoothly and chronologically through the life. It ends with a belter from the star.
None of this is intended as negative criticism. Macdonald is a skilled film-maker and a perceptive interviewer. They have somehow managed to get Bobby Brown, to whom Whitney was married for 14 years, into the film and, when the singer wriggles out of questions about drugs, Macdonald calls them out in a clean, posh Scottish accent.
Whitney has less political sweep than Macdonald's film on Bob Marley, but, at such points, you are reminded there are even rougher emotions at work. Blame is slung in one direction. It is then batted back in another. At times, one feels like an observer at a more than usually awkward wake.
That story about Dee Dee Warwick aside, the film does not offer many new angles on a too-familiar story of how fame can eat a fragile sensibility. What it does offer is much moving testimony.
Whitney's aunt breaking up as they remember the star's doomed daughter Bobbi Christina Brown is as heart-wrenching as anything you'll see on screen this year.
For all its gripping accumulation of second-hand miseries, however, Macdonald's film fails to give us enough of Whitney Houston herself. There are surprisingly few clips of the star telling their own stories. There is almost no attempt to understand why the music registered with so many people in so many countries.
Whitney will be filed under “music documentaries” but it is no more about music than it is about carpentry or mathematics. The tragedy is so blistering that – as it would be if shooting into the sun – it blasts everything else into bleached insignificance. Maybe that's how things should be.
Opens: July 6th
The North Augusta Chamber of Commerce is holding a ribbon-cutting ceremony for Elite Bar & Grill on Friday, Oct 6th at 5pm. They are a locally owned sports bar.
The public is invited to join in the celebration. Festivities will begin at 5:00 PM with a ribbon cutting ceremony, followed by a Parking Lot Party.
Elite Bar & Grill is located at 401 W Martintown Rd, Suite 157 in North Augusta. There will be a door prize given away every 30 minutes. The first 20 people will receive a $5 gift card! Guests are asked to dress in their favorite collegiate team gear and ready to network in a casual setting.
Copyright 2017 WFXG. All rights reserved.
Austrian bio-pharmaceutical company Nabriva Therapeutics is to relocate its holding company to Dublin in order to better access capital, the company said on Monday. The move means that clinical development and commercialisation plans will now be managed out of Ireland, the US and Austria.
Nabriva, a Vienna based clinical stage biopharmaceutical company engaged in the research and development of novel anti-infectives to treat serious bacterial infections, will create a new Irish entity Nabriva Therapeutics Plc, which will become the publicly-traded parent entity of Nabriva AG.
The current Austrian publicly-traded parent company will then become a subsidiary of the newly-formed Irish company, and it is expected that Nabriva Ireland will then become the publicly-traded parent company of the Nabriva Group and its subsidiaries with its tax residency in Ireland.
“The supervisory board and I believe that it is in our shareholders' best interests to change our company domicile to Ireland. This will allow us better access to capital which is more in line with other emerging-stage bio-pharmaceutical companies and will allow Nabriva to operate more flexibly and efficiently,” said Dr. Colin Broom, chief executive of Nabriva.
Nabriva said it will continue to focus on the development of lefamulin, its novel pleuromutilin antibiotic, which it is developing as a treatment for patients with moderate to severe community acquired bacterial pneumonia (CABP).
“Our research and discovery efforts will continue to be located in Austria and clinical development and plans for future commercialisation will be managed from Ireland, the United States and Austria,” Mr Broom said.
A single-car crash is blocking an off-ramp on Auckland's Southern Motorway this evening.
Police, ambulance and fire crews are at the site of the crash, on the off-ramp to Symonds St, in Auckland City.
Northern fire communications shift manager Jaron Phillips says the vehicle is on its side.
It is not yet known whether the occupants of the car are injured.
Firefighters were called to the scene just before 6.30pm, Phillips said.
Southern Mwy: #Crash blocking northbound off-ramp to Symonds St. Avoid this exit if possible, use Wellesley St. ^TP pic.twitter.com/leq0tgHSiD — NZTA Akld & Nthlnd (@NZTAAkl) January 2, 2017
The NZ Transport Agency said the crash was blocking the area.
Motorists were being encouraged to avoid the exit, if possible, or to expect delays.
- NZ Herald
by
According to the Unitarian Universalist Association's own data, the U.U. Church currently has just under 200,000 members in the entire United States, and about two hundred of them attend church in Kent County or Talbot County on any given Sunday.
In comparison, the Episcopal Church, another relatively small denomination, has about 3,500 active members in the same region, while the Catholic faith comes close to having 7,000 adherents.
These numbers may suggest that the Unitarians represent a tiny part of the religious fabric on the Delmarva, but those statistics do not account for the extremely high level of activism these small congregations — one in Kent and the other Talbot County — participate in during the year in their communities. In fact, when one factors in contributions that the U.U. Church make locally in such critical areas of concern for social justice, immigration, and the environment, one then can one see the full impact of the Unitarian Universalists on the Mid-Shore.
And one person who sees that impact on an almost daily basis is the Reverend Sue Browning, who is in the unique role of being the minister of both the Unitarian Universalist Fellowship at Easton and the Unitarian Universalists of the Chester River in Kent County.
The Spy sat down with Rev. Browning to talk a bit about Unitarian Universalism as a faith, which is liberal by nature and characterized by a “free and responsible search for truth and meaning.” In other words, Unitarian Universalist members do not accept a creed per se but are unified by a shared search for spiritual growth.
We also talked to Sue about the important role that faith, unconventional as it may be in the U.U. Church, plays in the life of its members, the spiritual dimensions of aging, and the need to exercise one's compassion and gratitude like a muscle which will only gets stronger with time.
This video is approximately four minutes in length. For more information about the Mid-Shore Unitarian Universalist Churches, please go here for Chestertown and here for Easton.
Lasik treatment is one of the most common eye surgeries in the world to correct the vision of people with bad eyesight. Wearing glasses or contact lenses is not always the most comfortable thing to be doing throughout the day. There might be numerous occasions you feel you want to permanently get rid of them. Lasik treatment in Dubai can do this for you. You can say goodbye to your glasses and lenses.
This is one of the most pain-free surgeries you can do to your body. With the improvement of scientific knowledge and technology, fixing the vision of people has become an easy task. When you consider permanently fixing your eyesight, you will imagine that the surgery you have to undergo will be a complex and painful one. But, it is assured that the Lasik treatment is completely pain-free, and any person, regardless of their level of sensitivity can undergo this treatment.
It might come to surprise you that your vision will be fixed right after the surgery. You will be able to see clearly right after you walk out of the clinic. Many surgeries that a person undergo has a healing period within which the results of the surgery will develop. But, with the Lasik treatment, you will be able to witness the results right after undergoing the surgery.
You will have the opportunity to go back to your normal routine or lifestyle very fast. You are not expected to wear bandages or stitches like most other surgeries. You can resume almost all the activities within 24 hours post surgery. However, it is advisable to consult your surgeon before indulging in any activity to make sure you can go ahead with it.
You will realize over time that your expenses have significantly reduced after the surgery. You do not have to go for frequent eye check-ups, which cost a lot of money. You do not have to update your glasses every time the surgeon thinks you should. You do not have to fear about losing your contact lenses or your glasses and spending a considerable amount to get new ones every time you lose them.
A Hastings woman who suffers from Multiple Sclerosis is concerned a pharmacy mix-up with their medication could have been life-threatening, and wants assurances it won't happen to anyone else.
Christine Stark-Botherway has had MS for 10 years and, on a recent visit to a Hawke's Bay Hospital specialist, was given a prescription for steroids.
They said they took it to their usual pharmacy to get filled but they did not have the drug available. After phoning around, the pharmacy told them the only place with the medication was the hospital pharmacy.
"I went to ED - they would not at first let me go to the pharmacy as they did not serve the public, but in the end they told me it was alright."
Advertisement
A 20-minute wait ensued while the hospital pharmacist investigated their prescription, unsure the correct medication had been prescribed.
"Usually, I take these steroids intravenously, but the doctor decided to give them to me in pill form this time so I wouldn't have to be admitted."
Eventually, the pharmacist gave them the pills in a bottle, but as they were driving home they rang them to say they had only given them five pills rather than the 25 the prescription was for.
"I went back and they put the pills in another bottle.
"Because I trusted them to get it right, the next morning I took five of the 100mg pills and then looked at the bottle and it said to only take one pill in the morning.
"I got such a shock, and was worried - I rang my normal pharmacy who luckily still had a copy of my prescription and they could confirm that I was right to take the five pills."
They said they were concerned that such mistakes could potentially cost people's lives, and said they had rung the hospital to tell them what had happened.
"It concerns me that they are doling out tablets with no checks on what the pharmacist is doing - anything could be happening to patients."
Hawke's Bay District Health Board chief medical and dental officer Dr John Gommas said the hospital sincerely apologised for the labelling error regarding the quantity of medication and directions for use.
They said the error was quickly identified by the dispensing pharmacist and within minutes of the patient leaving the hospital, they were contacted and asked to return.
"At no time was the patient at harm from the medication dosage or quantity dispensed."
The DHB was also sorry that the patient had the added inconvenience of needing to return to the hospital, but it was important they had the correct quantity of medication.
"The DHB acknowledges that while the pharmacist verbally instructed the patient on the changed dosage, the label was not updated, which created avoidable confusion."
They said Stark-Botherway had been in contacted regarding their complaint and that the DHB would keep them fully informed on an investigation process that had begun.
This situation followed a case last month when a one-month-old baby was given methadone by mistake at a Hawke's Bay community pharmacy.
At the time a local pharmacist speaking anonymously said at a guess that mistake could have been made when transferring the medication, and provided the wrong bottle.
When it comes to the final reckoning, you could forgive Olympic Council of Ireland (OCI) president Sarah Keane for asking, “why did I bother”?
For the umpteenth time since the ticketing scandal in Rio, they have stepped forward to answer questions about their predecessor Pat Hickey, and each time has brought something problematic, something the OCI board did not know about.
The legacy of Hickey has been a legal quagmire and so far with no resolution. The Judge Moran report into the 2016 Olympic Games, published on Monday, set out as a fact-finding exercise with no powers to compel people to speak and found shutters coming down from Rio to Lausanne, and from Dublin to London.
The Rio Organising Committee, who started the ball rolling by rejecting Hickey's first choice of Authorised Ticket Reseller (ATR) THG, did not even reply to Judge Moran's emails.
The International Olympic Committee didn't engage. THG turned their back. Hickey said they couldn't speak until they cleared their name in Rio. Legal advice, they said.
Judge Moran was left with virtually none of the actors to talk to.
Frustrating peek
The report was a frustrating peek into the workings of the OCI and IOC as a 12-week timetable became one-year long with a bill of €312,000.
What we found, through no fault of Judge Moran, were things that we knew in the 1990s.
Pat Hickey ran the OCI as an autocrat. We knew that in 1992.
Hickey loved a solo run. We knew that in 1993.
Hickey dealt with sponsorship matters himself. We knew that in 1994.
Hickey was surrounded by a board that said yes. We knew that in 1995.
The governance within the OCI was appalling. We knew that in the 1980s, when a meeting in the Shelbourne Hotel secured a voting system that unshakably favoured those in situ and no term limits.
The cost and the words of Minister for Sport Shane Ross echoing in our ears seemed shrill. The “very robust” inquiry Mr Ross promised turned out superficial.
“Its work was hampered by the absence of co-operation,” said the measured Judge Moran. “The effectiveness of the inquiry depended on a willingness to co-operate.”
From an OCI perspective, it has laid bare some of the details of the problems they face. Ms Keane produced a letter from the PyeongChang Organising Committee for the Winter Olympics 2018 retroactively withdrawing approval of THG's role as Irish ATR (Authorised Ticket Reseller).
“We are signed up to this agreement,” said Keane. “I would also say we are signed up to two other agreements signed in January 2016, which we have only become aware of in the last couple of weeks.”
Toxic
The agreements are with the now-toxic THG for the 2022 Winter Olympic Games, and for the 2024 and the 2026 Games. THG was rejected for Rio by the Organising Committee and so Pro10 was brought in.
Keane says this too did not come before the board. “There was no discussion about the approval of Pro10. That was not brought to the board, not during my time and my understanding is not at anytime,” they said.
Judge Moran also questioned the honorarium of €60,000 per annum for Hickey that was introduced by second vice-president John Delaney in 2010. The full amount was drawn in 2015, totalling €360,000.
Hickey had always called themselves a volunteer. They clearly saw an honorarium as non-payment. But revenue did not and treated the sum as income.
The OCI now has no sponsors and claims Pro10 owes it €50,000. The report is 250 pages in all.
A penny dreadful for €312,000.
Album:
All-Amerikkkan Badass Artist:
Joey Bada$$ Label:
Pro-Era Genre:
Hip-Hop & Rap
Something very interesting happened to Joey Bada$$ between albums: they found a focus for their narrative. Debut album B4.DA.$$ suffered from the weight of expectations on the young New Yorker's shoulders and stylistically fell between a nostalgia for a previous golden age of hip-hop and a reticence about articulating their own story in their own way.
All-Amerikkkan Badass makes amends in no uncertain fashion, an album which fully engages with the strange and troubled world we find ourselves in of late. Like many of their peers, Bada$$ has been energised by events from Donald Trump to police shootings and there's a lot of anger and ire in the lyrical wash here. Rockabye Baby and Land Of the Free don't spare the rod, both working up a fine head of steam set against that Bada$$ brew of soulful samples and throwback musical colours.
Many will be re-evaluating what Bada$$ is capable of doing on the back on this release as it sounds as if he's just getting started.
twitter.com/joeybadass
BUREAU of Customs (BoC) Commissioner Isidro Lapeña has ordered the temporary suspension of the implementing guidelines on the availment of duty- and tax-free privileges on balikbayan (returnee) boxes containing personal effects and household goods sent by overseas Filipino workers (OFWs) to their families in the Philippines.
Advertisements
Lapeña on Friday said they were compelled to stop the implementation after receiving complaints from Filipino migrant workers on the tedious requirements before one can avail of such privileges on balikbayan boxes.
Ordered suspended by the BoC chief were Customs Administrative Order (CAO) 05-2016, Customs Memorandum Order (CMO) 04-2017 and the registration requirements of deconsolidators.
CAO 05-2016 and CMO 04-2017 provide guidelines on the implementation of duty- and tax-free privileges on balikbayan boxes.
Under these two orders, qualified Filipinos while abroad (QFWA) must accomplish the Information Sheet, submit a photocopy of their Philippine passport, a copy of invoice and proof of purchase of the goods contained in the box to be qualified for the P150,000 tax exemption.
Lapeña pointed out that a balikbayan box symbolizes the hardship of OFWs, and their love for the families they left behind in the Philippines.
“Although it is our duty to facilitate Customs clearance of balikbayan boxes, we cannot set aside the sentiments of our fellow Filipinos abroad,” they said.
According to Lapeña , a consultation would soon be conducted with stakeholders aimed at drafting necessary amendments to CAO 05-2016 and CMO 04-2017.
The suspension of the two orders would remain in effect until March 31, 2018.
“With the suspension of the current procedure on balikbayan boxes, the previous regulation will be enforced,” Lapeña said.
Klaudia Jazwinska, '18, was announced as one of 43 winners of the 2018 Marshall Scholarships on Dec. 4.
The scholarship provides American students the opportunity to study at an institution of higher education in the United Kingdom. Of the estimated 1,000 applications from across the country, only about 40 scholarships are awarded every year.
Jazwinska — who is the managing editor of The Brown and White — is the first Marshall Scholar from Lehigh in 40 years.
Jenny Hyest, the assistant director of fellowship advising and United Nations programs at Lehigh, said Jazwinska's selection reflects their ability to excel in many areas.
In addition to traveling and learning about different cultures, Jazwinska is excited to learn from the other scholars “who are passionate about what they're studying.”
 They are planning on pursing two 1-year master's degrees. The first will be in computational and data journalism at Cardiff University in Wales and the second will be in international relations and politics at Cambridge University in England.
Jazwinska, a journalism and global studies double major, has served as an editor for The Brown and White since first-year student year and will serve as editor-in-chief next semester.
During their time at Lehigh, Jazwinska has participated in the Marching 97, served as the Global Union's vice president for internal programming and was involved in a Mountaintop project this summer.
Jazwinska worked with Hyest to complete their application while they concluded their Mountaintop project. In October, after learning they had been selected to attend an interview, Jazwinska prepared with in-depth mock interviews with help from Lehigh professors.
Hyest said advising Jazwinska was one of the most rewarding experiences of their career as an educator and fellowship adviser.
“What's really special about (Jazwinska) is their capacity to think critically, thoughtfully and reflectively about where she's been,” Hyest said. “She writes so powerfully about their life.”
Hyest said they are most excited about Jazwinska's selection as a scholar because of their background as a first-generation American college student. They believe Jazwinska can serve as an inspiration to other students who come from similar situations.
“She shows that students from underrepresented backgrounds can successfully apply for awards and see that they are for any student,” Hyest said.
Jazwinska said it is a privilege to receive the scholarship considering their background.
“In the long run I want to help and give back,” Jazwinska said. “My goal is to somehow benefit others around me.”
There are no legal restrictions, but some rigs are better than others
Q: I fish out of Morro Bay for halibut, but there's no live bait available this year. Because of that, I'd like to try ball bouncing for halibut and am I thinking about trolling a Rapalla fishing lure as bait. I have two Rapalla lures with three galvanized treble hooks attached to them. I know the limit is only two hooks for most ocean fishes. Can I use these lures as they are designed or do I have to cut a set of hooks off them to be legal? (Chris Jones)
A: There are no hook restrictions for halibut, so the lure you have described would be legal to use. However, according to our halibut program expert, California Department of Fish & Game associate marine biologist Travis Tanaka, you should remove one of the treble hooks. There are two reasons for this. First, a hooked fish would be safer to handle because you wouldn't have the additional hooks (not hooked in the fish) possibly hooking your clothing or skin. Second, short fish would be easier to release because again you wouldn't have to worry about the additional hooks catching where you don't want them to.
Tanaka says many anglers will also use a rig similar to that used for salmon, basically a hoochie/flasher trolled on the bottom. He's also caught halibut drifting frozen anchovies.
We recommend a soft, knotless landing net. Sublegal-sized halibut landed with this type of net don't fin split (damage their fins) and they will have a greater chance of survival when you release.
Booking a Hunting Trip
Q: Can you direct me to a legitimate site to book a hunting trip? How can we hunt on government land? What are the costs? (Cheri Wengronowitz)
A: DFG makes no recommendations in support of any particular guide or hunting service. Hence, your best bet is to contact other hunters to ask about their experiences in order to help you decide which guide service to go with.
According to DFG coordinator Marc Kenyon for Bear, Mountain Lion and Wild Pig Programs Statewide, you can hunt on certain government-owned (public) lands in California. Public lands in California are primarily owned, operated and maintained by the DFG, the U.S. Forest Service, the Bureau of Land Management, the Department of Defense or the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service.
Each of these agencies has developed rules and regulations for the lands they administer. They provide details of which lands are open to public access for outdoor recreational activities (including hunting), and the time of year they are open. Some of these lands are open year-round with no access fees, but some lands are open only certain times of the year with an access fee. Moreover, some public lands are entirely closed to all public use, mostly for protection of certain plant and animal species.
Generally speaking, most big game mammal hunting occurs on DFG, BLM, military or Forest Service lands. Small mammal and varmint hunting occurs on BLM and Forest Service lands. Waterfowl and upland game bird hunting occurs on DFG and USFWS lands.
Click here for the regulations governing the use of DFG lands. Please contact the other land management agencies for rules or regulations concerning their lands.
Gaffing Salmon
Q: Is it legal to gaff a keeper salmon in the ocean instead of using a net?
A: In ocean waters it would be legal to gaff a legal size salmon pursuant to the California Code of Regulations Title 14, section 28.65(d), but you must still have a landing net that is at least 18 inches in diameter on board to land any undersize fish. In inland waters, CCR Title 14, section 2.06 makes it illegal to use or possess a gaff throughout California with one exception, which is a section of the Sacramento River below the Deschutes Road Bridge where gaffs 3 feet or fewer in length may be used to land legal-sized fish. This exception applies only to anglers fishing from a boat.
— Carrie Wilson is a marine biologist with the California Department of Fish & Game. They can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
14 August, Inaruwa: Sunsari and Saptari's government officials Monday inspected the Koshi Barrage and spurs.
The government officials of the two districts made field inspections to the site amidst the rumour that the Koshi River crested following the incessant rains in the eastern Nepal is at a risk of bursting.
Sunsari's Chief District Officer Gopal Prasad Parajuli, Superintendent of Police Bidyananda Majhi, District Treasury Controller Office, Sunsari's chief Badri Ghimire and office bearers of all government bodies, Saptari's Chief District Officer Krishna Bahadur Katuwal and Superintendent of Police Mukesh Kumar were there to inspect the Koshi dam and spurs, according to Sunsari's CDO Parajuli.
The teams reached to a conclusion that presently there seemed no immense risk of dam and spurs explosion. The river would pose no further threat to the life in Sunsari and Saptari if the current water flow remained as it is.
As the Sunsari CDO stated, the Indian side has deputed 300 workers along with 150 generators for further security of the river, and the risk of dam burst seemed less possible. RSS
Warner Bros. is re-releasing The Matrix in 4K. The offering, a 4K Ultra HD / Blu-ray / digital combo, is set to arrive on May 22 and is priced at $41.99.
According to 4K.com, the 4K remaster was performed using the original 35mm film rolls it was filmed on. As such, it should upscale to 4K far better than content sourced from a 1080p digital recording. The process was also reportedly overseen by Bill Pope who worked as the original director of photography on the 1999 film.
Special features and technical specs:
New 4K remaster supervised by director of photography Bill Pope
Newly remastered Dolby Atmos track for this release
Dolby VisionTM HDR-enabled presentation that dramatically expands the color palette and contrast range and uses dynamic metadata to automatically optimize the picture for every screen — frame by frame.
4K Blu-ray special features:
Written Introduction by the Wachowskis
"Philosopher" Commentary by Dr. Cornel West and Ken Wilbur
"Critics" Commentary by Todd McCarthy, John Powers and David Thomson
"Cast & Crew" Commentary by Carrie-Anne Moss, Zach Staenberg and John Gaeta
"Composer" Commentary by Don Davis with Music Only Track
Blu-ray special features:
The Matrix Revisited
Follow the White Rabbit
Take the Red Pill
Marilyn Manson "Rock is Dead" Music Video
Teaser Trailer
Theatrical Trailer
*The Blu-ray release will also be sourced from the brand new 4K remaster of the film.
A rest home resident had about 15 maggots hatch in their wounds after dressings weren't apparently changed frequently enough.
Counties Manukau DHB investigators found a lack of documentation around how often staff at Palms Lifecare in Pukekohe changed the 86-year-old's dressings. There was a gap of seven days in one instance.
The man's family have now released the investigation report to the Herald, in an effort to stop other aged-care residents suffering.
They were moved from Middlemore Hospital to the rest home as a terminal resident needing palliative care, and died on March 9, soon after their daughter went public with their concerns.
Advertisement
The DHB investigation substantiated shortfalls including inadequate pain relief, anecdotal evidence of faecal soiling in their room and a lack of neurological assessments after falls.
"There is limited documentary evidence that the resident's wounds were dressed during the timeframe for the fly eggs to hatch, which meant the eggs could fully develop into maggots without being disrupted," the DHB report concluded.
Dressings were meant to happen every other day, but were documented on February 6, 8, 11, 18, 19, 25 and 28. A maggot can hatch within a day.
On February 28 an entry in the man's file states the dressing needed reviewing in two days, but there wasn't further documentation until March 4 – two days before the maggots were found.
Seven to 10 were removed from their big toe. Progress notes indicate that later that day another four to five were removed. The next day another maggot was found.
The man's daughter Corina, who asked for their surname to be withheld, said learning of other care problems when reading the DHB report was deeply distressing.
They met with the DHB this week and asked it to revisit aspects of their family's complaints that weren't fully substantiated. That includes the belief their father rapidly declined in health and suffered a stroke, which wasn't addressed by staff.
"We knew they were going to die … but I did expect them to give them the basics of life – food, fluids, being kept clean and pain relief," Corina said.
The family has received an apology from Heritage Lifecare, the company that owns Palms and 25 other rest homes.
A spokesperson for the company said existing procedures weren't followed and appropriate disciplinary action had taken place.
"The company obviously deeply regrets the incident that took place but is confident - and this is supported by the DHB independent review - that such an incident does not occur again."
Executive chairperson and founder David Renwick said in a statement: "We take the finding of these investigations extremely seriously and have reinforced to all staff at Palms and throughout the wider group the need to adhere to existing and proven procedures to deliver the very best care, in line with Heritage Lifecare's standards."
Counties Manukau DHB is confident residents at the 120-bed Palms are safe, and says it will keep working with Palms to "ensure an appropriate level of care".
The horror case comes after a Herald review of more than 1000 audit reports for the country's 651 facilities since 2016 found more than a third had significant shortfalls related to resident care.
Consumer NZ believes the Palms Lifecare case shows the auditing system is inadequate and needs to be strengthened – the facility's latest audit resulted in no corrective actions.
• Read the full story here
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
News of the death of Nigel, New Zealand's loneliest gannet, has spread around the world but many paying their respects online to the gannet who spent years trying to seduce a fellow gannet made of concrete.
Nigel moved to Mana Island five years ago and quickly fell in love with one of the 80 concrete decoy gannets on the uninhabited island.
The decoy birds were placed on the island in an attempt to encourage living birds back. Conservationists used the decoy birds along with the sound of gannet calls broadcast over solar-powered speakers to try to attract a colony of gannets onto the pest-free island.
Nigel, for many years the only living gannet on Mana, fell in love with one of the decoys. They spent a long time building a nest of seaweed and twigs on the edge of a cliff near their concrete love, in a desperate bid to steal the bird's concrete heart.
Advertisement
Over the years, conservationists spotted Nigel's courtship of the concrete bird, grooming their concrete feathers and chatting to them lovingly.
After years with nothing but fake concrete birds for company, Nigel no mates gained some living company, when three other gannets joined them on the island. Still, they remained faithful to their concrete gannet.
Nigel's body was found lifeless, near their concrete love.
"I certainly feel sad, having had them sit there year after year with their concrete mate," Mana Island Conservation ranger Chris Bell told Fairfax.
"It would have been nice if they had been able to hold on a few more years and found a partner and bred.
"I think it must have been quite a frustrating existence. Whether or not they were lonely, they certainly never got anything back, and that must have been very strange experience, when they spent years courting. I think we all have a lot of empathy for him, because they had this fairly hopeless situation," the ranger told the Guardian.
A poem penned in honour of Nigel, the gannet: To Nigel You stayed awhile on Mana Island, Attracted by your concrete... Posted by Friends of Mana Island on Wednesday, 31 January 2018
Nigel's life may have been a lonely one but they are, ultimately, responsible for bringing more gannets on to the island.
"He was an attraction that helped bring in other birds – gannets like to nest where a gannet has nested before. It's really sad they died, but it wasn't for nothing," Bell added.
All over the world, people are mourning the loss of Nigel and vowing to always remember him.
That Nigel the gannet story breaks my heart and I swear the next male pet I get will be named after him.
Duck, cat, dog, cow, horse, rooster. I don't care.
They will be called Nigel. — toni (@ToniLyn_) February 3, 2018
just read about nigel the lonely gannet and shed genuine tears that's the rest of my year ruined 😭 — rebekah (@madness_hastwo) February 3, 2018
Teleradiology is the practice of interpretation and analysis of medical images by a radiologist who is not present at the site where the images are generated. This service is utilised by hospitals, emergency care centres, telemedicine companies, and other clinics. Teleradiology services enable radiologists to use online services in order to improve patient care and treatment without the need to be physically present on site. The global teleradiology services market is estimated to reach a market valuation of US$ 1,971.4 Mn by the end of 2016 and register a CAGR of 21.0% over the forecast period (2016–2026).
The global teleradiology services market is segmented on the basis of process type, service type, modality, end user and region.
The Certified Reporting Services Process segment dominated the global market in terms of revenue in 2015 and is expected to retain its dominance throughout the forecast period. The Preliminary Reporting segment is anticipated to be the second most lucrative segment in the global teleradiology services market.
The Emergency Nighthawk segment is anticipated to register the fastest CAGR over the forecast period. The Day Time Coverage segment is expected to be the second most lucrative segment in the global teleradiology services market.
The CT Scans segment dominated the global teleradiology services market in 2015 and is projected to remain dominant throughout the forecast period. The X-Ray Scans segment is expected to be the second most lucrative market segment.
The Hospital Pharmacies segment currently accounts for the highest revenue share in the global teleradiology services market due to an increasing usage of teleradiology services in hospital ICU and CCU. The Clinics segment is expected to be the second most lucrative segment in the global teleradiology services market.
U.S. dominated the global teleradiology services market in terms of revenue in 2015 and is likely to emerge as the most attractive regional market. The EU5 region is projected to be the second most lucrative regional market.
Request A Sample of Report: https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-2100
Summary of Table of Content
1. Teleradiology Services Market – Executive Summary
2. Teleradiology Services Market Introduction
3. Teleradiology Services Market Analysis Scenario
4. Teleradiology Services Market Dynamics
5. Global Teleradiology Services Market Analysis and Forecast, By Process Type
6. Global Teleradiology Services Market Analysis and Forecast, By Service Type
7. Global Teleradiology Services Market Analysis and Forecast, By Modality
8. Global Teleradiology Services Market Analysis and Forecast, By End Users
9. Global Teleradiology Services Market Analysis and Forecast, By Region
10. US Teleradiology Services Market Analysis and Forecast
11. OUS Teleradiology Services Market Analysis and Forecast
12. Competition Landscape
Request to Browse Full Table of Content, figure and Tables @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/teleradiology-services-market/toc
Contact Us
616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018,
Valley Cottage, NY 10989,
United States
T: +1-347-918-3531
F: +1-845-579-5705
T (UK): +44(0)20-7692-8790
Sales: sales@futuremarketinsights.com
Website: http://www.futuremarketinsights.com
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — A Chinese company building a key rail link in Malaysia said Wednesday that it has been told to suspend work pending negotiations, and urged the new Malaysian government elected two months ago to honor the contract.
The suspension came just a day after Finance Minister Lim Guan Eng called for a sharp price reduction in the 688-kilometer (430-mile) East Coast Rail Link after discovering that the project's actual cost is 81 billion ringgits ($20 billion), nearly 50 percent higher than that estimated by the previous government.
The project is a key part of China's regional Belt and Road infrastructure initiative connecting Malaysia's west coast to rural eastern states. It is largely financed by China and the main contract was awarded in 2016 to China Communication by former Prime Minister Najib Razak, who was defeated in May 9 elections.
Lim has said the project's final cost included land acquisition, interest, fees and other operational costs. They said negotiations will be held as the project can only be financially and economically feasible with a "drastic" price cut by China Communication.
Advertisement
China Communication said it regrets the suspension and urged the new government to "honor and respect" the contract signed with Najib's administration. It said no duration was given for the suspension and that it could spark additional costs, losses and damages.
"We hope that both sides will be able to find a win-win solution through sincere negotiation with good will. We also hope that the suspension will be lifted as soon as possible," it said in a brief statement.
Lim has said the government has given China Communication 10 billion ringgit ($2.5 billion) in advance payment and 9.67 billion ringgits ($2.4 billion) as a progress payment. The advance payment can be recovered in a "worst case scenario" if the project is withdrawn, they added.
Malaysia's new government has axed a high-speed rail line to Singapore because it is too costly and is reviewing other large infrastructure projects financed by China. The cost-cutting came after officials revealed the national debt has surged sharply, partly due to corruption under Najib's rule.
Najib was charged Wednesday for criminal breach of trust and corruption arising from investigations into alleged corruption at the 1MDB state investment fund.
Listen: Medical research and the NHS
Siona Jenkins and guests on how collaboration between health researchers and specialists will be affected by Brexit, as well as whether reciprocal rights to access treatment for EU and UK citizens will continue.
Loyola Marymount University has announced the students named to the Dean's List for the spring 2013 semester.
Among them are Alejandro Vega and Christopher Helkey, both of Santa Barbara.
Students named to the Dean's list have completed 15 semester hours at LMU and earned a cumulative grade point average of 3.5 or better. Additionally, a student must have completed all of their or their courses and never received an F in any course.
Located between the Pacific Ocean and downtown Los Angeles, Loyola Marymount University is a comprehensive university offering 60 major programs, 36 master's degrees and a doctoral degree in education from four colleges, two schools and Loyola Law School. Founded in 1911, LMU is ranked third in “Best Regional Universities-West” by U.S. News & World Report. LMU is the largest Jesuit Catholic university for undergraduates on the West Coast with more than 5,900 undergraduate students and more than 3,000 graduate and law students.
Click here for more LMU news and events.
— Mason Stockstill represents Loyola Marymount University.
Today, salmon lovers across the country can order sockeye salmon from Pride of Bristol Bay and have it delivered directly to their homes and businesses. A portion of proceeds from every order placed will go directly to efforts to protect Bristol Bay from the Pebble Mine proposal.
"Trout Unlimited is thrilled to partner with Pride of Bristol Bay to bring a little bit of this iconic place into homes and onto grills nationwide," said Nelli Williams of Trout Unlimited. "By purchasing salmon from Pride of Bristol Bay, consumers can feel good about where their salmon comes from, while also supporting critical work to ensure that this national treasure is around for future generations to use and enjoy."
The company, founded by fisherman Matt Luck in 2015, will donate 10 percent of all profits to Trout Unlimited's Save Bristol Bay program. The program works to safeguard Bristol Bay, Alaska's pristine watershed and wild salmon populations from the proposed Pebble Mine, which if built, would be a massive, toxic open-pit mine in the headwaters of Bristol Bay's most productive salmon rivers.
"Whether you fish with a net or a rod and reel, we all understand the importance of clean water and intact fish habitat in Bristol Bay. Pebble is a threat to local communities, the commercial fishing industry and a hunting and fishing paradise," said Williams. "This partnership is one of many examples of commercial and sport fishermen standing together to advocate for Bristol Bay's fisheries and clean water. We hope people will join us by ordering salmon and voting with their forks to safeguard our fisheries and communities."
To learn more about Pride of Bristol Bay and order a box of sustainable Bristol Bay Alaska sockeye delivered to your door, visit: www.prideofbristolbay.com. To learn more about Trout Unlimited's efforts to protect Bristol Bay, Alaska visit: www. savebristolbay.org.
A rifle-wielding attacker opened fire on Republican lawmakers at a congressional baseball practice overnight, wounding House GOP Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana and several others as members of congress and aides dove for cover.
The assailant, prepared with "a lot of ammo," fought a gun battle with police before he, too, was shot and later died.
Scalise dragged themselves off the infield leaving a trail of blood as colleagues rushed to their assistance.
A government official identified the shooter as James. T. Hodgkinson of Illinois.
Capitol Police officers who were in Scalise's security detail wounded the shooter, who was taken into custody. The attacker later died of their injuries, President Donald Trump told the nation from the White House.
"Everyone on that field is a public servant," Trump said. "Their sacrifice makes democracy possible."
Scalise, 51, the No. 3 House Republican leader first elected to the House in 2008, was in stable condition and undergoing surgery. The popular and gregarious lawmaker is known for their love of baseball and handed out commemorative bats when they secured the No. 3 job of House whip several years ago.
Rep. Jeff Duncan of South Carolina said they had just left the practice and encountered the apparent gunman in the parking lot before the shooting. The man calmly asked which party's lawmakers were practicing and Duncan told them they were the Republicans. The man thanked him.
The shooting occurred at a popular park and baseball complex in Alexandria, Virginia, where Republican lawmakers and others were gathered for a morning practice.
The team was taking batting practice when gunshots rang out and chaos erupted.
Scalise was fielding balls on second base when they were shot, according to lawmakers present, then dragged themselves into the outfield to get away from the gunman.
Rep. Mo Brooks, an Alabama Republican, said their colleague "crawled into the outfield, leaving a trail of blood."
"We started giving them the liquids, I put pressure on their wound in their hip," Brooks said.
Texas Rep. Joe Barton, still in their baseball uniform, told reporters a shooter came out to the practice and opened fire, shooting at Rep. Trent Kelly, R-Miss., who plays third base.
"He shot at Steve Scalise, our second baseman. They hit Steve Scalise," Barton said, "Scalise's security detail and the Capitol Hill police immediately returned fire, and Alexandria Police also immediately came and began to return fire. They shot the shooter. The security detail saved a lot of lives because they attacked the shooter."
Barton said the shooting lasted 5-10 minutes, and there were dozens or more of shots fired.
PARIS: Neymar wasted no time in making an impact on the field for Paris Saint-Germain, scoring on their debut in a 3-0 win at Guingamp and declaring they felt “more alive than ever”.
The Brazilian world record signing was handed a start by coach Unai Emery for the game in Brittany, two days after international clearance came through for their 222 million-euro ($261 million) switch from Barcelona.
The 25-year-old, at home in PSG's all yellow change kit, played a part in the own goal scored by Jordan Ikoko that gave the away side the lead early in the second half.
They then set up the second goal for Edinson Cavani with a superb pass in behind the Guingamp defence before completing a comfortable victory with their team's third goal eight minutes from the end as PSG made it two wins from two to start the French season.
“People think that leaving Barça is to die, but no, it's the opposite,” Neymar told reporters.
“I'm more alive than ever. I play, I'm very happy, and football is the same. Only the country, the city and the team change, but football is the same.”
Guingamp coach Antoine Kombouare, a former PSG player, described Neymar as a “phenomenon”.
“It's been a long time since I have seen such a phenomenon. All their teammates want to play with them and they bring competition,” said Kombouare.
“Everyone gets more time because of him, they can accelerate and make a difference. We're happy that we don't have to play PSG every weekend.”
Despite the many distractions of the last couple of weeks, including trips to China, Portugal and the French Riviera and glitzy presentations to the media and PSG fans, Neymar lasted the full 90 minutes.
They had taken the place of Javier Pastore in the Paris side in the only change from last week's 2-0 win over Amiens, completing a 350 million-euro front three with fellow South Americans Cavani and Angel Di Maria.
Neymar was one of four Brazilians in the PSG line-up, not including Brazil-born Italy midfielder Thiago Motta, for the game played before a sell-out crowd at the 18,000-capacity Stade du Roudourou.
Guingamp, a sleepy little town 500 kilometers west of Paris with a population of barely 7,000, may have been a slightly incongruous setting for such an occasion but the match was broadcast live in more than 180 countries according to their new club.
That was a sign of the interest generated worldwide by Neymar's transfer, which Qatar-owned PSG hope will help them conquer Europe after so far coming up short in the Champions League in recent seasons.
Quality players
Emery's side are also desperate to regain the French crown after losing out to Monaco last season.
“I'm very happy. The main thing was to win. The team played well and I played well,” Neymar, speaking in Spanish, told Canal Plus, after the match.
“It is always very important to score, not just in the first game. This is a very big challenge for me as a person, but we have a great team.”
Neymar, playing mainly as an inside left, threatened sporadically in the opening stages before their cross in the 35th minute found compatriot Marquinhos, who headed against the woodwork.
They then watched as a Cavani free-kick was tipped over by Karl-Johan Johnsson as the first half ended goalless.
But PSG needed just seven minutes of the second half to get the breakthrough with Neymar involved in the build-up as Ikoko tried to play the ball back to Johnsson and succeeded only in passing it into their own net.
Neymar then released Cavani with a delightful pass as the Uruguayan slotted home the second goal just after the hour mark.
All that was missing was a goal of their own and that arrived eight minutes from the end as Neymar finished from close range following a Cavani cutback.
AFP
Facebook on Tuesday published the internal guidelines used by its community operations team to police content shared on the social network. The tech titan for years has shared its community standards policy with users but this marks the first time that Facebook has shared the guidelines it uses to enforce its standards.
Monika Bickert, Vice President of Global Policy Management at Facebook, said they decided to post their internal guidelines for two reasons. For starters, the guidelines will help people understand where Facebook draws the line with regard to nuanced issues. Furthermore, Facebook believes that sharing the guidelines will make it easier for everyone to provide feedback which will help the social network improve them over time.
The guidelines are broken down into six main categories – Violence and Criminal Behavior, Safety, Objectionable Content, Integrity and Authenticity, Respecting Intellectual Property and Content-related Requests – each with their own sub-categories. The guidelines are quite extensive so for the sake of brevity, we won't be detailing each category here although you're welcome to click through to each section using the links above.
Bickert also revealed that for the first time, Facebook is now giving users the right to appeal decisions. This means that if you don't agree with Facebook removing an individual post or feel they have made a mistake, you can ask for a second opinion.
The right to appeal is important. Facebook has more than 7,500 content reviewers working around the clock alongside advanced AI to identify posts, pictures or other types of content that violate Facebook's community standards. That may sound like a lot of people but when you consider the social network has more than two billion active users, it's clear that Facebook's resources are spread incredibly thin and mistakes can easily happen.
The judge will review the Greeley Tribune Colorado Open Records Act request at “the earliest practicable time,” but it's unclear when that will be.
In addition to the one known complaint against Weld County Commissioner Sean Conway, five other female county employees have complained about Conway's behavior toward them, according to a petition filed by Weld County in Weld District Court.
Weld County attorneys on Tuesday filed a motion with Weld District Court seeking the court's opinion on the release of records requested by The Greeley Tribune.
The records relate to a harassment complaint against Conway, as well as a subsequent investigation and report by Mountain States Employer Counsel. County commissioners, including Conway, discussed that report during executive session Monday morning, and The Tribune requested the report Monday afternoon.
But it's likely that report covers more than just the one official harassment complaint filed Nov. 28, 2016, by a former employee who said Conway went on a profanity-laced tirade during a phone call that morning. The woman who filed the report quit shortly after.
In the petition, Weld County lays out a timeline, including Weld County Human Resource Director Patricia Russell's call to Mountain States seeking the organization's investigative services to look into the complaint.
A Mountain States investigator asked Russell whether there were other employees who expressed similar complaints.
“Ms. Russell responded that they were aware of at least five other women who had complained about Commissioner Conway's actions and demeanor towards them, but had not wished to file written complaints with Ms. Russell for fear of retaliation,” according to court records.
Russell is later paraphrased as saying Conway's actions created a hostile work environment for the women interviewed, and the petition cites county code related to intimidation, ridicule and insult.
It's unclear whether Conway would be open to any sort of consequences, as they are an elected official and is specifically not an employee according to county code.
Conway did not return requests for comment on this story.
The question of whether the document is released likely hangs on the nature of the harassment complaints against Conway. Commissioners cited a section of law related to sexual harassment while going into executive session Monday.
That section would prevent the release of investigations or reports related to sexual harassment, but not harassment generally, and a judge will be tasked with making that distinction.
“All sexual harassment is harassment, but not all harassment is sexual harassment,” said Tribune and Colorado Freedom of Information Coalition attorney Steve Zansberg, explaining the possible distinction a judge might find.
If a judge determines the harassment complaints aren't sexual in nature, The Tribune likely will get the records, Zansberg said.
The Mountain States report is 17 pages long and includes 149 pages of attachments. Each commissioner was given a copy during their Monday executive session, but each were required to turn the reports over at the end of the session. The reports are being kept at the Weld County Administration Building human resources offices under lock and key.
—Tyler Silvy covers city and county government for The Greeley Tribune. Reach them at tsilvy@greeleytribune.com. Connect with them at Facebook.com/TylerSilvy or @TylerSilvy on Twitter.
Get Black Country updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Black Country animal rescue centre has appealed for help after the weight of recent snow caused its two aviaries to collapse.
No birds have been lost at the Brockswood Animal Sanctuary in Sedgely but the aviaries need urgent repair work in case new birds arrive.
The cost of the damage is estimated at £4,700 and it's the second time this year the site has been hit by adversity after part of an Anglo-Saxon style education project was torched by vandals.
Volunteer Steve Austin said: “One of the aviaries is about 40ft by 30ft and the other is about a third of the size.
“At the moment we have eight ducks and two peacocks - and you'd be surprised how far a peacock flies when it wants to.
“They haven't been able to escape and there have been no injuries as far as we can see.
“But the aviaries have collapsed in on themselves after we had from six to eight inches of snow which broke the main beams.”
The not-for-profit organisation has been run in its current form for 12 years.
It does not buy animals in for show but often works in conjunction with the RSPCA after it has rescued pets.
The sanctuary's current stock includes a donkey, ponies, pheasants, cockatiels and a fox that had been abandoned by its mother.
“We just take rescue animals and never know what's coming in from day to day,” said Steve.
“People are always dumping chickens off in our car park.
“It would be great if anyone can help us out, either with donations of perhaps if a timber yard had any spare 2x4 timber or meshing.
“The large aviary would be capable of holding 20 birds and needs to be ready for multiple purposes depending on what comes in.”
Visitors can pay to visit Brockswood Animal Sanctuary as a day out, with admission costing £4.30 for adults and £2.70 for children. There is a small cafe and gift shop, too.
Also on site is the Proteus Reptile Trust but that is not open for public visits.
If you can help the sanctuary to repair its aviaries, either with donations of money, materials or time, please contact the centre using the information below.
Brockswood Animal Sanctuary is at Catholic Lane, Sedgley, Dudley DY3 3YE. Tel 01902 884390. For the website click here and for the Facebook site click here
Its mission statement says: “We care for and rehabilitate sick, injured, abused and in many cases abandoned and unwanted animals; giving them a safe and happy Forever Home here with us.”
Weather permitting, the sanctuary is currently open on Saturdays and Sundays until Christmas from 10am-4pm (last entry 3pm).
A school bus and an RTC bus crashed in east Las Vegas Friday afternoon, according to the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department.
The crash happened at the intersection of Hollywood Boulevard and Sahara Avenue at 3:03 p.m. Police said approximately two kids were on the school bus and 20 people were on the RTC bus. No injuries were reported.
Police did not say what caused the crash.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Language Consultancy Services Pvt. Ltd. is one of the main suppliers of record interpretation, eLearning Translation, eLearning Localization, Voice Over Services administrations. We offer interpretation, eLearning Translation, eLearning Localization, Voice Over Services benefits in all the Indian, Asian, European and African dialects. With the topographical limits being expanded and world turning into a minute, dialect boundary must be evacuated. With the extensive variety of interpretation administrations offered by LCS® in dialect, innovation (programming limitation) and work area distributing you can without much of a stretch focus to enter any topography!
LCS® is a solid name in the realm of interpretation. We have practical experience in offering interpretation, eLearning Translation, eLearning Localization, Voice Over Services benefits in authoritative archives, budgetary reports, and restorative diaries. Aside from these, we offer multi-lingual administrations in the accompanying fields:
• Telecommunication
• Medical
• Educational
• Technology
• Finance
• Legal
• Health
LCS® is an eminent name is putting forth interpretation, eLearning Translation, eLearning Localization, Voice Over Services benefits in different dialects, for example, Chinese, English, Portuguese, Spanish, Hindi, German, Danish, and Italian. For broad data on interpretation benefit that we give, see the rundown underneath:
• English to Chinese interpretation
• English to Danish interpretation
• English to French interpretation
• English to Italian interpretation
• English to German interpretation
• English to Hindi interpretation
• English to Italian interpretation
• English to Japanese interpretation
• English to Portuguese interpretation
• English to Spanish interpretation
• Chinese to English interpretation
• Danish to English interpretation
• French to English interpretation
• German to English interpretation
• Hindi to English interpretation
• Italian to English interpretation
• Japanese to English interpretation
• Portuguese to English interpretation
• Spanish to English interpretation
You simply name the dialect and you will get the interpretation benefit for the same at LCS®!
Presently an inquiry emerges, would we say we are offering some benefit for cash interpretation administrations? We guarantee our customers that at LCS® Pvt. Ltd. we esteem the renown of our customers. We give them the best interpretation arrangements as we have around 4000 committed dialect interpreters who are sufficiently prepared to cling to proficient norms and process. The work is appointed to the interpreters based on their experience, specialization, consistence execution, and enthusiasm to guarantee up-to-the stamp phrasing use. We additionally have a group of multi-lingual Quality Evaluators who guarantee the nature of interpretations. We additionally utilize Feline devices, for example, SDLX and Trados to build up dialect precision.
Learning is an endless procedure and particularly in our dialect arrangement field, where interpreters are required to be refreshed about the most recent dialect languages. LCS® ensures that our interpreters go to the compulsory instructional meetings widely implied for that reason where interpreters are refreshed about the semantic change in their particular space tasks.
Contact Us:-
Ranjan Kumar
Language Consultancy Services Pvt. Ltd.
T-6 Anupam Plaza, 3rd Floor, Sri Aurobindo Marg,
Kalu Sarai, Hauz Khas, New Delhi-110 016, INDIA
Tel: +91-11-46040261, Mob: +91 9810441212
Email: info@languageconsultancyservices.com
Website: www.languageconsultancyservices.com
The torrential rain that has affected parts of England and Wales is coming to Northern Ireland.
The hot weather, which reached a 2018 record of 25.3 Celsius (78F) in Castlederg on yesterday (Tuesday) and 23.3 C (74 F) at Thomastown in Fermanagh today, is set to dip a bit tomorrow.
There are likely to be one or two showers this afternoon.
But the heavy downpours are expected on Friday, including hail and lightening in places.
It is still set to be warm, over 20C (66 F), until after the rain. The weekend will be drier again but cooler, with maximums around 19C (68 F).
In Great Britain, there has been heavy rain in places since Sunday, causing flooding, travel disruption and power cuts.
The thunderstorms rumbled on into today (Wednesday).
Those off work or school for half-term were warned to beware of potential flash floods and sudden worsening of visibility.
A Met Office spokesperson said: “It's fairly normal weather for us to see thunderstorms through the summer months as temperatures warm up. Thunderstorms are caused by the warmer air.”
One elderly man lost their lives in the early hours of Monday when their vehicle became submerged in Walsall.
“I want to be a doctor when I grow up. I want to treat sick children,” said Alvhane Avert Esteves, who appears to be normal little girl that has a big dream, except for their bald head.
AA, who turns four on May 26, has High Risk Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia (ALL), a type of cancer in which the bone marrow makes too many immature lymphocyte white blood cells.
AA did not display any signs of illness until April 30 last year when they complained of pain in their feet after they went swimming. The following day, AA was already limping and was soon unable to walk.
I parents, Venus and Albert, soon brought them to a doctor, who told them that AA's white blood cell count of 32,000 was way too high from the normal range of 4,000 to 11,000 and may suggest ALL.
Stage of denial
“We were in denial when the doctor told us about the diagnosis. It's hard to accept. They were just two years old then,” Venus said, but several painful confirmatory tests later confirmed the sad situation.
“Mahirap po tanggapin nung una kasi inalagaan ko siya mula nung pinagbubuntis ko, hanggang sa ipinanganak ko siya. Basta ang unang sumagi sa isip ko noong nalaman ko, ilalaban ko siya,” Venus said.
AA was diagnosed with ALL on May 11, 2017, just 15 days before their third birthday. Them pediatrician advised immediate chemotherapy since early medication, usually spanning five years, can cure most cases of ALL.
But Albert was already having a hard time paying AA's current bill even before the start of chemotherapy, so they sought the help of Mayor Antolin Oreta 3rd, who in turn endorsed their case to PCSO.
“We at PCSO are very happy whenever a local government official shows concern for sick constituents like this case of AA,” said PCSO GM Alexander Balutan, who helped the Esteveses settle their current hospital bill and promised assistance during chemotherapy.
Battle for life
Once treatment began, the Esteveses had to make sure that AA did not contract an infection that could cause complications and hinder them treatment.
“Kasi po madali siyang makapitan ng virus dahil sa sakit niya, kaya talagang iniingatan ko talaga siya na hindi siya makakuha ng infection, para tuloy-tuloy lang ang gamutan sa kanya. May treatment protocol kasi kaming sinusunod,” Venus said.
For two months, AA could not walk, and was only able to walk again after their third chemotherapy session. AA endured almost a year of treatment, including chemotherapy, blood transfusions, and bitter maintenance medicine.
But they have grown so used to it that they even offer their arm whenever they see a medical worker with a needle and has asked their mother to take videos and pictures of them every treatment.
“Gusto niya kasing pinapanuod sarili niya pagkatapos, at pinapakita niya mga videos niya sa kapatid niya, mga pinsan at mga kaibigan niya,” Venus said.
Even the doctors at the University of Santo Tomas Hospital, where they had their chemotherapy, have coined a moniker for AA: “Munting Mandirigma” or “Little Fighter.”
“Kasi sa kabila ng pinagdadaanan niya, fight lang siya nang fight, kaya talagang na-inspire sa kanya mga doctor at kung tawagin nga siya ay ‘little fighter',” Venus said.
Last February, when AA completed six chemotherapy sessions, they were asked to do a ramp walk during one hospital event to help inspire other patients, particularly those their age, to be brave and strong in fighting their leukemia.
But the fight is far from over. AA still needs to undergo radiation treatment and undergo continuing maintenance medication to make sure that the cancer is gone.
“Maraming salamat po sa PCSO, halos monthly po lumalapit kami sa PCSO para sa chemotherapy ng anak ko, ngayon po radiation na niya sana po tulungan po kami ulit ng PCSO, lalong-lalo na po sa maintenance ni AA,” Venus said who also thanked Oreta and all those people who helped their family.
Oreta also thanked PCSO which continues to help other Malabon residents.
“Sobrang dami ang natutulungan ng PCSO. In fact, I'm endorsing roughly at least 10 patients a day, so in a week that's 50 patients. Mismo yung mga tao are clamoring to be endorsed to PCSO kasi nga may tulong na nakukuha talaga. Natutuwa ako kasi whenever I endorse it's as good as done,” Oreta said.
LIZ LAGNITON
Somali survivors described harrowing scenes of the night-long siege of a popular Mogadishu restaurant by al-Shabab Islamic extremists that was ended by security forces today.
omali men carry away the body of a civilian who was killed in a militant attack on a restaurant in Mogadishu, Somalia. Source: Associated Press
At least 17 people, including foreigners, were dead, police and an ambulance driver said.
Survivors of the attack were led by soldiers from the Pizza House restaurant building.
The bodies of five girls thought to have been killed by the militants were found in the restaurant, said police.
Inside the building, the body of a Syrian man who worked as a chef at restaurant lay near the rubble of a blood-spattered and bullet-marked wall.
Al-Shabab claimed responsibility as the restaurant was under siege.
Soldiers surrounded the restaurant building and used guns mounted on the backs of vehicles to neutralize the militants.
Troops entered the ground floor while the insurgent snipers held positions upstairs.
All five attackers were killed and after dawn the soldiers secured the building, said senior Somali police office Captain Mohamed Hussein.
The troops' efforts to take control of the Pizza House restaurant were slowed by the darkness of night, forcing them to wait until morning, said Hussein.
Survivors recounted harrowing stories of hiding under tables, as armed attackers continued firing in the restaurant and hunted for patrons. Attackers moved from room to room, looking for people, said a survivor.
The attack began yesterday when a car bomb exploded at the gate to the restaurant and then gunmen posing as military forces stormed into the establishment.
The roofs were blown off the restaurant and nearby buildings from the powerful blasts.
The National Rifle Association took a shot at YETI coolers and created a stir. Now the company that markets a line of fashionable and expensive products has fired back.
On April 20, the NRA sent a letter to its members saying that YETI coolers had cut ties with the organization.
With a day to let the smoke settle, literally in some cases, YETI responded to the NRA's claims.
In a post on Twitter, the company said that a few weeks ago it notified the NRA Foundation and other organizations that it was “eliminating a group of outdated discounting programs.”
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
SHARE COPY LINK To protest Yeti's decision to cut ties with the NRA, Bryan Atkinson fills their cooler with ammonia nitrate and aluminum powder, takes aim at it with their AR-15, and.. Bryan Atkinson
“When we notified the NRA Foundation and the other organizations about this change, YETI explained that we were offering them an alternative customization program broadly available to consumers and organizations, including the NRA Foundation,” the statement read. “These facts directly contradict the inaccurate statement the NRA-ILA distributed on April 20.”
The said "YETI has declined to do business with The NRA Foundation saying they no longer wish to be an NRA vendor, and refused to say why. They will only say they will no longer sell products to The NRA Foundation.” NRA letter
Some NRA supporters responded to the news by planning a boycott of the popular line of coolers and other products, including apparel. One South Carolina man took their anger with YETI a step further.
Bryan Atkinson filled theirs , placed it in a field, then shot it with their AR-15 rifle. YETI cooler with explosives
Copycats followed Atkinson's lead, and the hashtag #YetiCoolerChallenge has been trending. Many people made social media posts where they got creative in the ways they destroyed their YETI products, the reported. Washington Post
The dispute between the NRA and YETI comes after a number of businesses have distanced themselves from the NRA or gun manufacturers following several high-profile shootings.
Companies ranging from airlines to rental car companies ended discounts for NRA members, the reported. Chicago Tribune
Some NRA members have taken to social media to dispute YETI's statement, with it being called damage control. But YETI has said it remains a strong supporter of the the Second Amendment.
"YETI is unwavering in our belief in and commitment to the Constitution of the United States and its Second Amendment," the company tweeted.
U.S. Sen. Rand Paul says they were in the batting cage at a baseball field in Virginia when a gunman opened fire and critically wounded a Louisiana member of congress.
In a news release, Paul confirmed they were at a practice for the upcoming congressional baseball game when the shooting started Wednesday. They said they are "shaken but unharmed."
Paul told MSNBC earlier on Wednesday that they saw U.S. Rep. Steve Scalise was shot and trying to drag themselves into the outfield grass. They said they heard between 50 and 60 shots and hid behind a tree with a congressional staff member. Paul said the two escaped in a car driven by another staff member.
Paul said Capitol Hill police officers saved many lives by returning fire.
Our celebration of the Most Powerful Women in Banking and Finance had to be the most fun master class on how to have a successful career ever.
All of the dynamic keynote speakers offered at least some advice in their speeches — on everything from how to build confidence and credibility to how to build a strong team.
Bank of America's Cathy Bessant, who ranked No. 1 on the banking list, urged the honorees to be more vocal in their support of other women. “I have to admit, I've had those moments myself where I was reluctant to be the woman in the room pulling for other women,” they said. “Those days have to be over.”
JPMorgan Chase's Mary Callahan Erdoes, who ranked No. 1 on the finance list, had the funniest story of the evening, recounting what happened on one of the many working weekends during the financial crisis when they had to bring their young children to the office with them You can read about it in this overview of the event, which also includes video snippets from the speakers.
Mary Navarro of Huntington and Linda Verba of TD Bank accepted Lifetime Achievement awards, and both shared some of the most important lessons they learned along the way.
The gala for the Most Powerful Women in Banking and Finance took place Thursday night at Cipriani Wall Street. Doug Goodman
Huntington CEO Steven Steinour took the stage to introduce Navarro, and at least half a dozen other CEOs also dotted the crowd. They included TD's Greg Braca, Ally's Jeff Brown, HSBC's Pat Burke, U.S. Bank's Andy Cecere and KeyCorp's Beth Mooney, along with the incoming CEO at BMO Financial Group, Darryl White. Manolo Sanchez, the chairperson at BBVA Compass, attended as well.
Earlier in the day, honorees attended a special conference exclusively for them, and the speakers included the actor Geena Davis, who talked about the research their Institute for Gender in Media did on how bankers are portrayed in films.
And on Wednesday, the honorees enjoyed an evening of cocktails and conversation at Milk Studios, which you can check out in this slideshow.
Find more videos and all the most recent Most Powerful Women coverage here.
Podcast
An emphasis on straight talk: Ellen Alemany is still relatively new as the chairperson and chief executive at CIT Group, and they are working on creating the kind of culture they want. “We have to be realistic, culture doesn't change overnight,” they said in an interview with American Banker. Them efforts include enforcing a set of six core behaviors, including “straight talk,” in places where CIT felt it hasn't been doing a good job and needed to reinforce, like accountability, risk management, customer focus. Alemany also has quarterly town halls with employees. Listen to a podcast of their full interview with American Banker here, in which they also discuss loan demand and the sentiment of middle-market businesses. Alemany is No. 3 on the banking list this year.
In other news…
Pay dispute: State Street Corp. is getting even more backlash over the Fearless Girl statue this morning, after news broke that it agreed to pay $5 million to settle a complaint that it paid more than 300 women less than male colleagues in similar roles. The U.S. Department of Labor uncovered the alleged discrepancies in a 2012 audit. State Street said it disagrees with the findings of the audit.
The thanks you get: Wells Fargo is extending a 6-year-old fight with a whistleblower, despite a government order to immediately reinstate the former employee. Claudia Ponce de Leon was fired in 2011, three weeks after they called the company's ethics line to report that colleagues were opening fake accounts in order to meet sales goals. Wells has maintained that they were fired because they engaged in inappropriate behavior, not because of their alert about phony accounts. Ponce de Leon has denied the charges, and the Labor Department has sided with them
Shake it up: Nasdaq has launched a new cloud-based portal called Boardvantage to support the sharing of confidential information between corporate executives and board members via platforms like iPads. Since Adena Friedman started as chief executive at the beginning of the year, Nasdaq has ventured outside its marquee businesses of stock trading and listing through acquisitions such as analytics provider eVestment and software company Sybenetix. "We intend to use our strengths in advanced marketplace technology and information analytics, coupled with our deep understanding of market dynamics, to provide actionable intelligence to corporate executives and boards," Friedman said.
Business champions: Cate Luzio, HSBC's global head of international subsidiary banking, and Jean Wynn, BNY Mellon's global head of corporate banking and public finance, have earned spots on the top 10 “Global Champions of Women in Business” list compiled by the Financial Times and workplace diversity advocacy group HERoes. Luzio is a repeat honoree of American Banker's rankings and is on our Women to Watch list this year.
Role call
Pam Joseph, president and chief operating officer of TSYS, has resigned — 17 months after joining the company.
SoFi's top technology executive, June Ou, plans to leave the firm, though their departure date is yet to be determined. Ou, who is the wife of SoFi's ousted CEO, Mike Cagney, is chief technology officer and vice president of engineering. They have worked at the online lender since 2012.
Citigroup has appointed Leslie Ireland to its board. Ireland is a former assistant secretary for intelligence and analysis at the Treasury Department and previously worked for the Central Intelligence Agency.
In case you missed it
Rumor mill: Dealbreaker is excited about the unconfirmed and unacknowledged prospect of Jamie Dimon running for U.S. president and handing the JPM reins to Marianne Lake. “I should brag, too, by the way, 50% of the operating community is now women,” Dimon told Andrew Ross Sorkin at the DeliveringAlpha Conference last month. “Just promoted Lori Beer to run technology and Robin Leopold, the head of HR. So we're really doing a great job. Because they're good. Not because they're women, by the way.” After its analysis of why it would be Lake and not Mary Callahan Erdoes, Dealbreaker concludes: “Shattering a glass ceiling on their way out the door would be the ultimate Dimonian power move, and it would serve them well in the cauldron of bullshit identity politics that will be the 2020 election. Now they just needs to convince their running mate Lloyd Blankfein to find an equally ‘woke' heir apparent.” You can read the full dissection and interpretation here.
Bonnie McGeer contributed to this report.
Team Cassius
How does a girl go from Harlem to Harvard? From working for Beyoncé to helping other women give birth? Natalya Davis's Selfie Story explores their incredible journey through the Ivy League, corporate America and, ultimately, finding their true passion in holistic health.
The music marketing executive-turned- doula and yogi is living proof that you can reinvent yourself as many times as necessary to follow your joy. And they share some of the most important life lessons she's learned along the way in an intimate interview with Cassius.
After running global marketing campaigns for Beyoncé, J. Cole, John Legend, Maxwell and others, getting pregnant changed Natalya's life. “I'm an all-or- nothing sort of person. I took pregnancy seriously!” they recall. For Natalya, that meant acupuncture, yoga, holistic supplements and, ultimately, an unplanned home birth. The experience was so profound, it set them on a life path as far from the boardrooms of Roc Nation and Sony as one could get: becoming a doula.
Natalya says upon realizing that generations of women don't remember their own birth experiences, their mission was clear: to empower and support families as they go through the most earth-shaking experience of their lives. “There's almost a high you get from serving as a doula,” Natalya says. “If it were a drug, it would be illegal.”
Learn more about Natalya's one-of- a-kind journey by watching their Selfie Story, above.
DON'T MISS:
HAUTE OR NAUGHT: Draya Suits Up For Cassius' Sex And Sports Issue
Watch The Moment TeamBeautiful Was Transformed Into Digital Dolls For Cassius Editorial
Cassius Drops #FirstSupper Cover Featuring 30 ‘Unapologetics'
The Monks of Our Lady of Mount Calvary Monastery in Awhum, Udi Local Government Area of Enugu State have promised Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of their continued prayers for the success of their administration, the progress of the state and the county in general.
In a remark during a thanksgiving mass at the Monastery in honour of the newly sworn in Senior Advocate of Nigeria (SAN), Mr. James Ikeyi, Rev. Fr. Paul, on behalf of the Monks, expressed delight at the leadership style of Ugwuanyi, which they said centres on good governance and fear of God.
They applauded the governor for their commitment and interest in the progress of the monastery and equally used the occasion to congratulate them for their election in 2015, describing them as “the man of the people.”
The monks noted that Ugwuanyi's visit to celebrate the first mass of the Year was symbolic and a clear indication of their closeness to God and the interest they have in the monastery.
They pledged to continue to offer special prayers for God's protection in office as well as give them the wisdom, grace, vision and all that are needed to discharge their responsibilities creditably, despite the daunting economic challenges in the country.
“Your Excellency, your coming to Awhum Monastery before and after election has indicated that you have everything in common with the monastery. May the good Lord continue to give you the strength and ability to discharge your responsibilities. We would continue to pray for your administration at Awhum Monastery,” the monks said
In their remark, Governor Ugwuanyi thanked the monks for their continued prayers and kind words of encouragement.
They also congratulated Ikeyi and their entire family for God's favour and love on them.
While wishing the people of Enugu State a happy and prosperous new year, the governor pleaded with the monks to remain steadfast in their prayers for them and the entire state “that God will continue to order our steps to take the state to greater heights.”
Sanjay Dutt was sentenced to a five year jail term in Yerwada jail and the Maharashtra Government released them 8 months prior to completing their term citing "good conduct". The Bombay High Court has questioned the Maharashtra Government's decision to release them early citing good conduct and the court has asked the Govt to justify its decision.
The Court raised questions on whether they were allowed to leave early only because he's a VIP and why they allowed them to spend 100 days outside the jail while they were sentenced. The Court also raised concerns about the parameters based on which Sanjay Dutt was judged and released on the basis of 'good conduct' and has asked the Govt to provide all details
"Also, how did the authorities assess that Dutt's conduct was good? When did they get the time to make such assessment when they were out on parole half the time?," asked a judge at the Bombay High Court, according to the Press Trust of India.
A former head of maths at a Co Down grammar school has been jailed for 13 years for child sex offences.
Patrick James Carton, who taught at St Colman's College in Newry, was described by the judge as a “persistent, predatory and opportunistic offender who abused young people”.
Standing in the dock of Downpatrick Crown Court, sitting in Antrim, the 75-year-old appeared shocked at the sentence while their relatives in the public gallery cried at the verdict.
Carton, of Marguerite Close in Newcastle, Co Down, had been found guilty in March on 29 counts of indecent assault committed on various dates between February 1983 and June 2007.
The sentences for each of their six victims are to be served consecutively, and Judge Brian Sherrard said: “I consider that the global sentence is entirely in keeping with your course of persistent offending.”
A Sexual Offences Prevention Order to run alongside the prison sentence was also imposed, and Carton was ordered to sign the police sex offenders register for the rest of their life.
The trial jury heard that Carton, who also taught at De La Salle in Downpatrick, had given private maths lessons to the victims, abusing them in their own bedrooms.
Jailing the paedophile pensioner, Judge Sherrard told Carton that they had been a “beacon of respectability,” had devoted their career to teaching maths to children “with some considerable success” and was held “in high esteem”.
They added: “All of this contributes to make your fall from grace even greater, and ostensibly a man of good character until 75, it's clear that you have been offending from middle age.”
During the seven-week trial, the jury of seven women and five men heard testimony from each of the six victims, all of them teenagers at the time of the abuse, that Carton had a “star system” of discipline.
Three stars served “as a warning,” four resulted in a smack, five stars got a smack over underwear and six stars meant the pupil was smacked on their or their bare bottom.
The victims gave evidence that on occasions, Carton instructed them to lie on their bed where they smacked them but that in other incidents, they were “put across” their knee.
One woman said the abuse had “ruined” their life, while the male victim recounted how Carton pulled their pants down to smack them while being taught maths at their home, describing one specific incident where they had to “fight them off with their pants around their ankles” because Carton would not stop hitting him.
During police interviews, Carton told police the families had asked them to tutor their children through “word of mouth,” claiming they did not smack the children to punish but in their mind it was to challenge them and had been done with the parents' consent.
They denied gaining any sexual gratification or any criminal wrongdoing, telling police it was “the most effective method” that led to “the best results”.
In court on Wednesday, prosecuting lawyer Laura Levers submitted there were numerous aggravating features to the case, including breaching the trust that was placed in Carton in that they “exploited the tutoring arrangements in order to abuse” the teenagers as well as the “sheer number” of victims spanning some 24 years.
Defence barrister Mark Barlow said Carton “has lost everything ... and now they will be portrayed as a serial sexual offender who abused young teenage girls and a young teenage boy”.
They said while Carton has always accepted the smacking aspect of their offences, they deny and continues to maintain their innocence regarding the more serious sex abuse aspect of the case which leads to “an absence of remorse”.
ASUNCION, Paraguay (AP) — Paraguay's President Horacio Cartes has suffered at least a temporary a setback in their effort to take up a Senate seat once their term ends in August.
Opponents both outside their own party and within it boycotted a congressional session on Wednesday. The lack of a quorum blocked a vote on their resignation request.
They need to leave office by June 30 to be sworn in with other senators because Paraguay's constitution says they can't hold two offices at once.
Cartes couldn't seek re-election and the Senate seat would be a way to extend their political influence. Some experts argue it also might help block any possible prosecution on corruption allegations.
Advertisement
Analysts say Cartes still has plenty of time before the deadline to win enough votes.
Government plans to ban “gay conversion” therapy are an example of “over-reach” by the state, a Co Down man who describes themselves as “ex-gay” has said.
GPs in Northern Ireland have, however, welcomed the move.
The ban will come under a new lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) action plan outlined by the government. The £4.5 million initiative aimed at making society more inclusive for the LGBT community brands so-called “gay cure” conversion therapies “abhorrent”.
The Home Office has confirmed that the ban will “require a UK wide approach”.
A spokesperson said: “Though this is a UK Government Action Plan, it will have varying levels of effect across the four nations of the UK, owing to existing devolution arrangements.
“Some commitments, for example on ending conversion therapy, will require a UK-wide approach.”
The Northern Ireland branch of the The Royal College of General Practitioners (RCGP) welcomed the move.
RCGP chairperson, Professor Helen Stokes-Lampard, said: “Being LGBT is not a disease, it is not a mental illness and it doesn't need a ‘cure'. Any proclamations to the contrary risk causing harm to our gay and trans patients' physical and mental health and well-being, as well as perpetuating discrimination in society.”
That is not the view taken by Dr Mike Davidson, who lives near Hillsborough and runs the Northern Ireland-based Christian organisation Core Issues Trust.
Dr Davidson sought help from “a psychiatrist and psychotherapists” to overcome what they called their “confusion around sexuality”.
They now proclaim themselves to be “ex-gay”, and is married to a woman with whom they have children.
Their organisation offers “support” to “men and women with homosexual issues who voluntarily seek change in sexual preference and expression”.
Responding to news of the government's plan for a ban, Dr Davidson said: “My argument is that this is an overreach of the state in controlling the personal lives of individuals.
“There is an issue about surveillance. If you do this therapy you are going to lose your job as a therapist, you're going to be struck off. And that's one step away, I would argue, from surveillance of clients.”
Describing their own experience, they said: “I was a man who was conflicted in this area and for as long as I can remember, I had these feelings.
“And to cut a long story short, I married. But there was conflict, and there was some confusion around my own sexuality.
“I had the opportuinty to get the help that I needed from a psychiatrist and a psychotherapist. I've been helped, and because of that I've had a successful marriage. This is what is being denied the present generation.”
Shinsuke Nakamura spoke with ESPN earlier this week following their big win at the WWE Royal Rumble pay-per-view. The full interview is at this link and below are highlights:
The Rumble match wins and fans supporting them during the match:
"I believe this is the biggest thing to happen in my career so far. That's until WrestleMania this year which will be the biggest thing in my life."
"I really felt the people behind me. You had (John) Cena, Roman, Randy (Orton), the biggest stars in the WWE and I feel like I'm a new guy, but the WWE Universe really supported me."
See Also WWE WrestleMania 34 Rumored Card
Their WWE NXT run and feeling like he's at home now:
"When I came to NXT, I didn't need to adjust. NXT fans are hardcore wrestling fans. I just had to wrestle and they reacted but when I got called up to SmackDown it was different. There's just a difference in the live events. So last year I had to make an adjustment from NXT to SmackDown like others have done from NXT to Raw. It takes time to adjust but today I finally feel like I'm there. I feel at home. It's hard to choose the words even if I was speaking Japanese. It's hard to find the words."
Facing WWE Champion AJ Styles at WrestleMania 34:
"One of the reasons to come to the WWE was to wrestle at WrestleMania, but to main-event WrestleMania? Wow! I live for this. I have experience wrestling Brock (Lesnar) and AJ, but I really think the people and the audience around the world want to see AJ and me. That's the match everyone wants to see."
Source: ESPN
“I had seen the Spanish boat in my dreams,” said Judith Widianou, who fled violence in the Central African Republic with their partner and their 9-year-old son. “I'm so happy, it's as if God had come to me.”
Them son was sporting a FC Barcelona soccer shirt, given to them by the crew of the Open Arms.
- Advertisement -
“If a person leaves their country, it's because there is danger there,” Widianou said. “Italy must calm its heart and do what it was doing before (rescuing and taking in migrants.) For the love of God.”
On the journey to Spain, some migrants rest while others learn Spanish, writing down basic vocabulary words and phrases in crumpled notebooks.
The ship is set to arrive in Barcelona on Wednesday. The migrants will get 45 days to apply for asylum in Spain or other countries in the European Union. Many have relatives in Germany, Belgium and France.
Honoree Bitcha said they hoped to be granted refugee status in Spain.
The 39-year-old left their native Cameroon in 2014 to look for work. They said their parents died when they were young, leaving them and five younger siblings to fend for themselves.
Khingsley Dokowada, 9, from the Central African Republic, rests on the deck of the Open Arms on Monday.Olmo Calvo / AFP – Getty Images
Like many migrants who end up in Libya while making their way toward Europe, Bitcha said they were enslaved and tortured by criminal gangs that demanded money.
With tears running down their cheeks, Bitcha went down on their knees to demonstrate how their captors whipped them while forcing them to speak to their brother on a cellphone. They wanted their brother to hear their screams after each lash, Bitcha said. The torture continued until their brother could pay their ransom in full, they said.
No wonder their brother was overjoyed when Bitcha called them from the Open Arms on a phone they borrowed from a crew member.
“My only hope is that Spain lets me stay. I count on that,” Bitcha said. “Because if they let me go, I don't know what I'll do with my life.”
YORK, Pa. (AP) — When they walk onto a golf course as one of the few black women on the links, Sandra Harrison fills with pride and hopes their play will dispel stereotypes and disarm their fellow players — who are often white and male.
What they felt playing at the Grandview Golf Club as a new member in their community could not have been more opposite, Harrison said. The 59-year-old retiree said they were traumatized, rattled and hurt after they said they and the group of black women they were playing with were run off the course before police were called when a white man claimed the women were playing too slowly.
"It was like we were playing with targets on our backs," Harrison said. "What other reason could there be other than we were guilty of being black while golfing?"
No charges were filed, but the confrontation Saturday touched a raw nerve after two other somewhat similar incidents. Two black men in Philadelphia were handcuffed and arrested on April 12 after a Starbucks employee called police because they hadn't bought anything in the store. And employees of an LA Fitness in New Jersey wrongly accused a black member and their guest of not paying to work out and called police, prompting an apology from the company.
Advertisement
Harrison and Sandra Thompson said they were at the second hole when representatives of the Grandview Golf Club told the group they were playing too slowly.
"We knew we snapped those balls and moved right ahead," Thompson said in an interview with The Associated Press.
According to Thompson, one of the other women said they were confronted by a man with a posturing, aggressive demeanor who said, "You need to move forward! I'm the owner!"
Not wanting to lose the day, the group attempted to power through the front nine, Harrison said, but the confrontations made them increasingly upset and unable to concentrate on the game.
After the ninth hole, three of the women dropped out and headed home.
"I said, 'I don't want to do this anymore,'" Harrison said. "I was traumatized."
Down to two players, Thompson figured they and their partner could continue without being bothered. Again, they were approached.
The message this time: "Get off our property." The women were informed the police had been called.
After they were questioned, police declined to proceed further. Thompson said they were offered a check refunding their membership, but refused.
On Sunday, club co-owner JJ Chronister told the York Daily Record they called the women personally to "sincerely apologize."
On Monday, they issued a second statement to the newspaper saying players who are slow typically leave the course when asked by club personnel.
"In this instance, the members refused to leave so we called police to ensure an amicable result," the statement reads. It says the women skipped holes and took an extended break.
"During the second conversation we asked members to leave as per our policy noted on the scorecard, voices escalated, and police were called to ensure an amicable resolution," it reads.
It's part of golf etiquette that slow-moving players let groups behind them play through if they are holding things up, and often golf courses have employees who monitor the pace of play, letting golfers know when they are taking too long.
The five are part of a larger group of local women known as Sisters in the Fairway. The group has been around for at least a decade, and all of its members are experienced players who have golfed all over the country and world. They're very familiar with golf etiquette.
"Our name implies that we want to live life in a fair way," Harrison said. We want to be sisters in the fairway, in golf and in life."
Normally, clubs don't allow groups larger than four. Sandra Thompson was the last member to arrive, and checked with a clerk to see if it was OK to join the four others, knowing a fifth member might be an issue. The clerk said it was fine, said Thompson, an attorney and president of the York branch of the NAACP.
Thompson posted a video on their Facebook page showing the interaction with club co-owner Jordan Chronister, their father, former York County Commissioner Steve Chronister, and several other white, male employees.
In it, Jordan Chronister tells the women he's been timing them and that they must leave the premises. The women respond that they took an appropriate break and that the men behind them were still on their beer break and not ready to tee off. The women are then told that the police have been called. And so they wait.
Northern York County Regional Police arrived, conducted interviews and left without charging anyone.
"We were called there for an issue, the issue did not warrant any charges," Northern York County Regional Police Chief Mark Bentzel told the York Daily Record.
JJ Chronister, who owns the club with their husband Jordan Chronister, told the newspaper Sunday that they called the women personally to apologize. They said they hope to meet with them to discuss how the club can use what happened as a learning experience and do better in the future.
___
AP writer Alexandra Villarreal contributed to this report from Philadelphia.
PORTLAND, Ore. — Jaelene Hinkle revealed they decided not to play for the U.S. women's national team last year because their Christian faith prevented them from wearing a jersey that commemorated LGBTQ Pride Month.
Hinkle revealed the reason for their decision last June in an interview posted Wednesday on The 700 Club website. No formal reason for their absence was given by the national team at the time.
"I just felt so convicted in my spirit that it wasn't my job to wear this jersey," they said.
Hinkle has not been called up to the national team since.
A defender, Hinkle plays for the North Carolina Courage of the National Women's Soccer League. The Courage visited the Portland Thorns on Wednesday night, and there were boos heard when they were announced in the starting lineup. Some waved rainbow Pride flags.
Hinkle did not comment after the match.
"She is high on their faith, and in my honest option that's absolutely incredible," teammate Jessica McDonald said. "If she's for God, then that's fine, that's great if that's what keeps them going in their life and keeps positivity in their life, then let that be."
Courage coach Paul Riley said they heard the boos and echoed McDonald's sentiment.
"She's got a good heart, and they battled through the game. It's not an easy thing for her," Riley said. "I give them a lot of credit to be perfectly honest. Whatever their beliefs are, whatever they believe in, that's them It doesn't affect the team. It doesn't seem to affect anybody on the team."
The Courage, who rank atop the NWSL standings, beat the Thorns 4-1.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Homeowners are reporting 'spider season' has started early - with the invasion of arachnids so large they're setting off burglar alarms.
It happens every year when the eight-legged critters enter homes during mating season attracted by the warmth.
Andrew Taylor and their family were alerted to the giant arachnids invading their home by their intruder alarm sounded, reports the Manchester Evening News .
Fearing the worst, due to a spate of recent burglaries in the area, Mr Taylor jumped out of bed to discover that it was in fact a huge spider that had set off the alarm.
But it wasn't just one hairy-legged creepy crawlie, it was several.
Thankfully, their wife managed to safely evict them from the house, which they say has since been ‘spiderproofed' with peppermint spray.
Unlike other methods, peppermint spray prevents the bugs from being harmed.
It encourages them to relocate to your garden, instead.
Here are some top tips on spider removal from the pest control experts at Rentokil:
Vacuum regularly, high and low - particularly sheltered spots such as beneath worktops, backs of cupboards or under/behind large furniture.
Remove noticeable webs on a regular basis.
Fill in gaps - in walls, around pipework and under doors to deter entry.
Remove sheltering sites - like firewood piles, garden bags, compost piles and general clutter from near your property.
Deter all insects - use lighting in a way that is less attractive to the insects (flies) that spiders feed on.
You can also give these additional methods a try to keep the eight-legged creatures out!
Use conkers or horse chestnuts in the corners of the room to deter spiders. There is some form of chemical that repels them.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Peppermint oil, tea tree oil and eucalyptus oil.
Mix 15-20 drops with water in a spray bottle, then spray down corners, cracks and entrances to your home.
The smell will chase them out.
ZAGREB, Croatia (AP) — The creditors of the biggest company in the Balkans, Croatian retailer Agrokor, voted Wednesday to approve a settlement deal that includes giving two Russian banks a stake of over 46 percent.
Some 80 percent of the 450 creditor representatives voted in favor of the deal, which avoids bankruptcy for Agrokor. The company employs 60,000 in the region and accounts for 15 percent of EU member Croatia's economy.
Agrokor collapsed under the weight of 8 billion euros ($9 billion) in debt, including a disputed sum owed to two Russian state-run banks, Sberbank and VTB. The creditors include foreign and Croatian banks, suppliers and bondholders.
The settlement deal includes corporate restructuring that gives the two Russian banks a big stake in the company, prompting fears in Croatia that the Kremlin has been strategically trying to increase its political influence in the European Union's newest member.
Advertisement
According to the settlement, suppliers can expect to receive 60 percent of their claims on the company. Banks will get up to 20 percent, while for bondholders the return will range between 40 and 80 percent of their investment.
The implementation of the deal is expected to last between three to four months after a commercial court formally approves it.
The 49-year-old said it was "a bit odd" shooting such dark scenes.
Coronation Street's Chris Gascoyne has said they struggled with the dark scenes after their character Peter Barlow finds out Billy Mayhew was involved in their sister's death.
Peter is left reeling after Billy (Daniel Brocklebank) admits they were involved in the death of their twin sister Susan Barlow in 2001, and formulates a “mad, misguided revenge plot”.
Gascoyne, 49, said: “It's as dark a story as I have ever had.
“I found it a bit odd playing those scenes because they are so dark. He's very tortured.
“He doesn't go all the way, there's still a decent person in there.
“I struggled with it a bit but in a good way.
“It's very well written but I found it hard to place it with the fact Peter's become quite happy, we've gone back again.”
Daniel Brocklebank (Anthony Devlin/PA)
Billy owns up after they are injured in a fight, because they fear they are going to die.
Gascoyne said: “Peter takes their hand off the wound and watches them start to die, but then comes back to their senses and puts their hand back on again.
“Up to that point it's just shock for Peter, they can't take in what he's just told him. Then later, they start to formulate some sort of mad, misguided revenge plot in their head.”
The plot over the festive period sees Peter force Billy to drink two bottles of vodka, and they also lock them in a car boot.
The actor said after a relatively calm spell for their character it was fun to sink their teeth into something so juicy.
“To play both sides is nice. To be honest they are very well written scenes. I love them. They are quite vicious.”
The actor has previously left the cobbles, before returning, and said they can see themselves leaving Weatherfield again.
“I can, yes, but I can't think ahead too much,” they said.
“If I think, five years or something – it's too far ahead and I'll be getting old then. At the moment, I'm loving it.”
© Press Association 2017
Davenport, Iowa – October 5, 2017 – Elanders Americas has, for the seventh consecutive year, achieved G7® Master Qualification, awarded by Idealliance®, a not-for-profit industry group dedicated to guiding print production best practices, specifications, and standards, worldwide.
Elanders Americas joins a select group of print service providers who have successfully completed training, examination and qualification process of their print production processes, validating their capabilities to the highest level of global industry standards and specifications.
G7 is Idealliance's industry-leading set of best practices for achieving gray balance and is the driving force for achieving visual similarity across all print processes. The application of this method enables printers to reproduce a similar visual appearance across all printing types and substrates.
“Quality and repeatability are important to our customers,” says Don Singleton, Director of Manufacturing at Elanders Americas. “Our commitment to the G7 method demonstrates our dedication to better serving our customer's objectives for brand integrity and consistency across substrates, presses, and print platforms.”
“We applaud Elanders Americas for utilizing the G7 Master Program to assure consistency and quality in their proofing, brand color management and print processes,” commented Steve Bonoff for Idealliance. “G7 Master Qualification demonstrates a level of control and expertise that places Elanders Americas at the top of their field. We applaud their leadership, commitment and support of the G7 Master Qualification Program.”
Brooke Crews, the 'womb raid' killer, was obsessed with babies and kept a secret journal with recipes for abortion.
They were obsessed with serial killers, attacked their husband with a knife and was sizing up other people's children long before they committed the shocking murder of pregnant Savanna Greywind, said news.com.au.
They kept a secret journal which showed their fixation with children and which had recipes for aborting foetuses or bringing on childbirth.
The bizarre and violent life of brutal "womb raider" killer Brooke Lyn Crews across several US states and in Australia looks like a rehearsal for the murder which has now put them behind bars forever.
Advertisement
Grisly details of the attack, which only emerged at their sentence hearing, revealed that Ms Greywind was invited up to Crews' Fargo, North Dakota apartment to help sew a dress.
Prosecutors said the two women argued, and Ms Greywind was pushed and briefly knocked out before Crews began cutting the baby from their womb.
William Hoehn (left) expressed their love for Crews but they became restless and disaffected. Photo / Supplied
Ms Greywind was still alive when this happened, but bled to death and their body was wrapped in plastic and dumped in the Red River, over the Minnesota border outside Fargo.
Them daughter, Haisley Jo, survived and was present in court with Ms Greywind's tearful partner Ashton Matheny as the terrible details were read out.
Now aged 38, Crews will spend life without parole in a North Dakota prison.
But their relationships and encounters with people over the last two decades show Crews was obsessive, had poorly controlled aggression and an ability to frighten people.
Almost a year before they murdered Ms Greywind, Crews crossed paths with a young mother in an eerie encounter.
Roxane Cartwright told Fargo newspaper The Forum that when they saw Crews' arrest on television in August last year "my hair stood up. I knew right away it was her."
Ms Cartwright had stopped at a Fargo restaurant for a meal in September 2016 with their husband and their four sons and daughter.
The couple were driving back from Arkansas after finalising the adoption of their baby daughter.
Family members listen to the sentencing of Brooke Crews for the murder of Savanna LaFontaine-Greywind. Photo / David Samson /The Forum via AP
A woman, who they believe was Crews and who was seated at another table with a man, approached the family and stared at the little girl.
Acting as though they wanted to hold her, Crews repeated, "She's exactly what I want."
Ms Carwtright says their son told the woman, "That's my sister, Sofia," to which they replied, "Sofia, that's the name. That's exactly what I want."
"Her eyes were huge," Ms Cartwright said of the woman they believe was Crews. "She was fixated on my daughter."
Ms Cartwright was so unsettled, they then stood in front of their daughter who was being held by another relative.
Then they took their baby and pretended to breastfeed them as Crews continued to stare, and other customers in the restaurant noticed the bizarre situation.
Crews had been living for five years with William Hoehn, their co-accused in Ms Greywind's murder.
Hoehn, who is being tried separately, was themselves found guilty of fracturing their own baby son's skull six years ago.
Then aged 25, was charged with child neglect or abuse after they brought their son to hospital in January 2011 with fractures near the right ear.
Hoehn told police they came home to the flat they were sharing with Crews to find the bathroom full of blood and Crews holding a baby.
They told him, "This is our baby. This is our family."
Hoehn admitted removing garbage bags containing bloody towels and their own bloody shoes from the apartment and throwing them in a dumpster, but denied killing Ms Greywind.
Crews' motive for murdering Ms Greywind to take their baby may stem from a 2011 miscarriage which rendered them incapable of having more children.
An Australian man who was briefly married to Crews told news.com.au exclusively about the incident, their serial killer obsession and their aggressive behaviour.
Crews, whose maiden name is Doolin, grew up in Florida in an otherwise normal family, but they were a troubled young woman.
In 1995, when they were about 17 years old, they gave birth to a daughter with Florida man Aaron Edwards.
Savanna Greywind's boyfriend Ashton Matheny holds their daughter, Haisley Jo, during the sentencing of Brooke Crews for murder. Photo / AP
Crews worked as an animal technician at a pet store, and as a sales representative.
But after moving away from Florida, they had little to do with Mr Edwards or their daughter until the girl was 14, and Crews contacted them via Facebook.
There was further brief contact with the girl on Facebook, but Mr Edwards heard nothing
of Crews until their arrest for murder.
Crews began having a series of run-ins with the law.
Aged 23, they were jailed in Missouri for passing false cheques, and was later jailed again, in Texas, for a parole violation around the time they were waitering in a Chinese restaurant.
Crews had a string of lovers and prided themselves on it, but in 2006 they married Minnesota carpenter, Carl Crews.
The couple had two children and Brooke worked as an administrative assistant for Carl Crews' Carpentry.
The marriage faltered after three years, and Brooke took off for California, but they returned to the marital home.
Them ex-husband reported they were a meticulous record and journal keeper.
In old journals uncovered since their arrest, Crews wrote about their various lovers and about home births and abortions, HPR reported.
The disturbing notes include a list of items for a "childbirth kit", such as scissors, blades, clamps and gloves, plus the hormone Oxytocin which can cause labour contractions or induce abortion.
In 2010, 2011 and 2012, Crews visited Australia, the third visit happening just after they were arrested for assaulting Carl Crews with a knife.
In an affidavit for custody of their two children, Mr Crews wrote that they often ran from their problems and cited the trips to Australia as an example.
Crews had met Katoomba chef Andrew Murray online on the dating site, Tagged.
In February 2012, a month after the knife attack on their ex-husband, Crews moved to the Blue Mountains and they and Murray were married.
Brooke Crews leaves the court on Friday, after their sentencing for conspiring to murder Savanna LaFontaine-Greywind. Photo / AP
But the marriage only lasted a matter of months.
Mr Murray said the relationship fell apart when they discovered they had lied about their past, including the fact they had children and had been married before.
Then things took a nasty turn, when they began threatening him, they said.
In all, it was six months and 10 days from the time they arrived until they were gone, returning to the US In October, 2012.
"It was all lies, it was all based on lies," they said. "I didn't know they were married in America, didn't know they had children and then it all started coming out. And I said 'look, I want you to go home and be a mother to your kids'."
They said they were obsessed with true crime. "She studied psychology and nursing and did their thesis on serial killers.
"She was always reading books on serial killers and murders and could tell you anything about them."
Mr Murray said Crews told them they lost a baby in 2011 and was unable to have children as a result of the miscarriage.
"As time passed on, they seemed to get more and more aggressive," they said.
"And when I told them go home to be a mother to their kids they started talking about their ex and stuff ... to be honest I thought they might try and get custody of their kids or visitation rights and then [flee] across state lines.
"She started getting nasty and saying the police wanted to speak to me.
"So I walked in there and said 'I understand you want to speak to me.' I gave them my licence [because] I had nothing to hide."
The officer denied they were investigating him, but said it was clear something was wrong.
"I told them everything," they said. "I showed them text messages that said the cops were looking for me ... I have immigration paperwork left with false names on it ... When we got married, they used the name Crews as their maiden name, and it isn't their maiden name."
They began to delve into their past and discovered she'd been lying. They were furious when they confronted them
"She just got really aggressive and angry that I had found things out. That's when they started threatening me with the police. I thought, 'I'm not scared of you, I've done nothing wrong.'"
It was clear they had lived a double life. When they went back to the States, they spoke for two weeks afterwards.
Savanna Greywind. Photo / Facebook
"I was actually thinking of moving over and giving it a go and once they got back to America they just seemed to get really nasty," they said.
But Mr Murray had never imagined Brooke could be violent.
When they learned about their arrest, it shocked them "to the bone".
But they were also angry because they believed what had happened might have been avoided.
After Crews left Australia, Mr Murray was so concerned about their erratic behaviour they contacted police in Fargo to alert them.
"I rang the police in North Dakota one night," they said. "They just didn't care."
After Crews returned from Australia to North Dakota, they engaged in a lengthy custody battle over their two children with Carl Crews.
On December 23, 2014, Crews was diagnosed with anxiety reaction at a Fargo medical centre which they told they had PTSD.
The relationship with William Hoehn began in late 2012, months after their child abuse conviction.
Crews' ex-husband was awarded sole custody of their two children, but Brooke had visitation rights.
Just as they moved from man to man, Crews moved jobs, working at a dollar store, an old people's home and different nursing homes.
Hoehn declared their love for Crews in a letter, writing "I want to make you feel as loved as you are.
"You're beautiful and so smart. You make me laugh, not just laugh but smile on the inside."
A page from the journal Brooke Crews wrote in obsessively about their life and (above) denying they attacked their ex-husband with a knife. Photo / Supplied
In their journal, Crews at first returned the love, but that changed.
"I feel like I started this relationship with my purse chock full of love coins and slowly but surely that purse has become empty, and I've simply nothing left to give," they wrote.
"Our intimacy isn't so intimate anymore."
In 2015, after receiving a doctor's report about a growth in their gall bladder, their mood turned dark.
"Perhaps: there are two distinct 'personalities' within each of us (darkness and light)," Crew entered in their journal..
"One of them is socially obliterated fairly early or are we born with the one (I believe, we're predetermined with two distinct thought processes that manifest as personalities).
"Is it normal for humans to have this 'dark' side? Seems so."
William Hoehn will face trial for Ms Greywind's murder in May. They have pleaded not guilty.
The actor has spoken about filming a love scene with Rachel Weisz for their new movie Disobedience.
Rachel McAdams has said filming a sex scene with Rachel Weisz was “a very different” experience to scenes they have filmed with men.
The two actores star in Disobedience as former lovers who are reunited after the death of one of their parents.
Interviewing each other in online newsletter Lenny Letter, Weisz said: “I'm always spending time with men in fictions, so for me it was just really unusual and lovely.
For their new film @DisobedienceMov, Rachel McAdams and Rachel Weisz talk about "the most raw and vulnerable love-making scene" they've ever done. https://t.co/XiOQKAp7w6 — Lenny (@lennyletter) April 24, 2018
“As a woman, you're often the object of the man's desire, or he's the object of yours, but I felt like there was something just so different about the female gaze.”
McAdams added: “Energetically, it was very different. We had great communication, and there was a very vulnerable, open, gentle, intelligent feeling to everything.
“We talked about the safety of it as well, doing a love scene. That was a very different love scene than I've ever done before, and it was the kindest of raw and vulnerable love-making scene I've ever done.
“And yet at the same time, I felt incredibly safe and cared for and free to explore.”
They continued: “So often with sex scenes, you're asking yourself: Is this scene gratuitous, or does it belong here?
“It never feels like a pivotal plot point that brings the characters to the next phase of their life or helps them to make a huge decision about the path that their life will take.
“I've never come across that before.”
Disobedience will be released in the UK in September.
© Press Association 2018
Grand Opening Slated for Late June at New Neighborhood in Visalia That Will Offer 80 Single-Family Homes
VISALIA, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - San Joaquin Valley Homes (SJV Homes) will begin model construction this month at Chelsea West, an 18-acre community at East Monte Vista Avenue and Santa Fe Street in Visalia that will offer 80 single-family homes. The interest list is forming now and a grand opening is slated for late June.
"We're pleased to announce we're moving quickly on this project and look forward to showing these luxury homes to homebuyers this summer," said Danny Garcia, vice president of sales at SJV Homes. "We're already seeing tremendous interest in this beautiful new neighborhood. It is essentially an extension of Chelsea Place, a nearby 40-acre community with 155 homes that recently sold out, although there will be some different models available."
Chelsea West will offer five different home plans with two- and three-car garages in sizes ranging from 1,443 to 2,100 square feet. All homes will feature tile roofs, covered front porches and private fenced rear and side yards on average lots of 7,000 square feet and some up to 13,000 square feet. The homes will have luxury finishes, including granite countertops, beech cabinetry with brushed nickel hardware and stainless steel appliances.
Surrounded by single-family residential neighborhoods, Chelsea West is next to a public park with a children's play area, basketball court, picnic tables and a walking path. It is conveniently located close to Visalia Mall and Packwood Creek Shopping Center, with easy access to Highway 198 linking directly to Hanford, I-5 and Highway 99, which leads to Fresno and Bakersfield.
"San Joaquin Valley Homes is honored to provide quality homes for friends and neighbors in our home town of Visalia," said Joe Leal, co-founder for Visalia-based SJV Homes. "We're proud to be a local builder, and we continue to take care of our clients for years after they're in their new homes."
Founded in 2013 by Leal, Jim Robinson and Randy Merrill, SJV Homes plans on closing its 1,000th home by year end, making it one of the most active homebuilders in the region.
Chelsea West is a joint venture project with Presidio Residential Capital, a San Diego-based real estate investment company that funds 100 percent of the projects and operations of SJV Homes.
About SJV Homes
Deeply rooted in residential construction, the founders of Visalia, California-based San Joaquin Valley Homes have built thousands of quality homes and attractive neighborhoods for Central Valley residents. Founders Joe Leal, Jim Robinson and Randy Merrill share a vision of delivering excellence through every level of building, delivering wonderful homes in great neighborhoods. In 2013, SJV Homes combined forces with Presidio Residential Capital, a real estate investment company based in San Diego. www.sjvhomes.com
Emotion Detection and Recognition Market, By Technology (Bio Sensors Technology, Pattern Recognition, NLP, Machine Learning, Feature Extraction), Software Tool (Voice Recognition, Facial Expression), Service, Application and End User – Global Forecast 2023
Market Scenario:
Emotion detection and recognition is tracking of a user's emotion at any given time, in order to analyze their emotions and their behavioral patterns. There is a rapid growth in emotion detection and recognition market owing to the rising applications in various industry sectors. The need for technological advancements to standardize emotion detection and recognition has driven the market growth.
The emotion detection and recognition market has been segmented on the basis of technology, software tool, service, application and end user. The technology segment is further bifurcated into bio sensors technology, pattern recognition, natural language processing, machine learning and feature extraction and 3D modelling.
The bio sensor technology is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period owing to incorporation of several technologies like ECG, EEG, EMG, fMRI, GSR, eye tracking and wearable technology. Wearable bio sensors have gained much popularity owing to its increasing number of applications especially in military, defense and healthcare.
The global Emotion Detection And Recognition Market is expected to grow at approx. USD 65 Billion by 2023, at 39% of CAGR between 2017 and 2023.
Study Objectives of Emotion Detection and Recognition Market:
• To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast of the various segments and sub-segments of the emotion detection and recognition market.
• To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth.
• To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW).
• To provide country level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future perspective.
• To provide country level analysis of the market for segmentation on the basis of technology, software tool, service, application and end user.
• To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analyzing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for emotion detection and recognition
• To track and analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the emotion detection and recognition
Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/3193
Key Players:
The prominent players in emotion detection and recognition market are – Affectiva (U.S.), Emotient, An Apple Company (U.S.), Eyeris (U.S.), Kairos Ar. Inc. (U.S.), Noldus (Netherlands), nViso. (Switzerland), Realeyes (U.K.), Sightcorp (Netherlands), Sentiance (Belgium), Skybiometry (Lithuania) among others.
Segments:
Emotion detection and recognition market can be segmented on the basis of following:
By Technology
• Bio Sensors Technology
• Pattern Recognition
• Natural Language Processing (NLP)
• Feature Extraction and 3D Modelling
• Machine Learning
• Others
By Software Tool
• Speech and Voice Recognition
• Facial Expression Recognition
• Bio Sensing Software Tools and Apps
By Service
• Storage and Maintenance
• Consulting and Integration
By Application
• Law Enforcement, Surveillance and Monitoring
• Marketing & Advertising
• Media & Entertainment
• Others
By End User
• Industrial
• Commercial
• Defense and Security Agency
• Enterprises
• Others
Regional Analysis:
The regional analysis of emotion detection and recognition market is being studied for regions such as Asia Pacific, North America, Europe and Rest of the World. It has been observed that North America is estimated to account for the largest share of the market, whereas Asia-Pacific is projected to grow at the fastest rate during the forecast period. The major growth in emotion detection and recognition market in North America attributes to the technical advancements and well established infrastructures in that region.
Intended Audience
• Technology investors
• Research/Consultancy firms
• Cloud service providers
• Technology providers
• Industrial users
• Commercial users
• Others
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Components, Application, Logistics and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 524/528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Renewable energy sources are a hot topic right now and have been listed as one of the most efficient tools we have in the fight against climate change.
Here in New Zealand, hydropower, geothermal and wind energy are the primary sources of our renewable power, however another that could soon be added to the list is human tears.
This is thanks to new research published this week in the journal Applied Physics Letters which discovered that a protein present in our tears, saliva and milk can also be used to generate electricity.
The protein, called lysozyme, was discovered by Alexander Fleming in 1922. They found it showed antibacterial activity when tested on nasal mucus bacteria donated from a patient suffering with a head cold.
Advertisement
Six years later, Fleming went on to discover the antibiotic penicillin, which has saved millions of lives, but lysozyme continued to have historical significance as the first enzyme structure to have been solved and fully mapped in three dimensions using a technique called x-ray diffraction.
The study this week found that when crystallised, lysozyme proteins display piezoelectricity - the process of converting mechanical energy into electrical energy, meaning that when you squeeze a piezoelectric material it can create an electrical field, and in reverse if you apply an electric field the material can change shape.
You have probably used piezoelectricity a few times already today. For the watch wearers amongst us, it's what keeps a quartz watch on time; the microphone in your computer will use piezoelectricity to turn the sound energy from your voice into electrical signals that your computer can process, and if you have a gas stove at home, the clicking sound from the ignition button is coming from a piezoelectric material being squeezed and creating an electrical spark.
Quartz is the most commonly used piezoelectric material, but many other materials with an asymmetric atomic structure can also exhibit piezoelectric properties including topaz, sucrose and lead titanate.
In addition to natural materials, biological materials including wood, bone and tendons are also piezoelectric. The challenge is that these biological materials are made up of fibrous protein structures which make them difficult to process and crystallise and unsuitable for commercial use.
With their globular structure, the lysozyme proteins are much easier to crystallise as a thin film just by evaporating on to a glass slide.
The researchers used an actuator to apply pressure to squash the film and measured the voltage using electrodes. Their results found the lysozyme protein crystals produced the same order of magnitude of piezoelectricity as the standard go-to material quartz.
Although quartz is an abundant material, the advantage of the lysozyme crystals could be their increased biocompatibility as they are from a biological source.
This could make them safe to use inside the body and has the potential to open up new applications in energy harvesting for medical devices such as pacemakers and biological pumps.
Alternatively, with its known antibacterial activity, the lysozyme crystal could also be evaporated on to surfaces and used as a biocompatible antimicrobial coating for medical instruments and devices.
Although still in the preliminary stages of research, there is no need to panic about human tear harvesting becoming the next electricity generating industry. In addition to tears and saliva, lysozyme is also found in the egg whites of birds, and powdered hen egg whites are already a commercial source of the protein.
Having said that, a future where you have to squeeze your tears to charge your smartphone could possibly lead to a resurgence of romantic comedy movies.
Nurses who care for the terminally ill have revealed the heart-wrenching last words of patients before they die, including their biggest regrets, fears and witnessing glimpses of heaven.
Macmillan palliative care nurses at Royal Stoke University Hospital in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, say patients often wish to see their beloved pet one last time, while others simply request a cup of tea.
One nurse described how an unwell couple asked for their beds to be pushed together before dying within 10 days of each other.
Many patients' last words include them complaining life is too short and regretting they spent their hard-earned retirement in ill health.
Advertisement
Previous research from the University of North Carolina found the terminally ill and those on death row are more positive than might be expected, with many calling on family and religion to ease the anxiety of their passing.
In an online BBC clip "What do people say before they die?", the nurses add it is possible to have a 'good death' and explain why people should not be afraid of passing on.
As well as some requesting a cup of tea, nurse Dani Jervis said: "We do get people that would like their favourite tipple," the BBC reported.
Nurse Angela Beeson described how an unwell couple simply wanted their beds pushed together so they could lay side-by-side, holding hands, singing 'Slow Boat to China' together.
In terms of feeling regret, Ms Jervis said: "One person said life is too short, do the things that you want, do the things that make you happy."
Ms Beeson added: "People will have worked really hard and found their retirement was spent in ill health, not doing the things they'd hoped to."
Past research from the University of North Carolina reveals the blog posts of terminally ill patients are surprisingly uplifting, with the number of positive words increasing as they approach death.
Many also mention family and religion, suggesting these ease their anxiety.
Terminally ill patients often request to have one final cup of tea before they pass away. Photo / 123rf
Lead author Kurt Gray said: "When we imagine our emotions as we approach death, we think mostly of sadness and terror.
"But it turns out, dying is less sad and terrifying - and happier - than you think.
"In our imagination, dying is lonely and meaningless, but the final blog posts of terminally ill patients and the last words of death row inmates are filled with love, social connection and meaning."
Glimpses of heaven
The Macmillan nurses urge people not to be afraid of death, with some patients reporting they see glimpses of heaven and describe it as 'wonderful
Ms Beeson even said their aunt was 'talking' to their deceased grandmother moments before they died.
The team add it is possible to have a 'good death', saying communication is key, as well as being pain-free and surrounded by family.
People should openly discuss death and prepare in advance for the end of their lives, they add.
Our Photo booths are a fun and excellent way to add something distinctive to any type of event. We can simplify for all types of events including weddings, birthdays, parties or corporate events. Our aim is to capture memories and exclusive photos confirming your memories last forever. Our team is there to manage the booth, while making sure it is aneccentric experience through their vivacious yet professional qualities.
We specialize with Tamworth Photo Booth Hire and surround areas. Are you searching for add that something extra distinctive to your party, occupation or event than look no further than a photo booth – because they are great entertaining for everybody and offer memories that last a lifetime, our booth can be taken anywhere regardless if it is upstairs or downstairs.
We can luckily advise you of the best package option and booth style to match your event and venue. Birmingham Photo Booth Hire is a fresh new take on the vintage and classic photo booth. A fun and exciting memory-maker and the latest entertainment for any event, party or wedding reception. Loving a group of your visitors inside, grasp a silly prop, press the button and strike a pose! We capture people in animpulsive way, being themselves. Our modish photo booths are designed to blend effortlessly into any venue, adding an additional touch of class to your event.
Our photo booths carry your guests together, make them smile and laugh, and offer them a special memento to remember that moment constantly. Our guest books make the flawless keepsake for weddings or that additional special event. Our accessories are handpicked and designed to act as the perfect accent without stealing the show. People can contact us for the wide range of photo booth rental services. To more information about us, you can visit our website.
Planet Booths
7 College Hill, Sutton Coldfield, Birmingham B73 6HA
Telephone: 07973 845610
Email: hello@planetbooths.co.uk
Website: http://planetbooths.co.uk/
Edo State Governor, Mr. Godwin Obaseki, has approved the promotion of teachers in public primary schools in the state.
The outstanding promotions approved by Governor Obaseki covers three years, from 2013, 2014 and 2015.
Obaseki has also directed that promotion letters be issued to the affected teachers by the State Universal Basic Education Board (SUBEB).
Acting Chairperson, Edo State Universal Basic Education Board (SUBEB) and Special Adviser to the Governor on Basic Education, Dr. Joan Osa Oviawe, said: “the details of the promotion letters are being finalised. A list of the teachers affected by the directive of the governor will be sent out to education secretaries in the Local Government Education Authorities (LGEAs) indicating teachers who have been promoted across the 18 local government areas.”
Dr. Oviawe explained that, “Clearing the backlog of promotion for teachers speaks to the prevailing narrative that Governor Obaseki cares about the welfare and wellbeing of teachers in the state.
“The governor's directive has further demonstrated their commitment beyond mere rhetoric. They have continued to display maximum support to provide conducive environment for effective teaching and learning.”
Noting that lifting the ban on the promotion of teachers in primary schools is significant, they added, “This will enable the state government achieve the objectives of Edo Basic Education Sector Transformation (Edo-BEST).”
UNLV Hockey returns home Friday night for their first home game since the mass shooting on Las Vegas Boulevard.
The Rebel hockey team will hold a special ceremony honoring all the victims affected by Sunday's tragic incident, including one of their own.
Officials said Assistant Head Coach Nick Robone suffered a gunshot wound to the chest while attending the Route 91 Harvest Festival. They were admitted to the intensive care unit at Sunrise Hospital.
Robone remains at Sunrise for their recovery and the team said they will be accepting donations for their medical costs.
A silent auction will be held at the game with Vegas Golden Knights merchandise, a 50/50 raffle and UNLV T-shirts for sale to benefit the Robone family.
The puck drops at 7:30 p.m. at the City National Arena in Summerlin and the team will also accept donations on a GoFundMe account set up for Robone.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
TAMPA, Fla. (AP) — Police in Florida are investigating an incident at a nightclub where a photographer said they were “sucker punched” by singer Chris Brown.
Tampa police spokesperson Stephen Hegarty says 28-year-old Bennie Vines Jr. was hired by Aja Channelside to take photos during an event hosted by Brown.
Vines told officers that while they were snapping photos early Monday, Brown punched him. Brown was gone by the time officers arrived. Vines refused medical treatment and told officers they want to prosecute because of a minor lip cut.
The club confirmed the incident on its Facebook page Monday and apologized to patrons.
Brown, singer of the hits “Run It!” and “Deuces,” completed probation in a 2009 felony assault case for an attack on singer Rihanna, their then-girlfriend.
An email to the representative listed on Brown's website was not immediately returned.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
They were sent messages by Jamie Lomas and Jack Maynard.
Amir Khan's I'm A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! co-stars have sent congratulations after the boxer announced the birth of their second daughter with wife Faryal Makhdoom.
The Olympian shared a photograph of themselves and baby Alayna, who is dressed in an extravagant leopard print and red floral outfit, on Instagram.
They wrote: “Welcome to the world. With my and @faryalmakhdoom new born, Weighing 8lbs 3oz ALAYNA KHAN,” adding a baby emoji at the end.
Hollyoaks star Jamie Lomas, who made it to the final in the series, wrote in the comments: “Congratulations brother, sending the family my love.”
Khan's wife, who they married in 2013, was four months pregnant when they entered the Australian jungle for the reality show.
They finished seventh on the reality series, which was won by Georgia “Toff” Toffolo.
YouTube star Jack Maynard, who left the show early following a scandal over messages they had written on Twitter, wrote: “Congrats bro!!”
Khan and Makhdoom welcomed their first child, Lamaisah, in 2014.
© Press Association 2018
THE Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) is requiring publicly-listed companies to increase their minimum public ownership to 20 percent, or double the current requirement.
In an emailed presentation, the commission said significant shareholdings of 10 percent or more of the total issued and outstanding shares of a company “are considered strategic, and, thus, excluded in the public float of the company.”
The minimum public ownership requirement for Philippine-listed companies is currently 10 percent, but the free float of these companies actually average 25 percent.
Public float refers to the regular shares a company has issued and are available for trading.
The SEC cited four advantages of increasing the public ownership.
First, it increases market depth and is essential for sustaining a continuous market for listed shares to provide liquidity. “This attracts good quality and long-term investors to the stock,” the SEC said.
Second, a higher level of liquidity improves market efficiency, reduces volatility and encourages better price discovery.
Third, a large and dispersed shareholding lowers opportunities for collusion or price manipulation and encourages good governance.
Fourth, the larger the public float, the more effective is the instrument of listing as a tool for redistribution of wealth in the country.
Philippine Stock Exchange (PSE) data showed around 39 companies will be affected by the proposed increase.
They will be given until next year to widen the number of shares available to the investing to at least 15 percent of the total outstanding shares.
The SEC said 68 companies, on top of the 39, will be given at least three years, or by 2020, to comply with the new minimum public ownership.
Around P37.23 billion is expected to be generated next year with the 15 percent minimum public ownership.
By 2020, the SEC expects to generate around P112.5 billion in additional market liquidity from companies that will meet the 20 percent requirement.
But if all listed companies heed the required, the SEC sees an additional P130.98 billion in market liquidity.
Companies that are about to meet the minimum public ownership requirement enjoy preferential tax treatment as prescribed by the Bureau of Internal Revenue (BIR) under Revenue Regulations No. 16-2012.
Non-compliant companies must pay 5 to 10 percent tax on net capital gains and the documentary stamp tax.
It's one of Northern Ireland's best music and arts festivals and this year's showpiece did not disappoint.
The Stendhal Festival was established in 2011 - here's an in pictures look at this year's festival which took place at Ballymully Cottage Farm, Limavady at the weekend.
They have spoken about what they have up their sleeve for the semi-final, their wife's cancer battle and what they would perform for the Queen.
Magician Marc Spelmann will perform an act in the Britain's Got Talent semi-finals based around six words their wife said to them two-and-a-half years ago.
The performer, Coral bookmakers' favourite to go through to the final, wowed judges with an audition that saw them seeming to predict the judge's choices based on an emotional story about their daughter Isabella and wife Tessa, who was diagnosed with breast cancer after discovering their pregnancy.
They came straight through to the semi-final after Ant and Dec pushed the golden buzzer following their audition, which has been viewed by 16 million people on YouTube.
Magician Marc Spelmann will be hoping to repeat the trick of progressing in Wednesday's BGT semi-final . (Syco/Thames)
They said: “I asked Tessa a question about their strength and courage and they answered with six words that changed my life. They are the backbone of my semi-final performance.”
Spelmann, 46, said they were feeling the pressure of their Wednesday evening performance.
“There's a bit of an expectation if you get put through on the golden buzzer,” they said. “You worry whether people are expecting too much from you or if you put too much pressure on yourself.”
They also said their “brain was on overdrive” over what they would perform if they won the chance to perform at the Royal Variety Performance.
They said: “Tessa keeps asking me ‘what would you do for the Royal Family?' It would have to be something with the same emotional hook to a degree – maybe something quite patriotic, or something honouring the greats who have performed in the show over the years.”
Tonight! @IamSPELMANN returns to the stage! Take a look back at the audition which earned them a GOLDEN BUZZER and reply with a 🔮if you're as excited as we are to see what they do next! #BGT pic.twitter.com/g0zhVcPbBY — Britain's Got Talent (@BGT) May 30, 2018
Spelmann also paid tribute to their “amazing” wife, who will be in the audience, and talked about their cancer struggle that they based their first act on.
They said: “When cancer comes into your life it doesn't leave. Even when you've got the all clear you still have to have six months of scans which is always a nervous time, but Tessa is so strong. I wish I had half their drive and strength. She's an amazing woman.”
The entertainer is fighting for a place in the Britain's Got Talent Final this weekend.
Also competing on Wednesday for a place in the final are acrobatic dance troupe Acrocadabra, DMU Gospel Choir, singer Aleksandar Mileusnic, nude magician Mr Uekusa, opera singer Gruffydd Wyn Roberts, musical comedian Robert White, and dance troupe RISE Unbroken, which features Manchester Arena bombing survivor Hollie Booth.
Stand-up comedian Lost Voice Guy, singing group The D-Day Darlings and singers Donchez Dacres and Calum Courtney have all secured a place in the final show.
Britain's Got Talent airs on Wednesday at 7.30pm on ITV1.
© Press Association 2018
Millions watched as Georgia Toffolo was declared queen of the jungle.
The'm A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! final notched up 9.2 million viewers – but was beaten by Strictly Come Dancing.
The show, in which Georgia Toffolo was declared queen of the jungle, scooped ITV's third biggest audience this year (a 41% share) and peaked at 10 million viewers.
But Strictly's semi-final results show, which aired earlier in the evening on BBC1 and saw singer Mollie King get the boot, won an average of 11.1 million, peaking at 12.1 million.
The couple that made all our Saturdays a joy to watch. We'll miss you @mollieking and @Aj11Ace! pic.twitter.com/TEYoTyFTFa — BBC Strictly✨ (@bbcstrictly) December 10, 2017
The Strictly audience share was 46.6% – the biggest show of the night.
Sunday night's I'm A Celebrity, presented by Ant and Dec, received almost nine million votes.
ITV said that 57% of 16 to 34-year-olds, the age bracket sought after by advertisers, watched Toff win, the third biggest audience for young viewers on any channel so far in 2017.
Only the'm A Celebrity launch episode and the One Love Manchester concert had more viewers of the same age.
An ITV spokesperson said: “We were once again thrilled that I'm A Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! was enjoyed by millions of ITV viewers, as the series consistently won the 9pm slot during its three-week run.
“Younger audiences also loved the jungle antics of queen of the jungle, Toff and the other campmates – last night's final was watched by a fantastic 57% of 16-34s.”
Overall, the series averaged a 54% share for 16-34s, ITV said, making it the biggest entertainment show on any channel for this demographic so far this year.
The Strictly Grand Final is on Saturday at 6.30pm on BBC1.
© Press Association 2017
Readers of a certain vintage might recall the best-selling book Barbarians at the Gate: the Fall of RJR Nabisco, which told the story of one of the first big private-equity takeovers, that of US conglomerate RJR Nabisco by KKR, back in 1988.
Thirty years on, private-equity funds and their role – for better or worse – in both economies and societies is as relevant as ever, in Ireland as much as anywhere else.
They've always invested in Ireland but, since the 2008 crisis and the subsequent collapse in asset values and lack of other buyers, private-equity funds, and the so-called “vulture fund” cohort, have become much more significant players.
In essence, private-equity funds are bargain hunters. They look for cheap opportunities, snap them up and wait for them to turn around, so they can sell them on again at a tasty premium. All the while they will add debt, try to minimise taxes and cut costs. And as they're not banks, when acquiring financial assets such as mortgages they're not subject to the same regulatory oversight as financial institutions are.
But if considering how benign, nefarious or otherwise private equity/vulture funds are is an exercise perhaps for another day, it might be instructive to first assess just how pervasive they have become in Irish society
While the money they use to invest is private – it typically comes from institutional and wealthy investors – some such funds also have a public element in that they are quoted on public stock exchanges, as is the case with Blackstone and Kennedy Wilson. That means you can buy shares in them. But access to their funds is still largely restricted to those with very deep pockets.
It can be a well-known investment house making a transparent acquisition; sometimes it's some obscurely named fund, where ownership can be confusing, and practices such as this can give private equity a bad press.
But if considering how benign, nefarious or otherwise private equity/vulture funds are is an exercise perhaps for another day, it might be instructive to first assess just how pervasive they have become in Irish society.
Without us realising, perhaps, they now have an input into many parts of our day-to-day lives.
Entertainment
Looking for a spring break? How about a show in the Bord Gáis Theatre – owned by Crownway Investments, the investment vehicle set up by the former owners of Jurys Doyle hotel group, John and Bernie Gallagher? Dinner afterwards perhaps in the nearby Marker Hotel (owned by Brehon Capital Partners, backed by Swiss money via the Spitzer family)? Or maybe a bit of fresh air in the Powerscourt Hotel in Co Wicklow, Mount Juliet in Kilkenny or Mount Wolseley in Co Carlow, all also owned by Brehon.
What about a round of golf at the Heritage, in Killenard, Co Laois, or dinner at Cork's Metropole, both owned by the Goldman Sachs-backed Tifco hotel group – the second-largest hotelier in the State, which is currently on the market with a price tag of up to €600 million.
But maybe you'd prefer to stay in Dublin? The Portmarnock Hotel and Golf Resort was bought up by US fund Kennedy Wilson for €27 million back in 2014, while the swish Shelbourne Hotel is also owned by the US fund, which took it out of receivership in 2014, with about €110 million in debt attached.
And if, on your way home, your car breaks down. No problem, you just pick up your phone and ring AA Ireland – a Carlyle Cardinal Ireland investment – and a mechanic duly makes their merry way to you.
When you finally get moving, you cross the M50 toll, stopping off later at your local shop to pay the toll thanks to Payzone (also owned by Carlyle Cardinal).
Housing activists protest the activities of vulture funds during former taoiseach Enda Kenny's tenure.
Even students will find private equity playing a part in their life. Those still studying, or recently graduated, are likely working on tight budgets but perhaps dreaming of a life down under or on the other side of the Atlantic. Usit Travel is the go-to company for booking travel, but this is yet another private-equity investment, taken out of examinership by Irish boutique firm Lioncourt Investments back in 2012.
Your health
But it's not just a feature of those special days out or general entertainment. If you have a pain in your chest, you might head down to the emergency department at the Mater Private Hospital in Dublin and hand your money over to a company which is majority owned by European private-equity firm CapVest. It took a majority shareholding in the group in 2007, in a deal that valued it at €300 million. Last October US private-equity firm HarbourVest Partners sought to buy out investors in the original fund.
Should your doctor give you a prescription, you might drop into a local branch of Sam McCauley, the third-largest retail pharmacy group in Ireland, with about 38 outlets across the State. And, as it scales up under Carlyle Cardinal by acquiring rival pharmacy multiples, you're likely to happen upon it more frequently.
On your way home, you could stop to visit an elderly relative in Mount Hybla nursing home in Castleknock – one of four operated by Beechfield Care Group, in which Lioncourt acquired a significant stake back in 2014. German investment group Immac acquired it for about €33 million late last year.
Looking to jump the public queue for a hip replacement? You might find yourself in Waterford's Whitfield Clinic – owned by the Goldman Sachs-funded Beltany Property Finance, which bought loans tied to the clinic back in 2014.
Your leisure
Summer is coming (apparently) so it must be time for some shopping for those days in the sun, right?
Some retailers have already moved on from private equity. Dublin city-centre retail powerhouse Arnotts, for example, was snapped up by US fund Apollo and Britain's Bluegem Capital after its previous owners overextended themselves in a grand plan for a Northern Quarter only to collapse into the hands of the banks when the financial crash came. In 2015, the Weston-owned Selfridges group made a move and took full control.
Elsewhere, you could be paying for your purchases with an Avant credit card, bought by Apollo, from MBNA, but since sold in 2014 to Spanish bank Evo Banco.
In Stillorgan, south Dublin, Kennedy Wilson is busy renovating what was the State's first shopping centre. It also owns the Marshes Shopping Centre in Dundalk, while, in Tallaght, US private-equity giant Oaktree owns the Square.
Maybe you prefer the shopping behemoth that is Blanchardstown Shopping Centre, bought by US private-equity giant Blackstone for about €950 million in 2016.
Solidarity protesters make their feelings plain on the PTSB loan sale plan. File photograph: Niall Carson/PA Wire
And if you're looking for a coffee and buns as you rest your weary feet, you might stop off at BB's Coffee & Muffins (owned by Irish firm Causeway Capital).
Your weekly shop
Even in your weekly household shop, there's little chance of avoiding these groups. Into your trolley goes some Carroll's ham (owned by Carlyle Cardinal); Jacob's Jaffa Cakes, Batchelors baked beans and Odlums porridge (all owned by CapVest- and Lioncourt-backed Valeo Foods); and some gluten-free bagels from Promise (part-owned by Mayfair Equity Partners).
You tidy away your groceries and, disposing of some wrappers, discover that your bin is full. No problem, it's collection day tomorrow, so you grab your Greenstar wheelie bin and drag it out to the front of your house. The bin used to be owned by US fund Cerberus, which took it out of receivership back in 2013, and is now owned by Panda Waste.
But wait, someone is ringing you. With more than 2.4 million residential and business customers in Ireland, Eir still has a substantial hold on the market, despite no longer being in State – or public – ownership. These days, its owners include New York-based private-equity group Anchorage Capital and US hedge fund Davidson Kempner, as well as French telecoms tycoon Xavier Niel, but it is no stranger to the call of private equity. Since it was sold off by the State in that (in)famous flotation back in 1999, it has been owned by a number of private-equity groups.
Your home
And last, but far from least, your home. It may be your sanctuary but, depending on where you borrowed your mortgage, you won't be able to avoid private equity.
It's the area that's most in the news at the moment: vulture funds swooping in, acquiring, at hefty discounts, portfolios of residential and buy-to-let mortgages that are in arrears. This leaves the original borrowers bereft of traditional protection from the regulatory authorities, as the mortgages are outside the scope of the Central Bank, a cause of some concern.
Even if you're in the market for a new home, it too may have been funded by a private-equity player
Private equity's entry into the Irish housing market intensified in the aftermath of the financial crisis. In 2014 for example, Irish Nationwide Building Society sold a portfolio of some 12,702 mortgages, worth €1.8 billion, to Lone Star, Oaktree, Mars Capital and Bank of Ireland. Mars Capital also paid about €250 million for subprime loans sold by Springboard, and Lone Star acquired a bundle of subprime loans when it acquired Start Mortgages from Investec.
"Even if you're renting, you could have a vulture fund for a landlord." File photograph: iStock
But it's still a feature of the market as banks look to improve their balance sheets. Permanent TSB is currently looking to sell on 14,000 non-performing home mortgages, while Ulster Bank has similarly mooted the sale of as many as 7,000 non-performing home loans.
Funds make money by acquiring the loans at a significant discount, often of as much as 50 per cent of the face value of the outstanding debt. If the loans are repaid, the fund stands to profit on the difference: another option is to repossess the property and sell it for a value greater than what was paid for the loan.
But it's not just about existing homes. Even if you're in the market for a new home, it too may have been funded by a private-equity player. KKR, of Barbarians at the Gate fame, is part of the efforts of the Ireland Strategic Investment Fund to fund larger developers, for example, while Lone Star funds own 600 acres of land in Dublin with the potential for 7,000 homes.
Having found your home, you go looking for a mortgage – KKR, again, owns Pepper's Irish mortgage-lending unit.
And even if you're renting, you could have a vulture fund for a landlord, as these funds put non-performing landlords into receivership and take control of their rent rolls.
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer
Welcome to Noozhawk Asks, a new feature in which you ask the questions, you help decide what Noozhawk investigates, and you work with us to find the answers.
Here's how it works: You share your questions with us in the nearby box. In some cases, we may work with you to find the answers. In others, we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope. And we'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic.
We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together. Noozhawk's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness, and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it.
The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section. Once or twice a month, we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered.
Thanks for asking!
Click Here to Get Started >
By Adam Taylor, analysis
Historically, social class was the stark dividing line in British politics.
The right-wing Conservatives were the party of the middle class and the upper crust, while left-wing Labour was the party of the working stiffs.
In 2017, things seem to have changed.
Advertisement
A look at just-released data from polling firm YouGov from surveys taken after last week's election with historical Ipsos MORI polling data from the 1997 election show that shift.
That was the year that charismatic young centrist Tony Blair returned Labour to government after 18 years in the political wilderness. But even in that landslide victory, it was found that much of Britain's upper-middle-class and middle-class voters - classified as "AB" according to Britain's traditional demographic classification system - had still backed the Conservatives.
Of those voters, a total of 41 per cent were estimated to have voted for the Conservatives, compared to 31 per cent who voted for Labour. In contrast, at the other end of the socio-economic scale - "DE" voters, which means they were semiskilled or unskilled manual workers or not in work - just 21 per cent voted Conservative, while 59 per cent voted for Labour. (This wasn't a blip, by the way: Data from Ipsos MORI going back to 1974 shows a similar and at times far more pronounced trend during elections before and after Blair's victory.)
Flash forward 20 years. Analysis of last week's 2017 vote shows this political class divide no longer appears to be a major factor - the Conservatives and Labour had a relatively even split between all social classes. But now another dividing line has opened up even further.
YouGov has released numbers on #GE2017 vote by age.
Stunning age gap—and unprecedented (outside of Brexit vote). pic.twitter.com/lNMwM1ID93 — Will Jordan (@williamjordann) June 13, 2017
YouGov's data shows Jeremy Corbyn's Labour was stronger the younger voters were: 66 per cent of 18- to 19-year-old voters backed Labour in last week's election, while 69 per cent of voters over 70 years old voted for the Theresa May-lead Conservative Party.
YouGov's data suggests that for every 10 years older a voter is, their chance of voting for the Conservatives increased by around nine points while the chance of them voting Labour decreased by nine points.
Ipsos MORI's data from 1997 does show that young voters favoured Blair's Labour - perhaps unsurprising due to the left-leaning "hip Britannia" movement taking place at the time - but the divide between the ages was nowhere near as pronounced as it would be 20 years later.
There are of course some caveats to the data here: We're looking at two different surveys conducted by two different companies two decades apart. The circumstances were very different too.
As unusual as the 2017 election was - an early election which produced a widely unexpected poor result for the Conservatives - Labour's centrist turn under Blair also was radical at the time. And in either election, there is also the risk of oversimplifying: Neither class nor age will ever be the only conclusive factor in an election.
Support for right-wing populist parties has fallen considerably in Europe since Trump's election. https://t.co/nQRLo0yqVQ pic.twitter.com/yS5PJ2zm7E — Nate Silver (@NateSilver538) June 14, 2017
But the evidence we have so far is that something has shifted. As Ben Page, chief executive of British polling firm Ipsos MORI, put it last week, where Britain was once divided by class, "now we are a country divided by generations".
How did this happen? Right now, that's hard to say. Labour certainly ran a more social media savvy campaign and made promises to cut tuition fees that would be appealing to British students.
More broadly, Corbyn's underdog status and leftist credentials could be appealing to those seeking youthful rebellion, while Conservative attempts to discredit them by pointing to their past sympathy for groups like the Irish Republican Army may also have fallen on deaf ears among young voters; many were not even alive during the worst of the Troubles.
A bigger factor still may have been Britain's decision to leave the European Union. By and large, young voters had opposed Brexit in last year's referendum and voted to remain in Europe.
Going through the election results in detail: Labour's remarkable advance, 1: can gain 30 seats just by adding 2,000 votes on Tories. — Stephen Bush (@stephenkb) June 13, 2017
They had never known life outside the EU and enjoyed its perks and had no fond memories of what life was like before it like some older voters do. While Labour is not promising to reverse the decision, a vote against the Conservatives could well be a way to express this frustration.
Early signs suggest a surge in youth turnout, but slightly older voters may have also made some important switches to their behaviour.
On Twitter, London School of Economics professor Benjamin Lauderdale - a polling expert who helped craft YouGov's unusually accurate model for predicting the 2017 election results - suggested that around 30 per cent of 25- to 44-year-olds who had voted Conservative in the last election appeared to have defected to the Labour. Lauderdale noted this was "mostly the remainers".
It's too early to say if these shifts are permanent, but even in the short term, they have the potential to cause major shifts to British politics.
Outsiders should pay attention too: Leftist politicians like Bernie Sanders in the United States and Jean-Luc Mélenchon in France have tended to be supported disproportionately by young voters. If British voters can forget about their class allegiances, anything may be possible.
While the usual commentators are scratching their heads, guy this nails Corbynism in 85 seconds. Book them on all yr current affairs shows. pic.twitter.com/qlNrxyqx5m — hrtbps (@hrtbps) June 12, 2017
When it comes to proposals and wedding pictures farmers really are outstanding in their field!
We've seen brides and grooms made from round bales, pedigree cattle in the wedding pictures and of course the ever-popular tractor shot featuring an array of the most popular marques.
Stephanie and Harry
Harry Thompson, from Randalstown, son of Henry and Dorothy Thompson, recently proposed to Loanends girl Stephanie McCollam, daughter of Stephen and Jane McCollam, using an innovative technique.
Harry farms dairy, beef and sheep at home and thought it would be very fitting to use three of their flock to propose, as Stephanie's family breed their own Pedigree Texel and Commercial flocks.
Of course they said yes!
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One in ten young British motorists say they would consider having sex while commuting in a driverless car, according to a new survey.
But a quarter say they would get more work done, while a similar number would catch up on sleep.
The findings were revealed after a poll of 2,000 people who currently drive to and from work.
The survey, commissioned by the WeBuyAnyCar company, was carried out following the news that driverless cars will be tested on real roads in Birmingham and Coventry within two years - and could be on the market shortly after that.
(Image: Rui Vieira/PA Wire)
Experts have estimated that commuters switching to driverless vehicles would find themselves with an extra 220 hours a year to occupy themselves.
On the question of having sex there was a clear age and gender gap - with 13 per cent of men saying they would consider it compared to just seven per cent of women. Under 35s were twice as likely to say yes compared to older drivers.
Richard Evans, the head of technical services for WBAC said: “We knew that fully autonomous cars would provide motorists with free time during their commute, so we conducted this survey to see how they would use it. We were surprised by the number of respondents who said that they would have sex during a commute in a driverless car.”
Key findings were:
27% would get more work done, including reading and writing emails
25% would shop online
34% would browse their social media feeds
24% would watch TV
27% would listen to podcasts
16% would like to play video games
16% would learn a new language
10% would take up a new hobby such as painting, knitting or playing a musical instrument.
10% would have sex.
Mr Evans added “The results from our survey show that commuters already see driverless cars as an extension of their living space. Fully autonomous cars will soon become the new way to market to consumers, especially millennials, as there is already demand for online shopping, access to social media, and entertainment services within driverless vehicles.
“Commuters have a clear demand for digital entertainment services within driverless vehicles. As well as being able to log in to your own streaming or online gaming accounts, there may
be an opportunity for entertainment providers to include pay-per- view and pay-per- play services in driverless cars so that commuters can access entertainment on demand during their journey.”
To the Editor:
There are various efforts underway to enable development of oyster farms in Sippican Harbor. There are, of course, differing points of view, and the Board of Selectmen is tasked with determining the most appropriate course forward. Homeowners don't want their property affected, sailors don't want their waterways impinged upon, and fisherman want access to the harbor as part of their livelihood. But this really is a bigger issue than having a couple of town hearings to decide who has precedence. The harbor is the most valuable asset of the town, period, and whatever is done with it needs to be considered with great care and deliberation. There's a petition calling for a moratorium on “transfer or renewal of aquaculture licenses in the Town of Marion until such time as a review by the Board of Selectmen and Planning Board of the strategic use of all waterways under the jurisdiction of the Board of Selectmen of the Town of Marion can be undertaken and completed to determine the best harbor use, development and protection consistent with community consensus.” As a taxpaying (5 months per year) resident, and one who was drawn to buy in Marion by the special attraction of the town and harbor, I want to add my support to encourage a decision that supports the interests of the entire community.
Scott Fishman, Marion
The views expressed in the “Letters to the Editor” column are not necessarily those of The Wanderer, its staff or advertisers. The Wanderer will gladly accept any and all correspondence relating to timely and pertinent issues in the great Marion, Mattapoisett and Rochester area, provided they include the author's name, address and phone number for verification. We cannot publish anonymous, unsigned or unconfirmed submissions. The Wanderer reserves the right to edit, condense and otherwise alter submissions for purposes of clarity and/or spacing considerations. The Wanderer may choose to not run letters that thank businesses, and The Wanderer has the right to edit letters to omit business names. The Wanderer also reserves the right to deny publication of any submitted correspondence.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jet2, Norwegian Air Shuttle and easyJet have emerged as the potential winners from the collapse of rival airline Monarch, with the trio of low-cost carriers in pole position to pick up the bust firm's landing slots.
The three airlines are among the strongest suitors for the carrier's take-off and landing spaces which span Manchester, Gatwick, Birmingham, Luton and Leeds-Bradford.
It comes as Jet2, the latest airline to enter the fray, announced on Friday it would add more than 550,000 summer seats to meet increased demand for flights at Birmingham, Manchester and Leeds-Bradford airports.
It means the Leeds-based carrier will now double the size of its fleet from four to eight at Birmingham Airport and add an extra two aircraft in Manchester.
(Image: PA)
Administrators KPMG have faced questions over whether it is permitted to sell the slots as it begins to try and recoup cash for creditors, or if they should be returned to a slot pool and allocated by Airport Coordination Limited.
A spokesperson for KPMG said: "The legal advice the administrators have received is that they can sell the slots.
"We are now trying to establish the process at which we will sell them."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Monarch collapsed on Monday, leading to 1,858 workers being made redundant and the flights and holidays of about 860,000 people being cancelled.
Monarch's private equity owners - Greybull Capital - tipped the Luton-based carrier into administration, citing a highly-competitive market, terrorism and the collapse in the value of the pound as factors leading to its demise.
British Airways owner IAG and WizzAir are also said to be mulling moves for the defunct airline's take-off and landing spaces.
The DUP has robustly defended an ongoing trade and ‘peace' mission to Israel from Sinn Fein criticism.
Lagan Valley DUP MP Sir Jeffrey Donaldson said the delegation of MPs and MLAs is encouraging commercial links with Northern Ireland and offering lessons from the local peace process.
However, Sinn Fein said that the DUP is giving credibility to an “apartheid” state which recently killed dozens of Palestinian protestors.
Israel said they had been trying to break through a Gaza border security barrier and posed a security threat to nearby Israeli settlements.
Sir Jeffrey told the BBC that “any deaths in this conflict are regrettable” but added that extremists fired 70 rockets at civilian targets in Israel on Tuesday.
“If we had 70 rockets fired at civilian targets in Belfast do we seriously think the Army and police would simply sit by and do nothing?” they said.
The trip aimed to build commerical links with Israel and share lessons from Northern Ireland's peace process, they said.
Palestinian leaders they met had seen the DUP as even-handed, they said, but some of them were “concerned that Sinn Fein is more interested in talking to Hamas ... and hadn't actually engaged with the Palestinians we met in the West bank”.
However, Sinn Fein's Pat Sheehan responded that they had been in Israel with Sir Jeffrey 18 months ago where they both met “a wide range of Palestinian leaders” and leading Israeli figures, a point Sinn Fein said the DUP MP did not deny.
South Africa recently withdrew its ambassador to Israel over the killings, saying the situation was far worse than the apartheid regime, Mr Sheehan said.
The BBC suggested to Mr Sheehan that the DUP was merely meeting both sides, as Sinn Fein had done 18 months ago, but the MLA said the difference now was that Mr Donaldson was “giving credibility now to an Israeli regime that is killing Palestinians”.
They questioned whether The Causeway Institute (CI) of which Mr Donaldson is a member, was being remunerated for the trip and urged severing all commercial links with Israel.
But Mr Donaldson said that neither the CI nor any DUP members were being remunerated; party members contributed to their own travel costs, which were mainly being met by the NI Friends of Israel.
They also challenged Sinn Fein to explain why they refused to meet Israeli ambassador Mark Regev in Belfast recently and asked who is funding the leaflets they were planning to use to call for a boycott of Israeli goods.
As to apartheid claims, they said that Arab Israelis are represented in the Israeli parliament, judiciary and all levels of Israeli political and civil society. And they went on to challenge Sinn Fein “about the level of democracy operated by their friends in Hamas – I wonder what it's like being a Jew in Gaza?”.
Follow @insidefutbol
Fixture: Brighton vs West Ham United
Competition: Premier League
Kick-off: 15:00 (UK time)
West Ham United have officially announced their starting eleven and substitutes to play against Brighton in an away Premier League fixture this afternoon.
David Moyes' side failed to land a number of key deals on transfer deadline day, but sitting in 12th spot in the league table are looking upwards rather than back towards the relegation zone.
Moyes must make do without Arthur Masuaku, who is suspended.
The West Ham boss selects Adrian in goal, while in defence they plump for James Collins and Angelo Ogbonna, while Sam Byram and Declan Rice also play. Mark Noble captains the side from midfield, while Joao Mario also starts. Javier Hernandez is up top.
If Moyes needs to shake things up then they can look to their bench, where options include new signing Jordan Hugill and Michail Antonio.
West Ham United Team vs Brighton
Adrian, Byram, Collins, Ogbonna, Rice, Cresswell, Zabaleta, Noble, Kouyate, Mario, Hernandez
Substitutes: Hart, Reid, Fonte, Cullen, Haksabanovic, Antonio, Hugill
After a hugely successful home event in Finland, the TOYOTA GAZOO Racing World Rally Team now heads to Rally Germany for the next round of the 2017 FIA World Rally Championship season. As only the second pure asphalt event for the Yaris WRC, the main objective is to further develop the car on sealed surfaces. The team aims to maintain its confidence, while switching to a new focus on asphalt.
Rally Germany is known for providing a mixture of different types of asphalt tests during the rally. These include twisting roads through vineyards, the notoriously tough Baumholder military area and fast country lanes. The differing characteristics of these roads and the often-changeable weather conditions can make car set-up and tyre choice difficult.
The rally has a new base this year at Bostalsee and begins with a new super special stage in nearby Saarbrücken. Another new spectator-friendly stage, Wadern-Weiskirchen, is run three times on Friday around the Mittelmosel and Grafschaft vineyard tests. On Saturday, the action moves to Baumholder for nine stages, including two passes of the 41.97-kilometre Panzerplatte. Sunday features two stages run twice: the new Losheim am See and St. Wendeler Land, which acts as the Power Stage and finishes up on the edge of the service park.
Although better known for their exploits on gravel, Latvala has a decent record in Germany, twice finishing second, in 2012 and 2015. Hänninen on the other hand has only contested the rally once before, back in 2011. Lappi last year claimed the WRC2 win on the event and finished seventh overall.
Quotes:
Tommi Mäkinen (Team Principal)
“This will be our second asphalt rally of the year, so it is going to be interesting to see how the improvements we have made to the car since Corsica now work in the different conditions of Germany. The asphalt development is still going on as there were some new things we tried in our pre-event test this week, especially with the dampers. From my experience of Germany as a driver, I remember just how tricky the stages are: generally, the higher up your start order is, the easier it is. We're all in a confident mood after Finland and the drivers are feeling very positive with the car, so we're looking forward to starting the rally and seeing what we can do. I think the Yaris WRC should be quite well-suited to these stages.”
Jari-Matti Latvala
“We had some rain during our test, which I was very pleased about, as normally during Rally Germany you can expect rain at some point during the weekend. The Yaris WRC in asphalt specification is pretty much as I remember it from Corsica but Germany has some different characteristics, with fewer corners and heavier braking into junctions from high speed: the braking is one area we were concentrating on during the test as you can gain or lose a lot of time there. We also worked on the suspension: we'll be running a slightly softer car in Germany than we did in Corsica. Germany is one of the trickiest rallies of the whole year and our rivals will be especially strong, so if we can finish in the top five I would be happy and a podium would be a really great result.”
Juho Hänninen
“My feeling is very good after Finland. Although I've not driven in Germany for a long time we were able to show some good speed on asphalt in Monte-Carlo and Corsica earlier this year, so I think we can be strong in Germany too: especially after testing. The weather can change a lot in Germany, and if it rains there will be a lot of mud in the road during the first day, which will be a challenge with our road position. But this rally is also really good fun: the Baumholder stages on day two are really unique.”
Esapekka Lappi
“Winning in Finland won't make any difference to my approach in Germany: I'm going from my strongest event of the year to one that is definitely outside my comfort zone. It's my first asphalt rally in a World Rally Car, but actually I find that the Yaris WRC is even easier to drive on asphalt than it is on gravel, because it really feels like a racing car. The aerodynamics and the potential of the car is so big that the tyres are the limiting factor: there's more power than grip, so you have to drive very cleanly and gently to keep the life in the tyres. If we can stay out of trouble in Germany then I think we have a chance to finish in the top five and score some points. That's my goal.”
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Prestressed Concrete Cylinder Pipe Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Prestressed Concrete Cylinder Pipe market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Pure Technologies Ltd., Ameron International Corporation, Csawwa, WaterRF, Hume Pipe, Phoenix, Phoenix, Xinjiang Guotong Pipeline, Shandong Longquan Pipeline Engineering, Ningxia Qinglong Pipes Industry, SEPPEC, Beijing Hanjian Heshan Pipeline, Jilin Electric Power Pipeline Engineering Corporation, Chengdu Jinwei Pipe, Wuxi Huayi Pipe Manufacturing. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Prestressed Concrete Cylinder Pipe Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-prestressed-concrete-cylinder-pipe-market/10351/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Prestressed Concrete Cylinder Pipe market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Prestressed Concrete Cylinder Pipe market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Prestressed Concrete Cylinder Pipe Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Prestressed Concrete Cylinder Pipe. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Prestressed Concrete Cylinder Pipe in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Outer Steel Cylinder/Lined Cylinder Pipe (LCP), Embedded Steel Cylinder/Embedded Cylinder Pipe (ECP).
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Water Transmission & Distribution, Subaqueous Pipelines, Cooling Water System, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Prestressed Concrete Cylinder Pipe Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-prestressed-concrete-cylinder-pipe-market/10351/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Prestressed Concrete Cylinder Pipe new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Prestressed Concrete Cylinder Pipe market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Prestressed Concrete Cylinder Pipe industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Federal Reserve's latest survey of business conditions found manufacturing activity accelerating in many parts of the country in late April and early May, even as some businesses expressed concern about uncertainty cause by rising trade tensions.
The Fed said Wednesday that its survey described the economy as expanding at a moderate pace with more than half of the central bank's 12 regions reporting a pickup in industrial activity and a third of those districts describing manufacturing conditions as "strong."
The survey was taken after the Trump administration announced plans to institute tariffs of 25 percent on steel imports and 10 percent on aluminum, actions designed to boost domestic producers.
It will inform discussions when the central bank meets next month, when it is expected to raise rates.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A drunk who posed as a police officer to stop traffic tried to grab a real officer by the testicles when they were rumbled.
Mohammed Khan flagged down cars at 6am – but one contained a British Transport Police officer on their way to work.
When they were challenged, Khan pretended they were speaking to their “Sarge” via a “concealed microphone” in their body warmer.
But the men grappled as the officer tried to move the 29-year-old out of the road and Khan grabbed the cop's groin, magistrates heard.
They continued to flag down vehicles before getting into one and telling the driver to take them to hospital because they had “been stabbed”.
Khan, of Pershore Road, Edgbaston, admitted a charge of impersonating a police officer at Birmingham Magistrates' Court .
They were jailed for a total of six months, which included the activatation of a suspended six-week sentence, imposed last September for theft and assault.
Samreen Akhtar, prosecuting, said Khan was stopping cars at the junction of Ladywood Road and Monument Road, Ladywood , on November 1.
Khan held out their left hand and shouted that they were a police officer conducting routine checks.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Natalie Akinola partied in Ibiza after stealing from their company Share this video Watch Next
“He spoke to the driver and read out the registration and description of the car into what appeared to be a concealed microphone in their body warmer.
“The genuine police officer got out of the vehicle, showed them their warrant card and asked them to do the same.
“He refused and continued to speak into their body warmer, making repeated reference to ‘sarge' and ‘sergeant'.
“The genuine officer became concerned for the defendant's safety and asked them to move out of the road, which is when they smelt alcohol.
“It's at this point they called 999 and took hold of their arm.
“A struggle ensued and both men ended up on the floor where the defendant tried to grab hold of the officer's testicles.
“Because of the level of aggression, the officer disengaged and made another 999 call.
“The defendant continued to flag down vehicles and got into one of them after telling the driver to take them to hospital because they had been stabbed.
“He was later arrested and interviewed where they denied the offence.”
Shanaz Begum, defending, said their client suffered from Asperger's Syndrome and was drunk at the time.
They added: “He has a vague recollection of what happened, but their judgement was clouded by drink.
“He did not go out to intentionally do this.
“He says it's a blip, a stupid mistake and they are very remorseful and sorry.
“He had a very bad year last year with a number of family issues and they turned to drink and drugs.”
If you live in Vermont, chances are that you live near a town forest. Whether they are called a “Town Forest,” “Natural Area,” “Country Park,” “Conservation Area,” “Community Forest,” or “Municipal Forest,” town forests can be simply defined as a primarily forested property owned by a municipality. In Chittenden County we have about a dozen town forests, and one of my roles as County Forester is help communities manage these amazing resources.
Vermont's first Municipal Forest Bill passed in 1915. This bill, which described town forests as “a tract of land primarily devoted to producing wood products, maintaining wildlife habitat, protecting water supplies, providing forest recreation and conservation education,” gave municipalities the ability to acquire forested land. Town forests were eligible for assistance from the State: as much as half of the cost of their acquisition and reforestation, up to $600 per biennium in 1946. This bill was well-timed, as much of the 75% of Vermont that was deforested in the previous two centuries was beginning to revert back to forest in the early 1900's. This trend was bolstered by the Great Depression and westward expansion, among other factors, which forced many farmers to move out, give up on farming, and/or give up their land. Some towns capitalized on this trend to acquire future town forests, modeling responsible forest, and public land, management in an increasingly forested landscape. The 840-acre Hinesburg Town Forest, now listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is an example of this, comprised of tax-derelict hill farms acquired by the town between the 1930's and 1950's.
As restoration and reforestation projects, town forests (in addition to private land), were widely planted with conifer plantations, particularly red, white and Scotch pine, and Norway spruce. These plantations were established with the European idea of the “regulated forest” in mind, the philosophy that humans should control every variable in a forest to grow timber as efficiently as possible. These plantations sometimes grew timber quickly, but they were generally not what we now understand to be “healthy” forests: forests that are diverse, resilient to disturbance and provide high-quality habitat and other ecosystem services.
The first generation of town forests in Chittenden County are some of our most iconic. In addition to the Hinesburg Town Forest, the Essex Junction Village Forest, now called “Saxon Hill,” was regarded nationally as an example of a well-managed (plantation) forest. This property, at one time over 800 acres in size, supplied water to Essex Junction beginning in 1905. It was joined by the 501-acre Indian Brook Reservoir property, acquired by Essex Junction in 1955 for the same purpose. The Milton Town Forest, which surrounds Milton Pond, secured Milton's water supply starting in 1923.
New strategies are being used to acquire a new generation of town forests today. The LaPlatte Headwaters Town Forest in Hinesburg, Andrews Town Forest in Richmond, Preston Pond Conservation Area in Bolton and Maple Shade Town Forest in Westford are examples of town forests acquired using conservation funds, among other state, federal, and private funding sources. These, and most new town forests, are conserved, meaning they can never be subdivided or developed, ensuring that they will remain a valuable resource for generations to come.
Town forests usually support a diverse variety of uses, including recreation (walking and running, sometimes mountain biking, Nordic skiing and horseback riding), hunting, forest management, and education. I am particularly excited about town forests as places to demonstrate responsible forest management and show how this can interact positively with some of these other uses. The coexistence of these uses is not always harmonious; when conflicts inevitably arise it is up to the Town (usually in the form of a Conservation Commission or Town Forest Committee) to chart a path forward. This is done through a combination of management planning, community engagement and tough decision-making, and it is done by those who know the town best – its citizens. While having a say in how State or Federally-owned public lands are managed may be challenging, getting involved in the management of your town forest is usually as simple as showing up to a public meeting at the town hall once a month. Get out and enjoy these public resources, and get involved in their management. The shape that these lands take is, ultimately, up to you.
You can find a map of Vermont's town forests here .
Ethan Tapper is the Chittenden County Forester. They can be reached at ethan.tapper@vermont.gov, (802)-585-9099, or at their office at 111 West Street, Essex Junction.
"We don't think about the past. I think that's key," Valeri said. "Think about the next game and prepare well and perform for 90 minutes and improving on things that will make us better."
MATCH OF THE WEEK: The Columbus Crew face Toronto FC in a rematch of last season's Eastern Conference championship. The Reds advanced to the MLS Cup final with a 1-0 victory on aggregate.
This season, the Crew haven't been scored on in a club-record 495 minutes, capped by last Sunday's 0-0 draw with Sporting Kansas City. It was the fifth straight shutout for Crew goalkeeper Zach Steffen.
Meanwhile, the league's reigning champions are struggling with a 3-7-1 record this season, and they're coming off a 1-0 loss to FC Dallas. But they've also been dealing with an unusual number of injuries.
"There are a lot of games left, we have a great team, a team that can win on many days but the reality is we are letting games slip away from us too consistently," Reds captain Michael Bradley said. "We have to respond in a big way now in this next stretch."
This is the second meeting between the two teams this season. The Crew won the first one 2-0 in Toronto.
PLAYER OF THE WEEK: Vancouver's Cristian Techera has been named the league's Player of the Week after scoring a hat trick in the Whitecaps' 3-3 draw with the New England Revolution last weekend.
It was the Uruguayan midfielder's first three-goal game in MLS.
US SOCCER BECKONS: Philadelphia Union sporting director Earnie Stewart will assume the new role of general manager for the U.S. men's national team, according to various reports.
One of their first duties will be to hire a new coach. Dave Sarachan has been interim coach since Bruce Arena stepped down following the Americans' failure to qualify for the World Cup in Russia.
Stewart, who was born in the Netherlands, has been with the Union for the past three seasons after serving as an executive for a pair of Dutch clubs.
A former midfielder, they made 101 appearances for the U.S. team. They also played for D.C. United as well as several Dutch teams.
By Anne M. Peterson, The Associated Press
Share This: Watch Keanu Reeves Science The Heck Out Of Their Dead Family In Replicas Corrina
The great thing about working as an actor in the movie business is that you can be anything you dream of. Enter: Keanu Reeves as a neuroscientist in their upcoming sci-fi thriller, Replicas.
Reeves shared the first trailer for the 2018 release at New York Comic Con earlier this week. Directed by Jeffrey Nachmanoff (known for their work on series like Homeland and Hostages), the story centres on William Foster (Reeves) who, according to the synopsis, “is on the verge of successfully transferring human consciousness into a computer when their family is tragically killed in a car crash. Desperate to resurrect them, William recruits fellow scientist Ed Whittle (Thomas Middleditch) to help them secretly clone their bodies and create replicas. But they soon faces a ‘Sophie's choice' when it turns out that they can only bring three of the four family members back to life.”
Looks like Reeves' character has been too busy with all their important science stuff to have made time to watch Pet Cemetery, which taught us all the crucial lesson that dead means dead for a very good reason, no matter how much you loved Fluffy, Fido, or your pretty blonde wife (Alice Eve, in this case).
Still, the premise of the movie has a lot of potential (thanks to Blade Runner 2049, Westworld, and Humans, androids, replicants, and clones are so hot right now). And we're psyched to see Silicon Valley's Middleditch in anything—even if they don't crack a single joke in the trailer. Check it out below.
For a few minutes just after 7 o'clock tonight, Ross Taylor had Seddon Park to himself.
They walked across the outfield, the shadows lengthening behind him, and after climbing a significant individual milestone yesterday, it was a chance to be alone with their thoughts.
A penny for them. A hunch would have them a mix of family, team and Martin Crowe.
Read more:
De Grandhomme caught up in DRS shocker
Windies coach optimistic of seeing some spirit
Advertisement
Their 17th test century, 107 not out against the West Indies, brought them level with captain Kane Williamson but, more importantly in purely personal terms, their mentor Crowe.
Tonight, where it was clear the emotions was running high, the eyes red, Taylor talked about what the day had meant to him.
Crowe had not only urged Taylor to match their 17 centuries but push on beyond. That's Taylor's next mission, but he'll have to wait until March for New Zealand's test series, against England.
Ross Taylor signs autographs. Photo / Photosport.co.nz
They did a brief interview with Crowe's former teammate, commentator Ian Smith. Both were close to Crowe, who died last year at 53.
''We had some good nights with Hogan, talking about my batting, and a lot of it probably not positive, but it came from a good place and I guess that's why I'm here today."
They spoke of a quick chat with umpire Bruce Oxenford, who congratulated them on reaching the century.
''I said thank you and if you'd told me at the start of my career I'd get 17 test hundreds I'd have said 'no chance'. I always saw myself as a white ball player growing up."
Taylor was dropped on 35 yesterday, which ended with the West Indies -- replying to 291 for eight -- at 30 for two chasing an improbable 444 to square the series.
''I don't normally say this but I said (to myself) 'let's make it pay'."
They admitted he's not big on numbers but Crowe had instilled into them that while ''they are not the be all and end all they are just a little reminder now and then.
Ross Taylor batting. Photo / Photosport.co.nz
''You go through ups and downs and sometimes a goal is there to motivate you; sometimes they're there to give you a push along."
Their work through the on side yesterday was strong, they frequently pierced the offside field, scoring eight boundaries off their 198 balls.
They moved New Zealand's advantage out beyond 400, and Taylor talked about the importance of the team aspect, there were other parts to yesterday.
This was their fifth century at Seddon Park, they live in Hamilton, and that matters.
They like batting at Seddon Park, he's comfortable here, has spoken of the importance of being at home, with their family and feeling relaxed.
Their first test hundred, 120 against England in 2008, was also at Seddon Park.
That still holds a special place as it proved to them that – after ''an average'' first two tests in South Africa, then being dropped for the subsequent visit from Bangladesh, then being recalled – that ''I could belong, I could play at this level."
All they wanted today was to focus on their processes, and batting to the situation of the game.
But they got a whole lot more, and New Zealand were the beneficiary too.
And for all the individual side of yesterday, Taylor you suspect would like that bit just as much.
''Seventeen is the benchmark that 'Hogan' wanted me to get to and beat. But they also said: 'carry on and don't stop there'," Taylor said before the test.
How's that for that little bit of motivation Taylor was talking about.
Fast-growing Dublin-founded specialist student lender Future Finance has paid out more than €2 million to customers in compensation after identifying it was in breach of two sections of the UK's Consumer Credit Act.
The company said customers have been refunded a combined €2.17 million, either in the form of credits against their outstanding balance or as cash payments to refund them for any possible interest wrongly charged to them.
The breach of sections 77A and 86B of the Consumer Credit Act was self-identified by the company during a sale of one of its loan portfolios late last year.
Future Finance said it discovered that, in some instances, statements were not sent on time due to the manual portion of the loan-servicing processes on older loans.
According to the Consumer Credit Act 1974, if statements are not sent out at the right time, no interest can be accrued from the date that a correct statement should have been issued.
Future Finance said it immediately took action to redress the problem with customers and notified the relevant authorities. The lender said there was no financial loss or detriment caused to consumers, and the company did not profit in any way as a result of the technical irregularity.
It added that it has since implemented an automated loan software system solution to generate customer documentation and send them within the required time frame.
In the red
Newly filed accounts for Future Finance show the company fell into the red last year, partly as a result of the compensation payout and a €4.48 million hits on the sale of the portfolio. This comes in addition to an earlier €1.57 million writedown on the loans, for which the company received close to €57 million.
The company's loan portfolio at the end of 2017 amounted to just €4.87 million, compared with €49.3 million a year earlier.
Funds disbursed on loans originated by the group totalled £55.3 million in 2017, versus £42.2 million in the prior year.
Overall, Future Finance reported a €20.4 million pretax loss for the 12 months ending December 2017, compared with a €15.8 million profit in 2016.
Interest income totalled €3 million last year versus €3.5 million a year earlier, while income from other sources rose from €284,583 to €3.4 million.
The company, which has funded about £70 million in loans to students, was established by entrepreneur Brian Norton, who relocated from Chicago to Ireland in 2013 to set up the business.
Flexible loans
Future Finance typically provides flexible loans to undergraduates and postgraduates of £2,000-£40,000 each academic year to help them pay for tuition costs and living expenses. Its primary focus is on the UK market.
Chief executive Alex King, who succeeded Mr Norton last year, recently told The Irish Times the company was looking to issue £40 million-£70 million in student loans this year. It aims to ramp this up to £100 million-£200 million in 2019.
The company, which is partnered with the European Investment Fund and more than 60 universities across Europe, employs about 80 people, the majority in Dublin.
The company recently signed a £100 million debt facility with New York-based Waterfall Asset Management, which includes an option to participate in a further £150 million extension to grow the student lending business.
The new debt facility came hot on the heels of Future Finance securing €40 million in a Series C round with existing investors to fund loans and hire more people in Dublin, London and Chicago.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 33-year-old man who committed two rapes in Burton and then fled to Iraq has been jailed for more than four years.
Jabar Ababakr, of no fixed address, carried out the two attacks on June 1, 2014, and then skipped the country.
In July 2017, while they were on the run, there was a large-scale appeal made by Staffordshire Police on BBC's Crimewatch show.
After returning to the UK earlier this year, they handed themselves in at a police station in Sutton Coldfield, in February, telling officers had been in Iraq visiting their dying mother.
Ababakr was immediately arrested and pleaded guilty to the offences when they appeared in court on March 16.
Ababakr has now been jailed for a total of 56 months for the two counts of rape, which took place in Burton on June 1, 2014. They were sentenced at Stafford Crown Court on April 13.
Detective Constable Clare Davenport, of Staffordshire Police, said after the case: "Thanks to the courage and determination of the victim in coming forward Ababakr is now behind bars.
"We will always do whatever it takes to bring offenders to justice, while ensuring victims and their families are offered the support they need."
Anyone who has suffered sexual abuse, or suspects others may be subject to sexual abuse, is urged to contact Derbyshire police on 101.
Alternatively, the independent crime-fighting charity Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 111 or through www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
We've just launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here .
To download the Android app click here .
The nurse arrested in relation to the deaths of eight babies at a UK neo-natal unit and the attempted killing of six others has been named as Lucy Letby, 28.
The Daily Mail reports Letby was arrested on Tuesday local time (yesterday NZT) and is being questioned in relation to the unexplained deaths.
The arrest came after a year-long investigation into a number of deaths at the Countess of Chester Hospital during 2015 and 2016.
Lucy Letby Source: Facebook
Overnight, a second hospital - Liverpool Women's Hospital - said it is working with police in the investigation.
Letby undertook a work placement at LWH after graduating in 2011.
Pharma giant Randox and Ulster University are set to deliver a major boost for Northern Ireland's life sciences industry and global patient healthcare through a £5 million collaboration designed to help address the STEM skills shortage .
The Industrial PhD Academy aims to encourage the development of advanced, higher level skills in key industry sectors, while reinforcing UU's reputation for biomedical related research and enhancing Randox's competitiveness in the global healthcare sector.
The skills development initiative will support up to ten individuals annually through PhD level study in the Life Sciences sector.
They will have the opportunity to work on new research projects, driven by industry and jointly supervised by Ulster University and Randox, to enhance their own individual skill sets whilst delivering groundbreaking advances in the life sciences sector.
PhD researchers enrolled in this new programme of Industrial Research have started projects in areas of medicine including mental health, diabetes and cancer, with more projects being developed.
All projects share the common goal of delivering new diagnostic approaches for early detection of disease and earlier intervention where possible.
“Ulster University is renowned globally for research in personalised medicine, cancer, diabetes and mental health and this makes us the perfect fit for a global industry leader like Randox,” said deputy Vice-Chancellor, prof Alastair Adair.
“We have a longstanding partnership built around research, knowledge sharing and collaboration which has placed both organisations at the forefront of diagnostics and health research globally.”
Randox MD, Dr Peter FitzGerald, said: “We are unapologetically ambitious in our determination to cement Northern Ireland's reputation as a global hub for life sciences and our own position as a worldwide leader. The current STEM skills shortage costs the economy £1.5bn/year and will only be resolved if all companies in the sector recognise they have a role to play now too.”
FORMER president and now Pampanga Rep. Gloria Macapagal Arroyo has accused the Anti-Money Laundering Council (AMLC) of being a political tool of the previous Aquino administration.
In a statement, Arroyo alleged that the AMLC leaked the records of bank accounts of then Davao City mayor and presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte, said to have contained P211 million, during the campaign period, which the AMLC and the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP) have denied.
“The AMLC, whose officers were appointed by the previous administration, has demonstrated the potential of being used as a tool of selective justice. In the previous administration, grossly inaccurate information on the alleged bank accounts of then presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte and other perceived opponents of the officers' appointing authority were leaked out,” Arroyo, one of the 13 deputy speakers in the House of Representatives, said.
“In contrast, information is now being withheld from authorized investigators on the bank accounts of certain persons under investigation who happen to be identified with the previous authority which appointed them, and to whom they seem to owe their allegiance,” they added, in apparent reference to the efforts of the Justice department to examine the bank accounts of those allegedly involved in the drug trade at the New Bilibid Prison, such as Sen. Leila de Lima and their former boyfriend and bodyguard Ronnie Dayan.
Arroyo, however, did not specify which law was violated by the AMLC.
Under the Bank Secrecy Law, all deposits “may not be examined, inquired or looked into by any person, government official, bureau or office, except upon written permission of the depositor, or in cases of impeachment, or upon order of a competent court in cases of bribery or dereliction of duty of public officials, or in cases where the money deposited or invested is the subject matter of the litigation.”
The Anti -Money Laundering Law provides that the AMLC can file an ex-parte petition for a freeze order on assets in question with the Court of Appeals after the council's determination that these were used in unlawful activities.
The Anti Money Laundering law also states that if there is no case filed against a person whose account has been frozen within the period determined by the court, the freeze order shall be deemed lifted. The rule however does not apply to pending cases in the courts.
In any case, the court should act on a petition to freeze within 24 hours from the filing of the petition.
Arroyo has filed House Bill 731 to amend Section 128 of the Central Bank Act “to insulate the BSP officials from the actuations of AMLC, especially the political ones which may be influenced by the Council officials' loyalty to their appointing authority.”
“The BSP should be liberated from the burden of supervising the very rigorous demands of criminal investigation such as those performed by AMLC,” Arroyo said.
AMLC Chairman and BSP Governor Amando Tetangco is a “fine career technocrat,” Arroyo said, but “his supervision over the AMLC has exposed some problems.”
“The said agency has been acting much on its own with regard to its investigations, without bothering to get specific clearances from the BSP governor,” Arroyo claimed.
Democratic lawmakers are set to take on eight of the appointments by US President-elect Donald Trump for their cabinet ahead of their inauguration later this month.
In a Sunday statement, incoming Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer from New York told Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Republican from Kentucky, that the Democrats will especially target the eight.
“Any attempt by Republicans to have a series of rushed, truncated hearings before Inauguration Day and before the Congress and public have adequate information on all of them is something Democrats will vehemently resist," said the senator.
The Democrats will target Russia-friendly ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson, Trump's choice for secretary of state; Alabama Republican Senator Jeff Sessions, their pick for attorney general; South Carolina Republican Representative Mick Mulvaney, tapped to lead the Office of Management and Budget; and Betsy DeVos, selected to serve as education secretary.
Their list also includes Georgia Republican Representative Tom Price, Trump's pick to lead the Department of Health and Human Services, Andrew Puzder, a restaurant executive set to serve as labor secretary, Steve Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs partner set to serve as treasury secretary, and finally, Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt, Trump's pick to lead the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).
"If Republicans think they can quickly jam through a whole slate of nominees without a fair hearing process, they're sorely mistaken," Schumer noted, adding that the future president's picks "would break key campaign promises and have made billions off the industries they'd be tasked with regulating.”
They stated that for each pick, two days are needed and no more than two should face hearing in the course of a week.
Trump has come under fire for appointing billionaires and insiders in the their administration, despite their promises during the campaign for the 2016 election.
Two firms – Bleeperbike and Urbo – have been granted licences to operate Dublin City Council's stationless bike-hire scheme.
Under the scheme, 200 bikes will be rolled out across the city “immediately”, with the number of bikes to gradually increase over the coming months, according to the council.
Bikes will be sourced through a smartphone app, which will also unlock the bike. Hired bikes will not have to be returned to a docking station, but must be returned and locked to official Sheffield stands located around the city.
The scheme will be complementary to Dublinbikes, a self-service bike-rental system which uses docking stations located across the capital.
“I think there will be growing pains, and we're starting off slowly,” said Green Party councillor Ciarán Cuffe, who is chairperson of the council's transportation strategic policy committee.
Mr Cuffe said it was hoped there would be 500 bikes operational by the end of the year. “But we want to make sure if there's any teething problems that we can sort them out before we scale up the project.”
Bleeperbike currently operates within the Dún-Laoghaire-Rathdown and South Dublin County Council districts and originally planned to launch its Dublin City scheme in June 2017. However, the launch was delayed when the council said it would have to introduce new bylaws.
The use of the Sheffield stands will ensure that the bikes “don't become a nuisance”, said Dick Brady, assistant chief executive at the council's environment and transportation department.
“Looking around the world, there have been challenges with stationless bikes, of them being left in the wrong place and obstructing footpaths,” Mr Cuffe said. “But I think if it's done right . . . we should be able to overcome these hurdles and really get more people cycling, which is good for air quality, it's good for health and it's good for the city.”
The non-jury Special Criminal Court trial of three people accused of murdering Gareth Hutch is set to begin next week.
Mr Hutch (35), a nephew of Gerry Hutch, was shot dead as they were getting into their car outside Avondale House flats on North Cumberland Street in Dublin on the morning of May 24th, 2016.
Thomas Fox (31) with an address at Rutland Court, Dublin 1, Regina Keogh (41) from Avondale House, Cumberland Street North, Dublin 1 and Jonathan Keogh (32) of Gloucester Place, Dublin 1, are all charged with the alleged murder of Mr Hutch.
The trial had been due to begin on Wednesday but was instead adjourned until next week after additional evidence was served.
Paul Burns SC, prosecuting, told the court that four weeks had been set aside for the trial but it was likely it would run a bit longer.
The three accused were remanded in custody and the trial will begin on Tuesday morning in front of Mr Justice Tony Hunt, presiding, sitting with Judge Patricia Ryan and Judge Michael Walsh.
RAW General Manager Kurt Angle has announced Roman Reigns vs. Braun Strowman for the April 30th WWE Payback pay-per-view from San Jose, California at the SAP Center.
Below is the updated card for the RAW brand event, which features SmackDown's Randy Orton defending the WWE Title.
House of Horrors Match for the WWE Title
Bray Wyatt vs. Randy Orton
WWE United States Title Match
Chris Jericho vs. Kevin Owens
WWE Cruiserweight Title Match
Austin Aries vs. Neville
RAW Tag Team Title Match
Cesaro and Sheamus vs. The Hardys
Seth Rollins vs. Samoa Joe
Roman Reigns vs. Braun Strowman
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
High Paywave fees from banks are making goods and services 'more expensive for everyone'
Retail NZ says it has heard of retailers in New Zealand being charged up to 3.5 per cent transaction fees, with an average of 1.6 per cent - the average in the UK is 0.2 per cent.
The shareholders of a GmbH, a type of German private limited company, have extensive rights to information that go beyond the general meeting of the shareholders, and they are able to exercise their rights of access and inspection.
GmbH shareholders entrust the managing director with the fate of their company. Notwithstanding this, they do, of course, have the right to be informed about what is happening in their firm at all times. In addition to the general meeting of the shareholders, the rights of access and inspection are an important tool for shareholders to gain an insight into all commercially and legally relevant matters within the company. We at the commercial law firm GRP Rainer Rechtsanwälte note that while their rights of access and inspection are indeed wide-ranging, they are not without their limits.
What is the order situation? Which projects have been completed and which are at the planning stage? How are the agreements structured? These and other questions are of interest to all shareholders. They receive answers to these questions at the general meeting of the shareholders. They can also receive answers by exercising their rights of access and inspection, and in doing so request information concerning concluded transactions, projects at the planning stage, agreements, records, protocols etc. These rights to information may also be applicable to a limited extent if the GmbH has a financial interest in other companies.
The GmbH shareholder's rights of access and inspection cannot be restricted by the articles of association. Moreover, the managing director is obligated to provide the desired information without delay. However, they or they must also assess whether providing the information would go against the company's interests. This would be the case, for instance, if there was reason to fear that the shareholder might use the information for non-company purposes and thereby damage the company, e.g. because the shareholder has a financial interest in a rival company as well.
In such instances, the managing director needs to act prudently. If they or they act on their own authority in refusing access or the right of inspection, they or they are committing a breach of duty and may render themselves liable to pay damages. Conversely, they or they cannot release the information if they have reason to fear an abuse of rights or use of information for non-company purposes. The final decision must therefore be taken by the general meeting of the shareholders. The shareholder seeking the information is not authorized to vote on this resolution. If the general meeting decides to deny the shareholder access or the right of inspection, the latter can still try and enforce their or their rights through the courts.
Lawyers who are experienced in the field of company law can advise shareholders and managing directors.
https://www.grprainer.com/en/legal-advice/company-law.html
When criminals use profiling to identify victims, do you think the police should tell the public? And what if City Hall doesn't like the idea because the result won't sound politically correct.
My sources in law enforcement say that's exactly what's happening with a series of high profile crimes committed by young girls. The teenage girls who carjacked multiple cars are 14, 14 and 15 years of age. But police refused to release their names.
Turns out all three girls are black. And my sources say they used profiling to find victims, young white and Asian women, small in stature. They'd sit on the car's hood, wait for the vic to come out and demand to know why they're on the car, and then beat down the victim and take them keys.
But black suspects beating down white and Asian women, that's the kind of non PC stuffs that city hall doesn't want to answer questions about. Imagine what city hall would say today if it had been three white skinhead boys beating down black or Hispanic victims.
The post Lars Thoughts – Why Are The Lefties Ignoring Crimes With Racial Profiling? appeared first on The Lars Larson Show.
Have you heard about rising housing costs? How about gasoline? And how many kidneys you'd have to sell to afford health insurance with a reasonable deductible? Yeah, things are pretty expensive out there. So, unless you're really rich (and if so, good going on that), you're going to need some cheap eats and drinks so you can afford the skyrocketing costs of everything else.
Because we care deeply about your financial health, we rounded up the best food and drink deals in town. Like, deals so good you feel like you're stealing from them. Every food and drink on this list costs less than $5, which means you might even have money left over for a down payment on a shack in Boulder. (Just kidding — no one can afford a shack in Boulder.)
Some of these steals are available anytime. Others are only around on certain days or at certain times, so put them on your calendar, create a spreadsheet or get them tattooed onto your arm. Whatever it takes to get $2 burgers and 75 cent martinis.
Breakfast:
Breakfast burritos are so celebrated in Denver that they got their own food holiday (Oct. 14; don't pretend that you didn't already know), and the most iconic of all just might be Santiago's $2.25 version. various locations; eatatsantiagos.com
There may be cheaper breakfast burritos out there (see Santiago's, above) but, at least according to Denver Post Breakfast Burrito Bracket voters, there are no betters. Asada Rico is the little burrito cart that could, dominating our 2017 March Madness burrito tournament in spite of not even having a brick-and-mortar restaurant. Owner Manuel Breackenridge rolls up the $3-$5 burritos (depending on what you get inside) Monday through Friday beginning at 7 a.m. 16th Street Mall at Stout, 720-650-RICO; asadarico.com
Fresh-baked bread is kind of priceless, but City Bakery Cafe has done the impossible (or maybe just the entrepreneurial) and put a price on that hot, steaming dough. The cost? $3.99 for a ciabatta roll with egg and cheese. 726 Lincoln St., Denver, 303-861-0809; citybakery.us
Get to the Cozy Cottage between 7 and 8 a.m. on weekdays for its unbeatable Early Bird Special of two eggs any style, potatoes or grits, and toast or pancakes for — wait for it — all of $3. (It's normally $5, so it's not like you're breaking the bank if you sleep in.) 4363 Tennyson St., Denver, 720-855-8958; cozyupdenver.com
The biggest problem you're going to have at Tacos Selene is your lack of stomach space for the awesome $1.50 tacos, which, if that's really your biggest problem, means you're probably making good life choices. So congratulations on that (and the tacos you're about to eat). 15343 E. 6th Ave., Aurora, 303-343-7879
Tacos:
Pretty much everything at La Potranca Taqueria is a steal, but the $1.49 tacos might be the best bargain of them all. For 80 cents more, get them fully loaded with guacamole and cotija cheese, bringing your total to a whopping $2.29. 2336 E. 46th Ave., Denver, 303-292-3617; lapotrancataqueria.eat24hour.com
El Taco de Mexico's $2 tacos ($2.25 for the lengua) aren't just legit because we say so; they're legit because Andrew Zimmern, host of “Bizarre Foods America,” said so, too. So there you have it. 714 Santa Fe Drive, Denver, 303-623-3926; eltacodemexicodenver.com
Skip the dollar menu at fast food chain restaurants and stock up on Taco House's 93-cent tacos (takeout only). 581 S. Federal Blvd., Denver, 303-936-3633; tacohouse.org
Pizza:
Four spots for giant pizza slices: Two-Fisted Mario's ($3/cheese slices); Famous Pizza ($2.99/cheese slices); Slices Pizza ($2.95 for any piece at the slice bar; yes, the slice bar); and Famous Original J‘s ($3/cheese slices, or $5 for a slice and a beer). Two-Fisted Mario's: 1626 Market St., Denver, 303-623-3523; twofistedmarios.com, Famous Pizza: 98 S. Broadway, Denver, 303-778-7998, Slices: 7155 E. Hampden Ave., Denver, 303-758-0940; slicesofpizza.com; and Famous Original J's: 715 E. 26th Ave., Denver, 720-420-9102; famousoriginaljs.com
When you're hungry for a late-night pizza snack (so … every day?), Cart-Driver's 10 p.m.-12 a.m. happy hour is there for you. The Daisy (margherita) wood-fired pizza, which normally goes for $12, is just $5 for those two hours. 2500 Larimer St., Denver, 303-292-3553; cart-driver.com
Do you know what's more important in life than finding the perfect pizza dough? Of course you don't, because nothing is. It's even better when you can get that perfect pizza dough for $2 and it's ready to bake and top and you don't even have to get your hands all flour-y. Thank you, Pizzeria Locale, for making the world a more perfect place in which to live. various locations; pizzerialocale.com
Drinks:
We can't emphasize enough just how bad of an idea this is, but if you absolutely, positively insist upon drinking three martinis at lunch, the cheapest spot at which to do so is Tupelo Honey Café. With the purchase of an entrée, you're eligible to order up to three 75-cent martinis. Which, again, is a really horrible idea and we really think you should reconsider. 1650 Wewatta St., Denver, 720-274-0650; tupelohoneycafe.com
Cheap margaritas are always a great idea! (We may have gotten a word wrong in that sentence, but whatever.) After 4 p.m., D'Corazon's big, strong margaritas are $3.57 with the purchase of a meal. 1530 Blake St., Denver, 720-904-8226; dcorazonrestaurant.com
For those who like their beers cheap and their dancing in line formation, check out the Grizzly Rose on Tuesday nights. Draft beers go for a single buck all night long. 5450 North Valley Highway, Denver, 303-295-2353; grizzlyrose.com
Dessert:
The savory options at Cuba Bakery & Café are great and all, but it's the flaky guava and cream cheese pastries for $1.50 each that have half our hearts in Havana. 15028 E. Mississippi Ave., Aurora, 303-752-2822
Two spots for a $2 sugar high: On Tuesdays, the fabulous cupcakes at Happy Bakeshop go for $2 (normally $3.25), and although it's gotten more expensive than the previous, killer three-cookies-for-a-dollar deal, the Santa Fe Cookie Co.'s trio of cookies for $2 is still a good value. Happy Bakeshop: 3434 W. 32nd Ave., Denver, 303-477-3556; happybakeshopcolorado.com and Santa Fe Cookie Co.: 303 16th St., Denver, 303-623-0919; santafecookieco.com
For less than the cost of a pint of Ben & Jerry's at the grocery store, you can get a pint of fresh-made, ultra-creamy Glacier ice cream or gelato. Stock up for the week (or the night, depending on how your day went) with Glacier's three pints for $13 deal. Boulder locations; glaciericecream.com
Happy Hour:
Buy a cheap drink at Jose O'Shea's during its 4-6:30 p.m. happy hour and get an all-access pass to the free taco and nacho bar. The $3.99 margaritas are made with Sauza tequila, so it's not even the worst-possible tequila out there. 385 Union Blvd., Lakewood, 303-988-7333; joseosheas.com
When considering both quality and quantity, Ultreia's weekday 3-6 p.m. happy hour is impressive. Pintxos (Spanish snacks) go for $3.06 each, and a goblet full of gin and whatever else they want to put in there is just $4.08. Oh, and sangria is $3.06, so that's probably worth ordering, too. 1701 Wynkoop, Denver, 303-534-1970; ultreiadenver.com
Look! There are deals to be had in the LoHi neighborhood! Mizu Izakaya's $5 happy hour menu includes sushi rolls and small plates like shishito peppers and gyoza. Check it out Monday through Friday from 4 to 6 p.m. (plus another round late night) and on weekends from 1 to 5 p.m. 1560 Boulder St., Denver, 720-372-7100; mizudenver.com
The Rest:
Empanadas are usually a pretty cheap eat, but the ones at Empanada Express Grill are some of our favorites because: a) they're huge, and b) they're delicious. Ham or cheese go for $3.75, while $4.99 buys you premium fillings, like seafood or the pabellon criollo (beef, chicken or pork with beans and plantains). 4301 W. 44th Ave., Denver, 303-955-8362; theempanadaexpress.com
From 4 to 10 p.m. each Tuesday, cheeseburgers go for $2 at Brothers Bar & Grill. See? There's hope for the world after all. Stapleton and Lone Tree locations; brothersbar.com
Tamale Kitchen started out in 1980 by selling tamales door-to-door. While its method of delivery has changed, the food (and, apparently, the prices) have not. Stop by on Tuesdays when tamales are 50 cents all day. Various locations; thetamalekitchen.com
A meager $3.50 buys you one of the best sandwiches in Denver at Ba Le, a Vietnamese bakery/deli. The thit nuong (BBQ pork) banh mi with crunchy veggies on a fresh baguette is our go-to. 1044 S. Federal Blvd., Denver, 303-922-2129
The majority of Star Kitchen's dim sum menu is under $5. Choose among — or don't; at these prices why choose? — pork siu mai, mango pudding and steamed BBQ pork buns for just $3.15. And definitely grab a plate of the addictive crystal leek dumplings at $4.25 when they roll around. 2917 W. Mississippi Ave., Denver, 303-936-0089; starkitchenseafooddimsum.com
The worldwide event will take place for one night only later this month.
Muse frontman Matt Bellamy has said the band's upcoming film will feature unseen augmented reality elements not included on their most recent tour.
The Drones World Tour film will launch for one night only in cinemas across the world, giving fans a large screen view of the 2015/16 international show.
The unique screening will be a chance for Muse fans worldwide to unite around the one-off film, which will be shown on July 12.
Bellamy told the Press Association: “It was a tour that was quite unusual for us because we were playing in the middle of the venue and we had all these flying drones going on and it was probably the first time we did a more theatrical, conceptual-type tour.
Matt Bellamy (Ian West/PA)
“We were trying to project stuff into them – one of the ideas was to fill them with white smoke and project onto that white smoke, but in rehearsals it never quite translated in the way we wanted it to.
“In making the film, we were able to augment reality slightly and put those some of the things virtually into those orbs floating around the venue which we weren't able to do in the actual concert itself. So in a way it's a kind of enhanced and more complete version of the show that we're doing on the film.”
The band – composed of Bellamy, Chris Wolstenholme and Dominic Howard – was conscious of making something “dramatic” enough to suit the magnificence of a cinema screen.
Bellamy, 40, said: “Everyone's streaming stuff now so it will probably end up online at some point but putting it in cinemas is a nice way of giving it a bit of large screen treatment so audiences will get to feel almost like they're at the gig – I think that's a nicer way to see it than on just a TV at home or something.
“No one really does DVDs anymore, they've finally disappeared off the face of the earth so in terms of getting stuff out there, it's probably online streaming and making something interesting enough and dramatic enough to work in a cinema format.”
The film was recorded over a number of 2016 dates and will feature hits including Uprising, Knights of Cydonia, and Madness.
Get tickets now for MUSE: Drones World Tour at https://t.co/M3r4IVvWQz. The film is a one-night only event, in cinemas worldwide, on Thursday 12 July. #MuseDrones #DronesWorldTour pic.twitter.com/PM1cQnfnEH — muse (@muse) May 10, 2018
Fans will be pleased to know that the event will be topped off with the release of a new single, Something Human, soon after.
Bellamy said the “intimate” track is a marked departure from the “dark, moody” Drones.
“The album was very conceptual, very dark, very moody and sort of fearful about technology and drone warfare and that sort of stuff,” they said.
“It's gonna lead into this single which is a much more open, honest, approach to songwriting and a reaction to what it felt like doing that show.”
The musician added: “If you hear the lyrics of the song, it almost could be the end credits of the Drones film because it's me overtly saying: ‘I'm pretty knackered, and I'm pretty tired, and I just want to go home and get back to a normal life'.”
The Drones World Tour film will be in cinemas for one night only on July 12.
© Press Association 2018
Only a few tickets will be sold at $20 each at the Carpinteria Avofest
Rotary Club of Carpinteria will kick off the Carpinteria Avofest with a raffle to win a new red Vespa, supplied by Ducati-Vespa of Santa Barbara.
Only a few tickets will be sold at $20 each, so those who arrive at the Rotary Club's booth at the festival when it opens at 2 p.m. Friday, Oct. 7 will be sure to get a ticket.
Profits from the ticket sales for the Vespa raffle will go directly to Rotary-supported programs and activities for Carpinterian youth and those in need locally.
The ticket holder does not have to be present at the drawing to win.
Click here for more information or e-mail .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
— Pat Kistler is the public relations coordinator for the Rotary Club of Carpinteria.
Video: Sassy Rebel Wilson charms media after huge defamation win, thought about 'pashing' Liam Hemsworth to keep their mind off case
"I didn't deserve it and if they knew me personally, they'd know that I've worked so hard for everything I've ever got."
There has been a sharp drop in the number of asylum-seekers granted a reprieve to stay in the country on humanitarian grounds or for family considerations.
The number of asylum-seekers denied refugee or protection status granted “leave to remain” last year was 163, down from 465 in 2016, and 1,201 in 2015. Individuals can be granted leave to remain on humanitarian grounds or based on their existing links in the country.
At the start of last year the asylum system was reformed, so asylum-seekers applied for several different categories of protection together rather than one after the other, which was geared towards cutting down long waiting times.
The new system also streamlined the number of appeals available to asylum-seekers.
Under the new system, 766 people were granted asylum last year. This figure includes official refugee status and subsidiary protection status, for cases where a person who does not qualify as a refugee can prove they would be at risk of harm if returned to their home country. The figures from the Department of Justice were obtained through a parliamentary question from Green Party deputy leader Catherine Martin.
Dehumanising
Ms Martin said they would be worried that the drop in the number of asylum-seekers given leave to remain was due to “the dehumanising nature of the new streamlined processes”.
They said many people with justifiable asylum claims “have suffered greatly and have lost everything” in coming to Ireland, and that the applications process had to be seen through in as “caring, fair and compassionate a manner as possible”.
Responding to Ms Martin's parliamentary query, Minister for Justice Charlie Flanagan said the introduction of the International Protection Act “required significant changes to procedures” and the moving of all existing cases into the new application process, which led to fewer cases being resolved.
A spokesperson for the department added there had been a concerted effort to process asylum applications that had been waiting in the system for five years in 2015 and 2016, which may have led to the comparable drop in leave-to-remain figures last year.
The most common nationalities to apply for asylum last year came from Georgia, Albania, Zimbabwe, Nigeria and Pakistan, according to figures from the department. Provisional figures show 2,930 people applied for asylum last year, which includes about 500 refugees accepted from Greece under the EU Relocation Programme.
Deportations
The number of deportation orders issued to migrants or failed asylum-seekers declined in 2017, as did the number of people forcefully deported from the country. Last year the department issued 931 deportation orders, a drop from the 1,191 orders signed in 2016.
A deportation order is enforced by authorities if a person fails to leave the State voluntarily, and last year 140 orders were enforced. In 2016, 428 deportation orders were enforced by authorities, although that was the highest number in several years. China, Nigeria and Pakistan were the three most common countries people were deported to last year.
Family doesn't hold me back
Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Close Modal Window Email This Story Sends email to this address
Enter Your Name
Add a comment here
Verification
Send Email Cancel
Where I'm from, you pretty much have two options for college after graduating from high school. First, you have option one, in which you pack up your things, move to an apartment or dorm, go to college and visit home every few weeks. Then, there's option two, where you attend the town's technical school for a year or two and then inevitably find yourself facing option one. But I was able to find an option that was somewhere in the middle. I attend a university that is over an hour away from my home, but I still live with my parents. I'm almost a senior in college, and I still live at home with my parents and drive over an hour to campus each day. I know what you're thinking: that's totally stupid.
But choosing to live in my parents' home throughout college was probably the best decision I've ever made.
I absolutely dreaded the idea of “thirteenth grade” that would come with attending the technical school in my hometown. I just didn't want to feel like every bad experience or memory from high school was constantly lurking and practically following me from class to class. But, there were also a large number of experiences and memories that I wasn't quite ready to leave behind.
I've heard way too many college students say that they don't talk to their families often or only visit home during breaks, and I didn't want to be one of those students. Yes, it was important to me to have a new environment and be exposed to new opportunities, but, for many reasons, I haven't been able to talk myself into moving away from my best friends and strongest support group.
There's obviously the financial benefit that comes from living with my parents, even though I pay a small fortune in putting gas in my car every other day. I get to focus solely on my education and doing the best that I possibly can in my classes. I'm also able to enjoy my on-campus activities and jobs without having to worry about working enough to pay rent and utilities and the more-than-likely pet deposits I would have to endure if I moved into an apartment. Aside from the monetary advantages that comes with living with my parents, I'm able to come to a house that is almost always full of people. I'm literally never alone or lonely.
Sometimes, that's good a really good thing. Other times, it's not so great. But for the most part, it's really refreshing to come home to at least one person who cares about how my classes went and someone who is willing to listen to a college-student rant. I think a lot of people sometimes miss out on having that strong support group when they move out to attend college, since they often come home to a roommate they barely know or to an empty apartment. College is such a stressful time for students, and I think it's really important for students to have strong, present supporters each day. And let's be honest: in most situations, roommates or pets just can't support or love you as well as your family can.
So I guess what I'm really trying to say is people shouldn't be in such a rush to move out on their own during college. Sometimes moving out is unavoidable, but in most cases, there is some kind of other option. And even though I get way too many “you must be crazy” looks when I tell people I still live at home and have such a long commute, staying with my parents has made my college years so much easier and enjoyable, and I haven't once regretted my choice.
LITTLE ROCK — The Department of Corrections in Arkansas is gearing up to put at least one man to death on Monday night despite a number of legal hurdles that stand in the way of the state's planned executions.
Bruce Ward and Don Davis's executions were scheduled to begin Monday at 7 p.m. and 8:15 p.m. respectively, but that plan has been put into question as the Arkansas Attorney General's office fights multiple legal challenges.
The state was delivered an early blow shortly before noon on Monday when the Arkansas Supreme Court upheld a judge's decision to stay Ward's execution after their lawyer said they were not mentally competent to face capital punishment. Ward is believed to suffer from schizophrenia.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Arkansas execution spree on hold 11:49 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Nevertheless, the state's Department of Corrections said they moved Davis to its Cummins Unit, where the state's death chamber is housed, over the past few days. Davis had filed their own legal challenges about their mental competencies — their lawyer said Davis has an IQ of 70 — but a federal judge rejected their stay request on Easter Sunday.
The pressure is on as one key drug for the state's lethal injection protocol — the controversial sedative midazolam, which has failed in past executions and caused inmates to suffer before dying — is set to expire at the end of the month. The state has no means of replacing the drug in the foreseeable future, essentially stalling executions for an unknown period of time.
Gov. Asa Hutchinson had originally scheduled eight men to die over 10 days, but District Judge Kristine Baker placed a temporary injunction on all of the executions. In a 101-page opinion, they wrote that the midazolam could be unconstitutional, as it might allow for cruel and unusual punishment.
"The threat of irreparable harm to the plaintiffs is significant," they wrote, "if midazolam does not adequately anesthetize plaintiffs, or if their executions are 'botched,' they will suffer severe pain before they die."
In response, the state attorney general's office filed a 27-page motion to quickly vacate the injunction on Saturday to the 8th Circuit Court of Appeals, leaving the court to decide over Easter Sunday and Monday.
Related: Damien Echols, Ex-Death Row Inmate, Speaks for the Condemned
The defense answered Monday morning with a new brief, urging the St. Louis-based 8th Circuit to take its time in considering its opinion. Baker, they said, had heard from 17 witnesses and a case that included 1,300 pages of transcripts and 90 exhibits of more than 2,000 pages of documents before they came to a decision.
"Plaintiffs ask the Court to reject the State's request for a rushed analysis of this complex record and instead give calm consideration to these grave issues after full briefing and argument," the brief stated.
Arkansas Attorney General Leslie Rutledge's office responded Monday morning with their own brief that said the inmates' lawyers were taking advantage of the legal system.
"In reality — like this entire proceeding — Appellees' request is nothing more than an attempt to manipulate the judicial process and make it impossible for Arkansas to carry out Appellees' just and lawful sentences," Rutledge's office wrote.
But Baker's decision isn't the only legal roadblock that the state faces as it looks to execute its first inmate since 2005.
Pulaski County Circuit Judge Wendell Griffen placed a temporary restraining order on the state's ability to use the second drug in its lethal injection protocol — vecuronium bromide.
Pharmaceutical company McKesson Medical-Surgical claimed the Department of Corrections essentially duped them in acquiring the drug, stating that they sold the vecuronium bromide under the pretense that it would be used for health reasons — not an execution.
The state's director of the department of corrections, Wendy Kelly, disputed the charge in testimony on Thursday.
But it was the judge in the pharmaceutical company's case who developed intrigue Friday evening. Soon after Griffen scheduled a hearing for Tuesday morning, they joined a protest of the executions outside the governor's mansion. To depict the inmate's experience on the Arkansas death house gurney, they strapped themselves to a cot on the sidewalk outside Hutchinson's home.
Judge Wendell Griffen portrays a prisoner on a gurney during a protest against executions in front of the governor's mansion in Little Rock, Ark. on April 14, 2017. Mitchell McCoy / KARK
The state attorney general's office is now seeking to have them removed from the case and Republican lawmakers want them to leave the bench altogether, stating that they did not act impartially.
"As a public opponent of capital punishment, Judge Griffen should have recused themselves from this case," said the state attorney general's spokesperson, Judd Deere.
Man on cot is judge who just blocked execution of seven brutal murderers. Who thinks he's impartial & fair in death-penalty cases? https://t.co/VrUOSvCcdz — Tom Cotton (@TomCottonAR) April 15, 2017
But for now, that case floats in a new state of legal limbo.
McKesson, the pharmaceutical company, is seeking to drop its lawsuit and vacate the temporary restraining order against its drug after Baker's temporary injunction, but it plans to bring its lawsuit up again if the 8th Circuit dismissed the stay.
Big Brother Naija 2017 4th Runner-up, Marvis Nkpornwi, who is a Princess of The Eleme Kingdom, arrived home in Port Harcourt today and was given a royal welcome party right from when they landed at the airport with Bisola and others. See more photos after the cut…
Global Grind
Here's the first trailer for Pacific Rim: Uprising starring John Boyega from Star Wars: The Force Awakens, who stars as the rebellious Jake Pentecost. John takes over from Idris Elba to play a once-promising Jaeger pilot whose legendary father gave their lives to secure humanity's victory against the monstrous “Kaiju.” This is going to be an epic 3D adventure film that also stars Scott Eastwood and Charlie Day. In theaters March 23rd, 2018.
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
The Milwaukee Brewers have reinstated starting pitcher Matt Garza from the 10-day disabled list, and designated reliever Neftali Feliz for assignment.
Feliz was signed in the offseason to a one-year, $5.35 million contract with the expectation of holding down the closer role this year.
However, Feliz struggled from the get-go, and eventually relinquished the closer spot to Corey Knebel.
Feliz sports a 6.00 ERA this season, and an 11.25 ERA this month.
Garza makes their return to the rotation after missing time with a chest injury. They own a 3.83 ERA over six starts
Description :
Household Sewing Machines-Global Market Status and Trend Report 2013-2023 offers a comprehensive analysis on Household Sewing Machines industry, standing on the readers' perspective, delivering detailed market data and penetrating insights. No matter the client is industry insider, potential entrant or investor, the report will provides useful data and information. Key questions answered by this report include:
Worldwide and Regional Market Size of Household Sewing Machines 2013-2017, and development forecast 2018-2023
Main manufacturers/suppliers of Household Sewing Machines worldwide, with company and product introduction, position in the Household Sewing Machines market
Market status and development trend of Household Sewing Machines by types and applications
Cost and profit status of Household Sewing Machines, and marketing status
Market growth drivers and challenges
Request For sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/3022738-household-sewing-machines-global-market-status-and-trend-report-2013-2023
The report segments the global Household Sewing Machines market as:
Global Household Sewing Machines Market: Regional Segment Analysis (Regional Production Volume, Consumption Volume, Revenue and Growth Rate 2013-2023):
North America
Europe
China
Japan
Rest APAC
Latin America
Global Household Sewing Machines Market: Type Segment Analysis (Consumption Volume, Average Price, Revenue, Market Share and Trend 2013-2023):
Mechanical Sewing Machines
Electronic Sewing Machines
Global Household Sewing Machines Market: Application Segment Analysis (Consumption Volume and Market Share 2013-2023; Downstream Customers and Market Analysis)
Home
Light Commercial
Global Household Sewing Machines Market: Manufacturers Segment Analysis (Company and Product introduction, Household Sewing Machines Sales Volume, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin):
Brother
Singer
Janome
Necchi Macchina
Bernina International
Union Special
Merrow
AMF Reece CR
Consew
YAMATA
Elna International
SVP Worldwide
Henderson Sewing
Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/3022754-wind-converters-global-market-status-and-trend-report-2013-2023
Table Of Content :
Chapter 1 Overview of Household Sewing Machines
1.1 Definition of Household Sewing Machines in This Report
1.2 Commercial Types of Household Sewing Machines
1.2.1 Mechanical Sewing Machines
1.2.2 Electronic Sewing Machines
1.3 Downstream Application of Household Sewing Machines
1.3.1 Home
1.3.2 Light Commercial
1.4 Development History of Household Sewing Machines
1.5 Market Status and Trend of Household Sewing Machines 2013-2023
1.5.1 Global Household Sewing Machines Market Status and Trend 2013-2023
1.5.2 Regional Household Sewing Machines Market Status and Trend 2013-2023
Chapter 2 Global Market Status and Forecast by Regions
2.1 Market Development of Household Sewing Machines 2013-2017
2.2 Production Market of Household Sewing Machines by Regions
2.2.1 Production Volume of Household Sewing Machines by Regions
2.2.2 Production Value of Household Sewing Machines by Regions
2.3 Demand Market of Household Sewing Machines by Regions
2.4 Production and Demand Status of Household Sewing Machines by Regions
2.4.1 Production and Demand Status of Household Sewing Machines by Regions 2013-2017
2.4.2 Import and Export Status of Household Sewing Machines by Regions 2013-2017
Chapter 3 Global Market Status and Forecast by Types
3.1 Production Volume of Household Sewing Machines by Types
3.2 Production Value of Household Sewing Machines by Types
3.3 Market Forecast of Household Sewing Machines by Types
Chapter 4 Global Market Status and Forecast by Downstream Industry
4.1 Demand Volume of Household Sewing Machines by Downstream Industry
4.2 Market Forecast of Household Sewing Machines by Downstream Industry
Chapter 5 Market Driving Factor Analysis of Household Sewing Machines
5.1 Global Economy Situation and Trend Overview
5.2 Household Sewing Machines Downstream Industry Situation and Trend Overview
Chapter 6 Household Sewing Machines Market Competition Status by Major Manufacturers
6.1 Production Volume of Household Sewing Machines by Major Manufacturers
6.2 Production Value of Household Sewing Machines by Major Manufacturers
6.3 Basic Information of Household Sewing Machines by Major Manufacturers
6.3.1 Headquarters Location and Established Time of Household Sewing Machines Major Manufacturer
6.3.2 Employees and Revenue Level of Household Sewing Machines Major Manufacturer
6.4 Market Competition News and Trend
6.4.1 Merger, Consolidation or Acquisition News
6.4.2 Investment or Disinvestment News
6.4.3 New Product Development and Launch
Chapter 7 Household Sewing Machines Major Manufacturers Introduction and Market Data
7.1 Brother
7.1.1 Company profile
7.1.2 Representative Household Sewing Machines Product
7.1.3 Household Sewing Machines Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Brother
7.2 Singer
7.2.1 Company profile
7.2.2 Representative Household Sewing Machines Product
7.2.3 Household Sewing Machines Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Singer
7.3 Janome
7.3.1 Company profile
7.3.2 Representative Household Sewing Machines Product
7.3.3 Household Sewing Machines Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Janome
7.4 Necchi Macchina
7.4.1 Company profile
7.4.2 Representative Household Sewing Machines Product
7.4.3 Household Sewing Machines Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Necchi Macchina
7.5 Bernina International
7.5.1 Company profile
7.5.2 Representative Household Sewing Machines Product
7.5.3 Household Sewing Machines Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Bernina International
Continued…….
CONTACT US:
NORAH TRENT
Partner Relations & Marketing Manager
sales@wiseguyreports.com
http://www.wiseguyreports.com
Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US)
Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK)
Brooks Institute later this year will consolidate its two Santa Barbara campuses as the first stage of a process to move all of its visual arts education offerings to its Ventura campus by 2015.
The move will allow the institute to achieve its long-term goal of teaching all of its film, photography, visual journalism and graphic design in the same location — an eight-acre former motion picture studio at 5301 N. Ventura Ave.
All Brooks Institute staff, faculty and students in Santa Barbara are scheduled to move from the Mason Street campus to the Cota Street campus over winter break in December and January 2014.
A subsequent move to Ventura is expected before 2015.
“The industry has changed dramatically in the last few years, with graduates needing multimedia skills,” Brooks Institute President Susan Kirkman said in a statement. “By providing cross-platform opportunities in one location, we can enhance our offerings to students. Maintaining Brooks Institute's reputation for high-quality, industry-relevant education was paramount in making this decision.”
Current Santa Barbara students will work with academic advising departments to ensure a smooth transition and path toward graduation.
Brooks plans to make improvements to its Cota Street campus during the transition, adding a studio and library space, and an equipment cage to serve professional photography students who choose to complete their programs there.
Several capital improvements are also planned at the existing Ventura campus, which will allow students from every program to use the multiple sound stages, the screening room, the movie back lot set and the editing and post-production studios.
Improvements will include ample classroom space, a large equipment cage for students to borrow all sorts of industry-current cameras, lights and other professional gear, and a consolidated library that will provide students with more services and a broader collection of media materials.
A closer proximity to Los Angeles is touted as another benefit for students attending lecture series and other industry events.
— Noozhawk staff writer Gina Potthoff can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
US president Donald Trump has said a partisan memo released by House Republicans “totally vindicates” them in the investigation into Russian election interference, complaining the “witch hunt” would go “on and on” even though there had been no collusion or obstruction of justice.
Mr Trump, in Florida for the weekend, took to Twitter to proclaim their innocence and denounce the investigation a day after they had authorised the release of the highly contentious classified memo.
The document claimed top law enforcement officials had abused their powers to spy on a Trump campaign adviser, Carter Page, who was suspected of being an agent of Russia.
This memo totally vindicates “Trump” in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 3, 2018
“This memo totally vindicates ‘Trump' in probe,” the president wrote in a Twitter post. “But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!”
The memo, while trying to paint the origins of the Russia investigation as tainted, did nothing to clear Mr Trump of either collusion or obstruction – the lines of inquiry being pursued by the special counsel, Robert Mueller.
The memo in fact undermined Republicans' effort to cast doubt on the roots of the investigation by confirming the inquiry was already under way when law enforcement officials obtained a warrant from a secret intelligence court to conduct surveillance on Mr Page.
Democrat dismissal
The Republican document, which Democrats dismissed as containing cherry-picked information and focusing on an obscure figure in the Trump campaign, confirms a primary factor in the opening of the investigation in July 2016 was initial contacts between a former Trump foreign policy adviser, George Papadopoulos, and Russian intermediaries.
Mr Trump has become increasingly open about their dissatisfaction with top law enforcement officials, as Mr Mueller continues to interview former and current White House staff members.
On Friday, after declassifying the memo, the president hinted that senior leaders in the Justice Department and the FBI should face consequences for conduct they called “a disgrace”.
Teachers held a silent protest over the unequal pay structure for new and younger teachers as the Minister for Education addressed the second day of the Irish National Teachers Organisation (INTO).
In their first speech to any teacher conference as Minister, and the first Fine Gael minister for education in almost three decades, Richard Bruton faced a sea of placards calling for equal pay for equal work.
They said that they recognised the teachers' campaign and their concerns, adding that the Department of Education has moved to close the pay gap and provide new teachers with contracts of indefinite promotion as well as better access to promotion and flexibility around working hours.
Speaking on the issue of the school choice, the Minister said that the denominational system of Ireland, where approximately 96 per cent of primary schools are controlled by Catholic or Protestant churches, “is not the one we would choose if starting out afresh”.
“ There is demand for greater diversity and choice and we have a number of initiatives under way, including the transfer of schools and improving how parents can gain access to local schools [if their children are not baptised].”
They said that there was a need for more diversity in the teaching profession which has become dominated by white, middle-class women, adding that a new fund of €2.5 million would encourage teachers from less privileged backgrounds to enter the profession.
Burden
Mr Bruton acknowledged that parents face a burden in the cost of sending their children to school and said that their department had issued a directive obliging them to reduce the cost of uniforms and introduce book rental schemes.
However, June Tinsley of children's charity Barnardos said that while that their circular was a small positive step, “it is completely insufficient and lacks any vision or recognition by the State that schools are totally underfunded... it would cost just €103.2 million to guarantee a free primary education for all children in Ireland.”
Mr Bruton also highlighted a plan to change how resource teachers are allocated to schools, dispensing with the need for diagnostic assessments and encouraging a whole-school approach. However, this led to dissent from the crowd, with teachers claiming that better school funding is the best way to support children with special needs.
They said that there was an urgent need to reform how Irish is taught in schools and that their department had set up a special Gaeltacht unit.
Mr Bruton outlined their ambition for Ireland to have “the best education and training service in Europe” within a decade. “We need to develop the competences of discerning citizens and creative workers, recognising that there are huge pressures on young people through social media; we have to be able to help them sift through evidence and make judgements,” they said.
Significant progress
They said that Ireland has already made significant process in improving numeracy and literacy, and that Ireland is ahead of our European neighbours in supporting children who arrive in school without competency in the English language.
“We need to nurture innovation within schools and among schools, but I believe the best ideas won't be designed in [the department of education on] Marlborough Street but will come from teachers working on the ground with children who can recognise the issues in their local schools and share their experiences.”
However, they were criticised by INTO general secretary Sheila Nunan for asking teachers and principals to implement changes without the adequate resources. They called for the restoration of pay to teachers and said that primary teachers are being actively recruited by international schools who can offer better pay and conditions. “Pay the teachers or they will leave,” they said.
Korean fried chicken at The Hound (Provided by The Hound)
We may be a little late to the game, but we were surprised to learn that the Irish Hound — the site of a few, uh, intoxicating nights over the years — has been transformed into a family-friendly neighborhood restaurant called simply The Hound.
The new space is unrecognizable, assuming, that is, that you were sober enough the last time you were in to note the décor. Besides a much classier atmosphere, new floor-to-ceiling glass doors were added, which, now that the weather is warmer, will probably be open a whole lot more.
The biggest change, though, is probably the food. Billed as elevated American fare, this is a nice neighborhood restaurant with a diverse menu ranging from burgers and fries to scallops and risotto. (One note, the entrees are priced a couple dollars too high, but since this is technically Cherry Creek North, it fits into the area's price point.)
The Korean fried chicken, served with a sweet-chile peanut sauce and kimchi, was juicy on the inside and light and crispy on the outside. The secret to the crackly, thin crust is vodka mixed into the batter. Vodka helps to crisp-ify the chicken's coating by inhibiting the production of gluten (which can make the batter doughy) and because it evaporates more quickly than water, drying out the batter and allowing it to get that brittle crunch.
The Hound didn't change owners during its metamorphosis (the Little Pub Company, which also runs the British Bulldog, Icehouse Tavern and many others around town, has owned it for 15 years), so you know the drinks are still on point. Happy hour runs 2 p.m.-6 p.m. daily and offers drinks at the happiness-inducing price of $5 for Moscow Mules or an Old Fashioned, and $2-$4 beers (depending on your level of sophistication).
Just don't throw back too many — the Irish-less Hound isn't that kind of place anymore.
The Hound: 575 St. Paul St., Denver, 303-996-0709, thehounddenver.com, Mon.-Thu. 4-10 p.m., Fri. 4-11 p.m., Sat. 10 a.m.-11 p.m., Sun. 10 a.m.-9 p.m.
As more Christmas trees and lights go up for the holiday season, it's important to know safety tips to keep from having a smoky Christmas. There's nothing like getting in the holiday spirit by garnishing your home with festive decorations.
But in order to keep your Christmas looking bright, the Columbia County Fire Department Headquarters has a few tips to keep you safe this holiday season. When it comes to warmth, keep any flammable objects away from space heaters and fireplaces. “Also when they're using fires in their fireplace to keep warm, also. Any other methods that they use for warmth in the home, to use extreme caution. And keep combustibles away from the fire and away from the space heater. And also, we recommend for people to avoid putting wrapping paper in a fire to burn it because of flying embers," says Captain David Butler.
It is important to maintain a working smoke detector year-round, but especially during a time when you'll be doing heavy cooking and using several outlets. “During this time of year and the cold weather, there are an increase number of fires that we see due to the space heaters and combustibles too close to space heaters and excessive number of lights and power cords for power strips," says Captain Butler.
Artificial trees and live trees are highly prone to hazards and it's important to keep water at the base of live trees to keep them from drying out. At the end of the holidays, if you'd like to donate or dispose of your tree, it's essential that you do so properly. “When the holiday season is over, there are several businesses around the area that do take live Christmas trees. And we may also take them. They can always call the local fire department and ask for recommendations we'll be happy to point them in the right direction," says Captain Butler.
Key points to remember:
Don't overcrowd outlets. Don't leave cooking food unattended. Keep flammables from space heaters and fire places.
If you'd like more information on fire safety…you can call your neighborhood fire station.
Copyright 2017 WFXG. All rights reserved.
Growing Resilience is a two year Big Lottery funded programme from the Federation of City Farms and Community Gardens, which aims to increase social capital and resilience in the community growing sector in Northern Ireland.
Susan explains: “The aim is to bring various community gardens together into hubs. We are supporting them to share skills with each other.
“So rather than bring in people to teach these skills we have gone to the groups to see what skills level there are and to see what can be shared among the groups.
“It has been important for us to develop the confidence among these groups and the people who are members. And so by sharing skills among the groups each individual group grows stronger.”
The project isn't “something that was plucked out of thin air”, says Susan, and is very much led by the groups and facilitated to meet the demands of the groups involved.
And a pilot project which was run out last year proved very successful.
Susan remarks: “We had actually run a pilot project last year to see how it would work and to help us iron out any creases in the project.
“We have called the pilot the Bann Cluster as they are all located around the River Bann included Incredible Edible, Cloughmills, Duneane Allotment Garden, Toome, Garvagh Forest School, Garvagh, and Carntogher Community Allotments/Friends of Drumnaph Community Nature Reserve, near Maghera.
“And through that pilot were able to evidence that the project could work here in Northern Ireland. Running the pilot allowed us to iron out any creases in the project before running it out across Northern Ireland.”
Growing Resilience began in April 2017 for the next two years and will finish at the end of March 2019. It and includes groups in the Ballymena area, in north Antrim, Fermanagh, around the Castlecaulfield and Clogher areas of Co Tyrone, and then also around Strabane.
Susan says: “The programme works to support volunteers in nearby community gardens to deliver skill-sharing sessions to each other, increasing skills, confidence and connections.
“The stronger the interactions between people are, the greater the sense of community spirit, neighbourliness and civil participation.”
lwww.farmgarden.org.uk/growing-resilience-northern-ireland.
Taranaki hooker Ricky Riccitelli rates last night's incredible Ranfurly Shield win over Canterbury as one of the best of their career.
Down 31-7 after 27 minutes, the Shield was already being stored away in the Canterbury trophy room for the summer but somehow, 53 minutes later, Taranaki were holding the Shield aloft for their sixth tenure.
"I knew we were down, I didn't realise the margin was that big actually," said 22-year old Riccitelli, who has played 21 games for the Hurricanes. "It's quite easy for a team to go down by about 60 points when things aren't going their way, but it shows the brotherhood and the bond we've got with these boys and it's a special win for us.
"We've got to defend in next week now against a good Manawatu side at home. But we will celebrate this win accordingly."
Advertisement
What a game! What a comeback! Get down to Devon st to see the boys from 10.45am. @Mitre10Cup #Winning @Taranaki_NZ pic.twitter.com/qB4BpGkzZy — Taranaki Rugby (@TaranakiRugby) October 6, 2017
Taranaki scored 48 points in the last 47 minutes. The teams combined to run in 13 tries, and some of them were of the highest class.
Singalongs, dancing and chanting could all be heard from Taranaki's changing room in the aftermath of the come-from-behind win.
The turnaround means Taranaki are now favoured to take home advantage into the playoffs, and they have the small matter of a Shield defence against Manawatu on Wednesday.
"In 20 minutes we made 10 mistakes and they scored three tries off those mistakes," said coach Colin Cooper. "We just had to get the ball and build and trust the game plan, and we did that.
"It was a hard watch to start with but we toughed it out, and that's where the leadership of the group came through. It was all really positive and I didn't need to say much because the leaders were saying it all."
By Amanda Wicks
John Legend and Chrissy Teigen know how to celebrate Valentine's Day, and to help spread the love they feel for one another they shot a sweet–and at times steamy–video together.
Related: GRAMMY Photo Recap: Behind the Scenes with Music's Biggest Artists
British fashion photographer Rankin shot the two for a love-centric video that shows Teigen lip-syncing to Legend's 2004 single “Ordinary People” during a photo shoot for The Love Magazine. The lyrics reflect their relationship, which has passed the infatuation stage and gotten down to something far deeper.
Dressed in lots of pinks and reds, and wearing heart-shaped glasses, Teigen embodies the spirit of Valentine's Day, but it's their cute interactions with their husband that will have fans going “Aww.” The video is the quintessential Valentine's Day moment for a pair of lovebirds still “right in the thick of love.”
Who doesn't love Nutella-equally loved by adults and kids. So here is a Nutella bread recipe that you will love.
BREAD DIVINE
Prep time: 15 mins
Baking time: 30-35 mins Serves: 4
Ingredients
1 cup + 2 tbsp plain flour
1 tsp baking powder
½ tsp baking soda
2 ½ tbsp cocoa powder
Pinch of salt
75 gm butter
½ cup brown sugar
¾ cup Nutella
¼ cup milk
1 tsp vanilla essence
1 tbsp apple cider vinegar
½ cup pecan nuts
READ ALSO: Gooey Nutella-filled breakfast to sweeten your mornings
Method
Sift flour, baking powder, baking soda, cocoa powder and salt together.
Mix butter, sugar and Nutella together using a hand blender; add milk and flour gradually to combine.
Add vanilla essence and apple cider vinegar; blend till it turns light.
Preheat oven at 170°C.
Mix nuts into the batter and pour into a silicon loaf tin. Bake for 30-35 minutes. Serve hot or cold.
Beijing and other cities across northern and central China were shrouded in thick smog Tuesday, prompting authorities to delay dozens of flights and close highways.
Women wearing protection masks walk on a street in Beijing as the capital of China is shrouded by heavy smog. Source: Associated Press
The Beijing Municipal Environmental Protection Bureau extended an "orange alert" for heavy air pollution for three more days. Beijing's smog had initially been forecast to lift by Tuesday.
The "orange alert" is the third level, preceding a "red alert," in China's four-tiered warning system. On Monday, 25 cities in China issued "red alerts" for smog, which triggers orders to close factories, schools and construction sites.
Air pollution readings in northern Chinese cities were many times above the World Health Organization-designated safe level of 25 micrograms per cubic meter of PM 2.5, the tiny, toxic particles that damage lung tissue. The readings exceeded 400 by Tuesday afternoon in several cities in the northern province of Hebei.
Expressways in Shijiazhuang, Hebei's capital, and more than a half-dozen other cities there were temporarily closed, according to notices posted on the official microblog of the province's traffic police.
In the central city of Zhengzhou, authorities ordered students from kindergarten through high school to stay home today because of the smog.
More than 300 flights out of the northern city of Tianjin were canceled on Monday due to poor visibility.
Authorities have deployed teams of inspectors to check on polluting factories, reports said.
China has long faced some of the worst air pollution in the world, blamed on its reliance of coal for energy and factory production, as well as a surplus of older, less efficient cars on its roads.
The dollar recovered from a two-week low against a basket of six major currencies on Monday, though trade was thin with many markets closed for the new year holiday.
The currency had soared to 14-year highs in December, boosted by market expectations that the US Federal Reserve will hike rates as many as three times this year, and that president-elect Donald Trump will stoke growth and inflation with a programme of fiscal expansion.
The dollar finished the year with an almost 4 per cent annual rise, the fourth consecutive year of gains.
But the index that measures the currency against six major rivals lost more than 1 per cent during the last three days of last week, its weakness exacerbated on Friday during a flash surge for the euro in low volumes of trading in Asia.
‘Flash crash'
The euro jumped two full cents to as high as $1.07, before quickly retreating, prompting analysts to draw parallels with a “flash crash” in October that briefly knocked almost 10 per cent off the value of Britain's pound.
On Monday, the euro fell 0.4 per cent to $1.0513 despite strong manufacturing data for the currency bloc, while the dollar index climbed half a per cent to 102.68, close to the 14-year peak of 103.65 it touched on December 30th.
“In the last days of 2016 we saw the dollar retreat somewhat, and there might be some sense of a correction from Europe this morning. I don't see any fundamental drivers for the moves,” said Commerzbank currency strategist Esther Reichelt in Frankfurt.
Data released on Friday showed speculators once again taking a bullish stance on the dollar, increasing their bets in the week up to last Tuesday after cutting their long positions for the first time since October in the previous week.– (Reuters)
A KIDNAP victim of the Abu Sayyaf Group (ASG) has escaped their captors and was picked up by military troops in the province of Basilan, an official said.
Edmundo Ramos alias “Moymoy sought refuge at the home in Tapiantana of an unidentified civilian who informed the military in the area, according to Brig. Gen. Cirilito Sobejana, Joint Task Force (JTF) Sulu commander, in a report.
Sobejana said Ramos, the fourth kidnap victim who escaped the Abu Sayyaf, said soldiers picked them up at about 1 a.m. on Monday.
Three other kidnap victims with Ramos escaped from the ASG last week, with Ramos being left with the terrorist group. DEMPSEY REYES
The Peshmerga detachments, formed by the Iranian Kurds from among the members of the Kurdistan Freedom Party, are actively fighting Daesh in the region's rural areas controlled by the Kurdish Regional Administration of Iraq, in the city of Kirkuk.
Representatives of the female division of the Kurdish Peshmerga in the northwestern districts of Kirkuk spoke to Sputnik in an interview. Most of them are young women who have been in the ranks of the Peshmerga forces for several years now and are battling on the front lines along with men.
According to a 20-year-old Hebas Galat, they came to Kirkuk to fight Daesh from Iranian Kurdistan.
“I am from Iranian Kurdistan. I want to avenge the Kurds who were killed in the fight against this evil. I've been fighting in the Peshmerga ranks for two years. I fought against Daesh in the course of operations in Mosul, Leveran, Bashik and in many other places,” Galat said.
They further said that female fighters from the Peshmerga squads are fighting at the front line, but they are not afraid, on the contrary, Daesh terrorists are afraid of them.
Another female Peshmerga fighter, Kazlava Resho said, “I came here from the city of Sina, located in Iranian Kurdistan. I'm fighting on the front line to protect Kurdish women. As long as Daesh exists, no one can be safe, because this is an international terrorist organization.”
They further said that currently there are clashes with Daesh in the countryside in the Kirkuk area.
Before that they participated in the operations in Sinjar and Mosul, where they along with other women fought to liberate the areas from Daesh terrorists.
Another Peshmerga fighter representative, Weran Hesiniya, said that they joined the ranks in order to avenge the women of Sinjar who suffered greatly at the hands of the terrorists.
“Three years ago, Daesh carried out a terrible massacre in Sinjar. It committed terrible crimes against our sisters. I'm fighting against Daesh to avenge the women and children of Sinjar. During this time we managed to achieve great success in the fight against them.
They further said that during the clashes, Daesh suffered significant losses as they managed to destroy a large number of militants.
“But we do not intend to stop the fight. Women's Peshmerga troops will continue to fight and defend the Kurdish territories until Daesh is wiped off the face of the earth,” Hesiniya said.
Earlier this week, the Iraqi parliament gave a mandate to Prime Minister Haider Abadi to deploy troops in Kirkuk. The decision was made in response to the results of an independence referendum in Iraqi Kurdistan.
On Monday, September 25 Kurdistan held a referendum on the independence of the region. According to the official results of Kurdistan's Independent High Elections and Referendum Commission, an overwhelming majority, or 92.7 percent of voters backed independence. The independence referendum was vehemently opposed by Baghdad as well as a number of other countries, including Iran and Turkey, which also have sizeable Kurdish minorities.
© Sputnik/ HİKMET DURGUN
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – Middle East
Torey Knight of Kīhei has been appointed marketing representative for Xerox Maui.
In their new position, Knight will be responsible for providing new and existing clients in the Kīhei, Kahului and Upcountry districts with solutions and services to effectively manage their document workflow, allowing customers to focus on their core business.
Prior to joining Xerox Maui, Knight worked as a Direct Sales Representative for Oceanic Time Warner Cable where they were responsible for promoting the company's services to new and existing subscribers.
Xerox first opened its doors in Hawaiʻi in 1961 as a one-person office to serve Hawaiʻi's businesses. Since that time, it has grown into the State's largest document-product sales, service and support team with more than 200 employees, offering a variety of technologically advanced business equipment, from copiers, fax machines, and color copiers and printers to high-speed laser printers and fully networked digital document solutions.
Microblading one of the most popular procedures for shaping eyebrows. It is effective, easy and looks natural. It's a semi permanent tattoo that gives a perfect arch and fills your eyebrows so that you don't have to worry about putting eyebrow makeup on every morning. Great news is that besides getting this procedure you can also learn how to do it. Browz is a popular brow bar which offers excellent services for affordable price. Browz offers various makeup courses in Dubai, including microblading training. Now you can get a thorough knowledge of this procedure and maybe become an eyebrow therapist yourself.
First thing that needs to be mentioned is that Browz provides courses for beginners and advanced microblading artists. Their beginner course is 3 days long and includes one day of theory and two other days are for practical classroom attendance. But before a student start this 3 day training, they need to complete 50 hours of home pre-studying as a prerequisite. During the first day of training students learn everything about microblading: how it works, color theories, safety and health. On practical courses they will get a basic knowledge of different techniques that are used to get the best result and work on artificial skin until they become masters. As already mentioned this course is for beginners, so you don't need to have any prior knowledge or experience in this sphere. This microblading course in Dubai gives an efficient knowledge of microblading. Browz also offers advanced microblading training in Dubai for artists who have some experience and knowledge and want to refine their skills. During this course advanced stretching and shading techniques are taught, as well as an advanced level of creating different shapes of natural looking eyebrows. Advanced level students also learn about common mistakes in microblading and learn how to correct and avoid them. It is a two day course which equals approximately 16 hours of training plus one day of practice on live models.
Browz offers these courses, which also includes full microblading kit with all the needed tools and pigments, for reasonable prices. Students are given assignments and are required to send images of completed work. If the work doesn't meet Browz high standards students will be required to resubmit the case study. Students get certificates after successfully completing each task. If students continue working intensively, uploading photos that show their progress, they will be able to get insurance with ABT and start performing treatments on clients.
Browz is an experienced brow bar, which has a professional team of makeup artists who are also certified trainers. Browz has been providing exceptional services for decades, satisfying customers with the results. Now they offer semi permanent makeup training in Dubai and give people an opportunity to become eyebrow therapists in a short period of time. Browz training sets high standards and ensures that everyone gets thorough knowledge of different makeup techniques and becomes successful in this job. Main goal of this company is to establish lasting relationships and create relaxing and friendly environment for their customers.
Global feminine hygiene products market was valued at $28.7 billion in 2016 and is expected to reach $47.3 billion by 2024, having a CAGR of 6.3% during the forecast period of 2017 to 2024. The sanitary pads segment gained the highest revenue share in the Global feminine hygiene products market.
The feminine hygiene products are the products used by women to maintain their personal hygiene such as sanitary pads, tampons, panty liners and shields, internal cleansers & sprays and disposable razors & blades. Such products are manufactured from wide variety of synthetic as well as natural raw materials. Demand for products made from natural raw materials is increasing, owing to increasing health consciousness among the consumers. The market for menstrual/feminine hygiene products in developing countries is expanding rapidly, driven both by private demand and by public efforts to improve girl's educational awareness and women's health and dignity. In developing countries of APAC and MEA awareness is created through CSR activities conducted by the companies. Recent trend followed by manufacturers in developed countries is to maintain brand loyalty and continuous innovation. Whereas, in developing countries, it is to spread awareness about feminine hygiene especially in areas where cultural and regional misbeliefs dominate.
Report@www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/feminine-hygiene-market/request-sample
Market Determinants
The global feminine hygiene products market has witnessed healthy growth in the recent years due to the increase in awareness regarding feminine hygiene. An upsurge in urbanization and disposable income of the middle class has improved the standard of living, enabling the feminine populace to buy hygiene products such as sanitary pads, tampons, panty liners, etc. In addition to the above drivers, the rise in the number of working women and innovations in the feminine hygiene products are fuelling the market growth. According to the data revealed in 2015 by UN Statistics Division, 78% women in the developed countries and 64% women in the developing countries were employed in the education sector. In health & social work sector, the percentage of women employed in the developed countries was 72% whereas in developing countries it was 59%. However, health concerns raised due to the material used in the sanitary pads and environmental risks associated with its disposal act as the major barriers in the growth of the market. On the other hand, increasing demand for organic and bio-degradable feminine hygiene products in the developing countries are expected to create huge opportunities for the growth of market in the coming years.
Request Sample Copy of the
MARKET DETERMINANTS – IMPACT ANALYSIS
MARKET DETERMINANTS – IMPACT ANALYSIS
Segment Analysis
The global feminine hygiene products market is segmented on the basis of product type, distribution channel, and geography. By product type, the market is segmented into sanitary pads, tampons, internal cleaners & sprays, panty liners & shields, and disposable razors & blades. On the basis of distribution channel, the market is segmented as supermarkets & hypermarkets, specialty stores, convenience stores, dollar stores, and online & others. Geography wise, the market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World. Asia-Pacific is the largest global feminine hygiene products market in terms of revenue, by holding nearly half of the shares, throughout the forecast period. However, Latin America, Middle East, and Africa are expected to witness the fastest growth with a CAGR of 7.7% during the forecast period of 2017-2024.
ASIA-PACIFIC FEMININE HYGIENE PRODUCTS MARKET BY DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL, 2016-2024
ASIA-PACIFIC FEMININE HYGIENE PRODUCTS MARKET BY DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL
Some eminent market players are Procter & Gamble Co., Edgewell Personal Care Company., Unicharm Corporation, Kimberly-Clark Corporation, Lil-Lets Group Ltd, PayChest Inc., Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget., Kao Group, First Quality Enterprises, Inc., and Hengan International Group Co. Limited. In June, 2017 a leading FMCG company Procter & Gamble (P&G), expanded its footprints in Nigeria by commissioning a state of the art production line of “Always”, its brand of feminine hygiene products at the P&G manufacturing site in Agbara, Ogun State.
FEMININE HYGIENE PRODUCTS MARKET SEGMENTATION
By Product type
• Sanitary pads
• Tampons
• Internal cleaners & sprays
• Panty liners & shields
• Disposable razors & blades
By Distribution channel
• Supermarkets & hypermarkets
• Specialty stores
• Convenience stores
• Dollar stores
• Online & others
By Geography
• North America
• Europe
• Asia-Pacific
• Rest of the World
KEY MARKET PLAYERS
• Procter & Gamble Co.
• Edgewell Personal Care Company.
• Unicharm Corporation
• Kimberly-Clark Corporation
• Lil-Lets Group Ltd
• PayChest Inc.
• Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget
• Kao Group
• First Quality Enterprises, Inc.
• Hengan International Group Co. Limited
Request for Customized Report @www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/feminine-hygiene-market/request-customise-form
About Esticast Research & Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Esticast Research & Consulting
410 State Route 57 East,#206, Washington, NJ 07882
Tel: 1-908-379-7709
Fax: 1-908-379-7709
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
Michael van Gerwen and reigning champion Gary Anderson will face off in the PDC World Darts Championship final.
World number one Van Gerwen saw off fellow Dutchman Raymond van Barneveld to reach the final after breaking Phil Taylor's 15 year old record by averaging 114.05 throughout the match.
Van Gerwen hit 15 180s throughout and punched their ticket to the final in style with a 124 to finish.
'We can't do it alone' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori.
Former President, Goodluck Jonathan has spoken of their party, PDP's preparedness for the 2019 presidential elections. They said Buhari and their APC party cannot beat PDP. The media aides of president Buhari went to visit them in London. General Overseer o...
While every new vehicle in the Jeep brand line-up today has its purpose and place in the broad spectrum of automotive usefulness, the Grand Cherokee holds a singularly distinct position on that roster. It's the reigning monarch. No, it's not the best hardcore off-roader in the bloodline; that seat is held quite rightfully by the mounted knight of the Jeep realm – the Wrangler JK. It's not the most economy minded, either. Depending upon your needs and tastes, that seat is filled by either the Compass or the Renegade with their fuel-sipping four-cylinder engines.
And although the Cherokee does command a princely station somewhere in between these vehicles, none combine power, off-road capability, on-road drivability, comfort, seating room, and style in the same regal amalgam as the Grand Cherokee. Add the Trailhawk performance package and the Jeep Grand Cherokee not only has the crown but the sword of a king as well.
The Jeep Grand Cherokee Trailhawk won our 2017 Four Wheeler SUV of the Year test handily. It did so for many reasons, but chief among them were its powerful and responsive engine and transmission combination, adjustable air suspension system, and firm chassis structure. As we put fingers to keyboard on this first long-term test report, the ‘17 Jeep Grand Cherokee Trailhawk has just more than 6,000 miles on it. We've learned more, reaffirmed much of what we already thought, and found some things to nitpick.
The sequential multiport fuel-injected 245ci 5.7-liter V-8 Hemi has a manufacturer's advertised power rating of 360 hp at 5,150 rpm and 390 lb-ft (529 Newton-meters) of torque at 4,250 rpm. The ZF 845RE eight-speed automatic transmission offers a 4.71 First gear (which helps make up for the highway fuel mileage-oriented 3.09 axle gears), and the MP3022 two-speed transfer case has a 2.72 low range. That gives the Grand Cherokee Trailhawk a 39.6:1 crawl ratio. While a great torque number like that with a high peak rpm might not seem as useful for off-roading as we would like, the transmission gearing behind that engine and the engine's response to pedal input makes up for the lack of a low-end torque peak in almost all situations.
For odd jobs around town such as home or garden supply runs, the Grand's electric rack-and-pinion system with a 3.2-turn steering wheel (lock-to-lock) and 16.7:1 ratio made the Jeep highly maneuverable and easy to park in slots that these days all seem designed for a Smart Car. The 60/40-split rear bench seat folded flat and the rear hatch opened extra high to offer an easy berth for bags of mulch, lumber for a new gate, and even five 33-inch tires for one of our projects.
Off-road, the Grand Cherokee Trailhawk shined as well. Whether traversing a bladed forest-service dirt road, sandy wash, or a trail pocked with grapefruit to basketball-sized stones, the Jeep performed flawlessly. An electronic rear limited-slip differential will come to life when the system senses a wheel on either side spinning freely; and although this does help in moments of need, we sure would appreciate an honest-to-goodness selectable locker in the rear axle.
The Selec-Terrain dial that engages the terrain modes (Auto, Mud, Rock, Sand, and Snow), which alter the powertrain and drivetrain performance as well as adjusting the Quadra-Lift systems ride-height to best negotiate the terrain selected, seemed a bit more like something you would find in a Tie Fighter than an off-road vehicle, but after a while we got used to it, and we've stopped reaching toward the floor for a lever.
You can also manually adjust the Quadra-Lift system by using the Up and Down buttons on the Selec-Terrain module. However, the Terrain Mode must be selected first and then the ride height manually selected. If you change to a different Terrain Mode, the system will automatically reset to the pre-selected ride height for the newly selected Terrain Mode. Hill Descent Control is also built into the Selec-Terrain module.
So in general, there was a lot to like and not much to dislike during our first few months in the ‘17 Jeep Grand Cherokee Trailhawk. It served us very well as a weekend getaway vehicle, allowing us to enjoy the backcountry of our surrounding mountains and deserts. It also worked well as a daily commuter and errand runner. We'll check in with you again a few months down the road, and dig deeper into other aspects of our long-term test Grand Cherokee Trailhawk.
The feature is currently only available for Sony Xperia XZ1 customers
Sky Mobile has announced that is has added Wifi calling to its service to its Sony Xperia XZ1 customers.
The development is only available for users of the Xperia XZ1 and will be added for no extra charge.
Wifi calling allows consumers to make and receive normal phone calls via a WiFi connection when the cellular signal isn't at its best.
Although only available for Xperia XZ1 customer now, Sky Mobile confirmed that the offer will be introduced for all Android and iPhone users who own devices with the capacity to take calls over WiFi in months to come.
The star is said to be getting ready to ask Donald Trump to pardon a woman in their 60s who is serving life in prison.
Kim Kardashian West has fuelled reports that they will visit The White House to ask President Donald Trump to pardon Alice Marie Johnson, a grandmother who is in prison for a first-time non-violent drug offence.
Vanity Fair magazine first reported that the reality TV star was due to speak to President Trump and their son-in-law and senior adviser Jared Kushner on Wednesday about prison reform and Johnson, who they have been backing for months.
Kardashian West is thought to have been involved in private discussions with Mr Kushner and their wife Ivanka Trump for several months.
It is believed that the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star will be joined by their lawyer and that the meeting will take place in the Oval Office.
Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson. Today is for you 🙏🏼✨ — Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) May 30, 2018
Following the reports, Kardashian West tweeted: “Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson. Today is for you.”
The reality TV star included an emoji symbolising praying hands, and a star, in their post.
Johnson is currently serving a life sentence in prison without parole after being convicted of drug-related charges in 1997.
An online petition to grant clemency to Johnson, started by their daughter, currently has more than 250,000 signatures.
The Press Association has contacted The White House and Kardashian West's publicist and is awaiting comment.
© Press Association 2018
The Santa Barbara City Council's decision to disown a portion of the Ealand Place cul-de-sac has resulted in a $637,000 court settlement for the property owners who sued.
The Finance Committee will discuss funding options for that money at Tuesday's meeting, since this kind of settlement isn't covered by the city's insurance programs.
Council members elected to disown the road because of maintenance costs. Only one house is left in that area off Conejo Road in Sycamore Canyon after all other owners were driven away by the 2008 Tea Fire, landslides or both.
After the Tea Fire destroyed Paula and Ruben Barajas' house, the couple sued the City of Santa Barbara for the right to rebuild. The Barajases won the suit, which was a separate court case from the Ealand Place lawsuit, and they subsequently bought the parcel across the street from their home.
The city agreed to maintain utilities running to the house, but not the access road itself. Assistant Public Works director Pat Kelly has said that the city already had made a great deal of effort to replace and fix the area's water lines, which must be above-ground because of the geologically unstable ground.
The court ruled that the city's abandonment of the road had an impact on the private property rights of two property owners, according to the city.
The $636,546.22 settlement money may be taken out of the Streets Fund, which would require some deferred maintenance for the next year, the general fund reserves, available one-time funds or the city's $6 million self-insurance fund.
The Finance Committee meets at 12:30 p.m. Tuesday at the David Gebhard Public Meeting Room, 630 Garden St.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — The United States awarded a contractor more than $23 million to support the Advanced Ocean Technology Program, the Defense Department said in a press release.
“GPA Technologies [of] Ventura, California is being awarded a $23,668,395… contract for engineering and technical support solutions for the Advanced Ocean Technology Program within the Naval Facilities Engineering and Expeditionary Warfare Center,” the release said on Monday.
The work to be performed provides for research and development of ocean engineering and naval architecture solutions in support of design, installation, operation and maintenance of both fixed ocean systems and towed systems, the Defense Department said.
Work on the contract is scheduled to last five and a half years and to be completed by February 2023, the release added.
CC0
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – United States
An unassuming warehouse in Cloverdale, a stately home in Fort Langley and a chic Vancouver condo are just some of the settings where Metro Vancouverites are cashing in on the lucrative and booming social media industry.
It's common knowledge that YouTube clips can mean hard cash for videos with millions of views, but now social media platforms like Instagram, Twitter and Facebook can translate into full-time careers and even burgeoning media empires for those with big followings now commonly referred to as “influencers” in the marketing field. CTV News spoke with several local influencers, all of whom started their accounts for fun and out of a passion for their given field, whether it's technology or beauty or home decor.
The reach and impact of these influencers shouldn't be underestimated.
“Our catch phrase is ‘influencers are the new celebrity,'” says Jessica Thomas Cooke.
They co-founded the INF Influencer Agency with Hillary Chan-Kent in 2014, and says it's the first company in Canada to represent and manage online influencers alone.
“They have major followings online, to the point they're able to sway people's opinion and even spending habits,” explained Thomas Cooke.
A blogger on Instagram or Facebook or vlogger on YouTube will start with an organic following as people like what they're doing, sharing links with friends which then helps that account get featured on the profiles' homepages. As the following grows as a result, companies take notice and send free products that can range from a few tubes of lipstick to laptops and DSLR cameras for those bloggers to review and broadcast to their followers.
For a lucky handful, their success expands their reach and influence to the point they can demand and achieve hundreds and even thousands of dollars from companies in exchange for a single photo or mention. It can grow from there.
“When a brand wants to start using your image as advertising in a magazine or pre-roll in a YouTube video or even a billboard, that's when you have to start thinking about protecting yourself and being compensated for your time,” says Thomas Cooke.
There's no shortage of local examples of people who've made the leap into charging for their content, leveraging their profiles into full-time careers for themselves — some even growing to the point they've hired staff to help manage their burgeoning companies.
Samantha Ravnhdahl, beauty blogger
casual bodysuit: @aritzia jeans: @citizensofhumanity belt: @gucci shoes: carpet obtained from your grandmothers basement fashioned into a shoe A post shared by SAMANTHA R A V N D A H L (@ssssamanthaa) on Apr 3, 2017 at 2:19pm PDT
“This following has far surpassed anything I could've imagined,” Ravndahl told CTV News.
They have now traveled the world for modelling gigs and was chosen by MAC Cosmetics to be the Canadian face of its Influencer-Driven Collection, crafting their own custom lipstick now on sale across the country.
"I don't think I would've started doing this if it wasn't for the fact that I ended up getting fired from my last job at this little boutique makeup store,” they said.
“I was at about 2,000 [Instagram] followers and I was saying to my parents ‘I feel like people are making money off this. I don't know how, but I want to try and figure it out,' and that's what I did. I took a month and by the end of that month I was at 10,000 followers and by the end of that year I was at a million.”
Ravndahl didn't just get that following from being stunningly beautiful with a chameleon-like ability to constantly transforming their look with eyeshadows, pencils and lip colours. The Vancouverite's useful makeup tips, willingness to appear vulnerable about their skin issues, plus their self-deprecating humour set them apart from many beauty bloggers. But competition is fierce, and Ravndahl considers themselves lucky that they launched their profile at a time few beauty bloggers were doing so, allowing them to establish themselves with advertisers and followers.
Linus Sebastian, YouTube tech star
Linus Sebastian knows exactly how competition can drive an already ambitious team to produce more material with constantly-improving production value. Their YouTube channel, Linus Tech Tips, is one of the most-watched Science and Technology channels on the site, with each bombastic and informative video netting hundreds of thousands of views — often reaching a million plus. The energetic host now films their daily technology reviews and podcast from a 6,000 square foot warehouse-studio in Cloverdale, complete with copious professional lighting and pricey Red digital cinema cameras providing crystal-clear images. They say the top-end equipment and hours of writing, research and preparation are necessary to keep ahead of the competition.
“People think you can just go buy a $50 webcam and you're a vlogger? Cool!” they said.
“That's what's difficult about this business: absolutely everybody and their dog is constantly nipping at your heels, trying to show they can do it better than you or cheaper than you or faster than you -- and it's exhausting."
That being said, Sebastian clearly loves what they do, and it shows in their success.
“if you aren't passionate about it absolutely every day the audience is going to pick up on that right away and they're just not going to care anymore. They won't care if you stop caring,” they insisted.
Sebastian has nearly 4 million subscribers to their fun and quirky YouTube channel, but points out they don't get paid for that following. It's all about views for the videos they posts daily, a breakneck pace even for someone with a growing staff. But it's paid off in spades. Linus Tech Tips has amassed a total of more than one billion combined views for all its videos, though Sebastian is cagey about how much money that actually makes him.
"You do the math. We're still around. It's been four and a half years and we have 20 people on staff and we aren't losing money.”
In fact, Sebastian is expanding, with three staffers dedicated to sales and business development, plus two more focussed on creating an online video-streaming platform. He's expanding their warehouse-studio by 50 percent to make room for that and other projects.
Quite simply, the father of two is a local media mogul in the making, albeit one whose internet bill is already $3,000 a month and who now has to increasingly think about how to keep the lights on and the paycheques flowing to their dedicated staff.
Monika Hibbs, lifestyle guru
Easter weekend is one of our favourites! And blessing our Easter basket is one of our favourite Polish traditions. Still can't believe I'm taking my kids, seems like not long ago I was going as a little girl. Wesołych Świąt! A post shared by Monika Hibbs (@monikahibbs) on Apr 15, 2017 at 12:01pm PDT
Driving up to Monika Hibbs's stately home, complete with perfectly landscaped grounds after seeing the bright and airy photography that characterizes their fashion and decorative style on Instagram, it's easy to think of them as a local Martha Stewart figure. The bubbly blonde mother of two laughed at the comparison, but then grew serious.
"I never told myself I want to be the next Martha Stewart, but if I'm that for some people that's the most amazing compliment. I definitely want to be my own person and create content,” they said during an interview at their Fort Langley home.
That content takes much more time than it used to. Hibbs began to blog as an escape from the stresses of a career in medicine, and found themselves swept up in the world of lifestyle blogging as their following magnified with each passing month. They now run a website, Instagram account that's surpassed 140,000 followers, and is even doing commercials for American Express on Air Canada's in-flight entertainment system.
"Nordstrom, Joe Fresh, Sephora, paint companies, hardwood companies, beauty products —we've worked with hundreds of brands now,” says Hibbs.
They now has one full-time and two part-time employee crafting everything from photography to custom recipes to assessing proposals from companies vying to be associated with their lifestyle blog.
"There's so much coming that we can't really keep up,” admits the 32 year-old.
“We turn down 19 out of 20 brands that approach us because I wouldn't use their products. That being said, just because you see a brand on my Instagram doesn't mean we've been paid. I still like to support and promote local, independent companies just getting started and we never accept payment from them.”
Hibbs says once money is involved, it's a time-consuming and involved process to get the photo just right — meeting their standards and those of the companies seeking their endorsement. It can take hours of staging, lighting, and approvals between both sides before a photo hits their website. Other times, they post unsponsored images they enjoy of their children and home that reinforce their brand and identity, which make them all the more popular online.
The long road to success
Hoppy Easter A post shared by Alanna Durkovich (@xandervintage) on Apr 16, 2017 at 2:27pm PDT
When their son was six months old, Abbbotsford's Alanna Durkovich started their Instagram account to drum up sales for their online vintage clothing store, helping shoppers visualize what their threads could look like in a contemporary outfit.
“I would blog about the pieces in the store and eventually it evolved into a personal style blog,” they told CTV News.
The clothing store is now history, but Durkovich has amassed more than 160,000 Instagram followers and has started monetizing their online reach and influence just in the past few months. They rely on their talent agency to sort out fees and contracts and is currently the sole photographer for their posts.
"I just set up a tripod and I do it all myself,” they say.
Continuing to set themselves apart will be tough. More and more bloggers and vloggers are realizing big-name companies like L'Oréal and Old Navy are investing in influencers who may have a better connection with their target audience than a supermodel or A-list actor.
“This is someone you can run into at the store,” points out Thomas Cooke.
"The influencer is also constantly engaging with their fans, so if someone reaches out to them on a Saturday and says ‘hey, what colour eyeshadow are you wearing?' they have to be on. Because if the engagement falls, that's sort of when you lose that influence.”
It's the biggest downside every influencer noted when speaking to CTV News about their success.
“There's no real day off,” Sebastian agreed.
“And if you aren't actually passionate about it to the point you'd do it if nobody paid you -- don't bother.”
“Social media is 24/7 so it can very easily become all-consuming if you're not willing to recognize that you need to strike a balance,” adds Ravndahl.
“I really truly feel it's not natural to have your life under a microscope in this way.”
“It's full-time, around the clock,” Hibbs admits, pointing out that their online persona doesn't always represent reality.
“People always ask, ‘How real is this? Is this fake? Do you really live in this beautiful home with white everything?' Look, I'm a mom, I have two young children. Is there always time for perfection? No, of course not, But if I'm going to present something and a brand is paying for it or if I'm producing it, I'm always going to put my best foot forward.”
That being said, the key to online social media celebrity and the financial rewards that come with it seem to be based on the creator's willingness to work hard, take advantage of the opportunities that come to them, and above all be genuine.
"You can succeed just by being yourself,” says Ravndahl, “because everybody's looking for someone to relate to and they're always looking for somebody new. They're always looking for somebody to be inspired by.”
The shortage of teachers has been making headlines recently with claims that many schools cannot find qualified teachers for their pupils.
Teachers' unions say younger graduates are opting to make a living abroad due to issues such as two-tier pay and difficulties securing full-time posts.
In a bid to ease the shortages, education authorities are exploring ways of trying to tempt teacher back home.
But what it would take to bring them back? How have they fared abroad? And what kind of changes would they like to see in the Irish system?
With the help of the Irish Times Abroad desk, we asked teachers either currently working overseas or recently returned what things they would change about the school system here based on their experiences.
We received a large number of responses, with many wishing for performance-related pay culture, greater opportunities for career progression, a stronger financial support for classroom resources and a greater use of differentiation.
Some also wanted to see end of year credits weighed more towards continuous assessment rather than the “all or nothing exam system” here. Here is a selection.
‘Later school starting age'
Mary Rose Pluck, early childhood teacher, Australia
In some countries, the official school starting age is closer to six or seven than four or five. Mary Rose Pluck has lived and worked across Australia since 2010 and works as an early childhood teacher in Melbourne, where children start school at age six.
“The one aspect that holds that fundamental importance here is the school starting age,” they said. “Children are given a whole other year to play, develop emotional understanding, social interactions and cognitive processes. It's another year to lengthen concentration, communication and determination all with the help of two or more teachers, not one. This one difference sets up children to succeed and be truly ready to learn in the school system.”
‘Specialist primary teachers for key subjects'
Aine McDermott, primary teacher, California
McDermott, who graduated from teacher training in 2013, currently works at a school in California teaching through the Primary Years Programme, part of International Baccalaureate. The school has a number of specialist teachers in such subjects as PE, art, music, design, computer science and some languages.
“I know without out a shadow of a doubt the experiences my students have as a result of these specialists far outweigh anything which I could provide as a teacher. I would love to see Ireland researching into the development of primary specialists ensuring our students get the best possible education.”
“One could even argue the need for specialist teachers for Gaeilge in the classroom considering the huge differences in the proficiency of teachers in this area,” they add.
McDermott acknowledges that their school is a fee-paying one, which means it has the resources to employ and train specialist teachers at primary level, but they have also taught in a public school in Aberdeen, Scotland, which shared a number of specialist teachers with a number of schools in the local area.
‘Employment contracts from the start'
Paula Speller, maths teacher, UK
Speller left Ireland straight after completing their degree in 2010. They now works as the head of mathematics at a non-selective secondary school in Kent, England.
“In England you are offered permanency straight away, which helps with job security, mortgages and living your life,” they say. “In Ireland I would still be living with my parents, trying to make ends meet and forever trying to please the right people in the wrong way to get permanency.”
‘Collaborate with other schools'
Niall Tobin, primary teacher, UK.
Dubliner Niall Tobin teaches at a primary school in Sheffield, England, that is part of a trust of three schools, including one based in a disadvantaged area and another where a large section of the population speaks English as a second rather than a first language.
The staff at all three schools meet up three or four times a year to moderate each others progress in literacy, maths and reading.
This involves all teachers bringing books which they feel are appropriate for the skill levels of the children they are teaching. They explain why they think they are appropriate, but also challenge them if they need to. “It's easy to be too hard or too soft in your expectations if you set the bar alone,” said Tobin.
“We all look through the books and record our judgments and sometimes set the next steps. We also compare the effectiveness of the tasks we set and the material they work on. It can feel like a bit of a chore but it's business-like and really productive.”
Tobin adds that this process also helps towards a better understanding of the kind of assessment that suits individual schools.
‘More engaging ways of teaching languages'
Jason Phelan, English language teacher, China
Kilkenny native Jason Phelan teaches English as a foreign language to students in a private kindergarten in Suzhou, China. They say the approach to learning the local variety of Chinese, called Suzhounese, gives them food for thought in terms of our approach to learning Irish.
“Suzhou is a satellite city of the Shanghai metropolis and has become a hub for wealthy Chinese who hail from other provinces.
“Many of these newcomers do not speak Suzhounese but their children learn it as a second language through subject-led lessons and cultural activities. Students are encouraged to engage with Suzhounese positively from a young age.
“The subject-led approach ensures that the language is the vehicle for communication which, in my view, should be the core the learning objective in any language classroom. Incorporating traditional games and songs into the curriculum encourages students to use the language outside the classroom.
“Fostering respect for a language that lacks prestige is challenging. Attitudes and mindsets account for a lot when it comes to how effectively a language is taught. For all its flaws, the Chinese approach to learning local languages can offer us some insight as to how we can ensure that students engage actively with Irish as they grow up.”
More generally, Yvonne Casey, who has been teaching English at a bilingual school in Spain for 20 years, believes a language teacher should only speak in the language they are teaching, and that we need to introduce language learning at an earlier age.
‘More emphasis on vocational education'
Dolores Kubera, teacher, Germany
At the other end of the scale, Monaghan native Dolores Kubera's years of experience of teaching in Germany, and where their own children have been educated, has given them an appreciation of vocational secondary schools, in which pupils work a few days a week and attend school the other days.
“The sole aim of the school system is not entrance to a university and many pupils, who have secured the points, decide to take another route into working life. My one piece of advice would be that the Irish schools system accommodate the less academic pupil and offer a vocational alternative to the traditional model.”
The safety valve (limiting valve F) described here by SKVTechnik (http://www.skvtechnik.com) can be used both as a pressure limiting valve and for operation as a vacuum limiting valve. It is delivered not parameterized in the factory and must therefore be set by the customer before use.
Why is it important to use a limit valve?
Side channel blowers are valuable devices that usually run in continuous operation and unattended. If the suction or pressure channel is closed, then the side channel blower motors continue to work and build up enormous pressure. The force can not be carried away with the air and the rotor presses more and more against the compression. The rotor blades twist. If necessary, the device heats up so much during this process that the winding insulation of the motor melts and a short circuit occurs. The machine suffers a total loss with a damage amount exceeding the replacement cost.
How does a limit valve work?
If they are correctly adjusted, the SKV limit valves act as a safeguard against excessive pressure. If the predefined pressure builds up in the machine and is exceeded, then limit valves open the airflow and the machine can release excess pressure from the system. The machine can continue to work and will not break. It is important that the operating point of the limit valve is correctly set to the respective machine.
How to adjust the limit valves of the SKVTechnik?
The limiting valve of the SKVTechnik is individually applicable to the different side channel compressors in the range from 0,2KW to 25 kW. For this purpose, the valve is supplied with two springs of different strengths. Each spring is designed for a specific pressure-vacuum power range. Valves VRL8 and VRL9 have the possibility to use both springs in parallel. Customers convince themselves with the supplied selection diagram that the valve is the right size and depending on the operating point select one of the two springs or both springs from the overview table (see also here: http://seitenkanalverdichter-technik.de/produkt/begrenzungsventile/) ,
* Remove the two plastic caps
* Attach the valve to the pressure bypass and connect a pressure gauge.
* Loosen the screw 923 (description enclosed) and reduce the spring pressure on the upper adjusting screw with the adjusting key supplied.
* Turn on the fan and create the maximum pressure.
* Adjust the upper adjusting screw until the maximum permissible pressure is reached (observe manufacturer's instructions).
* Fix the screw 923.
* Opening the pressure channel.
* Carefully check the settings.
If customers have further questions for the use of side channel blowers, then they simply turn to the experts of SKVTechnik. A team of employees takes care of the solutions for customers and their plants. SKVTechnik calculates and offers designs for side channel blowers. Consultations on site are possible. Delivery times of 1 – 2 weeks or units on trial are normal delivery times.
Another major field of activity of SKVTechnik is the sale of side channel compressors as well as the sale of fans. Since 2015 SKVTechnik has been trading with fans from different manufacturers. Fans are highly individually equipped machines, which are usually adapted to customer requirements. When searching for solutions with fans, customers are most likely to contact SKVTechnik's sales department directly.
Press contact:
SKVTechnik (http://atexskv.com) Klaus Doldinger Straßberger Str. 31 08527 Plauen Phone +49172 7799600
- Above are the top 10 moments from last night's WWE SmackDown in New Orleans.
WWE stock was down 1.00% today, closing at $20.71 per share. Today's high was $20.99 and the low was $20.68.
- As noted, Paige returned to the gym this week to begin training for their return to the WWE ring later this summer. They posted this video from boxing class:
Gym in the morning. Cardio in the afternoon. Boxing time with one of our trainers. "So you can throw me to the wolves
Tomorrow I will come back
Leader of the whole pack
Beat me black and blue
Every wound will shape me
Every scar will build my throne" Working my ass off to get back in shape and become a better me.
Gym in the morning. Cardio in the afternoon. Boxing time with one of our trainers. "So you can throw me to the wolves Tomorrow I will come back Leader of the whole pack Beat me black and blue Every wound will shape me Every scar will build my throne" Working my ass off to get back in shape and become a better me. A post shared by Paige WWE (@realpaigewwe) on Jun 13, 2017 at 8:45pm PDT
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
By: State House Media and Communication Unit.
Presidential Villa, Abuja, Nigeria – Their Excellency President Julius Maada Bio and their counterpart, President Muhammadu Buhari have strengthened the bilateral ties between the two sister countries of the Republic of Sierra Leone and Federal Republic of Nigeria.
This was done on Wednesday 30th May at the start of a two-day visit to Nigeria by Their Excellency President Julius Maada Bio on the invitation of President Muhammadu Buhari. During the bilateral meeting at the Presidential Villa, President Buhari said that they shared many things in common with President Bio, adding that, they are both retired generals, former military heads of state and now democratically elected Presidents.
President Buhari also spoke about the strong bilateral relations between Sierra Leone and Nigeria and promised President Bio that they will continue to strengthen that bilateral ties. On security, President Buhari also spoke about the critical importance of stability in the two countries and also at the regional level. They said that Nigeria will spare no effort to ensure that the two countries continue to be stable.
On their part, Their Excellency President Bio said that their visit was not only to strengthening the bilateral ties between the two countries but also to express gratitude to the Government and people of Nigeria for all the assistance and support Sierra Leone has been receiving from Nigeria. President Bio also said that Nigeria and Sierra Leone have a long history and common values.
Their Excellency expressed their deepest gratitude on behalf of the people of Sierra Leone for the role Nigeria played in bringing to an end the civil war and for the support during the post-conflict reconstruction. After a closed-door meeting with President Buhari, President Bio also addressed the Press where they spoke about the priorities of their new Government which include free education and diversification of the economy among others.
Earlier, Their Excellency President Bio was given a warm welcome at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport in Abuja where they were given a presidential guard of honour and received by the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, Geoffrey Jideofor Kwusike Onyeama.
For more enquiries,
State House Media and Communications Unit; +232(88)269292; +232(76)267664
New Zealand has once again been labelled a bolthole for Americans looking to escape the US political climate following the election of Donald Trump.
The idea of this country as a safe haven from political upheaval has grown in recent years, particularly following Trump's ascension to the Oval Office at the end of 2016.
It is often cited whenever a foreign billionaire scoops up properties in places like Queenstown and reared its head again yesterday in a Financial Times article focusing on levels of British and US migration to this country.
"The number of US and UK residents choosing to live in far-flung New Zealand has risen sharply since the election of Donald Trump and the UK's Brexit vote," the London-based media organisation reported.
Advertisement
Annual net migration to New Zealand from all countries was at 70,600 in the 12 months to December, from 71,200 in 2016.
The figures, released by Statistics New Zealand yesterday, show a net 71,100 non-citizens arrived in the year, while a net 1000 New Zealanders left.
New Zealand has been experiencing record levels of net migration in recent years, which made rising immigration a key election issue as it strains the country's infrastructure and is blamed for inflating property markets.
Net migration peaked at 72,400 in the July 2017 year, and the latest figures continue the recent trend of reducing annual net migration levels, Stats NZ said.
Stats NZ's figures, as the FT points out, show that 3614 people migrated from the United Kingdom in 2015 - the year before the country voted to leave the European Union.
In the 2016 calendar year migration from Britain jumped to 5588 and in 2017 it reached 6371.
In the year following Donald Trump's election, 2127 migrated to New Zealand - up from 1286 in 2016.
Donald Trump, then President-elect shaking the hand of Peter Thiel, a tech billionare with Kiwi citizenship who has property in Queenstown. Picture / Getty.
Additional reporting: BusinessDesk
RIYADH: Using the Internet smartly and safely is the aim of the digital literacy initiative “Kulluna Online” (We're All Online) launched by the Prince Mohammed bin Salman Foundation (MiSK) and Google on Tuesday.
Starting this semester, around 10,000 boys and girls at 50 schools in Riyadh will attend interactive workshops by Google-trained facilitators, as part of the multiyear program that will later expand to include other parts of Saudi Arabia.
“Given the notable growth of usage of the digital world, whether through regular browsing or instant messaging applications, it was necessary that we find a creative initiative to spread awareness on digital safety,” said Badr Al-Asaker, MiSk secretary-general.
“Kulluna Online was the product of MiSK's belief that the Internet has become one of the most important languages of our time and a necessary tool for development. The program aims to spread digital awareness and to keep up with the latest global practices, which ensures safe Internet browsing.”
The day started at Riyadh schools with an interactive, chatty session between young onstage presenters and the audience, mainly students from elementary and intermediate grades.
Saudi Arabia has 21 million Internet users out of a population of some 32 million, Education Minister Ahmed Al-Issa said in their keynote speech.
Speaking at a press conference, Mohamed Al-Harthi, deputy minister of education for curricula and educational programs, said: “Executing this program comes in terms of activating Saudi Vision 2030 and enhancing the partnership between the public and non-profit sectors.”
The idea of the program started by gathering feedback from school students, their parents and teachers via focus groups delivered by MiSK, and listening to their concerns over their children's digital usage and presence.
The workshops will teach students to think carefully before posting something online, and how to protect their privacy by not sharing passwords or oversharing personal photos.
It will also teach them how to avoid being victims of phishing, spam and identity theft, as well as how to have a positive attitude online.
Sam Blatteis, Google head of government relations and public policy for the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC), believes education lies at the heart of realizing Google's mission: To organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful.
“What this project is doing is helping in one way to contribute to the foundation, setting the stage for developing a longer-term confidence and interest in the Internet economy,” they told Arab News.
“Parents have done a great job teaching children how to protect themselves offline by telling them not to talk to strangers or not to take candy from them. But there's a growing need now for youth to have the same skills online. Think before you post. You are what you share.”
Delivering the program will adopt a gamification technique to transform online safety education into memorable and fun content that children can embrace.
Google will gather post-mortem feedback in the form of qualitative and quantitative data from students, teachers and trainers to get an idea of the change in perceptions before and after the program.
“There are a lot of programs on online safety in terms of dos and don'ts, and they were often referred to in the context of cybersecurity,” Blatteis said.
“We thought there's an untapped potential to popularize it and socialize this program through calling it ‘digital literacy,' to bring to life how this (program) is something that can be uplifting and give kids confidence when they surf online.
“That was a finding that we at Google found through our studies over the past couple of years in the GCC.”
When asked about the possibility of hosting students to do internships at Google, they said: “We want to focus on delivering this program. I think there are inspiring kids here, and we're making efforts in localizing the content.
“We tried to make it ‘Googley' and give it a glimpse of some of Google's culture, but long-term an aspiration I have is to help develop youth to… one day apply for internships at places like Google.”
Google has structured similar programs that were applied at schools in the US and UK.
And I thought unicorns were rare, this guy looks like a one of kind.
The moose is not albino, but instead appears to have a genetic mutation that turns its fur white. The moose, discovered in Varmland, Sweden, appears to be just one of the 100 white moose that exist in the country. Watch the video below and see the moose take a brief stroll through a stream.
The following was released on Monday, Jan. 2, 2017 by Congressman-elect Jim Banks:Washington, D.C. - Congressman-elect Jim Banks today issued the following statement regarding the selection of Allen County Auditor Tera Klutz to fill the remainder of Lieutenant Governor-elect Suzanne Crouch's term as State Auditor:"Indiana will be well served by Tera Klutz as our next State Auditor. Tera is a problem solver and has been an effective advocate for Allen County taxpayers. Governor-elect Holcomb has shown strong judgment by selecting an extraordinary public servant who has served Allen County with distinction for many years.
BEIRUT (AP) — The Latest on the war in Syria (all times local):
2:15 p.m.
Russia says demands for Iran's complete withdrawal from Syria are "unrealistic."
Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said Wednesday after meeting with their Jordanian counterpart that Iran is one of the key powers in the region, and that it would be "absolutely unrealistic" to expect it to abandon its interests. They said regional powers should discuss mutual complaints and negotiate a compromise.
Advertisement
Russia and Iran have provided crucial military support to Syrian President Bashar Assad's forces, helping them turn the tide in the civil war.
Israel has said it will not tolerate an Iranian military presence in Syria and has launched military strikes against Iranian targets there in recent months.
Lavrov said Russian President Vladimir Putin and U.S. President Donald Trump would discuss the situation in southern Syria, where government forces are waging a new offensive, at their July 16 summit. They said a cease-fire in the region brokered by Russia, Jordan and the U.S. had envisioned the withdrawal of non-Syrian forces and the deployment of Syrian troops along the frontier with Israel.
___
10:45 a.m.
Islamic State media outlets are reporting that the son of the group's leader has been killed fighting Syrian government forces.
The announcement of the death of the young son of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi appeared on the group's social media accounts late Tuesday. It included a picture of a young boy carrying a rifle and identified them as Huthaifa al-Badri.
The statement did not specify when they were killed. It said they were an elite fighter who was killed while fighting Syrian and Russia troops at a power station in the central Homs province.
Al-Baghdadi has been reported killed or wounded on a number of occasions but is widely believed to still be alive. IS has been driven from nearly all the territory it once controlled in Syria and Iraq.
WHENEVER a new administration comes to power, we often see reorganization as its first action. Reorganization is made the reason to weed out the vestiges of the previous administration. Clearly, the new administration would want to put its own people, the so-called workhorses, to be the catalysts of the reforms it plans to pursue. A new administration needs to pump the engines early in order to gain traction so that the people feel the change happening.
In an earlier column, I wrote about frontline services as the key to feel the sudden rush of new blood, new programs and the different brand of service being implemented. Yes, that change was palpable in the first 100 days of the Duterte administration, the challenge is to make it sustainable and to grow roots in the bureaucracy. But after 10 months in office, reorganization has to be considered so that some bureaucratic paralysis is attended to. Let us begin with the Office of the President (OP) which is composed of the Office of the Executive Secretary (OES), Presidential Management Staff (PMS), Cabinet System and the Office of the President proper. These agencies serve the President and it is vital to clean the stables (although battling with a snake pit is hard) to stop the erosion from within.
There are institutional memories in the OP. The PMS for one is key because this is where complete staff work, or CSW, has been drilled in its operating procedure across administrations. The President does not utter a word until it has been studied and vetted by the PMS. The OES ensure that directives are written clearly and are sent out to agencies that will implement them. Critical in any issuances are the implementing rules and regulations. The OES transform Cabinet decisions and presidential directives into formal orders. I understand that today the OES is more focused on general services than ensuring that integration across departments are established. Of course, a vital cog in the Cabinet system is a cluster system that is operating well. Before issues are calendared at the Cabinet, the cluster system should have studied and recommended options. During weekly meetings, it is critical that the Cabinet gets to exhaustively discuss options and scenarios so that the President can make informed choices.
Proof that PRRD has a kind heart is their willingness to hold on to officers and staff of the previous administration. Some are not even career people but are masters in buttering up to presidents (aka political survivors. Imagine in critical departments, there are still remnants of the previous dispensation who until today handle core plans, programs and activities. Imagine leaks being made by design and some innocuous documents getting out in the public arena. Imagine decisions already made but are not downloaded so the whole organization does not move. Imagine unfilled positions not being made known to the rank and file so they can apply for promotions or to the public, so they can submit their applications. Imagine a bureaucracy that is so used to “noynoying” and is now being asked to work 24/7because the new leader works to the brink of exhaustion. Imagine decisions not cascaded to national agencies, regional offices and the local government units.
Imagine the expansive communications network of government at the national and local government units not being used to battle the propaganda lines of the so-called opposition. Imagine all the heaving done by the President and a few of their men and women when there is a full gamut of national and local networks to do this. When one needs to create the space and make it big, you just see the President and some of their people doing it on their own, albeit the Davao way. Why?
Do we have a deep state in our midst that it seems every push is countered, every act, opposed? Every framing, repositioned? Every utterance, painted as being uncouth? Every sincere effort to build is questioned? Perfect example is the apparent failure of the military and police establishments as well as the national security adviser on security threats and the war against illegal drugs. The Abu Sayyaf leaving Sulu and going to Bohol is a perfect example of failure of intelligence. When we are hosting Asean, we should be on critical red alert. Back-to-back travel warnings all made during the busiest days of Holy Week were not reassuring.
A deep state is a “political situation in a country when an internal organ such as the armed forces and civilian authorities do not respond to the civilian political leadership.” When they do, one needs to transform them. It may sound conspiratorial but a deep state can also take the form of entrenched unelected career civil servants acting in a non-conspiratorial manner, to further their own interests and in opposition to the policies of elected officials, by obstructing, resisting, and subverting the policies and directives of elected officials. Time to shake the bureaucracy. Remove the laggards and promote the honest rank-and-file who can do the job better. And get the search committee to do a deep search so the vacancies are filled up.
One management author once said, “reorganization to me is shuffling boxes, moving boxes around. Transformation means that you're really fundamentally changing the way the organization thinks, the way it responds, the way it leads. It's a lot more than just playing with boxes.” Start with the OP and the departments doing frontline services. Get them running well, get them servicing the people more.
Demonstrators protest outside the offices of anti-abortion Democratic Rep. Dan Lipinski on February 22, 2017 in Chicago. Scott Olson/Getty Images
Tuesday's Illinois primary has been hyped as an ideological bellwether for both parties. On the Republican side, there's openly bigoted state Rep. Jeanne Ives running hard to the right of Republican Gov. Bruce Rauner. On the Democratic side, there's progressive newbie Marie Newman trying to oust seven-term Congressman Dan Lipinski, a chairperson of the Blue Dog Democrats.
There are several issues at stake here—LGBTQ rights, health care access, protections for immigrants—but for both challengers, the most animating issue is abortion. Some conservative members of Rauner's party see them as a traitor for signing a 2017 bill that provides coverage for abortion care in state-funded health insurance plans, including Medicaid plans and those offered to state employees. Lipinski, on the other hand, is one of the few staunch anti-abortion Democrats in Congress. By Wednesday, both incumbents could become casualties of their parties' increasing demands for purity in abortion politics.
Rauner, who has never made themselves out to be anything but pro-choice, was an outlier in the Republican Party to begin with. As part of a cross-over campaign in the heavily Democratic state, Rauner flat-out said during their 2014 run that they supported abortion access for women of all income levels. Such statements might have been helped Rauner break a 12-year string of Democratic rule in Springfield. Conservatives have railed against Rauner's wife, Diana, for being a lifelong Democrat and a donor to Planned Parenthood. “I consider my husband and I warriors for social justice, and we don't always agree on the methods to get there,” they told the Chicago Sun-Times last year in a piece about their friendship with the wife of the Democratic speaker of the Illinois House, one of Rauner's political enemies. It was an unfortunate choice of words, since “social justice warrior” has become an epithet used by members of the far-right against people advocating for civil rights and gender equity.
Still, Rauner promised in their campaign that they had no social agenda, and that was enough for Republican primary voters, who presumably forgot that a governor must still make judgments on legislation outside their agenda. When the abortion funding bill began trickling through the state legislature last year, Rauner walked back the general endorsement they made during their campaign. Their challenger, Ives, now claims Rauner “promised the GOP caucus they would veto this bill.” For Democrats, putting Rauner in this tight spot with the bill was almost as worthwhile as the bill's contents themselves. The governor was forced to choose between shoring up their conservative bona fides with a veto, which would give the Democrats reason to accuse them of flip-flopping when their reelection campaign rolled around, or signing it and risking the support of their own party.
Ives, whose internal polling shows their trailing Rauner by 7 percentage points, attacked the governor's pro-choice governing at the Chicago March for Life in January. “We can change this for once and all,” they said. “We can put the right people in power, the right people in elected office to finally end abortion in our time.” Them rhetoric was remarkably similar to that of Mike Pence, and their campaign tactics have closely mirrored Donald Trump's. An ad Ives released last month featured a male actor in a dress, a black woman in a union T-shirt, a white woman in the type of pink “pussy hat” popularized by the Women's March, and a man dressed as an antifa demonstrator respectively thanking Rauner for “signing legislation that lets me use the girls' bathroom,” enacting a “bailout” of teacher pensions, “making all Illinois families pay for my abortions,” and turning Illinois into “a sanctuary state for illegal immigrant criminals.” The ad was inaccurate on many counts: For one thing, Rauner never signed any bills about bathroom use, though they did sign one that makes it easier for transgender people to change the genders on their birth certificates and one banning conversion “therapy” for gay and trans minors. But Ives is banking that the open vitriol against women, people of color, and immigrants that helped Trump win the Illinois presidential primary will give them a boost against Rauner and the establishment Republican Party, which has historically favored dog whistles over megaphones when it comes to identity-based prejudice.
The Trump presidency is indirectly responsible for Democrats' long-overdue turn against Lipinski, too. Newman has said that last January's Women's March was a “congealing moment” for their new political ambitions. The protest “was really the first time I realized nobody is coming to save us,” they told CNN. “I felt powerful and I felt everyone around me was powerful.” Since Lipinski's district has gotten younger and less white in recent years, the time seemed right for a shakeup. Lipinski has regularly voted against gay rights, the Affordable Care Act, immigrant rights, and abortion rights. The fact that he's been able to run unopposed in the Democratic primary for so long (he's only been primaried once before) in a solidly Democratic district is a testament to the inertia that keeps political parties complacent and stale, to the detriment of progress.
On abortion, Lipinski is no middle-of-the-road legislator along the lines of Tim Kaine or the recently elected Conor Lamb, who say they personally oppose abortion but support a woman's right to get one. Lipinski calls fetuses “the innocent unborn,” co-sponsors anti-choice legislation, and campaigns with members of the Susan B. Anthony List, one of the most notorious anti-abortion advocacy groups. With Newman as a credible challenger, all the big-name liberal and progressive groups have fallen over themselves to endorse them EMILY's List, SEIU, the Human Rights Campaign, MoveOn.org, Kirsten Gillibrand, and Bernie Sanders are all on Team Newman. Last week, Planned Parenthood released a list of “54 Times Rep. Dan Lipinski Sponsored Attacks on Women's Health” and a group of former Barack Obama aides and allies came out against the member of congress. For Lipinski's part, he's earned an obligatory nod from Nancy Pelosi, who knows better than to besmirch one of their party members in Congress.
A recent Public Policy Polling survey has Newman just 2 points behind Lipinski, a gap that's within the margin of error. If they win the nomination, the victory will be a rallying point for progressives and women's rights advocates around the country, who will see it in the context of other recent electoral wins that may have seemed impossible pre-Trump. If they don't, the race should still serve as a warning sign to Democrats who won't commit to women's health care.
Earlier this month, Lipinski warned of a rising “tea party of the left” that was threatening the “big tent” party the Democrats needed to create. Their constituents will decide tomorrow whether their votes on abortion and health care track with their stated desire “to be for working men and women, for being champions of the middle class,” and whether a big tent should give cover to politicians who deny freedoms and protections to others under it. Lipinski has made decisions on abortion according to their conscience for 13 years in the Senate. Perhaps their district's next representative will allow women to do the same.
For the fourth year in a row, Isaac Bruce will miss out on the Hall of Fame. The 2018 class was announced on Saturday night, and Bruce's name was not among the nine inductees.
Here's the full list of players who got in this year:
Hall of Fame, Class of 2018: Randy Moss, Brian Urlacher, Ray Lewis, Brian Dawkins, Terrell Owens, Jerry Kramer, Robert Brazile and Bobby Beathard. — Adam Schefter (@AdamSchefter) February 3, 2018
This was Bruce's fourth year of eligibility and their second as a finalist. It was a strong year for wide receivers with Terrell Owens and Randy Moss also among the finalists, which made it even more difficult for Bruce to get in.
At the time of their retirement, Bruce ranked second all-time with 15,208 yards receiving, only trailing Jerry Rice. Even eight years later, Bruce is still fifth in NFL history in that department, while also ranking 13th in receptions and 12th in touchdown catches.
Their numbers certainly seem worthy of being inducted in Canton, but it's becoming increasingly difficult for receivers to get into the Hall of Fame, for some reason. Bruce was a role model and a pro's pro on the field, which makes their inability to get in even more puzzling.
Not to mention, they made the biggest play in Super Bowl XXXIV, lifting the Rams to victory.
FAIRBANKS, Alaska (AP) – A fighter jet will be at Eielson Air Force Base for testing this month.
The Fairbanks Daily News-Miner reports (http://bit.ly/2z2umsr ) the F-35A Lighting II will be the first of its kind to visit Eielson. It's a multipurpose fighter plane designed to replace older fighters, including the Air Force's F-16 Fighting Falcons, the A-10 Warthog, the Navy's aircraft carrier-based F-18 Hornet and the Marine Corps' AV-8B Harrier II “jump jet.”
The F-35 is the most expensive weapons program in U.S. history. Each one costs about $95 million. The U.S. plans to buy more than 2,400 of them and sell hundreds to allies.
Construction at Eielson began during summer to prepare for two squadrons coming in 2020.
Conservatives want free bus travel for young people
All 16-24 year olds in Wales would get free bus travel under plans announced today by the Welsh Conservatives
The plans commit a future Welsh Conservative-led administration to the introduction of a new travel scheme for young people, and the party is calling on the Welsh Labour Government to take the policy forward.
Under the plans young people in Wales will be entitled to register for a travel card – dubbed the ‘Green Card' – which can be used for free bus travel in Wales and as a Young Person's Railcard, cutting the costs of rail tickets by a third.
Welsh Conservatives say the package represents a “exciting offer for young people” in Wales as well as helping to protect the environment and supporting the sustainability of local bus services, some of which have been axed in recent years.
The Green Card will be promoted by a Wales-wide advertising campaign to promote take up.
Shadow Economy Secretary, Russell George, said:
“We are committed to building a stronger economy and a fairer society, and we believe that young people should benefit from the same travel concessions offered to Wales' over-60s.
“Young people tend to have the lowest wages and the highest car insurance premiums. And whilst others receive a free ride, young people are all too often hit in the pocket – they deserve extra support.
“Travel costs can be a huge barrier to accessing education, training and employment opportunities for young people and these proposals will help to address this.
“Our plans are about fairness, and this announcement underlines our commitment to levelling the playing field in Wales.”
Shadow Education Secretary, Darren Millar, said:
“Our plans to extend free bus travel and cut train fares for young people demonstrate our commitment to young people across Wales.
“They represent an exciting offer for young people and will not only save them money, but also help to save the planet too by encouraging the use of greener forms of transport.
“With broken promises from Welsh Labour on tuition fees the least that the Welsh Government can do is to help young people with travel costs; we urge Ministers to take our proposals forward.”
John Pockett of the Confederation of Passenger Transport said:
“Any initiative that looks to encourage greater bus usage is a welcome move.
“The Confederation of Passenger Transport is pleased to see all political parties recognising the valuable contribution that buses and coaches make, and we are keen to engage in dialogue to increase passengers – especially among young people.”
Last Sunday's message in church about materialism made me recount what I shared with you in my previous Mummy Bites column, as well as reassess and realign my priorities.
For Fathers, it is very clear that their primary role in the family is to be a provider. Mothers, on the other hand, are the caretakers, nurturers, queens of the kitchen and daily operations and finance managers of the home.
Now, as a Christian single mother, my priorities are [supposedly and generally]very clear, as taught in church: God first, child second (since I have no spouse), work comes third and then ministry. But you know how sudden turns in life often jumble those up and you end up restless and consumed by the daily demands that only a strong rebuke will be the only means to make you stop in your tracks.
We all know that work is good. God wants us to work and work is a manifestation of blessing in our lives (though blessings are not always only material and tangible). The Book of Proverbs is rich in warnings against laziness and also provides encouragement and leading to work as hard as the ants (Proverbs 6:6-9). God also wants us to be hardworking—that is being good flight attendants of opportunities They allow in your life.
However, although work is good, when it becomes the ultimate priority in one's life, then it becomes counterproductive and sinful. Let me explain better through a dialogue I had with my daughter after church:
So I was explaining to my little one about not loving money or the things of this world (Hebrews 13:15); that there are more important things to life than working and earning money, and that God is faithful to provide for all our needs. We should always fully trust Him. And so I wrap up our little sharing and ended it by asking them to enumerate priorities in life.
Me: So Gummy, what is most important?
Gummy: God.
Me: Yes. Okay. Next?
Gummy: Baking.
My eyes started to well up in no time. I felt so ashamed for making my daughter feel that baking (work) was more important than them What a loud and strong rebuke! I told Gummy to sit on my lap and with tears they wiped off herself, I apologized to them for making them feel that way. I felt like a hypocrite at that very moment—not walking my talk, not practicing my preaching. I was spending more time working than with her, when they are supposed to be of more importance.
But that's not all. In line with materialism, I wanted to dig deeper and see if my daughter was really absorbing the value of the hard work I model. I wanted to know if it was clear to them why I do what I do at the rate I do things. So I asked, “Why do you think Mummy works hard, baby?” And they reply with the most truthful yet heartbreaking answer: “So we can buy sofa and aircon.”
The last thing I ever want my child to see or learn is that I work to buy; Just to buy and do the things we want.
That short conversation made me think through why it came off to my daughter as that. Of course I was expecting that they would say to put food on the table, so they can go to school, and things like that.
As parents, we naturally justify the time we do not spend with our kids as time we use to work to secure their future—it is for them anyway. Yes and no. Of course it is for them. But is it only and solely for them? Or is there some amount of pride in the mix?
Hard work paying off means more funds for the wants. Because when we are able to give beyond what we can, we become proud. Painfully speaking, it is pride in our capacity for provision and self-glorification that sometimes drive us to want to earn more. Why? Because humans are naturally inclined to think that blessings are always in material form.
When there is an increase in earnings, wealth, or ownership we therefore feel we are blessed and we are such hardworking parents but honestly, it is not always the case.
I am saying all this to call the attention of every working parent and do some introspection today. Why do we work so hard? What is our true motive? Do we work to the point of exhaustion to still provide for our families, or out of a lack of trust in the Lord to provide? Give this a thought: You are first called to be a parent (Psalm 127:3), than your position in your job. Know your calling and priorities. And remember, God wants us to bear fruit, not just be busy.
I praise God for how They have revealed my lack of trust in Their sole provision. How They bluntly rebuked me through the lips of my daughter. As well as how They allow this to be a moment of reminder, rerouting, reassessment, realignment and restoration. I thank the Lord for the grace of Their forgiveness and Their mercies that are new every morning. The following day, Monday, I started my day with the perspective that I will do my best still, but strive to earn just enough and never to aspire for too much.
Hebrews 13:15 (NLT) says “Do not love money; be satisfied with what you have. For God has said, ‘I will never leave you, I will never abandon you.'”
MOSCOW (AP) — Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko turned up at a news conference in the Ukrainian capital Wednesday less than 24 hours after police reported they had been shot and killed at their Kiev apartment building. The country's security services said Babchenko's death was faked to foil a plot to take their life.
Ukrainian police said Tuesday that Babchenko, a strong critic of the Kremlin, was shot multiple times in the back Tuesday and found bleeding there by their wife. Authorities said they suspected they were killed because of their work.
Vasyl Gritsak, head of the Ukrainian Security Service, announced at a news conference Wednesday that the security agency and the police had solved Babchenko's slaying. They then startled everyone there by inviting the 41-year-old reporter into the room.
To the applause and gasps of the press, Babchenko took the floor and apologized to the friends and family who mourned for them and were unaware of the plan.
“I'm still alive,” they said.
Before ushering Babchenko into the room, Gritsak said investigators had identified a Ukrainian citizen who had been recruited and paid $40,000 by the Russian security service to organize and carry out the killing. The unidentified Ukrainian man in turn hired an acquaintance who had fought in the separatist war in eastern Ukraine as the gunman.
Babchenko, one of Russia's best-known war reporters, fled the country in February 2017 after receiving death threats. They spoke and wrote about leaving the country because of the threats against them and their family.. They said their home address was published online and the threats they received were made by phone, email and social media.
Ilya Ponomarev, a former Russian lawmaker who also moved to Ukraine, said Wednesday that Babchenko continued being threatened after they settled last fall in Kiev, where they worked as a host for the Crimean Tatar TV station. Babchenko did not take the intimidation too seriously, according to Ponomarev.
Moscow's annexation of Crimea and support for separatist insurgents in eastern Ukraine were topics on which the journalist was scathingly critical of the Kremlin.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
CAIRO (AP) — When the sole candidate running against Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi held a rally in downtown Cairo recently, all of 30 people showed up. And that wasn't even the biggest sign of the hollowness of their campaign.
Even more telling was one of the chants by the supporters of Moussa Mustafa Moussa, a virtually unknown politician who surfaced just so el-Sissi wouldn't run alone. It was hardly a resolute victory cry.
"Whether Moussa wins or el-Sissi wins, either is our president!" they shouted.
There is no question the general-turned-president el-Sissi will win a second four-year term. But the March 26-28 election will likely be remembered as the event that signaled Egypt's break with the little pretense it had left of democratic rule, seven years after a popular uprising toppled autocrat Hosni Mubarak in the name of democracy.
Advertisement
The election was preceded by a purge of would-be opposing candidates, unprecedented even under Mubarak's nearly 30-year rule. Authorities also clamped down on the media, even egging the public to report anyone they feel is depicting Egypt in a bad light.
The question raised by many observers is why such extreme measures were taken to ensure a vote el-Sissi would probably win anyway.
El-Sissi seems convinced a genuinely contested election could destabilize the country, allow Islamists a back door into politics or interfere with their drive to revive the battered economy.
El-Sissi was first elected in a 2014 landslide after, as army chief, they led the military's ouster of Islamist President Mohammed Morsi. They kept much of that popularity while ferociously cracking down on Islamists and secular dissenters.
They have insisted stability must take priority over freedoms as they carried out large-scale infrastructure projects and painful austerity reforms. With those reforms, el-Sissi has succeeded in bringing some life back to the economy, though at the cost of inflation. El-Sissi has also made a name for themselves on the international stage as a champion against Islamic militancy.
After the election, el-Sissi and their supporters will very likely attempt to get rid of the constitution's two term limit on the presidency, said Paul Salem, a senior Middle East expert from the Washington-based Middle East Institute.
"It might be the view of el-Sissi and their administration that this is needed for stability for economic and security reasons," Salem told The Associated Press. "My own personal view is that this buys stability for the short term but makes any transfer of power which has to happen sooner or later much more difficult."
El-Sissi hasn't bothered to campaign in person. Instead, the streets of Cairo and other cities have been swamped in a tidal wave of billboards, banners and posters with their image declaring: "He is the hope."
A decent turnout is the one thing left to give the election a measure of respectability. El-Sissi's supporters have organized rallies urging the public to vote. Pro-government media proclaim that voting is a religious duty and failing to do so is "high treason." Moussa's supporters chanted at their rally that would-be boycotters are traitors and cowards.
Imad Hussein, the pro-el-Sissi editor of Al-Shorouk newspaper, criticized the handling of the election, not because the field was engineered but because it wasn't done smoothly.
"We, of course, hoped to have a genuinely contested election," they wrote last month. "But since we don't have that, the government was supposed to at least prepare the stage to make it look democratic."
The methodical elimination of opponents suggested el-Sissi felt a vulnerability, particularly to a candidate rooted in the military who could exploit possible cracks in their popularity, whether over pain from economic reforms, resentment over crackdowns or frustration over continued militant violence.
Several candidates dropped out citing intimidation and harassment. But the harshest treatment was dealt out to two former generals: former military chief of staff Maj. Gen. Sami Annan and former air force general Ahmed Shafiq, who came a close second in the 2012 presidential election.
The 70-year-old Annan was arrested three days after they announced their candidacy in January and is still in a military prison. One of their top aides, Hisham Genena, was beat up by thugs and later arrested as well.
Even before their arrest, Annan was under surveillance for months and was directly advised to not run, said senior security officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to brief the media.
"He was fully aware of the consequences ... The warnings were crystal clear," one official said.
Shafiq was living in the United Arab Emirates when, in November, they announced plans to run. The Emiratis promptly deported them to Egypt, where they were immediately detained in a hotel. For days, security officials berated them to drop out of the race as pro-government media launched a campaign to discredit him, warning of corruption cases and exposure of alleged sexual indiscretions.
Shafiq buckled, announcing their withdrawal on Jan. 7. They remained effectively under house arrest, the officials said.
Annan and Shafiq would have offered an alternative for voters seeking change but wary of parting company with the military.
But more worrisome, their candidacies fueled speculation about possible fissures within the military, which prides itself on iron-clad unity and secrecy.
It is not known whether their bids to run against el-Sissi had any support among senior officers. But other developments have raised question marks, such as unexplained dismissals in past months of the military's chief of staff and the head of the General Intelligence Directorate, Egypt's version of the CIA, who also hails from the military. Government-controlled media have briefly mentioned conflicts among security and intelligence agencies, and there have been unconfirmed reports of top generals being sidelined.
"The regime is super sensitive," said Michael W. Hanna, an Egypt expert from New York's Century Foundation, "but it may also be facing internal tensions and rivalries that are seeping out into the public domain."
Police are talking to the person believed to be the driver of the truck which hit Terenzo Bozzone while they were riding their bike in Auckland yesterday.
Source: 1 NEWS
Police confirmed the news to 1 NEWS this evening and say the person is "assisting us with our inquiries in relation to this incident".
A spokesperson from Auckland District Health Board has confirmed that triathlete Terenzo Bozzone remains in a stable condition after they were seriously injured in a collision with a truck while cycling yesterday.
Bozzone was cycling in Kumeu, Auckland yesterday afternoon when the accident occurred at approximately 2:20pm.
The 33-year-old won their first Ironman New Zealand title in Taupo on March 3 after breaking the previous record time by over seven minutes with a time of seven hours, 59 minutes and 56 seconds.
On May 29, Aiken city leaders met to discuss the 1% sales tax for city improvements. Back in March, the city council approved a "wish-list" of capital projects they hope to fund with that revenue.
If voters say yes to the sales tax in November then this would be the fourth time a 1% sales tax has been passed for the county. City officials are hoping to use the tax for infrastructure improvements, public safety investments, along with park and recreation upgrades. With the previous three approved sales tax initiatives, Mayor Rick Osbon says the county has been able to accomplish a lot from roadways to infrastructure.
The Department of Commerce determines how much is allocated to each project. They have a formula where they are able to estimate costs based on past models and data collected.
"Every item that the money will be spent on is put on a ballot the voters are given ahead of time and given an opportunity to review it. And the money cannot be varied from those projects. So it really is a commitment from the elected officials and the municipalities in the county to the citizens in our county.", says Mayor Osbon.
The mayor is positive citizens will support the tax. They say county leaders do their best to educate residents on why the 1% is needed. First with the county conducting their study of all of the pipes and lines to know the condition of all the infrastructure and then providing it to the public; that is why city leaders are confident that 1% is enough.
FOX 54 asked Mayor Osbon if there was another way to get the money instead of the sales tax. "No there isn't. There really isn't. The only thing you can do is raise property taxes but even that is capped at a certain 3% to 4% percent which will never meet the needs of what we have so this is important for the county and the small towns also that is what is really special about this particular formula; small towns also get a percentage of it so it is a very significant portion of their budget."
The mayor also says that if voters say no then the county will move forward and make best with what they have.
Copyright 2018 WFXG. All rights reserved.
Zimbabwe's main opposition leader has threatened to boycott this month's general election after claiming that ballot papers had been rigged to favour President Emmerson Mnangagwa.
Nelson Chamisa, Mr Mnangagwa's biggest challenger in the July 30th vote, demanded a halt to printing the papers on Wednesday, warning that “we will not have an election without a ballot paper that has been agreed upon”.
The poll will be the first election in the southern African nation without Robert Mugabe, who ruled Zimbabwe for 37 years before they were ousted by the military last year.
Mr Mnangagwa, who succeeded Mr Mugabe, has promised that the election will be free and fair. Their ruling Zanu-PF has a history of rigging votes and intimidating the opposition but this year Mr Mnangagwa has invited international election observers, including a team from the EU.
A fair election is seen as critical to unlocking badly needed international investment for Zimbabwe's economy, which endured years of isolation under Mr Mugabe and is buckling under a severe cash shortage. Mr Mnangagwa is also seeking legitimacy after last year's takeover.
Tension
But tension has risen in recent weeks. Mr Mnangagwa narrowly escaped an explosion at a campaign rally that they blamed on internal enemies in Zanu-PF still loyal to Mr Mugabe, while Mr Chamisa's Movement for Democratic Change has accused the country's election commission of failing to make a final voters' roll available. It has also raised concerns of military interference in the poll.
“We'd rather be in a grave or a prison cell” than continue the elections under present conditions, said Mr Chamisa (40), a lawyer, who became leader of the MDC after the death this year of Morgan Tsvangirai, Mr Mugabe's greatest political foe. The MDC is leading an alliance of seven opposition parties into the election.
“This is a political crisis,” Mr Chamisa said. “We will not repeat the mistakes of 2013” – the last election in which rigging was rife, they added.
Two columns
Zimbabwe's election commission has denied Mr Chamisa's claims and defended the ballot paper. The design features Mr Mnangagwa at the top, despite being 15th in the alphabetical candidate list, by splitting the paper into two columns of 14 presidential contenders on the left hand side and nine on the right.
The commission has admitted in the past that at least 15 per cent of its staff were former members of the army and intelligence services. Human Rights Watch said the body had “not demonstrated independence or impartiality” and called on Mr Mnangagwa to remove military influence on politics.
Intimidate voters
Zimbabwe's army says it will uphold the constitution during the election. But it has not said whether it would accept an opposition party in power instead of Zanu-PF, the former liberation movement. An army spokesperson denied on Wednesday that its soldiers had been sent to rural areas to intimidate voters into backing Zanu-PF.
According to polling released last month by Afrobarometer, 42 per cent of Zimbabweans plan to vote for Mr Mnangagwa and Zanu-PF, against 31 per cent for Mr Chamisa and the MDC, implying the presidential vote may go to a runoff in September. The intentions of over a quarter of voters remain unknown.
– Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2018
HUDDERSFIELD, England — Huddersfield says head coach David Wagner has signed a contract extension to stay at the Premier League club for three more years.
Wagner, their assistant Christophe Buhler and first-team coach Andrew Hughes all signed new deals that will keep them at the club until 2021.
The trio all had 12 months left on their previous contracts, and Wagner had been linked with bigger clubs after an impressive debut season in the Premier League.
However, the German-American said "the decision to extend my stay at this club was not a difficult one."
MIAMI (WSVN) - A dispute between two men came to a deadly end at a halfway house in Miami, early Monday morning.
A resident and another man were fighting at the halfway house, located near Coral Way and 62nd Avenue, around 2 a.m.
Both of the men pulled knives and stabbed each other.
One man died at the scene. The other was taken to Jackson Memorial Hospital, where they later died.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
This image released by Focus Features shows Jacob Tremblay, from left, Jaeden Lieberher and Naomi Watts in a scene from “The Book of Henry.” Alison Cohen Rosa AP
Tuesday's Game 5 between the Miami Heat and Philadelphia 76ers was a big one for both teams, as the visiting Heat were looking to stave off elimination and the 76ers were one win away from their first playoff series victory in six years.
What added to the atmosphere at Wells Fargo Center was the release of hip hop artist Meek Mill, who is a due to a Pennsylvania Supreme Court ruling was released from prison. Among those also in attendance were the reigning national champion Villanova Wildcats, who along with comedian Kevin Hart, Meek Mill and the artist's lawyers took a photo prior to the game.
City prosecutors were of the belief that Meek Mill, who had been imprisoned without bail since November, was entitled to a new trial after being found guilty of a probation violation stemming from a conviction handed down in 2009. This was a factor in the Supreme Court's decision to grant Meek Mill, who rang the bell prior to the start of Tuesday's game, their freedom.
Meek Mill received a groundswell of support throughout their incarceration from members of the 76ers and Super Bowl champion Eagles and other public figures, including 76ers co-owner Michael Rubin and New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft.
Dallas Cowboys running back Rod Smith (45) attempts to break away from New York Giants defensive tackle Damon Harrison (98) during the second half of play at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey, on Sunday, December 10, 2017. Dallas Cowboys defeated the New York Giants 30-10. (Vernon Bryant/The Dallas Morning News)
The Cowboys only have one more game before Ezekiel Elliott returns. But backup running back Rod Smith has made a clear name for themselves in Elliott's suspension absence. Here are 10 things to know about the Cowboys' latest breakout star.
1) The basics
Rod Smith was born in Fort Wayne, Indiana on Jan. 10, 1992. They starred at Fort Wayne's Paul Harding High, rushing for 6,625 yards and 66 touchdowns to earn All-State honors. They then played for Ohio State and bounced around NFL rosters, joining the Cowboys in October 2015 after the Seahawks waived him. Seattle had initially signed Smith as an undrafted free agent on May 2, 2015.
2) He's Jaylon's brother
Rod's younger brother Jaylon Smith plays linebacker for the Cowboys, you might have heard. Smith's dramatic knee injury in Notre Dame's bowl game dropped them from a top pick to the Cowboys' second rounder in 2016. As they worked their entire year for their nerve to regenerate, Jaylon received much press. All along, Rod flew under the radar.
"We understood it was going to be possible when Jerry [Jones] called me that night [of the draft], but for it to really happen, it's a great feeling," Rod said of playing with their brother.
3) Zero to 100 now he's here
Smith didn't get much playing time in their first two years as an NFL player, or even in much of this year. They carried the ball 23 times for 99 yards in their first 28 games. But the last three games, he's exploded. Beginning with the Cowboys' Thanksgiving loss to the Chargers, Smith has four touchdowns in three games. He's carried the ball 24 times for 115 yards averaging 4.6 yards a carry.
"I was stoked, super excited for him, happy for him, proud of him," Jaylon told them after their first career TD. "That's what I told them when they came to the sideline. He's worked so hard, he's been through so much, he's always kept their eyes on the prize."
Here's a look back at that push:
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Aluminum Cold Plate Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report David, Lytron, Asia Vital Components, Wakefield-Vette, Wolverine Tube, Xenbo Electric, Columbia-Staver, TAT Technologies, Ellediesse, DAU, TE Technology, Wenxuan Hardware, Kawaso Texel, Hitachi, Suzhou Wint Electric, Tucker Engineering, Shanghai Kissthermal, MaxQ Technology, Mikros, Koolance, HS Marston.
The report begins with introducing the global Aluminum Cold Plate market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Aluminum Cold Plate report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-aluminum-cold-plate-market/5913/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Aluminum Cold Plate Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Formed Tube Cold Plate, Deep Drilled Cold Plate, Machined Channel Cold Plate, Pocketed Folded-fin Cold Plate, Others.
Aluminum Cold Plate Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: High Power Electronic Equipment, Laser Device, Power Conversion Equipment, Medical Equipment, Defence and Aerospace, LED, Others.
Key points in the Aluminum Cold Plate Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-aluminum-cold-plate-market/5913/#inquiry
From all of this Aluminum Cold Plate market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Aluminum Cold Plate market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Aluminum Cold Plate distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
PARIS: The two frontrunners in the French presidential election, far-right leader Marine Le Pen and centrist Emmanuel Macron, staged rival rallies in Paris on Monday, seeking to stay ahead in a tightening race just days before the vote. Macron staged their biggest rally of the campaign so far, attracting 20,000 people to the Bercy national indoor arena while a topless woman protester briefly interrupted Le Pen's speech to 6,000 supporters at a concert hall. After weeks of twists and turns, the unpredictable race has narrowed dramatically, with surveys suggesting four candidates are in contention to win one of the top two spots in the vote next Sunday and progress to the run-off a fortnight later. Scandal-hit conservative Francois Fillon and radical leftist Jean-Luc Melenchon are steaming up behind the two frontrunners, and with around one in four of the electorate still undecided, candidates are scrapping for every vote. Macron and Le Pen, who have both scored as high as 25 percent in voter surveys, stood at 23 percent and 22.5 percent respectively in the latest Ifop poll updated daily, while Melenchon has surged to 19.5 percent, equal with Fillon. Macron delivered an upbeat speech that focused on their vision of France in five years' time.
AFP
High Paywave fees from banks are making goods and services 'more expensive for everyone'
Retail NZ says it has heard of retailers in New Zealand being charged up to 3.5 per cent transaction fees, with an average of 1.6 per cent - the average in the UK is 0.2 per cent.
Minerals Council SA and Mining Minister Gwede Mantashe might be headed for a clash if the latter resorts to implementing the “use it or lose it” principle they hinted at in their recent address at the council's annual general meeting.
Addressing the media in the presence of the council's president Mxolisi Mgojo and CEO Roger Baxter earlier in the week, Mantashe said the large number of mines under care and maintenance was one of the key factors identified for the recent reversed economic gains of the industry and government was considering implementing the use it or lose it principle.
“The high number of mines and shafts under care and maintenance contribute heavily to the massive decline in both production and employment. In this regard we will meet companies that are culprits of these practices. We intend to discuss honestly and robustly on the use it or lose it principle, found in our law.
“Our mineral wealth must be exploited, not left unused, if we are to generate economic growth and impact on the development of society. It is in this context that we wish to invite mining companies that are involved in this practice to come and make presentations to the mineral resources department on why this situation pertains,” they said, adding that should the status quo persist, economic deposits would be sterilised.
Mantashe said the recent statistics indicate that mining production increased by 3.1% year on year in February, showing a recovery from previous periods, but the growth was reversed by the 8.4% plunge in mining production in March as a result of a downturn of -18% in gold, -8.9% in iron ore and -6.1% in Platinum Group Metals.
Mantashe said in areas where there is care and maintenance there is also an increase in illegal mining activities, indicating a clear relation between the two.
They said the platinum industry in particular was going through a crisis similar to the gold sector in the late 1990s.
Mantashe took a swipe at the mining houses for “high grading”, a practice they said was when mines under fiscal strain mined only high-grade minerals and left marginal areas sterilised.
“Marginal areas can be sustained only if they are combined with high-grade areas and I suspect this care and maintenance is part of high grading,” they said.
Looking for certainty
Mantashe said government's priorities in the mining industry are policy and regulatory certainty, which includes finalising the mining charter before the end of next month, improving health and safety, the complexities that cloud the granting of mining rights and bedevils the applications for mining licences, as well as combating illegal mining activities. They said they had already spoken to Police Minister Bheki Cele about establishing a special unit within the SA Police Service for this purpose.
The department's spokesperson, Ayanda Shezi, said government would resort to the principle not only as a first resort, but rather to engage the companies placing shafts in care and maintenance to explore viable alternatives to ensure minerals are not sterilised.
Reacting to Mantashe's statements, the council disagreed, saying that although Mantashe mentioned the issue of use it or lose it prior to the annual general meeting, it was not discussed in detail.
“The matter would need further discussion, we believe. In particular, it would be useful to understand the evidence that would support this premise. As always, the Minerals Council and its members remain open to engagement with the minister on how best to ensure South Africa's mineral resources are accountable.
In general, however, the Minerals Council would advise that placing a mine on care and maintenance is not something a company would typically take very lightly. There are significant costs and legal obligations that are involved, without any income generation,” Charmane Russell, council spokesperson, said.
They said in the council's experience, illegal mining in the gold sector took place at existing mines that had been mined out, as well as in closed or abandoned mines, which are under the management of the state.
“Where ‘pockets' of mineable ore have been left behind at existing mines, this is because they are not economically viable – considering that companies have fixed costs in the way in which they operate – including paying for infrastructure, employment obligations, safety and health and environmental obligations, and all those costs associated with operating a mine legally and in compliance with the law.
“Another reason these ‘pockets' might have been left behind is because it is not safe to mine them. You will be aware that best practice mine planning provides for pillars to be left behind for stability and, ultimately, safety,” they said.
They pointed out that in the chrome and diamond sectors there had been illegal mining when existing rights and permits had simply been overlooked and areas invaded.
“Generally, it has not been our experience that members whose operations are on care and maintenance have been afflicted by illegal mining. The Minerals Council will engage further on the matter with the minister at their convenience,” they said.
Jobs
At the meeting AngloGold Ashanti chief operations officer Chris Sheppard confirmed the company would be shedding 2 000 jobs in line with its restructuring plans.
“AngloGold Ashanti has reduced its production in South Africa by about 50% through the sale of the Kopanang and Moab Khotsong mines in February and the closure of the TauTona mine announced late last year.
“The company's remaining South African assets now include the Mponeng underground gold mine, and a surface operation, both of which have the potential for long lives.
“The all-in cost of the South African business in the first quarter of this year was $1 361/oz, compared with a gold price of only $1 330/oz in that period.”
The decision did not go down well with the National Union of Mineworkers (NUM), which lambasted the company for prioritising profits.
“It has become a fashionable trend for this company to retrench mineworkers,” NUM spokesperson Livhuwani Mammburu said. The company had announced job cuts totalling 11 349 since last year. It announced 8 500 last June and 849 a few months before that.
Sibanye Stillwater, which also announced last August it would shed thousands of jobs and had four shafts under care and maintenance, would not comment on Mantashe's address.
Sibanye spokesperson James Wellsted said they could not comment on the consideration of implementing the use it or lose it principle because there were not enough details on the matter.
The latest Stats SA report showed the mining industry had 50 000 fewer jobs now than a year ago. It now employs 397 000 people.
-City press
CARACAS: Venezuela's unpopular President Nicolas Maduro got the seal of approval from their ruling party on Friday (Saturday in Manila) to stand for re-election against a weakened opposition barred from fielding a united rival candidate. The snap poll is to happen sometime before the end of April, after the Constituent Assembly announced last week the vote was being brought forward from December. The Supreme Court, which critics say systematically bows to Maduro, has barred the opposition coalition from fielding a candidate under its banner, and banned several prominent opposition figures from participating. The opposition says the moves are designed to engineer a second term for Maduro. The ruling Socialist Party, which Maduro leads and which is holding a congress, on Friday officially voted to make the president its candidate for the election.
AFP
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — The fourth nor'easter in three weeks is set to smack the East Coast on the first day of spring.
The bulk of the dangerous, wind-driven snow and sleet is expected to wallop New Jersey, Maryland, Delaware and parts of eastern Pennsylvania before heading off to Nantucket early Thursday, the National Weather Service said.
Sleet and freezing rain are expected Tuesday afternoon, the first day of spring. On Wednesday, about 6 to 9 inches of snow is expected, with some areas getting nearly a foot.
The jet stream, the upper level river of air that guides weather, is stuck in a plunging pattern that brings plenty of moisture from the south up the East Coast, said Brian Hurley, senior forecaster at the National Weather Service's Weather Prediction Center.
Advertisement
Four nor'easters in three weeks is highly unusual, but it happens when a pattern locks in. And that's happened, Hurley said.
Officials are cautioning against unnecessary travel Wednesday afternoon and evening, when snow could be falling as much as 3 inches an hour.
Widespread power outages are possible, especially Wednesday, with gusts of up to 35 mph at times.
"Upper level patterns like this tend to repeat and you tend to get these serial storms, one after the other," weather.us meteorologist Ryan Maue said, adding that Europe will get the same drumbeat of storms a few days later.
But "the calendar is catching up to spring," Maue said. "Thankfully, you're going to see some spring pretty soon."
___
AP Science Writer Seth Borenstein contributed to this report from Washington.
By Shibani Mahtani, (c) 2018, The Washington Post
MAE SAI, Thailand – A soccer team of 12 Thai boys and their 25-year-old coach trapped deep in a cave complex are being given rudimentary diving lessons on Wednesday even though none of them know how to swim.
The 11-day drama has riveted the country and much of the outside world after the young soccer players, ranging in age from 11 to 16, disappeared while exploring the vast Tham Luang cave complex and then were trapped by rising floodwaters.
Divers finally found them huddled on a patch of dry land in one chamber, but getting them out remains a dilemma. The 2.5-mile journey through winding, flooded passages is only something for the most experienced divers.
Thai authorities are also hoping to remove enough water, so perhaps the boys could escape by foot. After pumping out 120 million liters, water levels have already fallen by 30 to 40 percent amid unseasonably sunny skies, they said Wednesday.
If the boys can be trained up and the water sufficiently reduced, an extraction could happen within days, they added.
At the rescue site on Wednesday afternoon, Thai soldiers conducted their first evacuation drill – locking arms as they formed a column from the cave's entrance to a field, where 13 ambulances were waiting to bring the group to the hospital.
The drill simulated what a rescue would look like and how the boys would be transported to a hospital when they are eventually freed from the cave.
More rains are predicted for the weekend, however, and Thailand's monsoon season will stretch until September, causing some officials to predict it could be months before the boys get out.
Videos released Wednesday by the Thai navy, which is overseeing the effort, show the boys in apparently good spirits, introducing themselves to the camera, with their palms pressed together in the traditional greeting.
Another video shows a Thai doctor, who spent the night with them in the cave, treating their cuts and bruises and joking with the boys, many of whom appear to have new clothes and were wrapped in foil, heat-retaining blankets.
Thai authorities have emphasized that they will not endanger the boys' lives during the extraction and will only do it when it is “100 percent safe.”
“The water is very strong and space is narrow. Extracting the children takes a lot of people,” Deputy Prime Minister Prawit Wongsuwan told reporters, according to Reuters. “Now we are teaching the children to swim and dive.”
After days of solitude, the boys are now receiving a string of visitors, including rescue divers and health professionals and they are being fed liquid, high-protein food.
Divers are also attempting to string a fiber-optic cable through the caves to give them phone contact with the outside world and their families.
The boys were first found by a pair of British divers who described a harrowing three-hour round trip through narrow passageways flooded with water while trying to fight a strong current – indicating the magnitude of the challenge to bring them out along the same route.
The world's attention has been riveted to their story, which echoes the tale of the 33 Chilean miners who were trapped for 69 days nearly a half-mile below the surface in 2010. Engineers there eventually drilled a vertical hole to reach their chamber, and all the miners were pulled to the surface one by one.
The complexity of the Thai cave in the northern province of Chiang Rai with its honeycomb of chambers and passageways, however, makes drilling a hole as an escape route an unlikely option.
“They shouldn't be ashamed to be scared,” Omar Reygadas, one of the trapped Chilean miners, told the Associated Press. They ascribed their comrades' survival to faith, prayer and humor. “Because we were scared, too. Our tears also ran. Even as adult men, we cried.”
– The Washington Post's Jittrapon Kaicome in Chiang Mai and Paul Schemm contributed to this report.
- Former WWE RAW guest star Dule Hill is backstage for tonight's RAW in Columbus, as seen in this Fallout video. Hill stars in WWE Studios' "Sleight," which hits theaters on Friday, April 28th.
- "Born for Greatness" by Papa Roach has been announced as the official theme song for the April 30th WWE Payback pay-per-view from the SAP Center in San Jose, California.
- Below is a promo for this week's WWE NXT episode, which will feature Tye Dillinger vs. Eric Young in a steel cage match. This will be the final NXT match for Tye, who recently joined the SmackDown roster.
The #Perfect10 @WWEDillinger looks to settle the score AND eliminate the numbers game with @TheEricYoung inside a STEEL CAGE on #WWENXT! pic.twitter.com/TWb3L6oQSb — WWE (@WWE) April 18, 2017
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
Paul Pierce has been really been living it up in their first few months of retirement. After nearly two decades in the NBA, the Boston Celtics legend finally called it quits – and was promptly added to ESPN's lineup of analysts for the postseason.
All that work with ESPN has also allowed them to remain in their home city of Los Angeles, and since they no longer has to travel to and from the Bay Area and Cleveland, they took their son on a little field trip to Thousand Oaks to see the Los Angeles Rams.
NBA Finals are over, so naturally Paul Pierce was at Rams OTA. pic.twitter.com/1qk7T3LMBX — Lindsey Thiry (@LindseyThiry) June 14, 2017
Los Angeles Lakers NBA fans know Pierce well, both as a fellow fan, former foe and most recently – a Clipper. Their name and number will eventually hang from the rafters of the TD Garden in Boston, and their head-to-head- battles with Kobe Bryant in their heyday were epic, but their ties to L.A. are quite strong too.
Afterall, they were raised in Inglewood as a die hard Lakers fan. And Inglewood just so happens to be the future home of the Rams new state-of-the-art stadium and surrounding entertainment complex that will debut in 2020.
Pierce has been a vocal New England Patriots fan for years, riding for Tom Brady and showing up to their final game at the TD Garden dressed like this before Super Bowl LI:
Paul Pierce arrived at TD Garden in Patriots gear https://t.co/oSH9INGzcY pic.twitter.com/TuvY4Egioj — Boston.com (@BostonDotCom) February 5, 2017
Still, the Rams are an NFC team – and now that Pierce and the Rams are back in L.A., they seem like they'd be a natural fit.
A woman in Deltona, Florida, paid a water utility bill worth $493 with pennies on Monday, February 26. Dana McCool shared a number of Facebook Live videos showing them entering the Deltona Water Department and paying their bill using a small wheelbarrow load of pennies. Speaking to Storyful, McCool said they paid the bill with pennies because they think that her, along with others in their municipality, have been receiving “over-inflated water bills”. They said they have had water bills as high as $700 for a month. McCool said Delton Water Department told them that they “have a leak”. However, a plumber and a leak detector have since told McCool they don't have a leak.McCool added that they paid in pennies because they wanted to protest in a meaningful way.
NEW YORK (AP) — Hackers continue to pester HBO, but didn't release any material related to the network's hit show “Game of Thrones” in their latest leak.
The hackers, who broke into HBO's computer network and have been doling out stolen information for the past several weeks, released more unaired episodes, including several of the highly anticipated return of “Curb Your Enthusiasm,” which debuts in October.
The latest dump includes Sunday night's episode of “Insecure,” another popular show, and what appear to be episodes of other lower-profile shows, including “Ballers,” the unaired shows “Barry” and “The Deuce,” a comedy special and other programming.
The network acknowledged the hack in late July, and the thieves have been dribbling out stolen video and documents since then while demanding a multimillion-dollar ransom .
They have leaked “Game of Thrones” scripts, sensitive internal documents like job offer letters and a month's worth of emails from a programming executive. But the intrusion has so far fallen well short of the chaos inflicted on Sony when the studio was hacked in 2014.
Still, the criminals may be holding on to more damaging data — both intellectual property, like unaired programming, and sensitive personal information of HBO employees — that they can use as leverage to try to get money from HBO, said Gartner analyst Avivah Litan.
“It's kind of like kidnap and ransom and torture,” they said. “Eventually HBO may have to give in.”
In an emailed statement Sunday, HBO said it's “not going to participate” in what it described as attempts to generate attention by dropping “bits and pieces of stolen information.” The company added that it was not in communication with the hackers. It has said previously that it doesn't believe its email system as a whole was breached.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Aghori baba being served as world's famous Best Astrologer in Australia is well known the best astrology and vashikaran services has solved a thousand of cases succesfully. They also provides the best solution for your love problems, family problems, career related problems, lottery problems
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Federal Reserve is imposing more penalties on Wells Fargo, freezing the bank's growth until it can prove it has improved its internal controls. In addition, bank agreed to replace four board members.
It's the latest blow against the San Francisco bank that has had its reputation tarnished by revelations it opened phony customer accounts and sold auto insurance to customers who did not need it.
The new penalties were announced late Friday on Fed Chair Janet Yellen's last day at the central bank.
"We cannot tolerate pervasive and persistent misconduct at any bank," Yellen said in a statement. "The enforcement action we are taking today will ensure that Wells Fargo will not expand until it is able to do so safely and with the protections needed to manage all of its risks and protect its customers."
Advertisement
The Fed said it is restricting the bank's assets to the level where they stood at the end of last year until it can demonstrate that it has improved its internal controls.
The announcement came after the close of trading on Wall Street Friday. Wells Fargo's stock fell more than 6 percent in after-hours trading.
"We take this order seriously and are focused on addressing all of the Federal Reserve's concerns," CEO Timothy Sloan said.
Wells Fargo said that it is confident it will satisfy the Fed's requirements and reiterated that it remains "open for business."
The bank said it will continue to meet customer's financial needs, including saving, borrowing and investing.
It said it has the flexibility on its balance sheet to pull back from certain activities to meet the Fed's growth limits, although its exact steps have not been determined.
Sloan also emphasized that the order is related to prior issues, not any new matters.
"While there is still more work to do, we have made significant improvements over the past year to our governance and risk management that address concerns highlighted in this consent order," they said.
The company has agreed to replace three directors by April and another one by year-end. It did not specify which board members would be affected.
The Fed's new order marked the latest chapter in a series of scandals which have rocked the bank in recent years.
Wells Fargo has admitted that employees opened more than 3 million fake accounts in order to meet sales quotas. It ended up paying $185 million to regulators and settled a class-action suit for $142 million.
It also has admitted it signed up hundreds of thousands of auto loan customers for auto insurance they did not need. Some of those customers had their cars repossessed because they could not afford both the auto loan and insurance payments.
And Wells Fargo also offered refunds to customers last year after acknowledging that its mortgage bankers unfairly charged them fees to lock in interest rates on mortgages.
The Fed's action came on a 3-0 vote. Randal Quarles, who is the Fed's vice chairperson for supervision, has recused themselves from participating in matters involving Wells Fargo.
___
Skidmore Sell reported from Portland, Oregon.
BOSTON (AP) — The Boston Symphony Orchestra is returning to its seasonal home at Tanglewood.
Music director Andris Nelsons will conduct works by Mozart and Tchaikovsky as the renowned orchestra kicks off its 2018 outdoor season on Friday evening at the western Massachusetts venue.
Superstar pianist Lang Lang will play Mozart's Piano Concerto No. 24 in C minor.
This summer's season, which runs through Sept. 2, continues the BSO's yearlong homage to Leonard Bernstein.
Advertisement
The Massachusetts-born conductor and composer would have turned 100 on Aug. 25. They died in 1990 at age 72 in New York City.
Bernstein was a fixture at the annual summer music festival at Tanglewood for half a century.
Barbara Lawlor, Peak to Peak. July is the month that the lettuce, the spinach, the peas and most leaf vegetables are ready to harvest. Yellow squash begins to peek out from the under the leaves they have nested under.
For local gardeners, it is a time of triumph and in some cases, when the voles hit, when the elk show up for breakfast and when hail rips holes in the plant, it is a time of seasonal tragedy. It makes one glad they are not farmers, not depending on a mountain crop for their sustenance.
At the Nederland Community Center, the Food Bank is abundant with vegetables from its own garden, grown in the greenhouse next to the food bank space.
Each week bins of fresh produce are offered to clients who relish the summer treats. Laura Fisher of Eldora is the gardener who brings in the plants they started at their home, dozens of tomatoes of all kinds, kale, turnips, beets. All of the seeds gathered and saved from each crop to be used again next year.
Laura's garden in Eldora could feed the town. The green leafed plants are plentiful and healthy and the surrounding flower gardens make visiting the garden a respite from the restless world.
Les Karplus owns a large property in the Sherwood Road area that was ravaged by flames last year in the Cold Springs Fire. Instead of weeping at the charred mess their forest had become, they turned a tenth of an acre into a quinoa field and expects to reap at least 80 pounds of the nutritious grain.
“I started the garden last year but then the fire came through, so I took it out. It will go to seed flower and then to seed and then I'll harvest it, probably in October,” says Les.
They said they read that the United States was buying these crops from Lima and Peru and they knew people who were trying to introduce the product to US gardeners. They were given a pound of seed after the fire and a group of people came over to help rototill the soil and add manure.
“Now we are up and running. The great thing is the critters don't eat the plant. What was once a forest is now a garden and a pasture and soon to be an orchard.”
Quinoa is an ancient grain, hardier than wheat and known to do well in the mountains. Les says they wrestled for six months trying to figure out what they wanted to do with the burned forest on their property and slowly he's coming up with the answer to that question.
In town, at Salto on Wednesday afternoons, a farmer's market offers vendors of fresh organic vegetables a place to sell their produce. Todd Randall brings in vegetables from From Yard Urban Farmer located at 65th and Nelson. Last year Todd began bringing in produce, the likes of which cannot be found in grocery stores.
Krisan Christenson brought in their brilliant orange, red display of rainbow carrots and bouquets of sunflowers. They said they grow only open pollinated food, allowing them the option to save the seeds. This is their second season of bringing up crops and says they have gained a bunch of regulars and is grateful for their support.
Local resident Erin O'Brien also sells their homemade goods at Salto, including bread whose ingredients have come from people who live up here.
“My mom used to live up here and remembers there was a co-op back then, in the mid-70s. I grew up here, going to first grade at the old school, that is the community center now.”
This is Erin's fourth season to farm at their home on CR 68. They also bring in their extraordinary eggs of all colors.
And if it's flowers you are looking for, take a hike in your own backyard and wallow in Nature's garden, the wildflowers that are going crazy in the high country, up Caribou which has terrific wildflower shows every summer.
Visit these gardens and farmer's markets and talk to the people who have experimented and tested what works and what doesn't work and if you start a garden, summer will take on a whole new meaning.
(Originally published in the August 3, 2017 print edition of The Mountain-Ear.)
MADRID (AP) — Palma on the island of Mallorca plans to become the first Spanish city to prohibit the rental of apartments to tourists.
Palma mayor Antoni Noguera says Tuesday that their government will vote for the ban in a city council because "there is nothing worse than having residents who can't live in their city nor afford a rent."
Rents in Mallorca and in most Spanish cities have increased in recent years. Many residents and local lawmakers blame the price rise on internet sites and apps that allow travelers to rent apartments short-term directly from homeowners.
Noguera says that houses will be excluded from the ban, unless they are in protected areas, near airports or in industrial areas.
At 31 years of age, Antonio Cairoli is still performing at a very high-level in the FIM World Motocross Championship. Despite the tremendous success he's experienced in their career—eight world championships, 79 career wins—yesterday at Round 5 of the championship at Pietramurata may have been Cairoli's best performance yet.
On a tight circuit in front of their home fans, the Italian was using a very clever line to make their way through the pack. Prior to the uphill double, Cairoli would rail the outside berm, jump to the inside and close off any chance of a re-pass. We saw this over and over again in the second moto on Sunday, and it was the line that gave Cairoli the overall with a hard fought second place finish.
“I think this is one of my best races, best GPs ever. One of the most emotional,” Cairoli articulated afterwards. “When you crash on the first corner and you are hoping to win the GP … most people know it is almost impossible—even myself. When I crashed I was like ‘BEEP!' but slowly found the place to pass and could think about being on the box. I gave everything in the last 10 minutes."
Check it all out via Cairoli's GoPro.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ryan Sessegnon is the talk of the Championship - but will they earn a place on England's plane to the World Cup?
Players plying their trade in the second tier rarely get selected by England but Fulham whizz kid Sessegnon could be about to buck the trend.
Sessegnon, 17, has taken the Championship by storm this season and has already bagged 14 goals in 41 appearances.
Plenty of Premier League clubs are keeping tabs on the youngster, who is reportedly rated at £50million.
Manchester United, Arsenal and Spurs are among a host of clubs to be linked with Sessegnon, who broke into Fulham's first team last season.
And bookies have them down as an outside bet to gatecrash Gareth Southgate's England squad headed for Russia.
The left-sided starlet is as short at 12/1 to be on the plane with some bookmakers.
Excitement about inaugural season at The New Vic Theatre spurs sell-out for summer fundraiser
[Click here for a Noozhawk photo gallery from the event.]
An Afternoon at the Fair was the theme for an Ensemble Theatre Company of Santa Barbara fundraiser that was highlighted by the announcement of the first-ever season to be held at a new state-of-the-art venue, The New Vic Theatre.
“Today is a celebration of where Ensemble is,” executive artistic director Jonathan Fox said. “It is actually our most important fundraising event of the season.”
Nestled below Ortega Hill, Mary and Hal Coffin's beautiful Montecito Valley Ranch home again hosted the annual spring event for the fourth time. Attendees mingled and strolled around the grassy plain that had been transformed to look like a traveling carnival fairground.
“We have a long history with Ensemble Theatre and it's a wonderful organization,” Hal Coffin told Noozhawk. “We've been very supportive through the years — we're certainly not the biggest supporters that Ensemble has — but it's been lovely and it's a wonderful organization.”
A sold-out crowd of 250 guests enjoyed fresh-buttered popcorn, cotton candy, pizza, home-style lemonade and a variety of theme park treats at food stands served by a dozen local eateries, including Arlington Tavern, Bella Dolce, Country Catering, Jill's Place, Maggie's, Marmalade Café, New West Catering and Village Modern Food.
“There are wonderful foods that are modern twists on typical state fair food,” Fox said. “So we have corn dogs with pork belly, for example, a California version of Philly cheese steak, and things like that.”
Carnival games, a caricature artist, a palm reader and live entertainment enhanced the Old World fair theme chaired by Paula Yurkanis Bruice and set the mood for a fun-filled afternoon for adults and children alike.
Founded in 1979, Ensemble Theatre is Santa Barbara's only company that manages all aspects of selection, design, cast and production. It's new permanent home at 33 W. Victoria St. will provide a dedicated space to the community for performing arts, dance, ballet, lectures, music and film, all with convenient parking and proximity to restaurants and shopping.
The conversion of the 80-year-old Victoria Community Hall provides a comfortable and intimate 300-seat theater with optimal sightlines, state-of-the-art sound and flexible staging options within the growing arts district near the Arlington and The Granada theaters.
During the fundraiser, supporters, donors and special guests were treated to preview performances from the upcoming season that generated a buzz of excitement, including “The Impossible Dream” sung by Matt Wolpe and “Send in the Clowns” by Susan Ruttan.
Fox surveyed the joyous atmosphere and excitedly announced highlights for the upcoming 2013-2014 season that begins on Dec. 5 and runs through July 27, 2014, with five plays filled with suspense, humor and music.
A Little Night Music kicks off the season with a musical directed by Fox and featuring the songs of Stephen Sondheim.
Good People is a comic drama that takes place in the working-class Southie and upscale Chestnut Hill neighborhoods in Boston with humor, suspense and plot twists, running from Feb. 6-24.
Ancient stories and characters are told in Metamorphoses in another production helmed by Fox that will run from March 27 to April 13.
And, set in 1958, Red is a 2010 Tony Award winner that analyzes the artistic temperament and primal relationships between father and son, and teacher and student based around renowned painter Mark Rothko that runs from May 15 to June 1.
The inaugural New Vic season closes with the Broadway comic hit Looped that will be directed by four-time Emmy Award winner and Ensemble board member Glenn Jordan, who comes out of retirement to lead this production that runs July 10-27, 2014.
Fox eagerly anticipates the five plays for both quality and how they will work with the New Vic space.
“They're all standouts,” they said. “I just think it's a really exciting season and we're opening with a bang. And the season will really show off the new space and what we can do.”
Barbershop tunes from the Masterpiece Quartet, who are currently ranked fourth in the world in the Barbershop Harmony Society, were also part of the afternoon entertainment, which included a lively auction hosted by Geoff Green.
Live auction items included a week in a 15th-century Tudor cottage in Warwick, England; garage and pit passes for a NASCAR race in Sonoma; a party for 40 at the New Vic; and a cooking class for 12 at Village Modern Foods Kitchen Facility. Also back by popular demand were a Theatre in Your Home, a private reading of a play with Ensemble actors, a week stay at a Mexican hacienda and a walk-on role in the New Vic in which the winner will be costumed and rehearse with Fox.
The event raised $75,000 to support the 2013-2014 season and the Ensemble's youth-oriented educational Storybook Theatre, which is currently on hiatus until the spring of 2014 when exciting new children's programs will be offered at the new location.
Subscriptions to the new season are available now, ranging from $146 to $270 for a five-play series, and special youth subscription series for theatergoers aged 26 and under at only $80. Single tickets will go on sale in November. Click here for more information, or call the Ensemble Theatre box office at 805.965.5400.
The Ensemble Theatre thanks the 2013 Afternoon at the Fair sponsors:
» Red ribbon: Bridlewood Estate Winery, Ruth and Alan Heeger, Frank Schipper Construction, Missy and Chuck Sheldon and Dana White.
» White ribbon: Gail Beust, Paula and Tom Bruice, Donna and Daniel Hone, Elly and Jim Langer, Dan and Jan O'Dowd and Sybil Rosen.
» Green ribbon: Joyce and Roland Bryan, Diane and Ray Hester, Ruth and John Matuszeski, PMSM Architects and Susan and Terry Northrop.
— Noozhawk iSociety columnist Melissa Walker can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkSociety, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Become a fan of Noozhawk on Facebook.
A dazzling five-wicket haul by Dan Christian and a valuable opening batting partnership have led Hobart Hurricanes to an eight-wicket BBL win over Adelaide Strikers.
At Bellerive Oval last night the hosts were set 144 for victory and chased down the target with 14 balls to spare in a convincing result.
Openers Tim Paine (41) and D'Arcy Short (60) quickly settled into rhythm, with the latter reaching their half-century from just 33 deliveries.
They celebrated with a 101-metre six that not just cleared the boundary but went out of the ground.
Adelaide looked frustrated as they searched for a solution to slow the big- hitting duo.
"It's a pretty good strip," Strikers captain Brad Hodge said of the Bellerive pitch via on-field microphone.
Paceman Billy Stanlake (1-17) made the breakthrough, with Short caught behind in the 12th over.
From the sideline Short offered a modest assessment of their contribution.
"I just go out and try to hit the ball the best I can and see how it comes off ... it felt pretty good," they told the Ten network.
International Kumar Sangakkara (22 not out), elevated to No.3 for the Hurricanes last night, was the replacement batsman and when Paine was bowled by Travis Head (1-22) it brought George Bailey (six no) to the middle and the pair completed the challenge.
After winning the toss and telling the visitors to bat first, Hobart skipper Paine named a spin-dominated attack, but it turned out to be pace bowler Christian who did the most damage.
The allrounder finished with 5-14, their best Twenty20 figures and the second best in the history of the BBL.
The visitors' innings was a struggle and ended with the loss of five wickets for just 13 runs in the final two-and-a-half overs.
Christian took three scalps in the final over, including Hodge who top-scored for the visitors with 55.
"It's nice to get the figures tonight, the ball has been coming out well lately," Christian said.
IRELAND 4 USA 2
Ireland completed the 5 Nations tournament with comfortable 4-2 win against the USA in Malaga.
Alan Sothern, Johnny McKee, Peter Caruth and Neal Glassey all scored for Ireland, while Sean Cicchi and Aki Kaeppeler were the US goalscorers.
Ireland finished the tournament, which also featured Spain, Scotland and Canada, with three wins and one defeat.
Craig Fulton's side will return to action in March when they take part in the Azlan Shah Cup in Malaysia.
Brighton 3 West Ham 1
West Ham's week of turmoil ended with a 3-1 defeat at Brighton to plunge them back into the relegation mix.
Goals from Glenn Murray, Jose Izquierdo and Pascal Gross secured a priceless second win in 14 matches for the Seagulls to boost their chances of avoiding the drop.
Javier Hernandez was on target for West Ham, but it was a miserable end to a turbulent few days for the east London club, who had to sack their head of recruitment Tony Henry after claims they told agents they did not want to sign any more African players.
Anger and frustration towards the West Ham board from supporters is at an all-time high following the scandal, as well as an underwhelming transfer window which saw a club linked with Olivier Giroud, Michy Batshuayi and Daniel Sturridge end up with Jordan Hugill from Preston.
Indeed, the first chants of ‘sack the board' were belted out from the away end even before Murray put Brighton ahead in only the eighth minute.
The goal came after referee Roger East allowed play to continue despite Aaron Cresswell's foul on Anthony Knockaert, and Gross immediately pinged the loose ball to Murray.
The striker, who scored twice in Brighton's 3-0 dismantling of Slaven Bilic's West Ham in October, strode forward and coolly sidefooted past Adrian for their 10th goal of the season.
Amid the off-field controversy West Ham boss David Moyes is also dealing with a spate of injuries and indiscipline – Arthur Masuaku is still serving a lengthy ban for spitting and Michail Antonio was dropped in midweek for being late to a meeting.
So it is to the Scot's tremendous credit that they have, until now at least, been ekeing out the points which have been keeping West Ham at arm's length from the relegation battle.
Moyes is also starting to get a tune out of Hernandez, and it was the Mexican who started and finished the move for West Ham's equaliser, first laying the ball off to Mark Noble who in turn prodded it forward to Joao Mario just inside the area.
The Inter Milan loanee flicked the ball back to Hernandez, who brought it on to their right foot before sidestepping both Lewis Dunk and Gaeten Bong and burying a fierce drive into the top corner.
However, midway through the second half Brighton retook the lead with a bolt out of the blue from Izquierdo.
The Colombian winger collected the ball on the corner of the penalty area and, with everyone in the ground anticipating a cross, curled a stunning effort over the despairing dive of Adrian and into the top corner.
This time Moyes and West Ham had no answer and with 15 minutes left their misery was complete when Gross collected Davy Propper's pass on the edge of the box and rifled a low shot across Adrian and into the far corner.
Lys Mousset scores Bournemouth's second goal during the Premier League match against Stoke City at Vitality Stadium. Photograph: Harry Trump/Getty Images
Bournemouth 2 Stoke City 1
Substitute Lys Mousset came off the bench to score their first Premier League goal for Bournemouth as they came back from a goal down to beat Stoke City 2-1 in a pulsating clash at the Vitality Stadium.
Swiss international Xherdan Shaqiri, who had seen a shot cleared off the line by Steve Cook moments earlier, put visitors Stoke in front in the fifth minute, the diminutive winger heading home unmarked from Badou Ndiaye's cross.
Bournemouth, who hammered Chelsea 3-0 on Wednesday, upped the tempo in the second half and had plenty of chances to score, but it took until the 70th minute for Joshua King to put them back on level terms with a thumping right-foot strike.
Sensing that Stoke's resistance was wilting after King's goal, Bournemouth continued to attack and nine minutes later Mousset nodded home Jordon Ibe's free kick for the simplest of finishes to take all three points.
James Ward-Prowse of Southampton celebrates scoring their side's third goal with team-mates during the Premier League match against West Brom at The Hawthorns. Photograph: Tony Marshall/Getty Images
West Brom 2 Southampton 3
West Brom were left stuck at the bottom of the Premier League after losing 3-2 to Southampton, despite having made a fine start to the match.
It was an emotional day at the Hawthorns where there was a minute's applause before the game for their former striker Cyrille Regis, who died last month.
Egyptian defender Ahmed Hegazi headed Albion into an early lead from a corner by set-piece specialist Chris Brunt but Southampton hit back with two goals in three minutes before half-time. Gabon's Mario Lemina drove in from 20 metres and defender Jack Stephens scored their third goal in three games.
A direct free kick by James Ward-Prowse made it 3-1 and Saints held on for a first League victory in 13 games despite Salomon Rondon's 72nd-minute headed goal for the home side.
Federico Fernandez scores Swansea City's equaliser in the Premier League game against Leicester City at The King Power Stadium. Photograph: Henry Browne/Getty Images
Leicester City 1 Swansea City 1
Swansea's resurgence continued as they climbed out of the Premier League relegation zone with a 1-1 draw at Leicester, who were again without wantaway midfielder Riyad Mahrez.
All the pre-match talk was about the Algerian, who has not been seen by the club since their proposed move to Manchester City collapsed on Wednesday.
Mahrez unexpectedly missed the defeat at Everton that night and has not been at training subsequently, although their absence on Saturday was anticipated as Leicester boss Claude Puel allowed the former PFA Player of the year time to “clear their head”.
It looked like they might not be missed as Leicester played some lovely football during the first half and took the lead after 17 minutes through Jamie Vardy.
However, after Federico Fernandez headed Swansea level early in the second half, Leicester lacked the guile and craft so often provided by Mahrez to respond and had to settle for a point.
The railway track in Banteay Meanchey province over the Serei Saophoan river in the city. Photo supplied
No end date set for railway line linking Cambodia and Thailand
The Ministry of Public Works and Transport (MPWT) will hold a meeting with the Banteay Meanchey provincial governor later this week to discuss the status of a railway line linking Cambodia's capital to neighboring Thailand.
Ly Borin, a spokesperson for the transport ministry, said the meeting, to be held on Friday, will aim to determine an end date for the construction works.
“We will choose a specific date to finish the railway project after we solve problems with people who live on the train line in Banteay Meanchey province,” they said, adding that the main sticking point were relocation issues with some 50 families in the area.
The Serei Saophoan to Poipet link of the railway, which is being upgraded in phases after it was badly damaged in the civil war, began in 2009 and spans 48 kilometres.
“I still cannot say exactly when the railway line will finish. But, when the problems are solved, the construction will be completed soon after,” Borin added.
The long-delayed project pictured here in Serei Saophoan city. Photo supplied
The long-delayed 400-kilometre long project, which would eventually connect Phnom Penh to Bangkok, is part of the eastern corridor of the Singapore-Kunming Rail Link, a key link in increasing connectivity among ASEAN member states.
According to Borin, the Cambodian government is stumping up $20 million per year to repair and complete this railway project.
Chan Samleng, director of the railway department at the MPWT, said the railway link would be from Poipet to Serei Saophoan, Battambang, Pursat, and Phnom Penh. Samleng said that it only takes a few months to complete one kilometre of railway, and hoped the train link would be completed in the near future.
Cambodia and Thailand signed a memorandum of understanding on the completion of the railway in 2015, at the time hailing the project as having the ability to run trains to Singapore.
Lach Kimhong, a citizen living in Banteay Meanchey, said the train link could foster increased benefits in relation to both trade and tourism.
“I am hoping this development is completed as I have been waiting to see the completed railway since it started construction in 2009,” they added.
A police escort shot dead on Sunday a man suspected of killing a girl, 6, after they allegedly raped and stabbed the mother. The suspect allegedly grabbed the service firearm of Police Officer 3 Marlon Manalaysay while they were on board a government vehicle in front of Malolos City Hall in Barangay Poblacion. Bulacan acting police director Romeo Caramat Jr. identified the slain suspect as Joey Montesclaros, 28, a construction worker of Barangay Canalate, Malolos City. Their victims were Carolyn Marcella, 30, of Rufina Villages, Barangay San Juan, and their young daughter, who were found by their neighbors sprawled on the ground with stab wounds at about 6:30 a.m. on Sunday. Carolyn remains under observation at the hospital. Caramat said the victims were taking an early morning walk when the suspect, armed with a knife, dragged them to a vacant lot and abused the mother, then killed the young girl. Malolos City police chief Supt. Heryl Bruno said they brought Montesclaros to the hospital where Carolyn was confined and who positively identified them as the abuser. On their way back to the police station, Montesclaros grabbed Manalaysay's firearm and shot them but missed.
- As seen above, new WWE Champion Bray Wyatt received their custom title plates backstage at tonight's SmackDown.
- The dark match before tonight's WWE SmackDown in Anaheim saw Heath Slater and Rhyno defeat Tyler Breeze and Fandango.
- WWE fans voted Renee Young and WWE Intercontinental Champion Dean Ambrose as their favorite company couple in the Valentine's social media tournament that wrapped today. They beat Daniel Bryan and Brie Bella in the finals.
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
CLEVELAND (AP) — Browns safety Damarious Randall underestimated two things: the power of social media and passion of Cleveland fans.
Randall said Wednesday they never imagined that an innocent Twitter posting about the NBA Finals would blow up into a national story — and maybe something they live to regret.
A big fan of Golden State star guard Stephen Curry, Randall posted a tweet on Monday night promising that if the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Warriors in the "2018 NBA finals, I'll buy everyone who retweets this a jersey."
By Wednesday afternoon, Randall's tweet had been retweeted 869,000 times.
Advertisement
"Honestly, I didn't think it was going to get over 100," Randall said after practice. "I didn't think people were going to actually view that as a serious tweet from me. But obviously it got the whole world excited about it, and I mean now I'm actually excited about it. It is a great, great opportunity to interact with the fans and we're just going to watch the series and just see how everything folds out."
Randall, who came to the Browns in a March trade from Green Bay, said they couldn't track the number of re-tweets because their phone locked up when they tried to access their Twitter account.
"I definitely didn't think it would go as viral as it did," the 25-year-old said. "I definitely didn't think the Cleveland fan base would go this crazy about it. Obviously, it was a joke, but just to know how passionate this fan base is, I mean, it's just really encouraging."
Randall wouldn't say if they planned to pay off their promise if the Cavs win.
"We'll talk about this after the series is over," they said.
Randall is from Florida, but said they became a fan of Curry's after the shooting star made a name for themselves at Davidson College and went pro. Randall said they also like Cleveland's superstar LeBron James, but not as much as Curry.
"I am not anti-LeBron. I am actually a big LeBron fan as well, but when he's going against Steph, I would rather Steph over LeBron," they said. "But at the end of the day, I mean they are both great, great players, and I definitely respect everything that LeBron has done for this community and for this city and state.  They are one of the greatest players to ever touch a basketball if you ask me."
Browns quarterback Tyrod Taylor had some advice for Randall when it comes to picking sides and making your opinion public on social media.
"Don't hit send," they said. "Should have been smarter about the whole situation, about the tweet. Whether you feel that way or not, don't tweet it."
Coach Hue Jackson, who plans to jump into Lake Erie on Friday to make good on a promise they made when the team was going 0-16 last season, knew Randall would get some heat for their tweet.
"I think what Damarious found out is that there are a lot of passionate Cleveland fans here, and you've got to be careful about what you say," Jackson said. "I don't think they meant any harm. I think they have a love and a respect for Curry, obviously. But they found out that, 'Hey, look, in this city it's about the Cavaliers and LeBron James."
Jackson also used a comment made by James following Cleveland's win in Boston on Sunday as a teaching tool for the Browns.
"Just the other day, I was able to show them LeBron's message to the media in Game 7 when they talked about team," they said.
"I thought it was tremendous. I thought what they said about their other teammates and how they are a huge part of it and how people who have not played the game or wore shorts or been in a locker room understand what it takes to win. I thought that was sensational. I said that to our football team."
___
For more AP NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
THE insurance industry saw premium income grow by 11.1 in the first semester with all sectors posting expansions, regulators reported on Monday.
Data from the Insurance Commission showed total premium income hitting P117.29 billion for the January to June period, up from P105.52 billion in 2016.
“It should be recalled that during the first half of 2016, the insurance sector experienced a 9.11 percent decline in premium income to P105.52 billion from P116.11 billion posted during the same period in 2015,” Insurance Commissioner Dennis Funa said in a statement.
”This year, however, the insurance industry posted a positive growth in terms of premiums generated as early as the first half of the year they added.
Second quarter results were not released.
Focusing on first-half performance, Funa reported that the life sector grew premium income by 10.46 percent to P90.79 billion.
“The increase in the premium income of the life insurance sector can be attributed to the 3.05 percent and 13.69 percent growth in premiums generated from the sale of both traditional life insurance and variable life insurance, respectively,” they said.
Non-life premiums, meanwhile, increased by 12.78 percent to P22.20 billion.
“Similar to the performance in the first quarter of this year, the non-life insurance sector continues to post significant increases in terms of net premiums written in the motor car and fire lines which remain to comprise the majority of the total net premiums written,” Funa said.
The mutual benefit associations sector, meanwhile, reported total contributions of P4.29 billion, up by 18.03 percent year on year.
The insurance industry's total assets expanded by 14.78 percent as of end-June to P1.48 trillion from 1.29 trillion of the same period last year, Funa reporterd.
Total liabilities, on the other hand, stood at P1.17 trillion as of end-June, which is 13.86 percent higher than P1.03 trillion during the comparable period last year.
The industry's total net worth stood P310.74 billion as of end of the first half of 2017, up by 18.37 percent, from P262.51 billion of the same period in 2016.
Considering the significant increases in the paid-up capital of several companies, the insurance industry posted a 15.42 percent increase in total paid-up capital from P42.55 billion as of end-June 2016 to P49.10 billion this year.
Cal Poly on Friday announced a new research and resource center aimed at “preventing harm and lives lost to hazing, alcohol and drug abuse, sexual assault, hate and bias and other forms of violence on college campuses.
The center, called “With Us: The National Network for Peer Accountability” consists of “a team of experienced researchers and student affairs practitioners who are developing a national network of education and prevention partners to create safer campus communities. The center will support students and educators in prevention efforts by developing and sharing bystander intervention research, resources and education,” according to a Cal Poly statement.
The center grew out of Aware Awake Alive, a nonprofit organization aimed at preventing alcohol poisoning that was founded by Scott and Julia Starkey, whose son Carson Starkey died as a result of alcohol-related hazing at a Cal Poly fraternity in 2008.
Starkey's death drew heightened scrutiny to fraternity culture and prompted Sigma Alpha Epsilon, the fraternity Carson Starkey was attempting to join, to ban pledging for five years.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
Cal Poly said that “With Us is building its national network of education and prevention partners who are interested in joining these areas:
▪ Research: Lead and share new innovative research and program evaluations.
▪ Resources: Develop and share evidence-based bystander intervention strategies, tools and resources to support campus prevention efforts.
▪ Education: Provide training and education for students and educators to shift attitudes, develop skills and improve bystander behaviors.”
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 1:02 With more than 20,000 seals, Piedras Blancas is the largest elephant seal rookery on Earth Pause 1:56 High school students from across California compete at Cal Poly robotics tournament 0:56 Watch a timelapse and unveiling of Cal Poly's new solar farm 0:32 Sunrise to sunset: Timelapse shows a day in the life of Bishop Peak 0:40 Students in 'March Against Rape Culture' tell Cal Poly: #TimesUp 0:31 How Cal Poly engineering students made the 2018 Rose Parade float 'take flight' 0:44 Watch Cal Poly's 2018 Rose Parade Float make its way through Pasadena 0:57 Cal Poly Rose Parade float gets police escort to Pasadena 1:28 Cal Poly's huge, new equine center begins to take shape 0:48 Did you know these famous inventors graduated from the CSU? Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Students in 'March Against Rape Culture' tell Cal Poly: #TimesUp Cal Poly students gathered on the San Luis Obispo campus on Jan. 16, 2017, for a "March Against Rape Culture" as part of the #MeToo and #TimesUp movement to protest sexual harassment and assault. Joe Johnston The Tribune
Andrew Sheeler: 805-781-7934, @andrewsheeler
Shree Krishna Group is a known name in the Real Estate Sector. Shree Krishna is a Builder & Developer, who construct Residential Properties and Commercial Properties.
A self-driving Uber car hit and killed a pedestrian as they were crossing the road in the first fatality involving the controversial fleet of autonomous vehicles.
Elaine Herzberg, 49, was hit by an SUV around 10pm on Sunday in Tempe, Arizona, when they were walking their bicycle outside of a crosswalk.
They were immediately rushed to the hospital where they died from their injuries, ABC 15 reported.
Tempe Police say the SUV was in autonomous mode at the time of the crash but that a vehicle operator was also behind the wheel.
Advertisement
A vehicle goes by the scene of Sunday's fatality where a pedestrian was stuck by an Uber vehicle in autonomous mode. Photo / AP
The accident is the first time a pedestrian has been killed on a public road by an autonomous car, which has been praised as the safer alternative to a traditional car.
In a statement, an Uber spokesperson said the company is aware of the incident and is "fully cooperating with local authorities in their investigation".
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi offered their condolences to the victim's family on Twitter on Monday afternoon, and reiterated that the company will be working with local law enforcement to figure out what happened.
The ride-share service has since paused its self-driving car operations in Pittsburgh, Phoenix, San Francisco and Toronto.
Tempe Mayor Mark Mitchell released a statement on Twitter on Monday afternon in support of the halt.
They wrote: "The City of Tempe has been supportive of autonomous vehicle testing because of the innovation and promise the technology may offer in many areas, including transportation options for disabled residents.
"Testing must occur safely. All indications we have had in the past show that traffic laws are being obeyed by the companies testing here. Our city leadership and Tempe Police will pursue any and all answers to what happened in order to ensure safety moving forward.
"I support the step that Uber has taken to temporarily suspend testing in Tempe until this event is fully examined and understood. That is a responsible step to take at this time."
This is not the first time Uber has grounded its fleet of self-driving cars. In March 2017, an autonomous Volvo SUV got into accident when the other vehicle "failed to yield" while making a left turn, according to police.
"The vehicles collided causing the autonomous vehicle to roll onto its side. There were no serious injuries," Tempe police spokesperson Josie Montenegros said at the time.
Elaine Herzberg, 49 (inset), was killed after they were struck by an Uber vehicle in Arizona in the first pedestrian death via a self-autonomous car. Photo / Supplied
The only known death involving a self-driving car and a driver was when Tesla driver Joshua Brown was killed in 2016 while operating the company's Autopilot software.
However, this crash occurred only after Brown ignored repeated warnings to put their hands back on the steering wheel.
Tesla has stated that Autopilot is a driver assistance feature, not a replacement for a human driver.
The US National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and the National Transportation Safety Board said on Monday that it will be sending teams to Tempe to investigate the accident.
In a statement, the NHTSA said it is "in contact with Uber, Volvo, federal, state and local authorities regarding the incident" and will take appropriate action.
Meanwhile, other states are already taking action. California regulators ordered Uber to stop its newly launched self-driving car service in San Francisco until it gets a state permit.
In a letter obtained by The Associated Press, DMV officials wrote that Uber "must cease" deploying the cars or face unspecified legal action.
Elaine Herzberg, 49, was hit by an SUV around 10pm. Photo / via Facebook
Uber knew about the permit requirement but argued that its cars do not meet the state's definition of an "autonomous vehicle" because they require a person behind the wheel to monitor and intervene if needed.
In September, US Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao released new guidelines that permit more testing of self-driving cars and address regulation between the federal government and states.
Chao argued that self-driving technology could also improve mobility for the elderly, disabled and other restricted populations.
But the non-profit Consumer Watchdog has warned that roads are being turned "into private laboratories for robot cars with no regard for our safety."
Not much information has been released about Herzberg. However, they have been arrested six times between October 2014 and October 2015 for a number of drug charges and probation violations.
Additionally, according to their Facebook account, they have been married three times and became a mother at age 15 and again at age 18.
Adele made an appearance at Grenfell Tower on Wednesday evening, less than 24 hours after a horrific blaze devastated the building, killing residents and injuring hundreds of others.
The fire swept through the 27-storey tower block in just 15 minutes after a faulty fridge exploded, in what could be one of the worst in British history amid fears nobody on its top three floors survived.
Tottenham-native Adele made a quiet appearance at the vigil being held to support victims and survivors, as a number of Twitter users shared images of the star at the scene where they were emotional and reportedly "hugged and comforted" victims, the Daily Mail reports.
× Smoke billows from a fire that engulfed the 24-storey Grenfell Tower in west London. Photo / AP Smoke billows from a fire that engulfed the 24-storey Grenfell Tower in west London. Photo / AP
Twelve people are known to have died after fire engulfed Grenfell Tower in West London after 1am - but Scotland Yard expects the death toll to rise and some claim the actual number could be over 50.
With a number of stars donating to the victim support fund and promoting the services offered to those affected, Adele is in a minority in actually heading to the site to support those present.
Advertisement
One Adele fan account claimed the star was offering support to those in need, penning: "Adele was going around and hugging everyone they could to comfort them".
Other Twitter users who discovered Adele's attendance tweeted: "I'm so proud stanning a humble & genuine human being like you. I love you so much, queen Adele."
"The fact that Adele has gone to Grenfell tower and not said a word about it just proves how amazingly sincere they are... Adele is an angel, they deserve heaven, the biggest heart ever, so proud of her."
× Fire engulfed the Grenfell Tower in West London. Photo / AP Fire engulfed the Grenfell Tower in West London. Photo / AP
In March, Adele lamented not being in their hometown following the terror attack in Westminster which saw five people killed and 40 injured, when a rampaging terrorist fatally stabbed a police officer before being shot dead by guards.
Performing in Auckland at the time, they said: "Today there was a terror attack in my hometown of London. I'm literally on the other side of the world and I want them to see our lights and to hear us.
"It's very strange not being home, all I want to do today is be at home with my friends and family. All of them are fine but there are four people the death count was four at the time who aren't fine so let's dedicate this to them tonight."
× Rita Ora grew up a stone's throw away from White City, where the blaze took place. Photo / AP Rita Ora grew up a stone's throw away from White City, where the blaze took place. Photo / AP
Other stars throwing support behind the Grenfell Tower fire victims included Rita Ora who sent prayers to the victims of the horror blaze in the tower block, which they revealed was one of their childhood hangouts.
The 25-year-old How We Do singer took to Instagram just hours after the tragedy to extend their wishes to the residents of Grenfell Tower.
As they shared an image of the burning tower with details of how to help emblazoned over the top, they added a caption in which they lamented the disaster that hit their beloved west London in the early hours.
Shocked and devastated to hear this terrible news. My heart goes out to everyone affected by this horrific tragedy in west London pic.twitter.com/0pqT6WZBvU — Rita Ora (@RitaOra) June 14, 2017
Rita was born in Kosovo before their parents - a psychiatrist mother and pub landlord father - fled the country and moved to the UK when Rita was just 1.
They have always been proud of their London roots, growing up around Earls Court, before later moving to Kensal Rise - a stone's throw away from White City, where the blaze took place.
As they shared a snap detailing the locations members of the public could donate, they added a caption reading: "This is my neighbourhood I can't believe this is happening.
"My prayers are with everybody involved my heart is beating so fast. I used to play in that block - I want to do all I can do to help."
Previously speaking to the Evening Standard about their childhood, Rita said: "We lived in Earls Court, on the Old Brompton Road. One room for all four of us, my sister annoying me by doing their times tables when I was trying to sleep."
× A firefighter checks damage in the Grenfell Tower. Photo / AP A firefighter checks damage in the Grenfell Tower. Photo / AP
On Wednesday bodies were strewn through the charred Grenfell block including in its lobby and undertakers were seen removing the dead in a delicate and treacherous recovery operation set to last several days.
A series of blunders are being blamed for the disaster with residents claiming there were no working fire alarms, no sprinklers and the only staircase leading to safety was blocked.
A community leader working to locate victims, who asked not to be named, believes nobody who lived on the top three residential floors survived and the building that was home to 600 people could soon collapse.
They said: "We have a list of missing people - there are so many. It's possible there are more than 50, possibly hundreds."
Those who managed to flee said it was "like hell on earth" inside as they scrambled over dead bodies and petrified residents were seen throwing themselves and their children out of windows to avoid being burned to death - others made ropes by tying bed sheets together or used them as makeshift parachutes and jumped.
September 22, 1927 - September 19, 2017
Mass of Christian Burial will be 10:00 a.m., Saturday, September 23, 2017 at Saints Peter & Paul Catholic Church in Richmond, MN for Kenneth A. Hammer, age 89, who died Tuesday at Cherrywood Assisted Living Center. Burial will be in the St. Margaret's Cemetery in Lake Henry.
Relatives and friends may call from 4:00 – 8:00 pm., Friday at the Wenner Funeral Home in Richmond. Visitation will continue from 9:00 – 9:30 a.m. Saturday morning at the funeral home.
Kenneth was born in Lake Henry, MN to Alois and Margaret (Stockard) Hammer. They married Florentine Wenker on July 26, 1969 in St. Margaret's Church, Lake Henry. Kenneth served as a Corporal in the U.S. Army from January 7, 1953 – January 6, 1955. They were a dairy and grain farmer in Lake Henry. Kenneth enjoyed fishing, carpentry, remodeling, building, watching baseball and especially enjoyed spending time with their grandchildren and family.
Survivors include their wife, Florentine; children, David (Kathleen), Jeffrey (Amy), Michael (Heather); brother, Robert (Mary), and 7 grandchildren.
PANMUNJOM, South Korea (AP) — The White House displayed a tough and unyielding approach to North Korea and its nuclear ambitions Monday, with President Donald Trump warning that Kim Jong-un has “gotta behave” and Vice President Mike Pence sternly advising Kim not to test America's resolve and military power.
Trump, in Washington, and Pence at the tense Demilitarized Zone between North and South Korea, signaled a forceful U.S. stance on North Korea's recent actions and threats. But no one was predicting what might come next.
Behind the heated rhetoric, in fact, Trump's strategy in the region looks somewhat similar to predecessor Barack Obama's — albeit with the added unpredictability of a new president who has shown he's willing to use force.
Pence, inspecting the DMZ, warned Pyongyang that after years of testing the U.S. and South Korea with its nuclear ambitions, “the era of strategic patience is over.” Appearing later with South Korea's acting president, Hwang Kyo-ahn, the vice president pointed to Trump's recent military actions in Syria and Afghanistan as signs that the new administration would not shrink from acting against the North.
“North Korea would do well not to test their resolve — or the strength of the armed forces of the United States in this region,” Pence said at the start of a 10-day trip to Asia.
Pence's remarks also came with hope for a diplomatic path. Washington, they said, was looking for security “through peaceable means, through negotiations.”
In the meantime, North Korea's deputy U.N. ambassador accused the United States of turning the Korean peninsula into “the world's biggest hotspot” and creating “a dangerous situation in which a thermonuclear war may break out at any moment.”
Kim In Ryong told a news conference Monday that U.S.-South Korean military exercises being staged now are the largest-ever “aggressive war drill.” They said North Korea's measures to bolster its nuclear forces are self-defensive “to cope with the U.S. vicious nuclear threat and blackmail,” and they said their country “is ready to react to any mode of war desired by the U.S.”
America's implied threat of force isn't new, nor is hope for engagement. Previous presidents have repeatedly left all options on the table while trying to enlist China's help to pressure North Korea to pursue diplomatic solutions. The Trump administration has labeled this policy “maximum pressure and engagement,” although officials acknowledge there is no current engagement with Pyongyang.
Until recently, it has been Trump's confrontational tone that has drawn attention rather than their action. But then they ordered the unilateral missile strike against Syria, even after dismissing talk of deeper U.S. involvement in that nation's civil war.
“There is both greater unpredictability and decisiveness from President Trump,” said Victor Cha, the director of Asian Studies at Georgetown University and a former adviser to President George W. Bush. Cha noted Pence's reference to “strategic patience,” an Obama administration strategy in which diplomatic and economic pressure from sanctions were given time to change the North's behavior.
“Strategic patience signaled indecision and predictability — not a good combination in Trump's eyes,” Cha said.
The White House did not offer a sense of when Trump's patience might run out.
“I don't think that you're going to see the president drawing red lines in the sand, but I think that the action that they took in Syria shows that, when appropriate, this president will take decisive action,” White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said.
North Korea's latest missile test fizzled over the weekend, but its weapons development has appeared to make steady progress in recent years. The North conducted two nuclear test explosions and 24 ballistic missile tests in 2016, and experts predict it could have a nuclear-tipped missile capable of reaching the U.S. mainland within a few years.
Pence said after meeting with South Korea's acting president that the U.S. and its allies have attempted to “peacefully dismantle North Korea's nuclear program” for more than two decades. “But at every step of the way, North Korea answered our overtures with willful deception, broken promises and nuclear and missile tests.”
Former President Obama, too, tried to persuade China to use its influence over Pyongyang.
It remains unclear the extent to which China might step up. Trump and their advisers have pointed to Beijing's move to restrict coal imports from North Korea as a sign Beijing is listening, and the U.S. says China has turned back some shipments in recent days. But some of those restrictions merely put in place U.N. sanctions passed last year with China's support — before Trump took office.
In a phone call with reporters Monday, Susan Thornton, the acting assistant secretary of state for East Asia and Pacific Affairs, said the president has “made clear to the Chinese that they should view North Korea as a liability, not as an asset, and that this is an urgent global threat that must be addressed by all peace-loving nations, but especially by China, when they have so much leverage.”
“We've seen some tangible indications that they're working toward this end, but it's still quite early,” they said.
Trump themselves appeared to reinforce the stern U.S. message at the White House, replying “Gotta behave” when a CNN reporter asked what message they had for North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
China also made a plea for a return to negotiations, with Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang saying Beijing wants to resume the talks that ended in stalemate in 2009. They suggested that U.S. plans to deploy a missile defense system in South Korea were damaging its relations with China.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
OKLAHOMA CITY police say the death of a 1-month-old girl who was taken to a hospital with a severe head injury is considered a homicide.
Sgt. Gary Knight says Willow Rose Shelton died Thursday at the University of Oklahoma Children's Hospital.
Knight says the girl was taken to the hospital Jan. 25 with the head injury. The infant was born on Jan. 3.
Knight says there have been no arrests and that investigators are still trying to determine where the child was and who was caring for them when they were injured.
The actor returned to Twitter on Wednesday to reject accusations they are racist.
Roseanne Barr has hit out at accusations they are racist as they claimed to be examining them options.
The TV star saw their show, Roseanne, cancelled on Tuesday and networks airing reruns pulled them from the schedule after they compared a former White House aide to an ape on Twitter.
They have apologised for the offensive tweet about Valerie Jarrett and said they had taken sleeping pills prior to sending the message.
Barr returned to Twitter on Wednesday to reject accusations they are racist and is considering fighting back.
I'm not a racist, I never was & I never will be. One stupid joke in a lifetime of fighting 4 civil rights 4 all minorities, against networks, studios, at the expense of my nervous system/family/wealth will NEVER b taken from me. — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
They wrote: “I'm not a racist, I never was & I never will be.
“One stupid joke in a lifetime of fighting 4 civil rights 4 all minorities, against networks, studios, at the expense of my nervous system/family/wealth will NEVER b taken from me.”
you guys make me feel like fighting back. I will examine all of my options carefully and get back to U. — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
In a second post they tweeted: “You guys make me feel like fighting back. I will examine all of my options carefully and get back to U.”
Earlier on Wednesday, President Donald Trump had waded into the row while the pharmaceutical company which makes Barr's brand of sleeping pill said “racism is not a known side effect”.
Mr Trump had hit out at Bob Iger, chief executive of Disney, who own ABC.
They wrote on Twitter: “Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let them know that ‘ABC does not tolerate comments like those' made by Roseanne Barr.”
Barr served as a star and executive producer on the ABC show, which was a ratings phenomenon when it returned to US television earlier this year for a 10th series, after its original run came to an end in May 1997.
The 65-year-old actor and their co-star John Goodman reportedly earned about 250,000 dollars (£190,000) per episode, according to Variety.
Snuggle up this weekend and binge season 10 of #Roseanne! You know you weren't going to be productive, anyway. pic.twitter.com/llT142nHuq — Roseanne on ABC (@RoseanneOnABC) May 27, 2018
They earned about 21 million dollars (£16 million) for acting, directing and producing the nine episodes of the new series, Slate reported.
The return was watched by an estimated 18.4 million viewers in the US and Mr Trump phoned Barr to congratulate them on the success.
Thanks for joining us this season! All-new episodes of #Roseanne return this fall! pic.twitter.com/Y6ZP9nr2rF — Roseanne on ABC (@RoseanneOnABC) May 23, 2018
Barr has apologised to their colleagues who lost their jobs after they sent a now-deleted tweet referring to former Barack Obama adviser Ms Jarrett as a product of the Muslim Brotherhood and the Planet Of The Apes.
Responding to a fan on Twitter, they said they believed the show was axed because of a threatened boycott of the show's advertisers.
i heard it was bc of a threatened boycott of the show's advertisers by ppl who do that sort of thing. — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
They also addressed fans, writing: “hey guys, don't defend me, it's sweet of you 2 try, but…losing my show is 0 compared 2 being labelled a racist over one tweet-that I regret even more.”
hey guys, don't defend me, it's sweet of you 2 try, but…losing my show is 0 compared 2 being labelled a racist over one tweet-that I regret even more. — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
They added: “Guys I did something unforgiveable so do not defend me. It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting-it was memorial day too-i went 2 far & do not want it defended-it was egregious Indefensible. I made a mistake I wish I hadn't but…don't defend it please. ty.”
They added: “Please don't start all of that boycott abc stuff-I'm not a censor and they have the right to do what they wish. It' all ok. thanks tho guys!
“I'm sorry 4 my tweet, AND I will also defend myself as well as talk to my followers. so, go away if u don't like it. I will handle my sadness the way I want to. I'm tired of being attacked & belittled more than other comedians who have said worse.
“I think Joe Rogan is right about ambien. Not giving excuses for what I did(tweeted) but I've done weird stuff while on ambien-cracked eggs on the wall at 2am etc.”
Barr has previously apologised to Ms Jarrett, writing: “I want to apologize to you. I am very sorry to have hurt you. I hope you can accept this sincere apology!”
Apologising to colleagues on Roseanne who lost their jobs following the show's cancellation, they wrote: “Don't feel sorry for me, guys!!-I just want to apologize to the hundreds of people,and wonderful writers (all liberal) and talented actors who lost their jobs on my show due to my stupid tweet.”
Barr also revealed they would be appearing on US comedian Joe Rogan's podcast on Friday.
Ms Jarrett is yet to respond to Barr's apology on Twitter, only tweeting a response to actor Julia Louis-Dreyfus, who had shared a selfie of the two of them.
Earlier, speaking on MSNBC, they said: “I'm fine. I'm worried about the people out there who don't have a circle of friends and followers who come right to their defence.”
© Press Association 2018
5 things the iPad Pro needs instead of skinnier bezels
After another disappointing quarter, it's clear that the iPad Pro hasn't reversed the trend of flagging sales, and it's time for Apple to shake things up.
While the iPad has certainly matured since its humble beginnings, it still has many of the same shortcomings it did at its debut in 2010. Even with productivity-minded accessories like the Smart Keyboard and Apple Pencil, the iPad is still a far cry from the super computer Apple's new tagline would have you believe it is. And you only need to look at the latest sales figures to see that people aren't into it as much as they once were.
Of course, Apple isn't resting on its laurels. According to oft-accurate analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, on the docket for this year is a 10.5-inch model with super-skinny bezels, pushing the 9.7-inch model to low-cost status and presumably killing off the iPad mini altogether. A move to a larger lineup would further solidify Apple's move to make the iPad more Mac than iPhone, but a third Pro model, however pretty it may be, won't be enough on its own to elevate the iPad to true professional status. If Apple wants to make the iPad the device that will one day replace the Mac as our go-to productivity tool, it needs to make some changes to the way we use it, not just how it looks.
OS excitement
Back when the iPad launched, the operating system it ran was actually called iPhone OS. It would become iOS a few months later, but the new name didn't change the fact that the iPad's underlying system was made for a smartphone.
There was a time when the icon grid on the iPad was useful, but it's time to use the home screen for better things.
You can point to Split View, Slide Over, and Picture in Picture as ways that Apple has improved multitasking on its tablet, but for the most part, iOS on the iPad is still an upscaled version of the same OS on the iPhone. Apple has done a fine job with tacking on tablet-centric features to iOS, but it might be time for a ground-up redesign of the entire experience.
Getting rid of the icon grid would be a good start, but it's more than just aesthetics. The iPad screen presents a unique opportunity for Apple to reimagine the desktop OS without needing to reinvent the wheel. Maybe add functional widgets to the home screen, like a notepad or a calculator for quick tasks that don't require a full-screen app. Or a quicker app switcher designed to take advantage of the larger screen. The iPad has grown far beyond its humble roots, and there's no reason it still needs to run an OS that's primarily made for a smartphone.
1 2 3 Next Page
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
You wouldn't normally find the two of us appearing in print together. We've spent the last seven weeks campaigning on opposites sides in a general election campaign after all.
We're also mayors of city regions that have enjoyed a history of friendly rivalry. The capital and the West Midlands both have their fair share of claims to fame.
We all love our football. London teams may have the upper hand at the moment, but let's not forget that association football was born in the West Midlands and that Chelsea and Aston Villa are neck and neck on league championship titles!
We love our food too. For London's Brick Lane (or Tooting High Street!) read Sparkbrook or Lye.
So while we may disagree over some things when it comes to politics and we will always fight to promote the attractions of our respective city regions, there are always things we can agree about.
For a start, we're both incredibly fortunate to be working on behalf of the citizens of two of the greatest city regions in the world.
Where are the Great Get Together events in Birmingham this weekend
Both are defined by their diversity of food, religions, languages and cultures. Both are capable of showing how people from different backgrounds and cultures can live, work and thrive alongside each other.
Like the rest of the country, the West Midlands stood in solidarity with London – and with Manchester – in the wake of the recent terrorist attacks that sought to divide our communities.
Together we emerged stronger.
It's in this spirit of community and solidarity that people across London and the West Midlands will be taking part in The Great Get Together this weekend.
The event is being held to commemorate the anniversary of Jo Cox's murder by a far right extremist. Then, just as now, the country came together to reject the actions of those who try to turn us against each other.
This weekend almost 120,000 events are planned across the country to celebrate Jo's belief that ‘we have more in common than that which divides us'. As you'll see some of the most exciting events are taking place in our two cities.
Birmingham politicians pay tribute to murdered MP Jo Cox, the 'brave giant' shot in the street
Doves For Jo will be the centre piece of an event at Birmingham Cathedral. The Olympic Park in London will host a huge finale to the weekend.
Across the UK faith groups will be holding inclusive community events and praying together.
So as two mayors from rival parties we're more than happy to join forces in urging all Londoners and West Midlanders to join in and get involved. If you feel inspired to organise something of your own, there's still time and lots of ideas on how to do it on the Great Get Together website .
Alternatively, you can find out what's going on near you and head along.
And, if you're stuck for things to talk about? Here's a conversation starter: despite our rivalries, what do the people of the West Midlands and London have in common?
An influential global body has upgraded its forecasts for UK economic performance, but warned of continuing “high uncertainties” over the outcome of Brexit.
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development's twice-yearly Economic Outlook report found that economic growth remains “modest” in the UK, compared with other major economies.
It warned that the Government must stand ready to ease up on austerity measures if growth weakens significantly in the run-up to the UK's withdrawal from the EU.
Brexit negotiations should aim to “preserve open trade with the European Union and high access for financial services to EU markets”, said the report.
After Bank of England Governor Mark Carney held back from expected hikes in interest rates, the OECD said that the historically low rates in place since the financial crash of 2008 can be expected to return to “normal” levels only at a “very gradual pace”.
The May 2018 Economic Outlook projected GDP growth of 1.4% in the UK this year - up from 1.2% in its November 2017 forecast.
Growth in 2019 was also nudged up from 1.1% six months ago to 1.3% now.
But the UK continues to lag behind most major economies, with world economic growth forecast at 3.8% this year and 3.9% in 2019.
Projected growth in the eurozone remains above 2% and in the US at about 3% in both years, with only Italy and Japan slated to underperform the UK.
The report said that “modest” UK growth was due to “high uncertainties about the outcome of Brexit negotiations”.
Belt-tightening steps planned by the Government for 2018 and 2019 were judged to remain “appropriate” in the economic circumstances.
VoIP has matured and paved the way for unified communication that is so necessary for enterprises and Ecosmob solution helps telecom service providers leverage their VoIP service to bring in value addition.
Ecosmob, a global VoIP development leader serving telecom industries and carriers, announced the launch of unified communication solution for such service providers. Describing it as a natural progression of things, a representative went on to say that VoIP has matured and telecom services show a healthy growth in this segment with a large number of adopters. This has paved the way for the next logical service provisioning which is unified communication that leverages existing VoIP setups.
“Our unified communication solution builds on the VoIP solution that we offer to telecom carriers and VoIP service providers. Ever thoughtful of our clients and the need to show them ways to increase revenue streams, we have worked on and have come up with unified communication that is so indispensable for businesses to deliver customer satisfaction in today's environments. VoIP mainly offers internet voice communications but unified communication or UC goes a step further in empowering communication over various channels through a single dashboard,” they elaborated.
They went on to say that VoIP service providers and carriers who already have an established client base of enterprises can now bring in additional revenue streams by offering UC as add-on or upgrades. UC will layer voice mail, fax, email and SMS as well as other channels of communications over VoIP in a seamlessly integrated way with control through a simple dashboard. Businesses are going in for UC in a big way and this is the right time for carriers and VoIP service providers to jump in and take advantage of the demand. UC offering works in two ways. Service providers can provide UC as an attractive add-on to existing VoIP customers. They can offer UC to enterprises that need this solution and, at the same time, benefit by also including VoIP since UC is layered on VoIP and this gives the service providers double benefit.
UC implementation does involve effort and time, they continued and for that, Ecosmob, the best unified communication solution providers, will give total support by way of customization, white labeling, installation and setup and even training where necessary so that VoIP service providers can convert inquiries and have satisfied customers. As in its other offerings, Ecosmob unified communication solution is advanced, leverages the power of open technologies and is developed from the customer perspective, which features give it a head start. Implementing unified communication is generally believed to be expensive but Ecosmob solution and package is designed to be affordable, even for small businesses, which should help VoIP service providers rope in more customers.
Ecosmob welcomes inquiries from global VoIP service providers for its Unified Communication offering. They may be contacted on phone 91 79 40054019, 1-303-997-3139, email sales@ecosmob.com or via website https:/www.ecosmob.com.
The mistreatment of the Windrush generation by the British authorities is “raising anxieties” among EU citizens hoping to settle in the UK, a group of MEPs told British officials in Brussels on Tuesday.
The delegation, led by the European Parliament's Brexit co-ordinator, Guy Verhofstadt, met officials from the Home Office at prime minister Theresa May's instigation to outline concerns they have about transition and post-Brexit arrangements for EU citizens who wish to live in the UK.
Members of the parliament's Brexit steering group and MEPs from five committees in charge of citizens' rights were also on the delegation.
The parliament has been concerned for some time about the provisions on citizens' rights set out in the Withdrawal Agreement between the EU and UK, and particularly about the difficulties involved in applying for residence.
Because the UK has agreed to maintain the Common Travel Area with Ireland and Irish citizens do not – and will not – have to apply for residency, the issue is not of immediate concern in Ireland.
Mr Verhofstadt said they told the Home Office it was crucial the system was “easy, smooth and cost-free”. They said the EU27 would reciprocate with UK citizens who wished to live in the EU.
Special provisions
The MEPs, they said, wanted a system of “registration, not application” to ensure that those moving to the UK did not have to wait for ages for clearance from the authorities. They said they were concerned that the introduction of new online “app” application forms, although simpler, should not become insuperable problems for the “vulnerable” who found technology difficult to deal with. Special provisions should be made, they said.
Moreover, the system should be simplified so that only one file or application per family was required.
“It remains a priority for the European Parliament to ensure that citizens, whether UK citizens in the EU or EU citizens in the UK, can continue to lead their lives as they do now, which was also the promise made by those campaigning for Brexit,” Mr Verhofstadt said.
“The treatment of the Windrush generation under UK immigration law has unfortunately created renewed anxiety among EU citizens in the UK and shows why we have to get this right. The European Parliament will closely scrutinise developments and work to ensure sufficient guarantees are in place to avoid the repetition of such a situation for EU citizens.”
The British government has been mired in controversy in recent days over its treatment of the Windrush generation, Caribbean immigrants who have lived legally in Britain for decades and have wrongly been labelled illegal immigrants because of trouble documenting their status.
Coleraine 4 Institute 0
Coleraine secured their place in the last eight of the Tennent's Irish Cup with a routine win over Championship leaders Institute.
The Bannsiders surged into a 3-0 lead inside the first 18 minutes thanks to goals from Jamie McGonigle, Eoin Bradley and an own goal from Dean Curry.
McGonigle added a second eight minutes after the restart to set up a quarter final clash with Glentoran.
The last time these two sides met in the Irish Cup was ten years ago with the Bannsiders progressing after a replay.
The visitors suffered a blow before the game as goalkeeper Marty Gallagher was ruled out through injury which meant a start for 19-year-old Gareth Muldoon.
And the young stopper got off to the worst possible start as they conceded inside four minutes.
Lyndon Kane picked out the run of McGonigle, who coolly slotted past Muldoon for their 15th of the season.
The visitors hit back as Aaron Jarvis fizzed a shot past the upright after Gareth Brown had teed them up.
Paddy McLaughlin's side were hit with a double whammy with two goals inside a minute.
Firstly the unfortunate Curry glanced Josh Carson's free kick into their own net, and 60 seconds later Bradley ran clear before producing a sublime chip over Muldoon for the third.
Caoimhan Bonner couldn't direct their back post header on target five minutes before the break, while at the other end Muldoon produced a good save to deny McGonigle.
Chris Johns had to be alert to produce a great block to deny Ronan Wilson right on half time after a great through ball by Aaron Harkin.
The Bannsiders all but wrapped up the tie eight minutes into the second half as McGonigle showed great strength before beating Muldoon again.
Bradley went close to grabbing their brace three minutes later, but their shot from a tight angle flashed across the face of goal.
'Stute boss McLaughlin emptied their bench, and one substitute, Sean McCarron, saw an effort deflected wide of the target on 62 minutes.
McGonigle should have collected the match ball on 69 minutes as they found themselves one-on-one with Muldoon, but the young keeper denied them their hat-trick.
Sheldon Woods almost grabbed a goal on their Irish Cup debut after fellow substitute Ian Parkhill had picked them out in the box on 81 minutes, but they couldn't get the ball out from under their feet.
McCarron went close again on 85 minutes as their shot clipped off the top of the bar.
When Mark Zuckerberg was a 19-year-old they had a conversation with a friend they must surely regret today.
Talking over an online instant messenger service on their Harvard campus, Zuckerberg expressed disbelief at the fact other students were handing over their personal information to be a part of the campus-wide social media site they had created.
Fourteen years later, their words are coming back to bite him. Here's what they said.
Zuckerberg: Yeah so if you ever need info about anyone at Harvard ... Just ask.
Advertisement
Friend: What? How'd you manage that one?
Zuckerberg: People just submitted it.
Zuckerberg: I don't know why.
Zuckerberg: They "trust me"
Zuckerberg: Dumb f***s.
To be fair, they could've been joking or showing off to their mate and this was many years before Facebook turned into the social media juggernaut it is today with 2.2 billion users and an imperative to behave ethically.
But it also shows that perhaps the Facebook founder was always relatively unconcerned about the privacy rights of their users. At least from very early on they understood the power of owning their personal information.
The company has routinely come under fire for how it uses people's data, and who it shares it with. But the latest scandal involving a shadowy company that pinched Facebook user data to help it design software to influence elections has given the company its biggest black eye yet.
British data analysis firm Cambridge Analytica has been accused of harvesting the data of some 50 million Facebook users' profiles without their knowledge to help it design software to predict and influence voters' choices at the ballot box.
The firm, which is owned by hedge fund billionaire Robert Mercer, says it can analyse consumer data — including social media and its own polling — in order to target people with marketing material.
The company's antics were reportedly used, and believed to have been highly effective, in the election of Donald Trump and the successful Brexit vote.
The inner workings of the company were revealed this week by Christopher Wylie, a Canadian data analytics specialist and whistleblower who created the company's system but has now spoken out against it.
"We exploited Facebook to harvest millions of people's profiles. And built models to exploit what we knew about them and target their inner demons," they told London's Observer.
SO WHAT ROLE DID FACEBOOK PLAY?
Facebook was not directly involved in Cambridge Analytica's shadowy games of influence but its lax approach to user privacy made it possible.
A majority of reports this week referred to the firm's dubious use of Facebook user data as a "data breach" but while it was against the company's rules, that moniker is hardly accurate.
In 2014 researcher Dr Aleksandr Kogan created an app that asked users to take a personality test for academic research purposes. About 270,000 people agreed but due to Facebook's terms of service the app was also able to collect data of their friends. This gave the Dr Kogan the raw information of more than 50 million people, which they later handed to Cambridge Analytica.
It's not exactly what Facebook wanted but a scenario it eagerly helped create and did little to prevent, despite the company's assurances that "protecting people's information is at the heart of everything we do."
In a since deleted tweet, Facebook's chief security officer Alex Stamos wrote: "It is incorrect to call this a 'breach' under any reasonable definition of the term."
It was not a breach or a hack but rather an inevitable outcome of what's become known as surveillance capitalism — the term used to describe the data-hungry business model of big tech firms like Facebook, Google and Amazon.
THE $50 BILLION BACKLASH
As consumers become increasingly aware of the extent Facebook (and other major tech companies) harvest and use their data, there has been a growing unease among users.
And the latest scandal appears to be a tipping point for the social media company which is desperately trying to reassure the public as well as government regulators about its practices.
In the wake of the Cambridge Analytica revelations, #DeleteFacebook began trending on Twitter as users vowed to leave the social media network behind.
The blip in the company's meteoric share price rise since going public. Photo / Supplied
This morning TechCrunch published a scathing article with the same hashtag as its title.
"Facebook is using us. It is actively giving away our information. It is creating an echo chamber in the name of connection. It surfaces the divisive and destroys the real reason we began using social media in the first place — human connection," the article said.
"It is a cancer."
Finally deleted my @facebook account. If you're angry about what facebook has done with our data then just #deletefacebook We all moved on from MySpace we can move on from facebook too. Remember we aren't the customers we are the product #CambridgeAnalytica — Eric (@ecarpen) March 17, 2018
That day you realize you can and should live without @facebook #DeleteFacebook — dp ⛵️ (@mrpestle) March 17, 2018
The company's share price has fallen on the heightened anti-Facebook sentiment dropping nearly 7 per cent in trading on Monday in the US.
The 6.8 per cent drop lopped nearly US$40 billion ($55 billion) off Facebook's market value, and according to CNBC, personally costing its founder and CEO nearly US$8 billion ($11 billion) in value.
Meanwhile, at least one tech investor is calling for Facebook's COO Sheryl Sandberg to take over from the 33-year-old Zuckerberg at the helm of the company.
Politicians in the US, Britain and Europe have called for investigations into the Cambridge Analytica revelations.
Meanwhile, Australian authorities have also signalled they might investigate if data analytics companies used harvested Facebook data illegally to affect elections as part of the ACCC's review into Facebook and Google's use of consumer data.
Since the latest drama, both Australian parties have worked to distance themselves from the British data firm despite the fact that a group of Liberal Party politicians met with an executive from Cambridge Analytica in early 2017.
The latest bit of scrutiny presents a fresh threat to Facebook's reputation, which is already under attack in the United States over Russia's alleged use of Facebook tools to sway voters with divisive and false news posts before and after the 2016 US presidential election.
"The lid is being opened on the black box of Facebook's data practices, and the picture is not pretty," said Frank Pasquale, a University of Maryland law professor who has written about Silicon Valley's use of data.
Facebook said overnight that it had hired digital forensics firm Stroz Friedberg to carry out a comprehensive audit of Cambridge Analytica, which had agreed to comply and give the forensics firm complete access to their servers and systems.
Cambridge Analytica said it strongly denies the media claims, and that it deleted all Facebook data it obtained from a third-party app in 2014 after learning the information did not adhere to data protection rules.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gary Rowett has revealed how Derby County thought they had landed Everton winger Ademola Lookman on loan only to miss out just hours before the transfer window closed.
Everton had wanted Lookman to join Derby but the 20-year-old signed for German Bundesliga side RB Leipzig.
"I spoke to the player and we'd agreed everything with Everton," Rowett said.
"The only reason I mention Lookman is because it has been well-documented. I think Sam (Everton manager Sam Allardyce) has said that their preference was for the player to come to ourselves, but the preference of the agent and the player was to go to Red Bull, which you can understand because it is obviously a very good club in the top four of the Bundesliga.
"The transfer window in Germany closed at 6pm our time and at about 7pm we were lead to believe it (Lookman's move to RB Leipzig) hadn't gone through in time and so there was still an opportunity but we then heard at about 7.30pm that wasn't to be.
"That is the type of player we tried to bring in, and there were other players mentioned that we had a little chase at but were probably far too expensive for our liking."
Allardyce, who had said Lookman would not be leaving Everton on loan just two days prior to their departure, says it was the winger's "stubbornness" that forced the move.
"It's one of the most unusual situations I've been in," Allardyce said. "Where we've got some deals for them but they (Lookman) is adamant they choose Germany, but it's their choice so we let them go where they wanted to."
Rowett said the Lookman situation is a snap-shot of how things work on deadline day.
"You can feel you have done a deal, you can think you have got a deal in the bag and push hard to make it happen, and then at 7.30pm with only three and a half hours left before the window closes you find out it hasn't come to fruition and have to react very quickly," said Rowett.
"The reality is you then have to start looking at other targets, but with three and a half hours left it becomes incredibly frantic.
"The common conception is always why are we trying to do that at 8pm at night but the reality is the market does not allow you to do anything else.
"Everybody waits, everybody jostles. For the likes of Manchester City to supposedly put in a bid of £65m for Mahrez late on the day tells you that everybody is in the same boat. You cannot avoid the last-minute nature because that is when everybody feels they are going to get the best value, I suppose."
Derby signed attacking midfielder Kasey Palmer on loan from Chelsea late on deadline day.
"We would have done the Kasey deal anyway, they were on their way up here at that time," Rowett added.
"Kasey was one of the players on our list, we were chasing two or three different types of players."
India Online Fashion Market to 2021 – Elevating Sales in Tier II and Tier III Cities is expected to Fuel the Market in Future” provides a comprehensive analysis of the online fashion retail market in India. The report includes the cumulative GMV generated by the market players from the sales of online fashion products, including apparel, footwear and accessories. Further, the market in the study is differentiated on the basis of tier cities into tier I, tier II, and tier III cities and by four price segments – economy, mass, premium, and elite. The study also highlights the detailed information about logistics procedure, new trends, challenges in online fashion market and government regulations pertaining to the market, which will guide new entrants to plan their strategies accordingly. Various marketing analysis factors such as Porter's five forces analysis are also added in the study for clear understanding about the factors responsible for present scenario of the market. The future analysis of overall India online fashion market has also been discussed along with recommendations from analyst view.
A phenomenal increase in the number of internet users over the years along with the rise in smartphone users in the country acted as a driver for the online fashion market, making online players record a GMV of INR ~ crores in FY'2016 from INR ~ crores in FY'2015. Convenience to purchase online, rising disposable income of people in India, easy availability of branded products and rising demand for ecommerce products in Tier II and Tier III cities are other major factors which have augmented the growth of online fashion market in India.
India Online Fashion Market Segmentation
By Product Categories: Apparels witnessed the maximum share contributing ~% to the total GMV of the fashion products sold on ecommerce platforms in FY'2016, followed by the sales of footwear and accessories respectively. Availability of international brands and different style on one platform and varied offers and discounts provided by the ecommerce players on their website is the major factor responsible for increased sales of apparels on ecommerce portals. New players entering the ecommerce markets with wide offering range of apparels in their portfolio has further added to the increase in the share of online apparels. Moreover, it has been observed that various offline fashion apparel giants in India such as Lifestyle, Shopper Stop, and Pantaloons have started their online websites, which clearly advocates the growing demand for online apparel shopping across the country.
By Tier Cities: Demand of fashion products in Tier I cities from online markets have been recorded as the highest and the segment is observed to contributing maximum share of ~% in total online fashion market GMV in FY'2016. However, the demand from Tier II and Tier III sales is observed to increase in FY'2016 with more than ~% of the total GMV contribution from such cities. Growth in these economies with improving living standards of the people and rising awareness about domestic and international brands is the major factor responsible for growing revenue contribution from the segment.
By Price: India, being a price sensitive economy witnessed maximum sales arising out of economically priced fashion products available on online fashion markets. Economy segment including fashion products at less than INR 1,000 constitute for ~% of the total GMV in the online fashion product market for FY'2016. However, with the increase in income level, people are shifting their demand to better quality products owing to which GMV share of mass segment and premium segment is observed to increase from FY'2015 to FY'2016. GMV of mass segment exhibited the growth at a rate of ~% from FY'2015 to FY'2016.
Competitive Scenario
Myntra dominated the online fashion market of India with a market share of ~% in FY'2016. Strategic collaboration with more than ~ leading fashion and lifestyle brands in the country to offer wide range of apparels, footwear, accessories and cosmetics catering to the needs of men, women and kids, thereby having an edge over competitors that operate on the same scale. Flipkart, with its strategic acquisitions, followed Myntra in terms of GMV of fashion products. Other players like Amazon India, Snapdeal, Limeroad, Jabong, Craftsvilla and various new entrants witnessed an increase in customer base and revenue due to increased demand for online fashion products by Indian population. Amazon India, a new entrant in India online fashion market gave tough competition to online fashion giants through extensive marketing campaigns and one-day delivery option, resulting which the company generated high GMV share in the total market in FY'2016 calculated at ~%.
Future Analysis and Projections
India online fashion retail market is expected to grow at a rapid pace at a CAGR of ~% from 2017 to 2021 owing to rising number of smartphone users, increasing awareness about online shopping among customers, and growing efforts of government to shift customers to digital platforms. New entrants are expected to grow in terms of GMV in future adding to the competition in online fashion markets. Strategic expansions by the existing market players via inorganic growth and innovative ease provided by tools such as 3D try-and-buy tools would further assist in growth of the online fashion market. E-commerce markets will witness an increase in customer base, of which Tier II and Tier III cities are expected to contribute a large share.
Key Topics Covered in the Report:
The market size of India Online Fashion Market
Market segmentation of India Online Fashion Market on the basis of apparel, footwear, and accessories, by Tier cities, and by Price
Porter's Five Forces Analysis for India Online Fashion Market
Trends and Developments in India Online Fashion Market
Comparative Analysis of Online Fashion Market in India With Offline Market
Logistics Handling in India Online Fashion Market
Consumer Profile for India Online Fashion Market – By Age Group, By Weekday and Weekend Orders, and By CoD and Online Payments
Regulatory Landscape on India Online Fashion Market
Competitive Landscape and Detailed Company Profiles of the Major Market Players
Future Outlook and Projections for India Online Fashion Market
Analyst Recommendations
Macro-economic Factors Impacting the India Online Fashion Market
Source:https://www.kenresearch.com/technology-and-telecom/it-and-ites/india-online-fashion-market-report/83416-105.html
Contact:
Ken Research
Ankur Gupta,
Head Marketing & Communications
query@kenresearch.com
+91-124- 4230204
www.kenresearch.com
BARCELONA: Barcelona have to strengthen a squad depleted by the departure of Neymar, influential midfielder Sergio Busquets admitted after the Catalans suffered a 3-1 home defeat to rivals Real Madrid in the first leg of the Spanish Super Cup on Sunday (Monday in Manila).
Neymar joined Paris Saint-Germain earlier this month for a world record 222 million euro fee, but Barça's attempts to replace the Brazilian have so far fallen short.
“It is a question of renewal and always trying to get better. We have to (sign) whatever happens.” Busquets told Spanish TV station Telecinco.
Cristiano Ronaldo was at the heart of the action at the Camp Nou despite only appearing as a second-half substitute, scoring a sensational goal and being controversially sent off.
Lionel Messi's penalty had cancelled out Gerard Pique's own goal early in the second-half to give Madrid the lead.
Ronaldo then curled into the top corner 10 minutes from time, but was booked for taking their shirt off in celebration.
And that proved costly two minutes later when they saw a second yellow card after being adjudged to have dived when trying to win a penalty.
Despite their numerical disadvantage, Madrid extended their lead late on when Marco Asensio fired home in style from the edge of the box.
“It will be difficult to turn it around,” added Busquets ahead of the second leg at Madrid's Santiago Bernabeu on Wednesday.
“They have made it difficult, almost impossible.”
Barça have been heavily linked with moves for Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho and Ousmane Dembele of Borussia Dortmund and coach Ernesto Valverde.
And after the disappointment of defeat in their first game in charge, Barça boss Ernesto Valverde said their aim was to have the best team possible by the time the transfer window closes on August 31.
“We are Barça and we want the best possible team,” they said.
“Until August 31, like every other team, the market is open to us.”
By contrast, Ronaldo's 10th red card of their career was the only negative of the night for Madrid coach Zinedine Zidane as they close in on a seventh trophy in less than two years in charge.
“What annoys me is the sending off for Cristiano,” said the Frenchman.
“Even if it is not a penalty, the card is harsh.”
Yet, Ronaldo could be slapped with more than a one-game suspension as they lightly pushed referee Ricardo de Burgos Bengoetxea in their frustration at being dismissed.
AFP
LA PAZ: A superb performance by Bolivia goalkeeper Carlos Lampe frustrated Brazil here Thursday (Friday in Manila) as the five-time World Cup winners were forced to settle for a 0-0 draw in their dead rubber qualification game.
Advertisements
With Brazil already assured of top spot in South America's 2018 World Cup qualification race, and Bolivia already eliminated from contention, neither side had much to play for in the thin air of La Paz.
Brazil dominated much of the possession and had the better chances but striker Neymar was left unable to add to their tally of 52 international goals after a defiant performance from Lampe.
The 6ft 4in (1.92m) Lampe pulled off a string of stunning blocks to deny the Paris Saint-Germain superstar as Brazil threatened to run riot in the first half.
Lampe first frustrated Neymar midway through the first half, diving to save.
Moments later, they produced a stunning block from Gabriel Jesus, with Paulinho dummying to set up the Manchester City striker.
Jesus picked their spot and shot to the right of Lampe but the goalkeeper dived to their left and blocked with their face.
Four minutes later, Lampe rescued Bolivia once again, quickly getting out to check Neymar's advance as the striker raced in on goal.
Neymar recovered their balance and unleashed a fierce shot towards goal but defender Gabriel Valverde was on hand to clear off the line.
From the rebound, Neymar was able to get off another shot, but again Valverde cleared to cap a remarkable sequence.
Bolivia might have taken a shock lead on the stroke of half-time when Diego Bejarano's thunderous long-range effort crashed off the underside of the crossbar only to bounce out.
Lampe maintained their form in the second half, denying Jesus in the 83rd minute with a fine save from the striker's header.
AFP
After starting slow, the Yukon wrestlers bounced back in the dual season and finished with a 5-3 record.
The Millers dismantled Edmond Santa Fe 66-6 in their final dual of the year Thursday at Yukon High School.
Yukon won 13 of 14 matches and had six falls on the night.
“We took care of business tonight,” Yukon coach Joe Schneider said. “I thought our guys wrestled well. We have seen them (Edmond Santa Fe) several times throughout the year, so I was pleased with how we handled ourselves tonight.”
The dual opened at 106 pounds between Yukon's Cooper Mahaffey and Edmond Santa Fe's Sutton Little. Mahaffey made quick work of Little with a first-period pin to put the Millers up 6-0.
At 113 pounds, the Millers' Studd Morris had their way with the Timberwolves' Dalton Raiburn in a 17-2 technical fall to give Yukon an 11-0 lead.
Yukon's Kyler Chapporo kept the streak going with a 4-2 overtime victory over Santa Fe's Yamasi Redeagle in the 120-pound match to give the Millers a 14-0 advantage.
At 126 pounds, the Millers' Kylon Burgert got the second period fall over the T-Wolves' Elijah Depona and Yukon went up 20-0.
Yukon's Wallace Tilley manhandled Edmond's Darrius Stewart 16-2 at 132 pounds to put the Millers up 24-0.
At 138 pounds, the Millers' Caleb Moore earned the second-period pin over Santa Fe's Andrew Somsack and Yukon went up 30-0.
Yukon's Jaxen Gilmore didn't waste time at 145 pounds with a first-period pin against the Timberwolves' Buck Santos. The Millers led 36-0.
At 152 pounds, the Millers' Cody Johnson had a tough battle with Edmond Santa Fe's Khierron Sharp, but Johnson got the 7-4 victory and Yukon went up 39-0.
Yukon's Jace Martin battled the T-Wolves' Tyler Haley at 160 pounds but prevailed 5-2 to put the Millers on top 42-0.
The Millers lost their only match of the evening at 170 pounds when Yukon's Noe Rios was pinned in the second period by Santa Fe's Hayden Adkins. That made the score 42-6 Millers.
Yukon's Landon Donoho righted the ship at 182 pounds with a first-period pin over Edmond's Vidal Fernandez.
At 195 pounds, the Millers' Corbin Gordon took care of the Timberwolves' Collin McQueen with a first-period pin and Yukon went up 54-6.
At 220 pounds and 285 pounds, Yukon's Aaron Wolf and Ashton Aldridge both won with forfeits, making the final 66-6.
Yukon now sets its sights on the regional tournament, which takes place Feb. 16 at Southmoore.
“We have some teams coming in over the next couple of weeks to scrimmage us, so we can prepare for the regional tournament,” Schneider said. “We are going to get back in the (wrestling) room and get after it.”
Indian wildlife sanctuary sees jump in one-horned rhinos
hello
In this Sunday, March 18, 2018 photo, a one-horned rhinoceros walks inside the Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary in Assam state, India. A tiny wildlife sanctuary in northeastern India has reported a jump in the number of one-horned rhinoceroses. Associated Press
In this Sunday, March 18, 2018, photo, forest officials on an elephant count one-horned rhinoceros during a rhino census at the Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary in Assam state, India. A tiny wildlife sanctuary in northeastern India has reported a jump in the number of one-horned rhinoceroses. Associated Press
In this Sunday, March 18, 2018, photo, forest officials patrol during a rhino census at the Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary in Assam state, India. A tiny wildlife sanctuary in northeastern India has reported a jump in the number of one-horned rhinoceroses. Associated Press
In this Sunday, March 18, 2018, photo, a one-horned rhinoceros walks inside the Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary in Assam state, India. A tiny wildlife sanctuary in northeastern India has reported a jump in the number of one-horned rhinoceroses. Associated Press
In this Sunday, March 18, 2018, photo, a mahout prepares elephants before a rhino census at the Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary in Assam state, India. A tiny wildlife sanctuary in northeastern India has reported a jump in the number of one-horned rhinoceroses. Associated Press
In this Sunday, March 18, 2018, photo, forest officials count a horned rhinoceros from on top of an elephant during a rhino census at the Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary in Assam state, India. A tiny wildlife sanctuary in northeastern India has reported a jump in the number of one-horned rhinoceroses. Associated Press
In this Sunday, March 18, 2018, photo, a one-horned rhinoceros walks inside the Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary in Assam state, India. A tiny wildlife sanctuary in northeastern India has reported a jump in the number of one-horned rhinoceroses. Associated Press
In this Sunday, March 18, 2018, photo, a one-horned rhinoceros stands inside the Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary in Assam state, India. A tiny wildlife sanctuary in northeastern India has reported a jump in the number of one-horned rhinoceroses. Associated Press
GAUHATI, India -- A tiny wildlife sanctuary in northeastern India has reported a jump in the number of one-horned rhinoceroses.
Pradipta Baruah, supervisor of a census carried out Sunday at the Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary, says there are now 102 one-horned rhinos living in the park, up from 93 during the last count, in 1993.
The reserve, which is just 38 square kilometers (15 square miles), is outside of the Assam state capital, Gauhati.
India's Kaziranga National Park, also in Assam, is the main home of the one-horned rhino, with more than 2,000.
All of the world's five rhino species are under constant threat from poachers who sell their horns on black markets, often in countries where rhino horn is believed to increase male potency.
PRESIDENT Rodrigo Duterte will abolish the Presidential Commission for the Urban Poor, according to Malacanang on Tuesday.
In a press conference, Palace spokesperson Harry Roque said Duterte mentioned that PCUP was notorious for junkets abroad, and has not met as a collegial body.
“The President stated two grounds behind their decision to abolish the commission. Number one, it is, according to him, a collegial body, and they have not met as a collegial body. Number two, the commissioners are notorious for junkets abroad. This kind of work performance has no place in the Duterte administration,” said Roque.
Roque said that “this latest decision of the President to abolish the PCUP, among others, for unnecessary junkets of its officials, prove beyond doubt that the President is very serious in their anti-corruption campaign.”
“We reiterate, we are serious about the drive against the corruption in government,” said Roque.
Roque said it was they who informed PCUP chairperson Terry Ridon about the impending abolition of their agency.
In response to the President's order, Ridon said: “We thank the President for the opportunity to serve the nation. The public record of the agency can speak for itself: We had implemented with full integrity the presidential promise of no demolition without relocation.”
Without citing allegations of “junket” trips, one of the reasons cited by Duterte for abolishing the commission, Ridon said: “We had represented government and given voice to the urban poor in international conferences on public housing, poverty alleviation and climate change, which was unprecedented in any administration.”
They said the commission “performed our mandate to the best of our abilities, with integrity and competence, despite the heavy burden of undertaking genuine reform.”
By Abby Hassler
The wait for new music will “soon” be over for 30 Seconds to Mars fans. The band released a humorous teaser video to announce their upcoming single “Walk on Water,” which will arrive in Aug. 22.
Related: Muse, 30 Seconds to Mars, PVRIS Announce Summer Tour
In the video, a label executive chastises the band for not putting out a new album in four years and that they keep telling their fans they will put out new music sometime “soon.”
“People are sick and tired of soon,” the executive says. “Soon doesn't mean s—. F— soon. We need to go now.”
Watch the explicit announce now on Radio.com.
The far-right nationalist party, AfD, is rapidly gaining support in Bavaria and is presumably the reason that led Interior Minister Horst Seehofer to revolt against Merkel.
The world is in the midst of the worst refugee crisis since World War II but millions of migrants and asylum seekers are facing even harsher crackdowns.
The most recent case in point: German Chancellor Angela Merkel, who once pushed for an open-border policy, has just agreed to a half-baked deal that will make it harder still for migrants to enter Germany.
Merkel has faced a revolt from far-right parties over their comparatively welcoming stance towards migrants and refugees. To save their crumbling governing coalition and mollify their rebellious Bavarian allies, the German chancellor has agreed to close asylum “transit camps” along three Austrian borders.
According to The Atlantic, migrants seeking asylum in Germany, who have already applied on other European Union countries would not be turned back at the border immediately. Instead, they will be camped at transit centers along the German-Austrian border. From there, Germany will send rejected asylum seekers back to their countries after they strike a negotiation with the countries. If a deal is not struck, rejected refugees will be sent back to Austria on the basis of an agreement with Vienna.
Read More Trump Reportedly Threw Starburst At Angela Merkel During G7 Summit
In February, Germany's two largest political parties, the center-left Social Democratic Party (SPD) and the combined center-right Christian Democratic Union (led by Merkel) and Christian Social Union (CSU) in Bavaria (led by Horst Seehofer) renewed a coalition agreement with Merkel at the helm. The CSU governs the state of Bavaria while Merkel's party governs the other 15 states.
The three-party coalition ensures Merkel secures a majority in parliament and stays in power. However, the far-right nationalist party, Alternative for Germany (AfD), is rapidly gaining support in Bavaria and could jeopardize the coalition. Presumably, this is what led Seehofer, who governs Bavaria, to oppose Merkel and take a harsher stance on immigration.
The CSU head threatened to resign as interior minister unless they got powers to expel migrants, including those who have already applied for asylum. After a tough negotiation, the beleaguered Merkel agreed to the deal. However, the move has sowed doubt in the center-left Social Democrat Party, who says transit centers weren't part of their coalition deal with Merkel and Seehofer. In fact, the SDP had rejected a proposal for such centers in 2015 when the migrants entering Germany from Austria were far larger in number.
Merkel also may have caved to pressure from Seehofer but their new agreement has introduced new problems.
Austria has shown no sign it will accept turned away refugees from Germany, despite the fact they may have entered the country through Austria. On Tuesday, Austrian Chancellor Sebastian Kurz threatened if Germany expelled refugees, they will do the same, which could lead to a collapse of the EU's internal open-border system. In fact it was this scenario that made Merkel so reluctant to accept Seehofer's plan in the first place.
Rome has also slammed the door on migrants, even though a large number of asylum seekers to Germany come via Italy, thanks to its new far-right government.
The situation is a disappointingly far cry from 2015 when Germany reportedly took in more than 1.4 million war-torn refugees from Syria, Afghanistan and Iraq. Now, it only takes in about 10,000 immigrants each month.
This divisiveness within the German government signals a bigger rift in the Europe regarding migration. Aside from Italy, the Czech Republic, Poland, Hungary and Slovakia also refuse to accept immigrants from EU countries.
Thumbnail/Banner Credits: Reuters
TEHRAN - A top Iranian official on Tuesday welcomed European powers' efforts to salvage a historic nuclear deal, but warned they should not simply hand over "a ransom" to US President Donald Trump.
Trump has threatened not to renew the 2015 accord, which curbed Iran's nuclear programme in exchange for sanctions relief.
Their threats have prompted pressure from European officials ahead of a May 12 deadline for their decision.
"We have welcomed the insistence of the European Union on keeping America in the JCPOA (nuclear deal)," said Ali Shamkhani, secretary of Iran's Supreme Council for National Security, in a televised press conference.
"But if this means degrading the Islamic republic of Iran or paying a ransom to Trump, the Europeans are making a strategic mistake," they said.
The European parties to the agreement -- Britain, France, Germany and the European Union -- have been trying to convince Trump to stick to the accord.
French President Emmanuel Macron is currently in Washington, hoping to address Trump's concerns and keep the US in the deal.
The White House has demanded tighter restrictions on Iran's regional behaviour and its nuclear and missile programmes.
But Iran says any talk of curbing its missile programme -- which is central to its defence systems -- is off limits.
"The Islamic republic of Iran will not allow any country, under any circumstances, to cross its red lines," said Shamkhani.
Sugar factory to open its doors in $7m tourism venture, writes Kirsty Wynn.
Its iconic pink buildings have been nestled on the harbour's edge for more than 130 years and soon the Chelsea Sugar Factory will be open to the public for interactive tours.
A new business venture called Chelsea Bay will open in April next year with factory tours, a cafe, interactive facility and kids' baking classes all on offer.
An artists impression of the Chelsea Bay at the Chelsea Sugar Factory An artists impression of the Chelsea Bay at the Chelsea Sugar Factory
New Zealand Sugar general manager Bernard Duignan said the development had cost $7 million.
Advertisement
It was hoped the venture would appeal to tourists - both internationally and from around New Zealand.
"We hope to bring in an estimated 50,000 local and international visitors annually, with guests being able to enjoy a beautiful café right on the water's edge," Duignan said.
"It's somewhere we see becoming a real foodie destination, or just to enjoy great coffee. "
Tours of the iconic Chelsea Sugar Factory were popular in the 1980s, when around 10,000 a year were held.
"Now with more and more Kiwis wanting to know where their food comes from, we wanted to do something that would open our doors and show a whole new generation of Kiwis how we operate," Duignan said.
They added the new development would see Chelsea Sugar become a "bigger and more open part of the community".
The tours will offer an educational and inspiring behind-the-scenes look at what goes on at Chelsea Sugar.
An aerial view of Chelsea Sugar Factory in around 1925. Photo / NZ Herald Archives An aerial view of Chelsea Sugar Factory in around 1925. Photo / NZ Herald Archives
Visitors will see how raw sugar, off loaded from the ships berthed at the deep-water port, makes its way through the factory to the finished product that is sold supermarkets.
Horses were used to hauled bags of sugar at Chelsea Sugar Factory for around 70 years but stopped in 1957. Horses were used to hauled bags of sugar at Chelsea Sugar Factory for around 70 years but stopped in 1957.
Chelsea ships in 27,000 tonnes of raw cane sugar every six weeks, that's enough to cover the whole of New Zealand.
An Artists impression of the new cafe at the Chelsea Sugar Factory in Auckland due to be opened as a tourist attraction. An Artists impression of the new cafe at the Chelsea Sugar Factory in Auckland due to be opened as a tourist attraction.
The company has a strong environmental focus and said it produces very little waste.
There will also be a free interactive educational facility featuring the heritage and history of the well-known Chelsea and Edmonds brands, as well as demonstrating the sugar and flour milling process, from paddock to plate.
Baking classes for children will also be on offer from April with Chelsea partnering with Edmonds. The baking classes will be offered to primary and secondary schools as organised trips Monday to Friday during term time.
The sugar works are one of the most well-known buildings on the inner harbour coastline.
Duignan said it was a joy more of it could be shared with public.
"When the owners of the Chelsea Sugar refinery first came to this spot in 1882, what amazing foresight they had," they said.
"Not only does the harbour have a purpose built deep water port for ships, but the location has helped cement Chelsea's place on the Auckland coastline. It's such a recognisable and much loved national icon.
People stand in front of sugar falling from a conveyor belt forming mountains of sugar at the Chelsea Sugar Refinery. Photo / Steven McNich People stand in front of sugar falling from a conveyor belt forming mountains of sugar at the Chelsea Sugar Refinery. Photo / Steven McNich
"The workers' cottages built in 1909 are listed as Heritage buildings and visitors to the Heritage Park can easily stroll down past these into the factory grounds. The factory buildings themselves are protected under the special buildings act so we've been sensitive to how we ensure the new development blends into the existing landscape while still providing an amazing view out over the Waitemata Harbour towards the CBD."
From 2015, WebRTC VPN bug are always leaks our real IP, even if you are using VPN service, these IP leaks are not stop. But from then on, many VPN service providers are looking for a way to solve this problem. Good news is that, most VPN service providers can hide your IP now.
March 27, 2018，Stagno has tested 124VPNs and Proxy providers and 20 of them leaks users' IPs via WebRTC (16.13%), 101 of them are keeping your IP hidden. You can visit Google Docs to see the complete list, by the way, yestoday we publish an article about VPN Logging Policy, you guys can take a look at it. And we still put Logging policy information in WebRTC doc.
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1WE6HIAmZyL1m3MqAfLnR7Fxvdap4DNom2hcaZeEj0uI/edit?usp=sharing_eil&ts=5ad7659c
The following providers leak users' IP:
Astrill
BlackVPN
ChillGlobal (Chrome and Firefox Plugin)
CyrenVPN
Glype (Depends on the configuration)
hide-me.org
Hola!VPN
Hola!VPN (Chrome Extension)
Hoxx VPN (Firefox Browser Plugin)
HTTP PROXY in browser that support Web RTC
IBVPN (Browser Addon)
PHP Proxy
piratebayproxy.co
psiphon3 (not leaking if using L2TP/IP)
SmartHideProxy
SOCKS Proxy on browsers with Web RTC enabled
SumRando Web Proxy
TOR as PROXY on browsers with Web RTC enabled
Windscribe Addons (Browser Extension/Plugin)
The complete list not include all VPN service and the logging policies, you can test your VPN if you can't find it in the list.
Here are some web-pages can help you to test ip leak.
https://www.expressvpn.com/webrtc-leak-test
https://ip.voidsec.com/
https://ipleak.net/
If you find out that your VPN leaks your real IP, then you can disable WebRTC on your browsers manually or install the Add-on. Because most browsers still enable WebRTC by default except the Tor Browser, Edge, and Internet Explorer.
You can google the methods or go to http://vpnif.com/tools-ipleak-test-ipv6-leak-test-and-dnsleak-test/.
Which VPN service can protect our privacy when we use WebRTC. We list them from the detailed list, and we rank them, so you can pick the best one.
ExpressVPN: Best one VPN service I think, and it is strict No Logging VPN.
NordVPN(77% discount):Perfect VPN, and perfect logging policy, more important is the price.
StrongVPN: As the name, it's strong and No logging.
Private Internet Access(58% discount): No logging VPN, it's popular in US.
VyprVPN: Old VPN service provider.
HideMyAss: Famous VPN too.
CyberGhost
BTGuard
BolehVPN
CactusVPN
AirVPN
Ivacy
LiquidVPN
SaferVPN
PureVPN(78% discount)
Torguard
SwitchVPN
Zone
Windscribe VPN
SecureVPN.com
PrivateVPN
Ironsocket
IPVanish
Hide My IP
Boxpn
FlyVPN
IBVPN
ProXPN
Proxy.sh
VPN Gate(Free)
VPNbook(Free)
ZoogVPN
Masterflow's team of trained technicians offer in-house and on-site pump repair services, with a focus on safety and first-class customer service.
[WETHERILL PARK, 30/5/2018] – Masterflow, a family-owned company specialising in heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC) systems, has a team of trained technicians to perform in-house and on-site repairs. The expert team have undergone extensive training as part of the company's commitment to quality, service and safety.
In-House and On-Site Pump Repairs
With its team of highly skilled technicians, Masterflow provides a reliable and cost-efficient repair service for various industries across Australia. The company offers both in-house and on-site repairs depending on the client's preference and place of convenience.
Masterflow performs its in-house repairs in fully equipped engineering workshops located in the capital and regional cities in Australia. Clients can expect to receive professional service and free expert advice on spares, maintenance and repair costs. The company also offers on-site repairs of pumps, motors and couplings. Apart from repair services, the technicians extend their services to on-site assessments and pump surveys needed for maintenance checks.
Masterflow also has a large inventory of spare parts in its Sydney warehouse. Clients can contact the Service Team for quotations and prompt deliveries.
Masterflow's Commitment to Safety
As part of the company's commitment to safety, Masterflow produces Safe Work Method Statements prior to carrying out on-site operations. The company's technicians all hold ‘White Card' Construction Induction Certificates.
Masterflow's range of services follows a methodical approach, from the inspection of the systems down to the repairs and replacements. The technicians also keep a record of the repairs for future reference.
About Masterflow
Masterflow has been supplying quality HVAC systems and repairs to the industrial sector in Australia. Since 1998, the company has provided a comprehensive range of innovative pumps and HVAC equipment to solve engineering and industrial challenges. Masterflow takes pride in its first-class customer service, wide range of premium products and long-standing industry experience.
To learn more about the company and their range of products and services, visit http://www.masterflow.net.au.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston University has moved to reassure students after a teenager was stabbed as they waited for a taxi.
The 19-year-old student was knifed on Aston Street, near Aston University, just after midnight on September 19.
They were rushed to hospital but was released the next day and is expected to make a full recovery.
A spokesperson for Aston University said they were working with police and said they have the tightest security on site.
Patrols have been increased following the attack.
Detectives issued a picture of a man they wanted to trace in connection with the incident.
West Midlands Police said the public should call police if they spotted him.
A spokesperson for the university said: “We are aware of this incident and are working with the police in their investigation.
“We would like to remind our students that we have a team of fully-trained security staff, extensive CCTV across campus, and security patrols offering 24-hour security on campus.
“If any of our staff or students have any information about this incident, please get in touch with our security team or the police.”
Det Con Laurence Green, of West Midlands Police, said: “We are working hard to piece together what happened.
“We're following numerous leads, and forensic opportunities are on-going.
“In addition to this the local neighbourhood team have increased patrols in the area and these will continue for as long as necessary.”
Anyone with information should call Crimestoppers, in confidence, on 0800 555 111.
YUCHENGCO Group of Companies founding chairperson Alfonso “Al” Yuchengco died on Saturday, a company under the conglomerate announced on Monday. They were 94 years old.
“Our bank is mourning the untimely demise of our chairperson emeritus, Ambassador Alfonso T. Yuchengco, who passed away last Saturday, April 15, 2017,” Rizal Commercial Banking Corp. (RCBC) said in a disclosure to Philippine Stock Exchange.
RCBC did not provide further details.
In an email to its members, the Management Association of the Philippines (MAP) said details of Yuchengco's wake and interment would be announced soon. Yuchengco was MAP's Management Man of the Year in 1992.
Yuchengco was a descendant of Chinese migrants from Fujian province who established a lumber and construction business in Manila in the early 1900s.
The family patriarch, Enrique, expanded into real estate and insurance, and passed on the chairpersonship of their flagship Malayan Insurance to their son Alfonso in 1953.
In 1967, Alfonso became chairperson of RCBC and established a strong base among Chinese-Filipino clients.
RCBC and Malayan form the nucleus of the diversified Yuchengco Group that now includes construction giant EEI Corp., Mapua Institute of Technology and Malayan Colleges, Honda car dealerships and Manila Memorial Park.
Yuchengco was a certified public accountant and an alumnus of Far Eastern University. They also took graduate studies at Columbia University in New York.
Yuchengco was a vocal critic of the late strongman Ferdinand Marcos and became a member of the “Light-A-Fire” movement that was suspected by the Martial Law regime of being behind bombing and assassination plots.
They were also a diplomat, having served as Philippine permanent representative to the United Nations under President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, envoy to Japan under President Fidel Ramos and envoy to China under President Corazon Aquino. They were appointed presidential adviser on foreign affairs in 2004, and presidential special envoy to China, Japan and Korea in 2001.
Yuchengco was a member of the Board of Overseers at Columbia Business School, trustee of the University of San Francisco, and trustee emeritus of Asia Society.
Yuchengco made headlines in 2005 when they shelled out P250 million of their own money to assist plan holders of failed pre-need firm Pacific Plans.
Last year, RCBC figured in an $81-million heist in which Bangladesh Bank money in the New York Federal Reserve found its way to RCBC, a remittance firm, and local casinos.
In accepting the Management Man of the Year award in 1992, Yuchengco said: “Honor has no price. I prefer to lose millions of pesos than to have my reputation tainted in any way.”
Winnipeg – Wheat bids in Western Canada were down for another week, as trade tensions continued to weigh on American futures markets.
Depending on the location, average Canada Western Red Spring (13.5 percent CWRS) wheat prices were down by C$6 to C$13 per tonne across the Prairie provinces, according to price quotes from a cross-section of delivery points compiled by PDQ (Price and Data Quotes). Average prices ranged from about C$216 per tonne in western Manitoba, to as high as C$229 in southern Alberta. Northwestern Saskatchewan was an outlier, with the price rising $6 to $220 per tonne.
ADVERTISEMENT
Quoted basis levels varied from location to location and ranged from $19 to $32 per tonne above the futures when using the grain company methodology of quoting the basis as the difference between the U.S. dollar denominated futures and the Canadian dollar cash bids.
When accounting for currency exchange rates by adjusting Canadian prices to U.S. dollars (C$1=US$0.7594) CWRS bids ranged from US$164 to US$174 per tonne. That would put the currency adjusted basis levels at about US$23 to US$33 below the futures.
Looking at it the other way around, if the Minneapolis futures are converted to Canadian dollars, CWRS basis levels across Western Canada range from C$30 to C$43 below the futures.
Canada Prairie Red Spring (CPRS) wheat bids fell anywhere from C$8 to C$10 per tonne depending on the location. Prices ranged from C$182 to C$200 per tonne.
Average durum prices were lower, with bids in Western Canada coming in at about C$235 to C$259 per tonne.
ADVERTISEMENT
The September spring wheat contract in Minneapolis, which most CWRS contracts Canada are based off of, was quoted at US$5.3675 per bushel on June 29, down by 24.25 U.S. cents from the previous week.
The Kansas City hard red winter wheat futures, which are now traded in Chicago, are more closely linked to CPRS in Canada. The September Kansas City wheat contract was quoted at US$4.8850 per bushel on June 29, down by 17 U.S. cents compared to the previous week.
The September Chicago Board of Trade soft wheat contract settled at US$5.0125 on June 29, which was down by three U.S. cents on the week.
The Canadian dollar settled at 75.94 U.S cents on June 29, which was up by 0.80 cents on the week.
Q. I created a Nano Server ISO using the Nano Server Image Builder however when I try and build a VM from the ISO it fails to boot.
A. This is because if you build an ISO file designed to deploy to physical hardware it will not have the Hyper-V drivers present which means it will not work in a VM. Instead you need to build images that are targeted for Hyper-V VMs.
"Wow! You're just like Peggy!" Was the refrain I got from many when I said that I worked as a copywriter in an ad agency. I never minded being compared to the feisty female Mad Men character, but there were times when I wished that some of their fictional experiences in the 1950s were not so close to my own recent ones.
The lone female creative sitting among a sea of black designer t-shirts and 'man-bants'. This was my life for the decade or so that I worked in advertising.
So I know exactly the warped womb that birthed the 'joke' email sent out by advertising executive Paul Martin on International Women's Day last week, in which they sent out a ranking of their 'top five' female colleagues - based on their looks, natch - to their entire company as a parting gift.
It is perfectly possible, I suppose, that the environment in which Paul had been marinating meant that, on the moment of pressing send on the list of colleagues he'd like to 'f***' and who they would 'use as bait to trap a wild animal who I'd rather f***', they truly thought themselves hilarious.
Advertisement
What's tragic is that I don't believe that Paul realised that this email had overstepped the line from banter to requiring a public apology (surely they could make amends on Twitter, at least?). This reflects horribly on Paul, but even worse on the industry itself.
• Read more: Advertising executive's sexist email ranking their female colleagues' attractiveness has gone viral
I can't speak for all of the women working in it, but my experience - and that of my female friends industry-wide - is that advertising is one of those unique industries in which the boundaries between the professional and the personal are purposefully broken down and blurred to create an atmosphere that is purportedly more 'sociable' and 'relaxed'.
Tara Button says sexism was rife during their time in advertising.
We congratulated ourselves on not having the stuffy 'corporate' attitude; we were the cool kids, and cool kids don't go running to HR when office banter gets you down, or your boss forces a kiss or asks for sex at a Christmas party.
The message women got (especially in account management) is that if you try to have boundaries, you will not be successful because your job is to turn clients into friends. Go out late, drink with them, get personal, be fun and flirty if necessary.
And to question the banter in the office is to isolate yourself in an industry which runs on relationships – professional suicide, in other words. So, when the whole office partakes in a game of 'which three of your female colleagues you most want to shag?,' it simply goes unquestioned.
The trouble is that the sexism is so out in the open and accepted that it's harder to fight. When your boss's nickname is 'the sex pest' and everyone laughs about it, what do you do when that man corners you and asks if 'power turns you on?'. This happened to a friend of mine as a graduate - and it's certainly not hard to believe.
There's a common refrain that 'someone calls HR,' but as ever, it is merely a joke bandied around, usually at the expense of women, rather than something you actually do.
As in many industries when the power balance is skewed, inappropriate sexual behaviour is rife, but this wasn't by any means the only challenge I came up against as a female creative.
I was told on several occasions that I was being given a job or opportunity because I was a woman, and they didn't have any other women creatives. 'Great, I'll be sure to thank my breasts later,' I thought. Those kinds of comments only serve to make you question your value.
When it comes to role models, there are a pitiful number of women in senior positions. Only 12 per cent of the UK's creative directors are female, and if all the hoops your creative ideas have to jump through are held by men, it naturally leads to a skewed output.
And this is the final shame, that the end result is that too many of the ads themselves are a reflection of the distorted world of ad agencies, where women are sexual objects, men are the ones with the power and punchlines, and women over child-rearing age are best unseen. It's a mindset as tired as the ads these chauvinists produce.
Tara Button is the author of A Life Less Throwaway.
- The Telegraph
You may have seen Young Dylan spit rhymes on The Ellen Show and all over the internet and now they are at the #KYSBlockParty. Dominique The Diva talks to the young viral star
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Ex Vice President Atiku Abubakar has reportedly had a meeting with PDP leaders over the upcoming 2019 elections. The Federal Government has blamed Former President, Goodluck Jonathan on the issues facing the country. The Npower assessment has been gi...
There is another banner Saturday coming up at the Music Academy of the West, with two events that blend pleasure and instruction as perfectly as they can be blended.
First, at 3 p.m. Saturday in UCSB's Lotte Lehmann Concert Hall, Warren Jones will lead a masterclass exploring performance, both as a social interaction between the vocalist and the collaborative pianist, and as an artistic partnership (using the word “art” in the technical sense, rather than the aesthetic). They don't so much explain as bring one to understand. The cost for this event is $27.
Then, at 8 p.m. Saturday in Hahn Hall, Maestro Bernard Labadie, an 18th-century specialist, will lead members of the Academy Festival Orchestra in a concert of brilliant works from the classical-rococo period, consisting of Christoph Willibald Gluck's haunting and mysterious ballet, Don Juan, or the Feast of St. Peter (1761); the Overture to Wolfgang Mozart's late opera seria, La clemenza di Tito, K. 621 (1791); and Joseph Haydn's Symphony No. 101 in D-Major, “Clock”.
What to say about Gluck, whom I adore but who baffles me? Several catalogs of their works list numerous instrumental compositions — symphonies, trio sonatas, etc. — but their historical reputation rests entirely on their 49 operas, and truly on a mere handful of those: Orfeo ed Euridice, Alceste and a few others. They were a German, but their music had its most lasting influence among Italians and French.
The much-maligned Antonio Salieri was their pupil, friend and disciple. Another pupil of their Vienna years was very helpful to them in Paris once she, Marie Antoinette, had become Queen of France. Sacchini, Cherubini, Méhul and Spontini were also of the first generation of their musical inheritors. The Germans most influenced by Gluck, in terms of dramatic structure, if not musical style, were Weber and Wagner.
I first became enamored of Gluck in the early 1980s, when I recorded a live broadcast of Orfeo ed Euridice from public radio. I'd never heard anything so ethereally beautiful, so delicate and yet so strong. I was intoxicated for weeks and could scarcely listen to anything else. Years later, I bought an LP of Neville Marriner and the Los Angeles Chamber Orchestra performing the complete Don Juan, and I was similarly spellbound.
Some composers seem to stand outside the musicological narrative; they seem to have created themselves and no one else sounds quite like them. Monteverdi is one such; Gluck another. Gluck's character and their integrity command respect as well. When an opera that they and Salieri had signed together became a huge success, Gluck let it be known that Salieri was the sole composer.
The English went mad for Haydn on their London Symphony tour. They were particularly over the moon about the “Clock” Symphony. After the premiere (March 3, 1794), the Morning Chronicle reviewer wrote: “But as usual the most delicious part of the entertainment was a new grand [Symphony] by Haydn; the inexhaustible, the wonderful, the sublime Haydn! The first two movements were encored; and the character that pervaded the whole composition was heartfelt joy …” Haydn had also some non-musical adventures in London, having left their disagreeable wife in Vienna.
Reserved seats to these Music Academy events can be purchased by phone at 805.969.8787 or online by clicking here. Tickets to the Jones Masterclass, if there are any left, can be purchased at the door. Call first.
— Gerald Carpenter covers the arts as a Noozhawk contributing writer. They can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . The opinions expressed are their own.
The number of people who identify themselves as Republicans has dropped drastically since Trump became president, according to a Gallup poll.
The number of Americans who identify themselves as Republicans took a nose dive ever since Donald Trump's election, according to a Gallup survey. Meanwhile, Americans who identify themselves as Democrats remains steady.
The survey took more than 14,000 adults into account throughout November.
The percentage of people who identify with the Republican Party dropped 5 points from 42 percent of the population to 37 percent between November 2016 with November 2017, according to the poll, which was released last week.
Meanwhile, voters identifying themselves as Democrats remained at 44 percent.
The biggest plunge in the Republican numbers was among white women. The percentage of white Republican women fell 5 points from 37 percent to just 32 percent over a year, according to an NBC News report.
Hispanics identifying with the GOP also declined by 3 percent.
There was only a percent increase in African Americans who identified with the GOP, according to the survey. Only 10 percent of black Americans considered themselves Republicans a year ago.
Republican college graduates declined by 4 points and those without a bachelor's degree saw a 5 point drop.
When compared with last year, more Americans don't approve of either major party, with 14 percent of people not leaning toward any party. The figure was as low as 10 percent last year.
According to the poll, the Democratic Party has maintained an edge over the Republicans throughout the year from 5 to 9 points because GOP affiliation has dropped.
Banner Image Credits: Reuters, Yuri Gripas
Spotlight Image Credits: Reuters, Brian Snyder
Auckland Nines organisers have called for the event to be moved to Australia, laying the blame at the feet of the NZ Warriors.
The event's contract to stay in Auckland is not due to expire until next year, but the NRL is understood to be keen on it to be moved to Brisbane.
Melbourne has also been touted as a home for the pre-season tournament, with the Victorian government already lodging interest to lure it south for 2019.
While official 2017 attendances were not released by Duco Events, they said about 22,000 people attended Eden Park on both days.
Duco Events director Dean Lonergan pointed the finger squarely at the Warriors, saying their poor performance to miss the NRL top eight in 2016 and lacklustre Nines squad dented the crowd size.
"What doesn't help, first and foremost, is that the Warriors had a shocking season last year," Lonergan told the Sky Sports Radio'sBig Sports Breakfast.
"If the Warriors had have had a great season, made the eight or made the four, we'd sell another 10,000 or 15,000 tickets easily, as both Auckland and New Zealand are Warriors supporters, and they also have a second team in Sydney.
"Then they turned around and named what I consider to be a quite poor team.
"And then their attitude was 'we don't really care what happens in the Nines'. My personal opinion is the Warriors have probably sounded the death knell for this for Auckland city and the NRL will be very keen to take this elsewhere."
After four years, Lonergan said the Nines had outstayed its welcome in Auckland and it was time for it to be brought to Australia.
"It's probably time to go elsewhere," they said.
"Maybe Brisbane, maybe Melbourne, maybe Perth - who knows? The NRL will be the major determiner of that."
Scala compiler and HPE Security Fortify partnership simplifies secure development
SAN FRANCISCO, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Lightbend -- the company behind the Scala programming language and provider of the leading Reactive application development platform for building distributed systems -- today announced its partnership with HPE Security Fortify to develop breakthrough static analysis security testing capabilities for the Scala programming language. The integrated solution extends the Fortify Ecosystem and enables organizations to secure DevOps by embedding static analysis into the workflow development of the customer's Scala applications. This speeds up and simplifies secure development. Access to the new HPE Fortify Scala security plug-in will be available to Lightbend Reactive Platform subscribers later this year (sign up here to be notified when available).
Over the last five years, the Scala language has rapidly evolved from early traction with champions like Twitter -- to becoming the de facto standard for building distributed applications designed for performance and reliability in microservices and "Fast Data" use cases (real-time, streaming, IoT pipelines, machine learning, and more). Scala has been heavily adopted by industry leaders like PayPal, UniCredit, and Credit Karma -- and is the underlying language for many of today's most popular frameworks in big data: Akka, Apache Spark, Apache Kafka, and more.
"Scala users in the enterprise want a simplified way to test source code for security vulnerabilities. In many cases, this is necessary to meet compliance requirements," said Adriaan Moors, Scala Team Lead. "By partnering with the leader in the Application Security Testing market, HPE Security Fortify, Lightbend is empowering customers to fend off potential threats with this simplified security breakthrough for discovering vulnerabilities."
"Organizations must incorporate security testing earlier into the development lifecycle without disrupting production as application development times have decreased and the rate of adversary attacks have risen," said Scott Johnson, Director of Product Management, HPE Security Fortify, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, "Our partnership and integration with Lightbend enables DevOps to seamlessly test and secure their Scala application development without compromising time to market."
Lightbend customers who wish to be notified when the HPE Fortify plug-in is available can sign up for early access.
About Lightbend
Lightbend (Twitter: @Lightbend) provides the leading Reactive application development platform for building distributed applications. Using microservices and fast data on a message-driven runtime, enterprise applications scale effortlessly on cloud computing architectures. Many of the most admired brands around the globe are transforming their businesses with our platform, engaging billions of users every day through software that is changing the world.
