SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - A woman who was found dead Wednesday in a stairwell of a power plant at Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital had dementia and vanished from a nearby mental health facility 10 days ago, their daughter said.
A staff member found the body at about 1 p.m. The county medical examiner's office identified the woman as Ruby Andersen, 75.
An autopsy was pending.
"I don't know how they died," their daughter, Charlene Roberts, told KRON-TV . "Did they have a stroke or fell? I don't know what happened."
Roberts, who gave their mother's age as 76, said the woman had dementia and two hearing aids and went missing on May 20 from a mental health facility.
"We almost hired a private investigator" to look for her, Roberts said.
Hospital spokesperson Rachael Kagan said the woman was not a patient at San Francisco General but noted that there were other facilities on the same campus operated by the San Francisco Department of Public Health. They include the 47-bed Mental Health Rehabilitation Center.
Andersen was found in a stairwell that usually is locked and only accessible to maintenance workers, Kagan said.
"We are very concerned how this could have happened," they said.
Police, public health and sheriff's investigators were working on the case.
Five years ago, the body of a missing patient was found in a stairwell at the same hospital, more than two weeks after a patient disappeared from their room.
An autopsy determined that 57-year-old Lynne Spalding had been dead for several days before their body was found in a stairwell that was supposed to be routinely checked by security.
The Sheriff's Department, which is responsible for the hospital's security, paid Spalding's family $3 million to settle a legal claim.
HUDDERSFIELD: Manchester United striker Romelu Lukaku believes they have finally begun to strike a balance between scoring goals and contributing to the team's cause in other ways on the pitch.
The Belgian international, who signed from Everton in the close season, has scored 11 Premier League goals in 24 games with four more in the Champions League and two in the FA Cup.
“I've always been a goalscorer since I was a kid, so I never knew anything else. But when you play for Manchester United, you know that the team comes first,” Lukaku told the club's website.
“I think I had to find the right balance between sometimes going for myself and sometimes helping the team. I think I found the right click and it's going to benefit the team even more.”
Lukaku, 24, began the season brightly with a brace against West Ham United on their league debut for United but went off the boil shortly after, failing to find the net in seven games between October and November.
However, they have found form again this year, with three goals in five games, including two in the FA Cup.
“I had a setback for about two months where I didn't play well,” Lukaku added. “But like the rest of the team, I've started 2018 really well so we have to keep going, keep working hard, improve and get results.”
United, who are second in the league table behind neighbours Manchester City, will look to bounce back from a 2-0 defeat by Tottenham Hotspur in midweek when they take on 17th-placed Huddersfield Town at Old Trafford on Saturday.
TORONTO — Accused Toronto van attack suspect Alek Minassian made a brief court appearance Tuesday and has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 of attempted murder.
Minassian, 25, dressed in a white forensic jumpsuit, showed no emotion as they stated their name for the Finch Ave. court.
Justice of the peace Stephen Waisberg ordered them remanded in custody until they appear by video May 10.
Minassian was also ordered to not contact any of the 13 people he's accused of trying to run down on Yonge St. during the horrific attack.
Their father, Vahe Minassian, was escorted out of the court by police officers.
FILE - in this Feb. 26, 2015, photo, a full-scale mockup of a high-speed train is displayed at the Capitol in Sacramento, Calif. The agency overseeing California's bullet train project has recommended a U.S. subsidiary of a German rail company to help design and operate a Central Valley train segment in its early stages. The California High-Speed Rail Authority's board of directors will vote Oct. 19, 2017, on whether to approve DB Engineering & Consulting USA for the $30 million early operating contract. Rich Pedroncelli, File AP Photo
HONOLULU - Their last presidential vacation behind him, Barack Obama is entering the closing stretch of their presidency, an eleventh-hour push to tie up loose ends and put finishing touches on their legacy before handing the reins to President-elect Donald Trump.
Obama returns to Washington midday Monday from Hawaii with about two-dozen work days left. Their final days will largely be consumed by a bid to protect their endangered health care law, a major farewell speech and the ongoing handover of power to Trump.
In an email to supporters on Monday, Obama said he'll deliver a valedictory speech on Jan. 10, following a tradition set in 1796 when the first president, George Washington, spoke to the American people for the last time in office. The speech will take place at McCormick Place, a giant convention center in Obama's hometown of Chicago.
"I'm thinking about them as a chance to say thank you for this amazing journey, to celebrate the ways you've changed this country for the better these past eight years, and to offer some thoughts on where we all go from here," Obama said.
Obama's chief speechwriter, Cody Keenan, traveled with Obama to Hawaii and spent much of the trip working on the speech. The Chicago trip will likely be Obama's last outside Washington as president and will be included a "family reunion" for Obama's former campaign staffers.
Obama is also planning last-minute commutations and pardons, White House officials said, in line with their second-term effort to cut sentences for inmates given unduly harsh sentences for drug crimes. Though prominent offenders like Edward Snowden and Rod Blagojevich are also asking for leniency, Obama's final acts of clemency are expected to remain focused on drug offenders whose plight Obama tried but failed to address through criminal justice reform.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
After taking office eight years ago, Obama and their aides were effusive in their praise for how Obama's predecessor, George W. Bush, helped their team take over the massive federal bureaucracy. Obama has vowed to pass on the favor to Trump. But the transition hasn't been without incident.
The two teams have clashed over the Trump team's requests for information Obama aides fear could be used to eliminate government employees who worked on Obama priorities like climate change and minority rights overseas. Trump's team, meanwhile, has been frustrated by Obama's attempts to box Trump in with parting moves to block ocean drilling, declare new monuments and further empty out the Guantanamo Bay prison.
While on their annual vacation in Oahu, Obama asserted themselves forcefully on two foreign policy issues that put them in direct conflict with Trump. Obama directed the U.S. to defy tradition by allowing a U.N. Security Council resolution criticizing Israel on settlements to pass, then slapped Russia with sweeping penalties over U.S. allegations of hacking.
The final days are Obama's last chance to define their presidency before theirs loses the bully pulpit and cedes their legacy to historians. For Obama, helping Americans understand how their two terms have reshaped American life is even more critical amid concerns that Trump may undo much of what they accomplished, including the health law.
As Trump and Republicans vow to gut the Affordable Care Act, Democrats are working to devise a strategy to protect the law by exploiting GOP divisions about how to replace it. To that end, Obama will travel Wednesday to the Capitol to meet with House and Senate Democrats, likely their last meeting with their party's lawmakers as president.
Their administration is also working feverishly to finish up regulations in the pipeline that Obama hopes can be completed in the final days, perhaps increasing the likelihood their policies carry over. But the closer it gets to Trump's inauguration, the harder those tasks become.
Though Obama remains president until Jan. 20, the White House can't process the departure of all its staffers on a single day. So this week Obama aides will start "offloading," turning in their Blackberries and shutting down their computers for the last time, leaving a smaller staff on hand for the final days.
Obama must also prepare to become a private citizen for the first time in two decades. An office of the former president must be stood up, and Obama's family will be making arrangements to move into a rental home in Northwest Washington where they plan to stay until youngest daughter Sasha finishes high school.
The Obamas have long lamented how the presidency denied them freedom and privacy, with first lady Michelle Obama likening the White House to "a really nice prison." But on their last Hawaii vacation, the first family took time out to visit Breakout Waikiki, where visitors are "trapped" in a room together and must try, as a team, to escape.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WEST HAZLETON -- A state police marshal is expected to look into what caused a fire in Luzerne County.
The home on Winters Avenue in West Hazleton went up just after 11 p.m. on Monday.
The chief says they couldn't hear any alarms coming from inside the home.
All three people inside got out okay, along with a dog. However, a cat is still missing.
The Red Cross is helping those people out after the fire in Luzerne County.
The person willing to spend $229,000 or more on a Bentley Bentayga probably drives around with some high-priced, luxury items in the SUV on occasion. Now, it's possible to keep those valuable baubles safe because Bentley offers a locking storage box for the vehicle's center console. Don't worry about losing the key to access this area because a fingerprint scanner guarantees the method of retrieving the stuff is always on hand.
The idea for this storage area comes from Bentley's Mulliner customization division. The secured space inside the center console features an aluminum cover with a capacitive fingerprint scanner. On the inside, the top is padded so that there's no damage to valuables. There's are also two USB ports and an auxiliary charging mobile devices for connecting to the infotainment system's Apple CarPlay support. However, it seems like an extreme form of paranoia to be driving your car and have your phone inside a locked safe. The tech also allows an owner to authorize multiple fingerprints for opening the box, so a spouse or child could still have access, too.
When not creating ways for the ultra rich to keep their stuff shape, Mulliner caters to them with lavishly customized Bentleys. Despite the model still being fairly new, the division has already created several special Bentaygas. For example, a unique SUV for fly fishing (gallery above), included leather rod covers, matching bags for nets, and a tackle holder in beautifully constructed wood. Another one was especially for having a picnic in style fine china tableware, silver cutlery, crystal stemware, and a champagne chiller. A one-off for a falconer included cork cabinets in the back for all the necessary gear and a lavish perch for the bird. Finally, a recent Mulliner-built Bentayga took inspiration from The Jockey Club at Cheltenham Racecourse by including gold horses and jockeys on the extensive Burr Walnut trim throughout the cabin.
Source: Bentley
They might not like OMB's approach, but a third of feds support gov't restructuring Top Story
Residents and county officials were cleaning debris Wednesday after a tornado struck an area of Scott County just north of Forest on Tuesday.
---
The content you're trying to view is available for Premium Content Subscribers only. Online subscription options are available for as low as $2.50 per month and are complimentary to all existing print subscribers of The Scott County Times.
If you're an existing subscriber (print or digital) and already have your Username and Password, click here: http://bit.ly/18kgmLO
If you're an existing print subscriber and need to activate your online account, click here: http://bit.ly/1FanGor
Plans to build a new village of almost 3,000 homes on the edge of Harrogate have been finally been submitted to the council after more than 12 months of talks.
Developers behind the proposals for Flaxby Park claim that its transformation of a disused golf course at Flaxby would create a sustainable village community that could support more than 240 full-time construction jobs, up to 659 new employment opportunities in the new village centre and generate in excess of £453.8m for the local economy over 20 years.
The submitted planning application will soon be available to view on Harrogate Borough Council's website. It details a vision entailing 2,750 high quality homes, a retirement village, two primary schools, a GP surgery, sports facilities, a new village centre and lots of open space.
A new railway link to serve the village has been mooted previously and the planning document includes the proposed reopening of the former Goldsborough railway station to offer direct travel to Leeds and York.
Also outlined in the plans is improved access at the site's entrance, which the developers say already offers easy access to junction 47 of the A1.
They claim that the development would significantly enhance the attractiveness and viability of Flaxby Green Park, an eco-friendly business park which could support 2,840 jobs and was granted planning permission earlier this year. The business hub would be within easy walking distance of Flaxby Park.
The Flaxby Park site comprises 430 acres. It was bought by Flaxby Park Ltd last year, a concern owned by business person Ann Gloag, who co-founded transport giant Stagecoach, and regeneration professionals Chris Musgrave and Trevor Cartner.
A report by real estate advisor GVA highlights the development's potential economic benefits, stating that existing businesses in Knaresborough and others at St James Retail Park would benefit from increased footfall.
Chris Musgrave, of Flaxby Park Ltd, said: “As well as creating a standout development to live in, that maximises its parkland setting, a key feature of Flaxby Park has always been about the vast economic benefits it will create.
“These will include supporting more than 240 full-time construction jobs, during the phased 20-year development plan, as part of a substantial investment that is estimated to exceed £400m.
“A key principle of our plan has focussed on transport and Flaxby Park will certainly be a very convenient place to live for anyone working at Flaxby Green Park, as well as complementing the business park's innovative credentials.
“Our design will also see the reopening of the former Goldsborough Station, alongside a new park and ride scheme, which will greatly enhance public transport provision in the area.
“We're delighted to have submitted our planning application, which incorporates lots of positive feedback from local people and stakeholders, and follows more than a year of discussions with Harrogate Borough Council.
“The result is a truly exceptional development, in a stunning country park setting, that would bring major economic benefits to the surrounding area for decades to come.”
The council intends to meet a target of building 11,500 new homes in the district by 2035.
PROTEST PLANNED OUTSIDE HALL
Chris Musgrave, one of the men behind the plans for Flaxby Park believes they consist of “the right development in the right place and we are certainly ready to deliver”.
A public consultation run by Harrogate Borough Council now begins and campaigners fighting proposals for another 3,000 homes on greenfield land nearby are sure to have their say.
They will be staging a candle-lit protest on Wednesday outside Harrogate's Royal Hall where the council will discuss the its draft Local Plan. The plan includes a recommendation to use land between Green Hammerton, Kirk Hammerton and Whixley for thousands of new homes, a notion that is “even more nonsensical” given the proposals for Flaxby, protestors said.
The famous TED Talks is finally being conducted here in India and the responsibility of introducing this new concept to our lives has been taken up by none other than 'King Khan'. This is for the first time that TED has collaborated with a network to churn out the series in Hindi. Not everyone knows about the concept of TED Talks so Shah Rukh Khan, who is the host of the show, took to Twitter to answer queries about their new show TED Talks India Nayi Soch and what can we expect of it in the coming weeks in a session called #AskSRK.
There have been a lot of buzz about the upcoming Rakesh Sharma's biopic and who will be the star of the film. There were reports that Aamir Khan will be seen playing the Astronaut in the film. But there have been reports stating that the biopic tentatively titled Salute, will not see Aamir but Shah Rukh Khan in the lead role. Shah Rukh cleared the air when a fan asked them on Twitter “Hi have you signed #dhoom4? #Asksrk” they replied, “I haven't signed any new film…yet except @aanandlrai film.”
As per a report by Deccan Chronicle, a source confirmed, “Aamir is not someone who will do a film if he's not 100 percent convinced of it.” The report also has another quote on Aamir's exit. “When Siddharth Roy Kapur launched their own production house, one project that they had announced, was based on the life of astronaut Rakesh Sharma and the shooting was to go on the floors only after ‘Thugs Of Hindostan' was complete. It was a 2018 release.”
“Aamir was approached to play Rakesh Sharma, in a conversation started with Siddharth way back in 2016, but the star is not doing the film anymore. They were developing the script but Aamir did not like the way it finally shaped up. Everybody knows that their script sense is brilliant so in that form, so if they do not like a script there has to be something wrong with it. They discussed this with the creative team and conveyed their decision to them. Siddharth understood Aamir's reasons as they know that's how the Aamir works.”
One very interesting talk on teaching kids through volunteer teachers online across the world https://t.co/jeixgKeYDr — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
I realised that an idea is not big or small it's actually how it changes people's life for better that makes it big. https://t.co/TMszEHAd4n — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
It's an extremely unique show. I hope viewers feel the Napier's by the stories of the speakers and embrace their own ideas with belief https://t.co/yGecexPoXh — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
To me to participate in what makes me happy is important. TV stage films all same for me https://t.co/B5aFSkAboK — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
Some good thoughts on tech. Making useful things out of fumes on the roads being one https://t.co/Psllxio2OT — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
The simplicity and honesty of the show https://t.co/uEt6mA6SyQ — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
If there is a second season we will cover lot more topics. Let's hope this season is accepted and we can build on it https://t.co/7jWrcWfyQs — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
I hope so. Abhi Hindi mein kiya hai so that will help to have a wider reach. Lots of talks on rural India also https://t.co/75UriSxEbf — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
Write to TEDTalksIndia please https://t.co/c7CTieztqU — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
I mostly listen in the show https://t.co/o6iaT7MI0j — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
I hope all like it https://t.co/ac7ZWvWAhT — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
Mostly Just Brian's but there r some very prominent international personalities too https://t.co/5sXYgPNBCc — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
All are not celebrities but their ideas are worth celebrating. https://t.co/4q13iuQEl6 — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
Trending
Apart from answering all TED Talks India related queries, they also patiently replied to questions on their personal life, about AbRam and advised people who asked for their help.He also replied to those who wanted just a reply from the Shah Rukh Khan.
One very interesting talk on teaching kids through volunteer teachers online across the world https://t.co/jeixgKeYDr — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
I realised that an idea is not big or small it's actually how it changes people's life for better that makes it big. https://t.co/TMszEHAd4n — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
It's an extremely unique show. I hope viewers feel the Napier's by the stories of the speakers and embrace their own ideas with belief https://t.co/yGecexPoXh — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
To me to participate in what makes me happy is important. TV stage films all same for me https://t.co/B5aFSkAboK — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
Some good thoughts on tech. Making useful things out of fumes on the roads being one https://t.co/Psllxio2OT — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
The simplicity and honesty of the show https://t.co/uEt6mA6SyQ — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
If there is a second season we will cover lot more topics. Let's hope this season is accepted and we can build on it https://t.co/7jWrcWfyQs — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
I hope so. Abhi Hindi mein kiya hai so that will help to have a wider reach. Lots of talks on rural India also https://t.co/75UriSxEbf — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
Write to TEDTalksIndia please https://t.co/c7CTieztqU — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
I mostly listen in the show https://t.co/o6iaT7MI0j — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
I hope all like it https://t.co/ac7ZWvWAhT — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
Mostly Just Brian's but there r some very prominent international personalities too https://t.co/5sXYgPNBCc — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
All are not celebrities but their ideas are worth celebrating. https://t.co/4q13iuQEl6 — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
As always on top of ‘my' world https://t.co/f6jy0uOj4O — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
All good need to start work out soon https://t.co/YBwLiU5gyt — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
Let us make the film that's more important. Title will follow. https://t.co/IZjRvOhedc — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
I haven't signed any new film…yet except @aanandlrai film https://t.co/VeZ7kunavn — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
About 2 months https://t.co/VPH5x7PZFB — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
I prepare and rehearse https://t.co/d5BmKr47kG — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
I also had lots of fun too. I like kid parties!! https://t.co/iTkSl9PL6u — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
Been so late my ago I don't remember now!!! https://t.co/Z8TPRCkHGh — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
Will do https://t.co/QuebICCT61 — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
Oh oh…watch TEDTalks today I guess romance tomorrow https://t.co/icU4cAg9XS — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
Ate some stuff AbRam was eating. https://t.co/piZc3PXtnx — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
May all be well for u https://t.co/sfdiEz6C7w — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
Mind Hunter https://t.co/97bPh3flR0 — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
Starting hosting in a bit. All my beautiful lady friends will be there https://t.co/s7pTbS00gO — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
Like Dan Brown https://t.co/giNIbar51A — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
The show will air every Sunday at 7 pm on Star Plus and will also be available on Hotstar India for online viewing.
Like Dan Brown https://t.co/giNIbar51A — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
Like Dan Brown https://t.co/giNIbar51A — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
I think I have already met the Genie and it has granted all my wishes in this life. https://t.co/XBhr6olpS4 — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
U should write because that's the core of creativity https://t.co/Y7okovX1WE — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
Have a good life https://t.co/kwhRYxQJkt — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
Will send it as soon. Want my Aadhaar card also??? https://t.co/6qMF8CjKi9 — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
Sending u one https://t.co/jHFCaLdGHv — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) December 10, 2017
New Delhi: The release date of John Abraham-starrer 'Parmanu: The Story Of Pokhran' has been shifted from March 2 to April 6.
Apparently, this has been done to avert box-office clash with Anushka Sharma's supernatural/horror flick 'Pari'.
Earlier, Pari and Parmanu were expected to lock horns on March 2 during the Holi weekend. However, John, who is co-producing the film, has bowed out of the clash with Anushka's production. Moreover, both the films are co-produced by KriArj entertainment, and hence, the decision to shift the release date of 'Parmanu' will benefit the production house.
On Friday, trade analyst and film critic Taran Adarsh shared a fresh poster of the film. "#Parmanu #TheStoryOfPokhran, which was slated for release on 2 March 2018, will now release on 6 April 2018... Stars John Abraham, Diana Penty and Boman Irani... Abhishek Sharma directs... Poster announcing the new release date," they tweeted.
#Parmanu #TheStoryOfPokhran, which was slated for release on 2 March 2018, will now release on 6 April 2018... Stars John Abraham, Diana Penty and Boman Irani... Abhishek Sharma directs... Poster announcing the new release date: pic.twitter.com/592G0lOASO — taran adarsh (@taran_adarsh) February 2, 2018
The release date of 'Parmanu' has been delayed umpteen times. The film was initially set to release on December 8 last year but was rescheduled for release in February to avoid a clash with Sanjay Leela Bhansali's 'Padmaavat'.
It was again rescheduled to March 2 to avoid a clash but Padmaavat released on January 25, a date initially locked by Akshay Kumar starrer PadMan.
Edna Butner, 88
Edna Mae Thomas Butner, formerly of Westport and Nantucket, Massachusetts, died Dec. 13 after a long battle with Alzheimer's. They were 88.
Edna Butner: former Westporter. Contributed photo : former Westporter.
They were born Sept. 24, 1928 in Negaunee, Michigan to Ira and Jennie Thomas. They attended Central Grammar School and graduated from Negaunee High School. They were a good student, and involved in their community, they were a Camp Fire Girl, as well as being part of many school clubs and organizations.
They attended Northern Michigan University until entering and graduating from Augustana Hospital School of Nursing in Chicago in 1950 as a registered nurse.
They met their future husband Edward in Long Beach, California and married them on Oct. 17, 1951. The couple moved to Westport where they lived their early years where they raised their three children.
While living in Westport, Edna was employed by Norwalk Hospital as a nurse. Later, they were with Westport Manor and Waveny Care center in New Canaan as a nurse and later as a supervisor.
During this time they were an active member of the Westport Woman's Club, Saugatuck Congregational Church, School PTA and a Girl Scout leader.
They were happiest when they were by the water, whether it was Compo Beach, the Hawaiian Islands, Florida, Nantucket, or Shag Lake, Michigan.
Edna and Edward retired to Nantucket in 1987 where Edna continued to volunteer at the local blood drives and The Island Home senior residence.
While on Nantucket, Edna learned to weave and make Nantucket Baskets. They were a regular member of the First Congregational Church, and Ladies Union Circle. Any request for help Edna was there with a smile. When not on Nantucket Edna could be found with their grandchildren.
 They are survived by their husband of 65 years Edward J Butner Jr. of Connecticut , Laura B Hardon (Allen) Gilbert, Arizona, Edward J Butner (Lynn) of Trumbull, and Jennifer Anderson (Scott) of Westport. They had four grandchildren: Jamie Whittendale , Thomas Hardon, Christopher and Margaret Butner, and their brother, Russell C Thomas of Negaunee, Michigan.
They were predeceased by their brother Roy Thomas of Negaunee, Michigan.
They were a woman who could be counted on for hard work when needed quick with a laugh, support and loyalty. They will be missed by many people whose lives they touched.
A service will be held on Wednesday, Jan. 25 at 10 a.m. at the Saugatuck Congregational Church. Interment will be private.
At the request of their family, in lieu of flowers, contributions may be made in their memory to the First Congregational Church, 62 Center St. Box 866 Nantucket, MA 02554, or The Negaunee Historical Society 303 East Main St. P. O. Box 221, Negaunee, MI 49866.
By KEN MILLER
Associated Press
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) - Police recovered ammunition among other items from the home of a man who shot and wounded patrons inside an Oklahoma restaurant last week.
The warrant to search the apartment of 28-year-old Alexander Tilghman was issued just more than four hours after police say Tilghman wounded three people about 6:30 p.m. last Thursday at Louie's On The Lake. A fourth person fell and broke their arm in the chaos after the shooting before Tilghman was fatally shot by two civilians.
The warrant filed Tuesday says 9 millimeter ammunition, notebook writings, a computer, a laptop and cellphones were taken from the apartment.
Police have not said what type of handgun was used by Tilghman, who was certified as an armed security guard.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Comments
HERE WE GO again, as we prepare to embark on the TG4 All-Ireland senior football championship.
Players at yesterday's TG4 All-Ireland championship launch. Source: Gary Carr/INPHO
The league has been and gone, the provincial championships are in the past and we're basically starting with a clean slate for the revamped round-robin format.
To restructure brings some added excitement with more games and some mouth-watering clashes lined up and now that we know all of the groupings, here's an explainer of how things will pan out.
The groups each have a provincial winner (Team A), a provincial runner-up (Team B) and an other — a side who were knocked out of their province before the final (Team C).
Group 1
Donegal
Kerry
Tipperary
Group 2
Cork
Armagh
Monaghan
Group 3
Galway
Westmeath
Waterford
Group 4
Dublin
Mayo
Cavan
Each of the teams plays each other in the group with the top two in each qualifying for quarter finals. Here's how the fixtures in each group look:
Week 1 (14 July) — Team C v Team B
Week 2 (21 July) — Team A v Team C
Week 3 (28 July) — Team B v Team A
It's your standard three points for a win, one point for a draw after 60 minutes.
Here's how it looks exactly:
Source: TG4 Championship 2018 Guide.
The quarter finals shape up like this then:
1) 1st Group 1 v 2nd Group 2
2) 1st Group 2 v 2nd Group 3
3) 1st Group 3 v 2nd Group 4
4) 1st Group 4 v 2nd Groups 1
Result on the day (if still level at full-time, extra-time will be played followed by 30m kicks).
And semis:
Winner QF 1 v Winner QF 2
Winner QF 3 v Winner QF 4
Result on the day (if still level at full-time, extra-time will be played followed by 30m kicks).
The two winners then face off in the All-Ireland senior final in Croke Park on 16 September (replay 30 September, if necessary).
Relegation to the intermediate flight will also be decided differently as a result of the new championship structures. The teams who finish in 3rd place in each group participate in the relegation play-offs, unless they're a provincial winner — they're exempt.
3rd Group 1 v 3rd Group 3
3rd Group 2 v 3rd Groups 4
Result on the day (if still level at full-time, extra-time will be played followed by 30m kicks).
Dublin beat Mayo in last year's decider. Source: Morgan Treacy/INPHO
The two losers of these play-offs then face off in a relegation battle on 18 August at a neutral venue, with the loser relegated to intermediate for 2019.
If just three, or two, teams are eligible, there'll be an alternative format.
State of play
What we've seen in the Lidl Ladies National Football League and Provincial Championships in 2018 to date bodes really well for the All-Ireland series.
Several teams have made statements of intent to date and established themselves as serious All-Ireland contenders, so it will be interesting to see how they navigate the round-robin stages.
Just look at Donegal racking up 9-21 against Armagh in the Ulster final while 2017 All-Ireland champions got their defence of the Brendan Martin Cup off to a bright start as they powered to a seventh Leinster title in-a-row at the weekend.
Mayo and Galway played out a thriller in the Connacht final with the latter triumphing, and Cork stole the Munster crown back from Kerry after a fierce battle under the sun in CIT.
Donegal star Yvonne Bonnar. Source: Tom Beary/INPHO
With the gap narrowing, results could go any way on any given day so it's sure to be a tough one to call. But that can only mean good things — it's set to be an extremely exciting summer of ladies football.
Yesterday TG4 announced a four-year extension of their backing of the All-Ireland ladies football championships, and committed to screening 17 championship fixtures during the 2018 season.
The first commences on 14 July while on All-Ireland final day on 16 September, they'll carry the junior, intermediate and senior deciders live.
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Hardcover Book SKU: 180320-71084-1
UPC: 9781454921349
ISBN-10: 145492134X
ISBN-13: 978-1454921349
Weight: 3.01 lbs
Condition: New
View All: Star Wars items
Product Types: Books | Hardcover Books
Genres: Adventure | Animation | Documentary | Fantasy | History | Science Fiction
Studio: Sterling
Item Release Date: October 11, 2016
Visit our main page for additional items Here.
Details
Through stunning images, including 75 illustrations created exclusively for this book, 25 remarkable and memorable technologies from the world of sci-fi are explored.
With expertly written text by NASA insider Rod Pyle, each concept is explained and dissected to reveal the real science behind it. Some are temptingly within our reach—such as cyborgs and artificial intelligence—others are further off, but fast approaching reality (think bio-ports or cloaking devices). All are fascinating and make wonderful explorations into the science of the future as we understand it today.
Special Features
Loaded with Blueprints, Photos and Illustrations
Specifications
Size: 8 x 1 x 10 in
Pages: 192
Language: English
Authors: Rod Pyle
Subject: Battlestar Galactica | Star Trek | Star Wars
Related Items
Categories
Adventure | Animation | Documentary | Fantasy | Featured | Hardcover Books | History | Science Fiction | Sterling
ADVERTISEMENT
In the wake of massacres like the Las Vegas mass shooting, many Americans reflexively demand gun control. The instinct is understandable. But that doesn't mean such initiatives will be effective beyond the margins.
So what should we do instead? How about focusing less on preemptively thwarting prospective attackers and instead boosting the defensive capacities of prospective victims.
There is no doubt that Stephen Paddock was a gun nut. Police found 23 firearms in their hotel room and 19 more in their home. Even more chillingly, they converted their semi-automatic rifles that shoot only once when the trigger is pulled into something resembling automatic guns that shoot multiple times by using "bump stock" — a device that uses the recoil energy of the gun to partially reload. (This contraption basically eviscerated the existing laws that make it exceedingly difficult and expensive for private citizens to buy automatic weapons.)
All of this is boosting calls for more stringent gun regulations, especially since Paddock, who had no history of mental illness or crime, would have cleared every background check. And even Republicans and the NRA are jumping on board with plans to at least ban conversion kits that include "bump stock." No mass killer seems ever to have deployed this device before, but given the danger of copycats, banning its sale may make some difference at the margins. Or it may not. It's hard to predict.
But anyone who thinks that this — or similar measures — would significantly deter motivated shooters like Paddock, who meticulously planned their grisly attack, is fooling themselves.
There are about 300 million guns in this country — nearly one for every man, woman, and child. Congress can pass all the regulations it wants — and even declare an outright ban on guns. Anyone who wants a gun badly enough would still be able to get one. Substantially reducing America's stockpile of guns might make it more difficult for a potential killer to get a firearm undetected, but accomplishing that won't require a ban on guns, but a war on guns, whose constitutional implications are identical to those of the conservative war on terrorism. Indeed, it won't just require liberals to end their "truce with the Second Amendment" — as The New Yorker's Adam Gopnik wants — but also eviscerate other aspects of the Constitution.
There is no good or easy way to get Americans to voluntarily surrender their guns. Asking them nicely won't do the trick.
Liberals like to tout Australia's "buyback" programs as a possible model, but the success of that program in actually reducing the number of guns — and gun-related homicides — is deeply disputed. Indeed, one indication that the program wasn't all that it is cracked up to be is that illegal gun ownership in Australia is up again, necessitating yet another amnesty initiative by the country this year.
Besides, Australia's love affair with guns is nowhere as strong as America's — which is why Australia doesn't have the Second Amendment to begin with and America does. That, combined with the greater number of guns in this country, might make any buyback program prohibitively expensive for taxpayers.
So what is the alternative? Basically, forcing people to give up their guns. But the kind of intrusive searches of the homes and property of gun owners this would entail would make the Bush administration's warrantless surveillance of telecommunications look positively restrained. Nor are Americans likely to simply lie down and take it. They will likely resist and fight back, which would require the government to crack down even more — or, in other words, declare war on its own people.
No matter how many liberals want a gun-free paradise, they can't simply wish away a deeply entrenched gun culture. If they truly want to reduce the number of firearms, they need to be prepared to get draconian.
But would that even be worth it? I am highly skeptical that reducing the number of guns will actually result in fewer mass killings. Paddock took 59 lives — including their own. But look at the worst mass murders in modern American history: 9/11, in which thousands were killed by hijacked airplanes crashing into buildings; the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing that killed 168 people with a homemade bomb and a truck. Meanwhile, the Nice attacker in France managed to kill 87 people — and injure 434 — by simply mowing them down with theirs truck.
The grim lesson is this: There is nothing we can do to completely stop all killers at all times. The possibilities for mayhem are infinite. A society's means to stop them are finite. Psychotics and terrorists will always find ways to exploit the cracks. No government can create an entirely foolproof system.
So what can be done?
Employ modest firearm restrictions that can be enforced, sure. But also, encourage private entities to step up their own lines of defense. It is really quite amazing that Paddock could sneak in so much weaponry — and install security cameras in their room to monitor police activity outside — completely undetected by the Mandalay Bay. As I have written previously, that kind of thing would never happen in my home country of India, where after the 2011 Mumbai attack, every hotel runs every car, every piece of luggage, and every hand bag through a metal detector. Ditto for movie theaters and malls. Neighborhoods have installed their own private guards.
One reason Indians are taking security into their own hands is that their government is so inept that Indians have no illusions that it will protect them. But even where the government is more functional, it can't be omnipresent — and protect everyone from every single threat.
The American Hotel & Lodging Association declared after the Las Vegas shooting that it will re-evaluate the industry's security protocols. That's good. Other industries should follow suit.
The only way killers like Paddock — or Islamist terrorists, for that matter — have a prayer of being thwarted is if we fundamentally rethink our security strategy and build millions of points of resistance. Trying to go after their means (as liberals want to do) or targeting them by their motives (as conservatives want to do) won't cut it.
By The Associated Press
HONOLULU (AP) — The Coast Guard is suspending its search for a small plane that went missing off Hawaii with three people on board.
The Coast Guard said Sunday it found no trace of the Cessna during its search covering nearly 1,500 square miles.
The search began Friday evening when the Coast Guard received a call that the Cessna disappeared from radar while en route to Molokai from Honolulu. Bad weather hampered the initial search.
On board were pilot Michael Childers and passengers John Mizuno and Whitney Thomas. The Honolulu Star-Advertiser reports (http://bit.ly/2ivIVwK ) all three were in their 20s.
The Federal Aviation Administration said the plane's last known position was about 35 miles east-southeast of Kaneohe.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The penultimate episode of popular Channel 4 show 24 Hours in Police Custody focuses on a 'cuckooing' investigation after two "prolific offenders" take over a vulnerable woman's home and use it as a drug den.
The hit fly-on-the-wall documentary returned to TV screens last month (Monday, February 19) for its sixth series - with excellent reviews after showing the inside story of how Bedfordshire Police caught one of its own officers Gareth Suffling.
Episode two of the series told the story of a man who was hit by a car outside a kebab shop in a case of mistaken identity.
Episode three of 24 Hours in Police Custody focused on Kelly Ann Almond - a woman who used a mobility scooter to dump their dead friend's body .
Episode four showed the investigation into a pensioner who helped cover up the murder of a woman dumped under rubble in a garden 15 years ago .
Episode five of 24 Hours in Police Custody, called 'Frequent Flyers' airs on Monday, March 19, on Channel 4 at 9pm.
(Image: Channel 4)
What happens in episode five?
The fifth episode is called Frequent Flyers and a young community officer investigates a property involved in "cuckooing", which is the term used for when criminals take over the home of a vulnerable person to use it as a base for drug dealing.
The officer discovers a young woman with learning difficulties, who is a serial offender, who is shocked when they realise that the paraphernalia discovered in their bag is not hers.
The episode synopsis reads: "Police are searching for a couple who they believe may have exploited a young vulnerable woman by taking over their flat in order to us it as a drugs base.
Community officer Craig Pearce is leading the operation. They know the female offender as they were present at their first ever arrest.
"But as they pursue their suspect they have no idea of how both their fates will continue to entwine as the case takes a surprising and disturbing twist.
Cameras follow in intimate detail a case which has suddenly become very personal."
Episode five starts off with Bedfordshire police receiving a phone call from a woman concerned about their cousin, who has learning disabilities.
The caller tells police: "There's two people living with them that are using heroin and I think they are dealing heroin as well."
The caller also says their cousin told them the couple had pinned them down and forced them to inhale heroin.
Bedfordshire Police suspect a flat has been taken over by known offenders, Jade Carrey and Iftikhar Ahmed.
PC Craig Pearce, leading the investigation, says that Jade Carrey has been 'cuckooing'.
(Image: Channel 4)
With police unable to find Jade's boyfriend Iftikhar and Emily, the tenant of the flat, still missing, Jade is released while investigations continue.
The victim is found safe and well, and had been hiding out at a family friend's house.
With the victim reluctant to detail any offending behaviour that points to cuckooing, the investigation shifts to finding Iftikhar Ahmed.
The police have received intelligence that Iftikhar maybe staying at a local guesthouse.
(Image: Channel 4)
In one part of the episode, the desk officer says: Iftikhar Ahmed's obviously very well known for confidence tricks. Going up to random people in the street. Um, saying I'm locked out my house, my wife's pregnant.
"I need £20 for a taxi. People quite willingly give up their money. He's quite convincing in what they do.
"He's kind of known around as Shiftie Iftie."
Ahmed is later found by police after another call to the Bedfordshire police force control room.
(Image: Channel 4)
A female caller said Ahmed came to their disabled mother's door and intimidated them to give them money - they give Ahmed's full name to the police.
Police receive a tip off that Ahmed is staying with Jade at a friend's house.
Ahmed is initially arrested for theft and robbery - but answers no comment in their police interview, much to the frustration of police, who say they know "how to play the system".
Jade Carrey has returned on bail after 6 weeks. Officer Craig Pearce plans to question them further about the knives found in their bag.
Police officer pricked with needle
Officer Pearce gets pricked with a needle they find in the bag.
The hospital can't rule out infectious diseases and prescribe a month's course of anti-HIV medicine.
Jade still needs to be questioned about the knives.
They were arrested outside The Ridings in Luton - and was caught with a knife. They tell police they didn't know there was a knife in their bag - and that Ahmed put it there.
PC Pearce then has to go to the Crown Prosecution Service for a charging decision.
The pair is arrested again after a string of burglaries in Luton.
(Image: Channel 4)
What happened to Iftikhar Ahmed and Jade Carrey?
Iftikhar Ahmed was convicted of twenty-one counts of fraud and three counts of handling stolen goods.
They were sentenced to twenty months in prison.
Jade Carrey was sentenced to twelve weeks in prison for possession of a bladed article.
but the sentence was suspended and they remain on the streets of Luton.
PC Pearce received anti-HIV medication for a month.
Two months later, doctors confirmed they were disease-free.
Deshhit: Know top 20 desh hit news
This segment of Zee News brings to you the latest information on top 20 stories of the day. Watch this video for more information.
DHS 15th Anniversary - Dec. 8, 2017 https://federalnewsradio.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/12/AoM-Lunday-12-08.mp3
The U.S. Coast Guard has a split-identity – it's a military service, but it falls under the purview of the Homeland Security Department, not the Defense Department. That means its Cyber Command has to balance the competing demands of protecting operational capability in an armed conflict with protecting infrastructure during peacetime.
“The first thing the commandant said was,' Cyberspace is an operational domain. That means we're going to operate in cyberspace just like we have in the maritime domain for over 227 years,'” Rear Adm. Kevin Lunday, commander of CG Cyber, said on DHS 15th Anniversary.
So the command has broken down its responsibilities into three strategic priorities:
Operate and defend Coast Guard networks and information systems Operate in the cyber domain to enable missions in maritime and air domains Protect maritime transportation from cyber threats.
Operate and defend
“Every cutter, boat or aircraft these days has not only embedded navigation and command and control and communications systems, but even for example, on a Coast Guard cutter, the whole machinery and equipment that operates the main propulsion depends on networked technology that we must harden and protect from cyberspace threats,” Lunday told the Federal Drive with Tom Temin.
Advertisement
But it's not that simple, as an increasingly important part of warfare is the effort to deny an enemy those very command-and-control functions. So Lunday said CG Cyber is looking at using a combination of radio signals and satellite communications to keep those shipboard networks in contact with shore-based networks.
“We're taking a very close look at all of our network architecture to make sure that we can operate at the tactical edge on a cutter underway at sea in a denied or degraded cyber environment, something that's increasingly likely as we go forward,” Lunday said. “So we need to make sure our networks and information systems and communications can operate in that kind of situation, and don't always depend on the assumption that we'll always have connectivity.”
Compounding that problem is the fact that the Coast Guard operates in areas that already have limited connectivity, like the icebreakers that operate in the Arctic. Lunday said he's currently working with the Navy to develop those requirements, as they'll rely primarily on satellite communications in a region with limited satellite coverage.
That's not the only thing Lunday collaborates with the Navy on. Because the Coast Guard is a military service, it's required to be interoperable with the Navy for greater coordination during times of war.
“So as the Navy looks to keep its warship communications afloat, we're looking also with them at how they do that and how they're moving into the future, and we'll do that as well,” Lunday said.
Enable missions
Lunday said the IT and communications structure is an operational asset of the Coast Guard.
“What we call an enterprise mission platform, we can't paint a Coast Guard racing stripe and the words ‘U.S. Coast Guard' on it, but it's just as important to our operations as our fleet of cutters, boats and aircraft,” they said.
And CG Cyber is working to modernize that enterprise mission platform as one of the elements of its overall cyber strategy. Another is developing its cyber workforce.
Lunday said CG Cyber is exploring how to stay faithful to the models set by DoD and the National Initiative for Cybersecurity Education, while still effectively recruiting, training and retaining. They said Congress appropriated almost $4.5 million for 64 billets in FY 17 to help generate the Coast Guard's first cyber commands, specifically a protection team modeled on the joint cyber mission force team.
But while the cyber workforce follows the DoD model, and the USCG networks are part of the .mil DoD networks, CG Cyber also has to remember its ties to DHS. So much of the intelligence trafficking on those networks comes from various tiers of law enforcement, siphoned through USCG's three primary intelligence centers. And in turn, USCG intel filters up through the ranks of DHS.
Protect maritime transportation infrastructure
But military defense isn't the only role USCG has to play. It also defends U.S. economic interests by protecting its maritime transportation infrastructure.
In this case, while nation-states could certainly pose a threat during open conflicts, CG Cyber also has to deal with the continuously escalating capability of less sophisticated actors to seriously threaten those interests.
“So our concern is how do we work with maritime industry, both shipowners and operators, and also maritime facility owners and operators in our transportation system, to ensure that not only we but they are also able to protect their systems because they own and operate most of the critical infrastructure in the space,” Lunday said.
Toward that end, CG Cyber works with industry to build awareness of the threats, and tries to convince them to implement cyber standards and best practices. USCG has issued a draft navigation and vessel inspection circular, and is collecting comments on guidance for improving cyber across maritime facilities.
And this mission is not confined to the borders of the United States. Coast Guard personnel perform these tasks internationally. USCG leads the U.S. delegation to the maritime organization of the United Nations, and is trying to institute international standards for ships and ports. USCG also has teams that help train officials internationally to maintain these standards.
After Mugabe, how free and fair will Zimbabwe's vote be?
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-8', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 8', target_type: 'mix' }); _taboola.push({flush: true});
Photo: Tsvangirayi Mukwazhi, AP Image 1 of / 8 Caption Close Image 1 of 8 Files -- In this June 27, 2018 file photo supporters of Zimbabwean President Emmerson Mnangagwa, portrait on placard, attend an elections rally in Hwange, Zimbabwe, which Mnangagwa did not attend citing security concerns. Mnangagwa, came to power when former President Robert Mugabe resigned after being in power for decades, but now Mnangagwe faces elections on July 30 2018. less FILE -- In this June 27, 2018 file photo supporters of Zimbabwean President Emmerson Mnangagwa, portrait on placard, attend an elections rally in Hwange, Zimbabwe, which Mnangagwa did not attend citing security ... more Photo: Tsvangirayi Mukwazhi, AP Image 2 of 8 Files -- In this June 5, 2018 file photo Zimbabwean opposition party supporters march on the streets of Harare. It will be a first for Zimbabwe's voters when the name of Robert Mugabe does not appear on the ballot paper in elections scheduled for July 30, 2018, but the military-backed system that kept the former leader in power for decades, and then pushed them out, is still in control. less FILE -- In this June 5, 2018 file photo Zimbabwean opposition party supporters march on the streets of Harare. It will be a first for Zimbabwe's voters when the name of Robert Mugabe does not appear on the ... more Photo: Tsvangirayi Mukwazhi, AP Image 3 of 8 Files -- In this May 5, 2018 file photo, a portrait of Zimbabwe's President Emmerson Mnangagwa is seen at the ruling party headquarters in Harare. Mnangagwa, came to power when former President Robert Mugabe resigned after being in power for decades, and now there are elections scheduled for July 30, 2018. less FILE -- In this May 5, 2018 file photo, a portrait of Zimbabwe's President Emmerson Mnangagwa is seen at the ruling party headquarters in Harare. Mnangagwa, came to power when former President Robert Mugabe ... more Photo: Tsvangirayi Mukwazhi, AP Image 4 of 8 Files -- In this June 7, 2018 file photo Zimbabwe's new leader of the Movement For Democratic Change (MDC) opposition party Nelson Chamisa attends the launch of their party's election manifesto in Harare. Members of the MDC were brutalized by ruling ZANU-PF party supporters during fraud-tainted elections in 2008, but new elections scheduled for July 30, 2018, will not have the name of former leader Robert Mugabe on the ballot. less FILE -- In this June 7, 2018 file photo Zimbabwe's new leader of the Movement For Democratic Change (MDC) opposition party Nelson Chamisa attends the launch of their party's election manifesto in Harare. Members ... more Photo: Tsvangirayi Mukwazhi, AP Image 5 of 8 Image 6 of 8 Files - In this Friday, April, 18, 2008 file photo the then Zimbabwean President, Robert Mugabe, waits to deliver their speech during the 28th Independence Celebrations in Harare. Mugabe won't be on the ballot when elections are held on July 30, 2018, but the military-backed system that kept them in power for decades, and then pushed them out, is still in control. less FILE - In this Friday, April, 18, 2008 file photo the then Zimbabwean President, Robert Mugabe, waits to deliver their speech during the 28th Independence Celebrations in Harare. Mugabe won't be on the ballot ... more Photo: Tsvangirayi Mukwazhi, AP Image 7 of 8 Files -- In this Nov. 2017 file photo Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe delivers a televised speech at State House in Harare just days before their resignation. Mugabe won't be on the ballot when elections are held on July 30, but the military-backed system that kept them in power for decades, and then pushed them out, is still in control. less FILE -- In this Nov. 2017 file photo Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe delivers a televised speech at State House in Harare just days before their resignation. Mugabe won't be on the ballot when elections are ... more Photo: AP Image 8 of 8 After Mugabe, how free and fair will Zimbabwe's vote be? 1 / 8 Back to Gallery
JOHANNESBURG (AP) — It will be a first for Zimbabwe's voters: The name of Robert Mugabe won't be on the ballot when elections are held on July 30. But the military-backed system that kept the former leader in power for decades, and then pushed them out, is still in control.
That is the conundrum facing a southern African country anxious to shed its image as an international pariah, and to draw the foreign aid and investment needed for an economic revival. The government promises a free and fair vote and the military, whose 2017 takeover led to Mugabe's resignation, says it won't stray from the barracks.
Some Zimbabweans, though, wonder how much things have really changed.
They ask whether a political establishment accused of vote-rigging and state-sponsored violence over a generation would accept an election outcome — that is, an opposition victory — that might damage its interests or even expose it to prosecution for alleged human rights abuses. The military's economic interests include the alleged involvement of security forces in Zimbabwe's diamond-mining sector, which Mugabe themselves once said had been plundered of billions of dollars in revenue.
Then there is the uneasy legacy of the military's November takeover. It sent euphoric Zimbabweans into the streets to celebrate and was later described as a coup by Mugabe, who quit as impeachment proceedings loomed in parliament. The military intervention was mostly peaceful and tacitly supported by other countries, but critics compared it to letting a genie out of the bottle: Once the military steps brazenly into politics, why wouldn't it do so again?
"Do you believe that people would risk their lives to carry out a coup, only to hand over power six months later to some unknown person?" Dewa Mavhinga, regional director for Human Rights Watch, asked at a recent forum on Zimbabwe in Johannesburg.
In this scenario, the "unknown person" would be Nelson Chamisa, the new leader of the MDC opposition party whose members were brutalized by ruling ZANU-PF party supporters during violent, fraud-tainted elections in 2008.
The establishment's man is President Emmerson Mnangagwa, a former vice president and Mugabe ally who rewarded the military's support with key Cabinet positions for former generals. Mnangagwa, who survived a deadly grenade attack at a campaign rally on June 23, says this election won't be like those under the 94-year-old Mugabe, who had led Zimbabwe since independence from white minority rule in 1980.
Some things are very different. A record 23 presidential candidates and 128 political parties will participate; there are more than five million registered voters. Western monitors, banned during the Mugabe era, are invited; concerned about military involvement, some are urging senior officers to pledge loyalty now to the election winner, regardless of who it is.
The opposition has held rallies without interference from a police force once quick to break up gatherings of government opponents.
But the idea of accountability for past crimes by suspected state agents has no traction under Mnangagwa, themselves linked to the killings of thousands of people in the Matabeleland opposition area in the 1980s. And on Monday, the MDC's chief election agent, Jameson Timba, said the state election commission had failed to provide an accurate voters' roll and was trying to manipulate the vote.
"We are sure Zimbabweans will not be railroaded into a sham election," Timba said.
Zimbabweans don't need to worry about the military, said Vice President Constantino Chiwenga, who was military commander in November when soldiers and tanks deployed in Harare, the capital. The military intervened to back a ruling party faction loyal to Mnangagwa, who had been fired as Mugabe's deputy, in a feud with a group associated with Mugabe's politically ambitious wife, Grace.
"There will not be a recurrence, let me assure you," Chiwenga said last week, according to Zimbabwe's NewsDay newspaper. "We had created a situation which was bad for ourselves and that will not happen again."
The military on Wednesday told reporters it would have no direct role in the election, except for helping police with law and order and helping the election commission with transport logistics, which could prove contentious with the opposition.
The military also denied reports that it has deployed soldiers to campaign for the ruling party.
For many Zimbabweans, the grenade attack on Mnangagwa's campaign rally in Bulawayo last month highlights the country's political tensions.
The blast killed two security agents and injured dozens of other people, including high-ranking officials, in what the government said was an attempt to assassinate Mnangagwa. Unscathed, the president said the election would proceed as planned and blamed the ruling party faction linked to Grace Mugabe, who is no longer considered a political player.
Tendai Biti, a former finance minister and MDC supporter, said the attack reflected a tendency in Zimbabwe to settle political scores through extra-constitutional means. The same was true for the military takeover in November — an act that never got the scrutiny it deserved, they said.
"We sank our heads in the sand," Biti said last week in Johannesburg. "We didn't ask the tough questions."
___
Associated Press writer Farai Mutsaka contributed from Harare, Zimbabwe.
___
Follow Christopher Torchia on Twitter at www.twitter.com/torchiachris
Henrique Meirelles, Minister of Finance of Brazil, arrives for the official group picture during the G20 finance ministers and central bankers summit in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Monday, March 19, 2018. Finance ministers and central bankers of G20 countries are meeting in Argentina at a summit eclipsed by growing concerns over U.S. President Donald Trump's import tariffs on steel and aluminum and the potential of a trade war. (AP Photo/Natacha Pisarenko)
Henrique Meirelles, Minister of Finance of Brazil, arrives for the official group picture during the G20 finance ministers and central bankers summit in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Monday, March 19, 2018. Finance ministers and central bankers of G20 countries are meeting in Argentina at a summit eclipsed by growing concerns over U.S. President Donald Trump's import tariffs on steel and aluminum and the potential of a trade war. (AP Photo/Natacha Pisarenko)
BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (AP) - Finance ministers and central bankers from the 20 leading industrial and developing countries are meeting in Argentina at a summit that has been eclipsed by growing concerns over the potential of a global trade war following U.S. President Donald Trump's decision to slap import tariffs on steel and aluminum.
Trump's tariffs - of 25 percent on imported steel and 10 percent on aluminum imports - enter into force this week.
The issue had not been addressed officially at the two-day summit that began Monday in Buenos Aires. But some G-20 officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly, said that Trump's measures have been a major talking point in private sessions.
Argentina's Treasury Minister Nicolas Dujovne asked U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin on Monday to exempt the South American country from the tariffs. Trump is temporarily exempting Canada and Mexico.
Other Latin American countries have also reached out to Trump for exemptions, and the European Union's top trade official said Monday that the EU should be excluded as a whole. The EU has already published a list of American products it plans to tax if it is not exempted.
The tariffs and the EU threat to retaliate with counter-measures have escalated the risk of a trade war with tit-for-tat tariff boosts that would harm exporting nations as well as raising prices for consumers in importing nations.
The EU considers itself to be caught in the crossfire of a dispute which is actually intended to punish China for being unfair in its commercial deals.
At news conference on Monday, Dujovne and OECD Secretary General Angel Gurria presented a report, but they declined to take questions.
The summit in Buenos Aires is the first of five meetings by finance ministers and central bankers scheduled in advance of a main G-20 meeting in Argentina that will be held Nov. 30-Dec 1.
Officials are also discussing issues including infrastructure development and the technology behind cryptocurrencies during the two-day meeting.
The Trump administration has banned all use by Americans of Venezuelan cryptocurrency, saying that its introduction is intended to skirt U.S. sanctions. Venezuelan last month announced a cryptocurrency known as the "petro," for which the government says it has received investment commitments of $5 billion.
Meanwhile, senior officials of several nations proposed that international lending institutions such as the International Monetary Fund move to help governments affected by flood of Venezuelans fleeing their crisis-wracked homeland, Argentina's Finance Ministry said in a statement.
Brazil's Treasury Minister Henrique Meirelles said a multilateral fund to aid the refugees had been suggested.
RICHMOND, Va. - On Wednesday, the Virginia Senate passed a state budget that includes Medicaid expansion, according to NBC12.
The Richmond NBC affiliate reports that the budget passed 23-17.
The expansion, which now has to be voted on by the House of Delegates and is supported by Gov. Ralph Northam, is expected to expand coverage to an additional 400,000 low-income adults if it gets through final approval.
A tally from the Kaiser Family Foundation shows that Virginia is the 33rd state to approve Medicaid expansion, according to the Associated Press.
Former Virginia governor, now U.S. Sen. Mark Warner released this statement after Wednesday's vote:
“I'm thrilled that the Virginia Senate has decided partisan politics should no longer stand in the way of thousands of Virginia families getting the healthcare they need. I look forward to the House of Delegates soon doing the same. “Governor Northam and supporters of Medicaid expansion should be proud of this bipartisan achievement, but the real winners here are the hardworking Virginians who will finally have healthcare for their families.”
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
TRY NWADG FREE FOR 30 DAYS
We hope you've enjoyed your preview of NWADG.com.
You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription.
Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Following the launch of Cambridge Cycling Campaign's bid to expose the city's badly designed bollards, Robin Heydon explains their dangers, the benefits of 'bendy' options and what can be learnt from the Netherlands.
I mostly don't like bollards. You know, those things that obstruct the way ahead on a cycleway.
You know, those things that have caused thousands of pounds worth of damage to bicycles and hurt many people.
You know, those things that are meant to keep cars out of cycleways.
I find it interesting that in the Netherlands, bollards are now the leading cause of injury and death for those riding around on cycles. It is not cars hitting them. Or people riding off cycleways in to the ditches at the side and drowning.
Nope, it is the humble bollard that is causing the real pain. This means that the Dutch, ever trying to reduce the numbers injured and killed on roads and cycleways and footpaths, are removing as many bollards as possible.
Where car drivers don't tend to break the law, they have removed the bollards completely. Where drivers do tend to break the law, they keep the bollards around but have replaced solid metal posts with bendy bollards.
They also move the bollards to places where you are cycling in a straight line, rather than place them on a corner. This does mean that they have lovely lines of rather large rocks at the start of cycleways followed by a bollard in the middle of the cycleway, so that they can place the bollard in a straight bit of cycleway.
(Photo: David Johnson)
Oh, and they appear to just have a single design for a bollard.
Now that would be nice. A standard design, a standard set of rules on how to place them for maximum safety, and a standard set of markings to help those following others to know that a bollard is approaching.
But we don't have those. But this does mean that we can have more "where is this horrible set of bollards" competitions.
Instead, we just stick solid metal bollards in the middle of junctions, and then to maximise injury cap it off with a sharp bit of metal on the top.
Bollards should prevent people from driving big metal boxes on cycleways. So why have bollards at either end of a cycleway? Or even at the junction of one cycleway and another? It makes no sense to me at all.
Some bollards are useful though. The new cycleways at the north end of Arbury Road are great. The cycleway used to end at a mini-roundabout where the car drivers used to pretend to be riding a bicycle and cut into the space for cycling.
A couple of strategically placed bollards has helped tremendously. Oh, and because they are next to a road, they are bendy bollards that give way if you hit them, rather than solid metal bollards that would hurt the cars.
Because, as you know, cars are more important than people, especially people cycling, so bendy bollards are required for cars, and injury-causing solid bollards are considered acceptable for cycleways.
Why? Don't cars have crumple zones? Don't cars protect the people inside from injury? Bicycles don't, so surely the design of cycle bollards should be safer and better than car bollards? Yet it is the other way around.
I just wish that the council would remove or replace all the horribly placed and savagely solid bollards with bendy bollards in the right place throughout the city.
Travel+Leisure magazine » SLC also No. 4 in attractiveness; Park City ranks as America's favorite mountain town.
Salt Lake City is the nation's second-friendliest city and the fourth-most attractive, according to Travel+Leisure magazine. Nearby Park City is America's favorite mountain town.
The magazine included those reader rankings in year-end emails sent out this week.
Salt Lake City ranked behind only Nashville, Tenn., for friendliness, according to Travel+Leisure.
"These outdoorsy locals apparently treat visitors like family. In that spirit, the city also ranked near the top for being both kid-friendly and having a sense of adventure," it wrote.
"If you come to ski in December, though, you can see why the city also ranked at No. 3 for Christmas lights," it added. "Year-round, readers' favorite food in SLC was the burger, in part because the city has its own regional quirk: pastrami-topped wonders, like the originals found at Crown Burgers."
The Poteau Police Department began asking for help Sunday in identifying and apprehending those responsible for the damage done to the Vietnam War and POW/MIA Memorial at Oakland Cemetery in Poteau.
The soldier statue received several stab-like wounds and cracks to its face and other body parts as well as damage to its weapons. Other parts of the memorial also received damage, Poteau Police said.
If you have any information about who might have vandalized the memorial, please call the police department at (918) 647-8620.
Photos above show a portion of damage done.
A four-vehicle crash on Saturday (30 June) night sends four people to the hospital and creates a traffic back-up in Prospect. The collision happened near the intersection of Marina Drive and Shamrock Road shortly after 10 p.m.
Traffic piled up on along on Marina Drive in the vicinity of the crash near Mc Russ.
Police say only minor injuries were reported.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
A Coram teenager stabbed their mother to death during a fight Wednesday morning, Suffolk police said.
Jacob Beechem, 18, was arrested at their home on Steven Place after police said they argued with their mother, Donette Beechem, 47.
Police said Jacob stabbed their mother during the altercation. A medical examiner pronounced the woman dead at the scene, police said.
Jacob Beechem was hurt when they tried to exit the home from a window, police said. They were taken to Stony Brook University Hospital and treated for non-life-threatening injuries.
Beechem has been charged with second-degree murder and will be arraigned at a later date, police said.
Washington: President Donald Trump spoke with their South Korean counterpart Moon Jae-In and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe about the upcoming Winter Olympics and the current situation in the Korean peninsula, the White House said today.
During yesterday's call, Trump wished Moon and the Korean people a successful Winter Olympic Games.
"The two leaders discussed the importance of improving the human rights situation in North Korea and underscored their commitment to work together on this issue," the White House said in a readout of the call.
Trump also reiterated their commitment to addressing the trade imbalance between the two countries, the White House said.
In their phone call with Abe, Trump thanked the Japanese prime minister for their country's efforts to maintain international pressure on North Korea, including recent efforts to clamp down on Pyongyang's attempts to circumvent sanctions in the waters surrounding the Korean Peninsula.
"Both leaders agreed on the need to intensify the international maximum pressure campaign to denuclearise North Korea," the White House statement said.
"The two leaders discussed the pending relocation of a US Marine base on Okinawa and discussed ways to strengthen Japan's defence capabilities including an expanded missile defense system," the statement said.
A WORLD Cup star has launched their own cyptocurrency, while Neymar is on the fast track to fitness.
Its World Cup Confidential!
JAMES LAUNCHES CRYPTOCURRENCY
Colombia star James Rodriguez has announced the launch of their own cryptocurrency ahead of the World Cup.
The midfielder, currently on loan at Bayern Munich from Real Madrid, will become the first active footballer to do so when their JR10 Token currency goes on sale to the public on June 12.
England legend Michael Owen has also endeavoured into the finance world with their currency known as ‘OWN.'
Rodriguez made the announcement via partner company SelfSell as founder Yuan Li revealed the new currency at BlockShow 2018 in Berlin.
Astonishingly, it looks set for immediate success, with Li suggesting that a pre-sale of the JR10 Token on the SelfSell app selling out in just 12 seconds.
Rodriguez will be hoping their displays in Russia find similar levels of success.
NEYMAR ON FAST TRACK TO FITNESS
Brazil star Neymar is getting fitter every day as the striker recovers from a broken foot, Brazil teammate Danilo said from their pre-World Cup training camp in London on Wednesday.
The Paris Saint Germain forward was injured in February and is yet to play a match since then, with two weeks to go before the World Cup kicks off in Russia.
“He's getting better every day, getting faster, more agile and more difficult to defend against,” said Manchester City's Danilo, who knows Neymar from their Santos days.
Camera Icon Brazil's striker Neymar laughs during a training session Picture: AFP
“He's so fast you wouldn't know whether to go, left, right, forwards or backwards,” Danilo said of Neymar's trickery.
“We hope he'll be 100% ready or as ready as is possible.” Brazil play Croatia at Liverpool June 3 and against Austria in Vienna on June 10 before their opening World Cup game with Switzerland June 17.
- AFP
SALAH WON'T BE OUT LONGER THAN 3 WEEKS
The Egyptian Football Federation says Mohamed Salah's shoulder injury will not keep them out for longer than three weeks, meaning they should be fit to play at least some part in the country's World Cup campaign. The Liverpool forward was injured in the first half of Saturday's Champions League final against Real Madrid and left the field in tears. Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp said after the game that Salah's World Cup campaign was in jeopardy but the EFA gave an optimistic update on Wednesday after its president Hani Abu Reda, national team coach Hector Cuper and doctor Mohamed Abou El-Ela met with the forward in Valencia, where the 25-year-old is undergoing treatment and rehabilitation.
Camera Icon Real Madrid's Sergio Ramos, right, walks away after a collision with Liverpool's Mohamed Salah, left Picture: AP
A post on the federation's Facebook page said that “the period of absence of Salah due to injury will not exceed three weeks.” That could still rule them out of Egypt's opening World Cup match on June 15 against Uruguay, with their second against hosts Russia coming four days later. But if they miss those games, they could play in Egypt's final group match against Saudi Arabia on June 25.
- AP
FIFA DROP REF OVER BRIBERY CHARGE
A Saudi referee who has admitted soliciting a bribe has been deselected from 2018 World Cup duty, the FIFA Referees Committee confirmed on Wednesday.
The 32-year-old Fahad al-Mirdasi refereed games at the Rio Olympics in 2016 and the 2017 Confederations Cup and had been set to oversee World Cup games in Russia.
“Mr. Fahad al-Mirdasi is withdrawn with immediate effect,” a FIFA statement said.
As referees at the 2018 World Cup were selected in teams of three, Mirdasi's two assistants Mohammed al-Abakry and Abdulah al-Shalwai are also deselected, the FIFA Referees Committee said.
Two weeks ago Mirdasi was given a lifetime ban in Saudi Arabia after admitting soliciting a bribe from a Saudi club, according to the Saudi Football Federation.
Mirdasi had been scheduled to oversee Saudi's King's Cup final earlier this month but was suddenly replaced a few hours before kick-off.
- AFP
Hailing from a long line of adorable pitbulls, Oakland, a 1.5 year old rescue, wins everyone's heart after learning how to do a cartwheel from Kailyn, their 4-year-old bff.
Move aside pups, cause here comes the champ.
Jodhpur: In a first, General David L Goldfein, chief of staff of the US Air Force, flew a sortie in the indigenous Light Combat Aircraft 'Tejas' at the IAF station here in Rajasthan on Saturday.
According to reports, General Goldfein, who is on an official visit to India, was accompanied by Air Vice Marshal AP Singh as a co-pilot during the short flight.
The flight took off from Jodhpur Air Force station.
The Indian Air Force (IAF) also later tweeted a picture of Goldfein preparing to fly Tejas.
"General David L. Goldfein, Chief of Staff of the US Air Force, is on an official visit to India. They flew a sortie in '#MadeinIndia' LCA Tejas aircraft at AF Stn Jodhpur today," the Indian Air Force said in the tweet.
General David L Goldfein, Chief of Staff of the US Air Force, is on an official visit to India. They flew a sortie in '#MadeinIndia' LCA Tejas aircraft at AF Stn Jodhpur today. pic.twitter.com/UQB7Rvl1PJ — Indian Air Force (@IAF_MCC) February 3, 2018
Gen Goldfein had reached the Air Force Station in Jodhpur on Friday and flew the aircraft today. They also met Air Chief Marshal BS Dhanoa today.
They were accompanied by US Pacific Air Forces Commander Gen Terrence O'Shaughnessy.
They discussed ways to further enhance cooperation between the two air forces.
The US officials arrived on February 1 and a ‘Guard of Honour' was organised on their arrival at Air Force Headquarters in New Delhi.
General Goldfein also thanked the Indian Air Force for the welcome reception.
''The IAF operates the second largest C-17 fleet in the world and continues to mature their fleet operation to support regional mobility needs. There is already a strong relationship between our two air forces & I'm looking forward to making it stronger,” they had said in a post on Facebook and Twitter.
Had many great meetings with our @IAF_MCC partners to deepen the relationship between our two air forces. The IAF operates the second largest C-17 fleet in the world & continues to mature their fleet. pic.twitter.com/NWWASXNM7m — Gen. Dave Goldfein (@GenDaveGoldfein) February 2, 2018
Indigenously developed by the Aeronautical Development Agency, and produced by Hindustan Aeronautics Limited, Tejas, a fourth generation aircraft, can fly at 1,350 km per hour, with a payload capacity of 4,000 kg.
In November 2017, Singapore Defence Minister Ng Eng Hen flew in a Tejas jet.
The first squadron of Tejas was inducted into the IAF in July 2016.
(With ANI inputs)
MOSCOW (AP) — Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov has denied reports of intercepted phone calls between Russian intelligence officials and members of Donald Trump's presidential campaign.
The New York Times said that the Russians made contact with Paul Manafort, who briefly served as Trump's campaign chairperson. Current and former U.S. officials interviewed by the Times declined to identify other Trump associates contacted by the Russians.
Speaking to reporters in Moscow, Peskov, spokesperson for President Vladimir Putin, pointed to the anonymity of the sources, saying that the reports “are not based on any facts, do not point to actual facts.”
The report comes a day after U.S. National Security Adviser Michael Flynn resigned following reports they misled Vice President Mike Pence and other officials about their contacts with Russia.
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town, and volunteer fire department
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
4:04 Talkin' Cowboys: Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
1:03 Oversized coats are winter's ultimate wrap star
0:24 Fire engulfs vacant house on Fort Worth Avenue
UCWeb, an Alibaba Mobile Business Group company, yesterday announced Padampati Sharma and Vivek Shukla as official commentators for its news platform, UC News.
The renowned journalists will give their expert opinions, insights and sharp analysis of the final matches of the eighth edition of Global Cricket Championship being held in England and Wales on 14th, 15th and 18th June 2017.For those who are not aware, Padampati Sharma and Vivek Shukla have been closely associated with active journalism for over three decades and have worked with major media houses like Dainik Jagran, Amar Ujala, The Times of India, etc.
"Indians love cricket and technology platforms like UC News are playing a crucial role in amplifying it and making it a shared phenomenon. We are committed to bring an enriching experience to our users and in line with the same announce Padampati Sharma and Vivek Shukla as official commentators on UC News," said Bruce Zuo, Head-UC News We-Media, Alibaba Mobile Business Group during the announcement.
Vivek Shukla said, "I feel honoured and appreciate We-Media for giving me an opportunity to bring ongoing Cricket tournament's insights to the large base of cricket fans. I look forward to introducing a unique experience to the UC News users and help them stay updated on the key happenings on- ground."
"I am excited to be in this phase of life where I get to connect with millions of users on UC News who share the common interest in Cricket," added Padampati Sharma, Senior Sports Journalist and UC News We-Media Blogger.
Can you answer 12 of the most common pub quiz questions? See if you're a champion with this trivia quiz
All pub quiz fans should be able to answer these 12 questions - see if you can manage
The All-City Classic hoops showcase is on, with final games set for Friday
The All-City Classic hoops showcase is on, with final games set for Friday May 30
Roman Catholic's Seth Lundy (right) is expected to play in the All-City Classic.
The 24th installment of the All-City Classic kicked off this week, and games and events are spread across Philadelphia.
The high school basketball showcase, designed to highlight the region's best basketball talent, pits Public League boys and girls against non-Public League players or city players against suburban players and is set to end with the final three-game event on Friday, beginning at 6 p.m., at High School of the Future.
Those games are to feature the area's top juniors — such as Roman Catholic's Seth Lundy, Bonner-Prendergast's Isaiah Wong, Imhotep's Donta Scott and Abington's Eric Dixon — and the best sophomores and freshmen.
This year, the All-City Classic also bears the name of Rasual Butler, the former Roman Catholic star, All-City Classic participant and NBA veteran who died in a car accident earlier this year. The event also added a sponsorship from the Jordan Brand.
Teams of eighth-grade players kicked off the week with a game on Tuesday. On Wednesday, the girls' showcase is set to played at Imhotep Charter with the underclassmen game at 7 p.m. and the upperclassmen game to follow at 8. Neumann-Goretti's Jabria Ingram and Imhotep's Alana Swift expect to headline the late game.
On Thursday at Neumann-Goretti, the first Diamond in the Ruff games, featuring “underrated” sophomores and juniors in the area, are to be held at 7 and 8 p.m., respectively. West Catholic's Imere Harris and String Theory's Tyler Spann are expected to compete along with Neumann-Goretti's Ja'cor Smith and Archbishop Ryan's Colin Reed.
DENVER — The San Francisco Giants placed right-hander Jeff Samardzija on the 10-day disabled list with shoulder tightness.
Samardzija left their start Tuesday after throwing 23 pitches and giving up two runs in the first inning. He's 1-4 with a 6.56 ERA this season.
The 33-year-old Samardzija said the shoulder ailment is one that "comes and goes. It's one of those things, where you have to deal with it."
To take their place on the roster, the Giants recalled righty Tyler Beede from Triple-A Sacramento. Beede made two starts with San Francisco in April, going 0-1 with a 8.22 ERA.
Rising requirement for water-resistant luggage goods has directed towards an expansion in the requirement of leather amid the luggage makers. A rise in local as well as global visits has encouraged the development of the leather luggage and goods market. Individuals are picking simple to-deal with leather luggage bags. Frequent travelling requires leather luggage which can withstand harsh handling anytime. Thus, customers settle for better quality and premium leather luggage for favorable travelling.
The worldwide market for leather luggage and goods is considered to record a sluggish CAGR over the projection period 2017-2022. The overall market is also predicted to account for a market valuation of about US$ 525 Billion in revenue terms through the end of the forecast year 2022.
Report For Report Sample with Table of Contents@ https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/sample/110114794/Leather-Luggage-and-Goods-Market
Market Segmentation
On the basis of product type, the overall market is categorized into wallets & belts accessories, business bags, casual bags, travel bags, gloves accessories, footwear accessories, neckpieces accessories leather bracelets accessories and purses. The travel bags are projected to grow steadily in terms of revenue by accounting for approximately US$ 35000 Million through 2022 end. The casual bags category is also likely to be a productive market as a result of growing demand for everyday travelling bags which has been causing makers to make furthermore casual bags. This category in comparison to other product types is considered to register the second highest expansion throughout the estimated period of 2017-2022.
The major end users of these leather goods and luggage are unisex, women and men. The women category is projected to expand at a steady growth pace moreover is expected to account for close to US$ 66000 Million in terms of revenue in the worldwide market. Though, among men, the leather goods for example jackets, wallets also footwear are expected to expand steadily as a result of the increasing demand in the international market.
Request For Report Discount@ https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/discount/110114794/Leather-Luggage-and-Goods-Market
The leather luggage and goods are distributed by way of online stores, retail stores along with other channels. The sales of these goods via online stores channels are expected to exhibit a remarkable CAGR over the projection period 2017- 2022. Nevertheless, the retail store channel is considered to witness a high growth by more than US$ 95000 Million in terms of revenue over the conjecture time frame 2017-2022.
The market is analyzed across the six major regions, namely, APEJ, Japan, Europe, North America, Latin America and MEA. Among other regions, North America is expected to be the most lucrative region worldwide.
Key Market Players
The prominent players at present functional in the overall leather luggage and goods market include
Christian Dior SE
Knoll, Inc.
LVMH Moët Hennessy
Timberland
Aero Leather Clothing Ltd.
American Leather, Inc.
Christian Dior SE
Delsey S.A
Prada S.p.A
Johnston & Murphy
VIP Industries Ltd.
Louis Vuitton SE
Hermes International SA
Samsonite International S.A.
Coach Inc.
Report Analysis@ https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/rd/110114794/Leather-Luggage-and-Goods-Market
About Us:
Research Report Insights (RRI) is a leading market intelligence and consulting firm.
We deliver a host of services including custom research reports, syndicated research reports, and consulting services which are personalised in nature.
RRI delivers a complete packaged solution to clients;this combines current market intelligence, technology inputs, statistical anecdotes,
valuable growth insights, 360-degree view of the competitive framework, and anticipated market trends.
Our research services cover global as well as regional emerging markets such as BRICS, GCC, and ASEAN.
Our offerings cover a broad spectrum of verticals which include Oil and Gas, Chemicals, Materials, Energy, Technology, Automotive, and Retail.
The operating model of RRI blends cross-disciplinary research experience to deploy insightful, in-depth, and actionable research.
Contact Us:
Research Report Insights
42 joseph street,
Portcarling P0B 1J0,
Muskoka, Ontario
T: +1-631-721-4201
Email: sales@researchreportinsights.com
Web Site: http://www.researchreportinsights.com
The Crown says it has filed an appeal after charges were stayed against Jamie Bacon in relation to the Surrey Six killings. (File photo)
B.C.'s prosecution is appealing after charges were stayed in the Surrey Six massacre against Red Scorpions gang leader Jamie Bacon.
On Dec. 1, a BC Supreme Court decision was released that said a judge had granted Bacon's application for a stay of proceedings in their trial on charges of first-degree murder and conspiracy to commit murder.
The hearing occurred in closed court, and the judge's reasons for granting the application are sealed.
On Monday, the prosecution service said it has reviewed the abbreviated ruling, saying it reveals “errors of law” and that “the public interest requires an appeal.”
The service said it anticipates that further court filings, as well as some or all of the appeal proceedings, will be sealed or closed to the public.
Six men, including two innocent bystanders, were shot dead at the Balmoral Tower on Oct. 19, 2007. Cody Haevischer and Matthew Johnston were convicted in 2014 of six counts of first-degree murder and one count of conspiracy.
A friend of San Bernardino shooter Syed Farook has agreed to plead guilty to charges of providing material support and resources to terrorists, including weapons, explosives, and personnel, the U.S. Attorney's Office said Tuesday.
Once the guilty plea is entered, Enrique Marquez Jr., 25, of Riverside, California, will face a statutory maximum sentence of 25 years in federal prison. Farook and their wife, Tashfeen Malik, killed 14 people in a massacre at the Inland Regional Center in San Bernardino on Dec. 2, 2015, and Marquez also agreed to plead guilty to making false statements in connection with buying two assault rifles that were used in the terror attack. Authorities say Farook and Marquez conspired in 2011 and 2012 to attack Riverside City College and drivers on the 91 Freeway, and while "his earlier plans to attack a school and freeway were not executed, the planning clearly laid the foundation for the 2015 attack on the Inland Regional Center," U.S. Attorney Eileen M. Decker said.
Investigators also say Marquez and Farook discussed making radio-controlled improvised explosive devices while planning the Riverside attacks, and Marquez purchased the necessary ingredients, including smokeless powder and Christmas tree lightbulbs, ABC Los Angeles reports. Marquez was arrested two weeks after the San Bernardino shooting, and their plea is expected to be entered in federal court on Thursday. Catherine Garcia
'Black Panther' is for every black kid who thought 'We didn't do stuff like that'
'Black Panther' is for every black kid who thought 'We didn't do stuff like that' Feb 1
Allen Iverson meets fans at the BE Expo at the Pennsylvania Convention Center in Phila., Pa. on March 17, 2018.
On Saturday, thousands of Philadelphians gathered at the Pennsylvania Convention Center for Radio One's fourth annual Be Expo. Hosted by local radio stations 100.3 WRNB, Praise 107.9, and Boom 103.9, the event featured appearances from Remy Ma, Doug E. Fresh, Al B. Sure, Kindred the Family Soul, and a surprise visit from former 76er Allen Iverson.
Empowerment and entrepreneurship served as the central theme of the event, with panel discussions focused on topics such as breaking into the music industry and personal growth, which included such industry experts as commentator and Inquirer and Daily News columnist Solomon Jones and veteran actor Erika Alexander (Living Single).
“Part of what makes this event so special is all the communities that come together in a peaceful manner,” said radio host and celebrity strategist Dyana Williams. “It's a multi-generational love fest—truly brotherly love and sisterly affection and an opportunity for Radio One Philadelphia to show love to the people who love us, every second of the day.”
Iverson graced the audience with an appearance between sets to give thanks to the people of Philadelphia for their continued support. The roaring applause from the crowd indicated that their sentiments were returned.
Dozens of vendors scattered the convention center floor, selling everything from rum cake to kente cloth backpacks. But beyond the ankh-shaped earrings or the photography that lured guests in for a closer view, each vendor had their or their own entrepreneurial story.
“We started [this business] as a response to the need for self-expression, in a cultural sense,” Ron Green, founder of What's Up African Apparel Co., said as they removed the last T-shirt that read “Thick Thighs and Good Vibes” from their display mannequin. Green, who started their Southwest Philly e-commerce business in January 2015, said that the mission of their business is rooted in positivity and empowerment. “We want people to feel good about their experience being black. We want to build ourselves up with positive messaging and imagery.”
Green said they believe that Philadelphia's long-standing history of community involvement, activism, and philanthropy is a big part of why such events as the Be Expo are important to the fabric of the region.
Hip-hop pioneer Fresh shared similar views about Philly's culture. The “Human Beatbox” attended this year's expo to participate on a panel discussing the history of hip-hop alongside industry experts Grandmaster Caz, Chuck Creekmur, and Roxanne Shante.
Fresh pointed to Philadelphia's honesty and authenticity as the reason they keep returning to the city.
“I've been coming to Philadelphia since 1985 and ever since it's been nothing but love and respect. The people of Philadelphia are genuine about their culture. They're genuine about hip-hop and that, in itself, makes me very happy and honored to come to Philly,” the veteran rapper said.
They also asserted that Philly is a great place to discover new talent. “I think that some of the most creative artists have come out of Philadelphia,” they said. “The DJs have changed and transformed things. They continue the progression of hip-hop.”
Hip-hop idols weren't the only ones who travel to get their Philly-fill. Seaira Romain, owner of Elegant Elephant in Columbia, S.C., came to the Be Expo to take part in the Philly experience. Elegant Elephant is a boutique that provides access to traditional women's African attire and accessories.
Romain creates several of the items they sell by hand, with the help of their mother. Other items are shipped to the U.S. from a manufacturing factory they own in Ghana, where they sponsor three local families.
Romaine attributed their own experiences as a black woman to the mission of their business. “I'm Haitian-Jamaican and I [also] have lots of family from Africa, [particularly] Kenya, Ghana, Nigeria, so [the aesthetic] has been apart of me since childhood.”
“There's so much life,” Romain said of Philadelphia. “The clothes I sell are perfect for the people here.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
1:51 Pilot takes down passenger who pushed flight attendant Pause
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this
1:32 Dallas Police warn against celebrating with gunfire
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
1:12 Man's best friend also becomes man's best colleague
0:24 Fire engulfs vacant house on Fort Worth Avenue
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cambridge United and Morecambe couldn't find a way past each other in a bruising encounter in Sky Bet League Two.
Interim head coach Joe Dunne called the match a war of attrition and it was a perfect summation of events in Lancashire.
There was plenty of endeavours from the two teams but, ultimately, they cancelled each other out and only carved out a handful of opportunities each.
Indeed, with an hour gone, the same number of shots had left the stadium as had been on target.
But after a emotionally draining game on the weekend against Exeter, and a long journey north, the U's managed to keep another clean sheet and, crucially, didn't succumb to the pressure they were inevitably put under.
And even with their limited options on the bench, Dunne did manage to find a way to influence the game late on, bringing on Billy Waters for David Amoo and changing from a 4-2-3-1 to a 4-4-2 and, for the last few minutes of the games, the U's did create one of two problems for the hosts, particularly on the counter.
A positive start from the home side saw Callum Lang have a few chances in the first 10 minutes, with Dimitar Mitov – making their Football League debut – having to be on hand with a wonderful save to deny him.
The striker then managed to squeeze behind the defence again but, under the watchful eye of George Taft, was forced into a rushed shot, and smacked it over the bar.
It took until nearly the half hour mark for the U's to register a shot on target, with George Maris having an effort from outside the area after an Uche Ikpeazu knock-down, but it was straight at Barry Roche.
The next chance came on 38 minutes when, from an Adam Campbell free kick, Steve Old managed to steer the ball wide to leave it goalless at half time.
The second half followed a similar pattern but the U's had the chance to take the lead through Ikpeazu - making their first start after their move to Hearts was announced - after 60 minutes. The moment came after Jevani Brown's effort deflected narrowly wide for a corner and, after a few more corners, the ball squirmed through to the big man at the back post who, on the turn, smacked it wide.
A massive chance then followed from the Shrimps when a defensive mishap allowed Lang to spray the ball out to Campbell who put in a pin-point cross from Ellison, who got their angles all wrong and put it well wide.
A real moment of quality then followed from Maris who, with little else on, tried their luck from distance, with the ball just sailing wide.
The game really opened up towards the end as the hosts threw at the U's to try and secure their league status, while getting caught on the counter several times, with Waters firing over after Jake Carroll played them through.
The game closed with another chance for the impressive Lang, who misjudged Rose's delivery and knocked it out of play with their hip.
Morecambe: Roche, McGowan, Kenyon, Old, Campbel (Wylde, 75 mins)l, Ellison, Conlan, Lavelle, Rose, McGurk, Lang
Cambridge United: Mitov, Halliday, Taft, Taylor, Carroll, Maris, Deegan, Amoo (Waters, 75 mins), Brown, Dunk, Ikpeazu
Attendance: 992 (61 away)
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) — As California lawmakers return to Sacramento on Wednesday, liberal dreams of expanding safety-net benefits and providing health coverage to immigrants are giving way to a new vision revolving around a feverish push to protect gains made in the past.
After years of pushing forward a progressive agenda, legislative Democrats will instead be consumed by pushing back against conservative policies from President-elect Donald Trump and the Republican Congress.
Instead of expanding Medi-Cal health coverage to adult immigrants who can't prove they're legally in the country, Democrats are now concentrating on how to retain health coverage for those who already have it.
Anti-poverty groups are now focused on preventing cuts to food stamp and welfare programs rather than trying to expand them as planned.
By The Associated Press
tx <
$vscores2 <
SOUTH
Chattanooga 64, Charlotte 50<
Coll. of Charleston 92, North Greenville 60<
Cumberlands 92, Voorhees 23<
ETSU 94, Hiwassee 48<
FAU 108, Webber 46<
Florida St. 72, Tulane 53<
High Point 110, Toccoa Falls 39<
Piedmont 71, Berea 60<
Richmond 74, James Madison 71<
Southern Miss. 89, Troy 71<
UNC Asheville 97, Milligan 60<
UT Martin 127, Cincinnati-Clermont 92<
Virginia Tech 93, Md.-Eastern Shore 40<
MORE
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — Golden State forward Andre Iguodala will be out for Game 1 of the NBA Finals on Thursday night as they recover from a bone bruise in their left knee that cost them the final four games of the Western Conference finals.
The Warriors said Iguodala, who was injured in Game 3 against the Rockets on May 20, was evaluated Tuesday and is making progress but still has the bruise and inflammation of the nerve surrounding their knee. Coach Steve Kerr has said Iguodala wouldn't play until they can run without pain. They will be re-evaluated ahead of Sunday's Game 2.
Kevin Love's status for Cleveland remained unclear as they went through the concussion protocol after they were injured in Game 6 of the Eastern Conference finals against Boston. They aren't scheduled to attend media day Wednesday at Oracle Arena, where the Warriors host the series opener.
___
More AP NBA:
Comments
comments
Enrique Marquez Jr., 25, of Riverside, Calif., is accused of purchasing the assault rifles used in the San Bernardino terrorist attack, and has agreed to plead guilty to federal criminal charges.
Benjamin Gottlieb of member station KCRW tells our Newscast unit:
In their plea, Marquez admits that their friend, Syed Rizwan Farook, paid them for the assault rifles used to kill 14 people and injure 22 others in December of 2015. That's when Farook and their wife Tashfeen Malik opened fire at a holiday party of Farook's coworkers at the Inland Regional Center. Marquez also admits they conspired with Farook in 2011 and 2012 to attack Riverside City College (RCC) — as well as commuter traffic on a major freeway in Southern California. Those plans never materialized.
U.S. Attorney Eileen Decker said, "While their earlier plans to attack a school and a freeway were not executed, the planning clearly laid the foundation for the 2015 attack on the Inland Regional Center."
Prosecutors say there is no evidence that Marquez participated in the San Bernardino attack or had advance knowledge about it.
They did acknowledge that they were a "straw buyer" when they purchased two high-powered rifles used in the San Bernardino attack.
According to a Justice Department statement:
"Straw purchasers are criminals who are the beginning of the chain of violence in our country," said ATF Special Agent in Charge Eric D. Harden. "It is purchases like Marquez's that led to the terror on that tragic day in San Bernardino. The crime goes beyond making a false statement on a government form. It puts guns in the hands of criminals who will victimize the community. In this case, the straw purchase is as reprehensible as the attack."
Mandy Pifer, whose boyfriend Shannon Johnson was killed in the terror attack, told The Associated Press that Marquez's plea agreement brought mixed emotions:
"It's a hell of a day to come out, Valentine's Day," the 42-year-old Los Angeles resident said. "I'm relieved that it won't be a long trial. If it'll be finished sooner, I'm all for it." They said they planned to speak at Marquez's sentencing about the impact their boyfriend's killing has had on them In their last moments, Johnson huddled with a colleague under a table, shielding them from the bullets. "It is what it is," they said. "Nothing's going to bring them back."
Marquez is expected to formally enter their guilty pleas Thursday morning.
They have been in custody since they were ordered detained at their initial court appearance in this case on Dec. 17, 2015.
Marquez faces up to 25 years in federal prison.
Premier Mark McGowan at the Rockingham Kwinana Chamber of Commerce Long Table Lunch on Saturday. Photo: Kingsley Klau
Premier Mark McGowan at the Rockingham Kwinana Chamber of Commerce Long Table Lunch on Saturday. Photo: Kingsley Klau
Premier Mark McGowan has thrown their support behind restaurants based on the Rockingham foreshore serving food and alcohol on the beach.
The Telegraph reported last year that Rockingham Kwinana Chamber of Commerce was backing beachfront restaurants in their hopes of dining on the sand.
Changes in State Government legislation have seen Fremantle's Bathers Beach House serve food and alcohol on their adjacent beach, with Rockingham businesses keen to follow suit.
The plan would involve the use of a marquee to allow existing restaurants on the beachfront to serve food and drink on the sand during summer.
After the success of the Long Table Lunch at the weekend, Mr McGowan said they would like to see it as a regular feature on the Rockingham foreshore.
“I agree with the restaurants — it would be terrific, but obviously we would need the co-operation of the council,” they said.
“Considering those restaurants are right on the beach, setting up some tables down there and serving some meals — I would certainly support it.
“It would be a lovely addition to Rockingham and it would attract a lot of visitors because it would be unique.”
Chamber chief executive Tony Solin said the success of the Long Table Lunch should add to the call for beach dining.
“I would like to see plans put in place for Rockingham restaurants to be able to serve on the beach for the summer of 2018-19,” they said.
“The chamber conducted a survey of our members last year and 92 per cent of responses supported the idea of seasonal beach hospitality on the sand at the Rockingham foreshore.”
Rockingham Deputy Mayor Deb Hamblin said the City was open to the idea but a formal approach by businesses was needed.
“The north-facing Rockingham Beach Foreshore, which allows for an all-day beach experience unaffected by the strong afternoon sea breeze, would no doubt be a popular location for beach dining,” they said.
“If approached by businesses with a formal request to serve food and/or alcohol on the beach in front of their restaurants, the City will consider the proposed location as well as leasing, planning and safety requirements in order to support the proposal in the best possible way.”
Seville Heritage Park, Saint Ann's Bay, Jamaica
By MARLEY BROWN
Monday, December 11, 2017
Overlooking the Caribbean Sea, just outside the town of Saint Ann's Bay on Jamaica's north shore, Seville Heritage Park encompasses thousands of years of the island's history. The 300-acre property has been settled during every period of Jamaica's human occupation. It contains the remains of Maima, an indigenous Taino village that Christopher Columbus encountered upon first landing in Jamaica in 1494. In 1509 the Spanish founded their first colonial capital there, which they called Sevilla la Nueva, before abandoning it in 1534. England invaded Jamaica and wrested control from Spain in 1655. As a reward for service to the army during that campaign, English captain Richard Heming was given the land. In 1670, they established a sugar plantation that, until emancipation in 1838, was home to an average of 275 enslaved African Jamaicans in any given year. The majority of that community lived in a village behind the eighteenth-century “Great House,” the planter's residence built in 1745 by Heming's grandson. The house still stands and is now a museum that tells Seville's story. Claudette Anderson, Jamaica National Heritage Trust operations manager, explains that Seville can be seen as the birthplace of modern Jamaica, a spot where the nation's identity was forged. “We interpret the lives of people from four cultures,” they say. “The Taino, African people, the British, and the Spanish: They all make up who we are as Jamaicans today.”
THE SITE
The Great House now hosts Seville's museum, and has an exhibit covering Jamaica's history from the earliest evidence of human presence in the area, about a.d. 650, to the beginning of the twentieth century. A guided tour includes a visit to reconstructions of both the Taino and the enslaved African villages, and remnants of the plantation, such as a massive water wheel used to pulp sugarcane. Though Seville doesn't currently offer a tour of the remains of the Spanish capital, which include the ruins of the governor's mansion and a sixteenth-century church, the staff tries to accommodate groups of interested travelers who call ahead.
WHILE YOU'RE THERE
Begin your visit in Seville's Great House, which gives you a historical overview of the site and displays artifacts uncovered by archaeologists. From there, take advantage of a guided tour or a tour of the property on horseback. About a 20-minute drive west, travelers can also visit the Green Grotto Caves, a complex thought to have been used for shelter throughout the centuries by native Tainos, escaped slaves, and smugglers.
Since 2015, the Lippitt Morgan horse breed has been listed as an endangered species. In the United States and Canada combined, there are currently only a little over 1,000 of these horses still in existence, some of which are beyond reproductive years.
Laurie Giraud, owner of Giraud's Just-N-Morgans in Sparta has been trying to do their part to add to the population of this unique breed. The Morgan horse breed is unique because all of those in existence can be traced to a single foundation sire, Justin Morgan's horse Figure.
Figure became specially known because they sired horses that bore a striking resemblance to them in both stature and performance and the Morgan became the most popular American horse breed of the 19th century. Figure became the fountain stallion for the breed.
They were a small bay colt with deep shoulder muscles and hindquarters. They had straight legs, wide set eyes, an arched neck, clean throatlatch, short ears and a little chiseled head. They had incredible endurance and could out do all other breeds in more ways than one.
As the social climate changed in the 20th century, horses became a luxury. The demand for pleasure horses increased over the demand for working horses and in order to meet market demands, the blue collar image of the Morgan was replaced with a more aristocratic horse by introducing outside blood into the breed.
Robert Lippitt Knight had a love for old rare breeds and they began an attempt to conserve the original bloodlines. When they passed away in 1962, their horses were sold at auction and in the 1970s breeders who cherished the old Morgan horse began to preserve the breed and gave the name Lippitt Morgan to these horses in honor of him.
Families that now exist within the Morgan breed are Lippit, Government, Brunk, Lambert and Western-Working. A Lippitt Morgan carries blood straight through to Justin Morgan's horse Figure. According to Giraud, there is no other type of horse that was crossbred with a Lippitt.
“Ever since I was a little girl, I have always loved Morgans,” Giraud said, adding they had a Morgan cross named Cracker Jack when they were a child. “There is something about Lippitts and the way they look. To me, this is what a horse should look like. They should be buff. They should be a strong looking horse but yet when they move they're graceful.”
Giraud said with bigger necks, Lippitts carry their heads higher when they run.
Seven years ago, Giraud found their horse Jagger Jo, who is a half Lippitt on the sire side of their genetics.  They are very protective of their human and their surroundings, which Giraud says is very common for the breed.
Lippitts are very slow growing horses that can live into their late 30s. They love humans and partnership. They tend to think and rationalize rather than react to their surroundings. They have long manes and tails and they come in three colors, chestnut, bay and blacks.
“They are very intelligent. You never have to use a heavy hand with these horses; all you have to do is lower your voice,” Giraud said. “They pick things up the first time so you have to be very careful.”
The breed is more commonly known for its strength, endurance, versatility and beauty.
“The Lippitts were built to outrace, out pull and out plow other horses because of their strength. They're bred for endurance and longevity.” Giraud said. “I took Jo trail riding in Wildcat, Ontario and they were not conditioned. I went with five other ladies and their horses were drenched in sweat and they were wet under the saddle pad and ready to go some more.”
Giraud's horse Rum Chata is a five-year-old purebred Lippitt mare. They possess the traditional Lippitt stature with a very short back due to having six vertebrae versus eight, broad shoulders and a thick neck.
Giraud also has another three-year-old Lippitt mare named Kahlua. Kahlua is a bit smaller and more defined than Chata.
People who were originally breeding Lippitt Morgans are now retiring or have passed away. The average number of Lippitt Morgan foals being born each year has been around 26 for the last five years.
Giraud tried to breed Chata last year, however they didn't take. Stallions are quite limited so Giraud was attempting to breed with frozen semen from a stallion in New York. They learned from other breeders that most Lippitt mares do not take until they are five to six years old.
They aren't giving up. They will attempt to breed Chata again this year to do what they can to add to the population and preserve the Lippitt Morgan breed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
These seven criminals walked free from the court in January for crimes ranging from violence to selling toxic toys.
The courts have handed out suspended sentences and other punishments to offenders who came up before judges this month.
Baseball bat thug
This thug let themselves get “completely out of control” and threatened to kill police as well as drive their car at them – but still walked free from prison.
Callum McIntosh, of St Bede's Crescent in Cambridge, ransacked their ex-partner's Cambourne house following an argument before screaming and shouting at police and later returning to the house with a baseball bat.
The 26-year-old previously pleaded guilty to affray, dangerous driving, driving while disqualified and also with no insurance. They were sentenced at Cambridge Crown Court on January 18.
McIntosh was handed a 14-month prison sentence, suspended for two years, together with a 30-day rehabilitation requirement and a three-month curfew.
They were aggressive, shouting at officers and saying they should come out and fight him, the court was told.
Police reinforcements arrived, but McIntosh had managed to escape the scene once again.
Officers arrived at their home in St Bede's Crescent, where they spotted the same car parked outside. A search of the car revealed a baseball bat in the front foot well of the car.
As they were handed a suspended sentence, they sobbed and said ‘thank you so much'.
Teacher glassed in the face
A 23-year-old teacher could be left with permanent scarring after they were glassed in the face in a Cambridge bar, a court heard.
The victim was out with friends at Revolution bar in the early hours of October 22 last year (2017) when they tried to break up a confrontation between their friend and Samuel Alexander, of Church End, Rampton.
But they were left needing 49 stitches and further surgery after Alexander drunkenly lashed out in a “moment of madness”, smashing the glass into their face.
Alexander, also 23, previously admitted one charge of GBH in relation to the attack and was sentenced at Cambridge Crown Court on January 18.
Young teacher glassed in face could be permanently scarred after club attack
The mechanics worker was accompanied by their family to court, who became tearful in the public gallery as Alexander was handed a two year prison sentence - suspended for two years.
Cambridge could be losing its magistrates' court
They were ordered to complete 250 hours of unpaid work, as well as £2,500 in compensation and £400 in court costs.
(Image: Trinity Mirror)
Rogue trader
A Cambridge rogue trader charged an elderly woman thousand to ‘repair' their roof – but used gaffer tape and caused more than £14,000 of damage.
Jobie Newland, of Malvern Road, Grays, Essex, was sentenced after pleading guilty to fraud at Peterborough Magistrates' Court on January 17 following an investigation by Cambridgeshire and Peterborough Trading Standards.
The 28-year-old, previously of Sandy Park in Fen Road, Cambridge, walked free from court after magistrates handed them a nine-week prison sentence, suspended for one year.
This lying rogue trader who stole a couples' life savings has been ordered to pay it all back
They were also ordered to complete 120 hours of unpaid work and pay £2,000 in compensation to theirs victim.
The case centred on a lady in Cambridge who asked JKJ Property Services to fix their gutters in December 2015.
(Image: Cambridgeshire County Council)
Newland convinced their victim they also needed ‘urgent' repairs to their flat roof, quoting £6,000 to carry out the work.
After the work was complete, the lady noticed water leaking and damage – the court was told.
Newland and their labourer returned twice to fix the roof, but when they couldn't get hold of them a third time the lady called in another roofer.
Newland was charged with fraud by false representation under section two of the Fraud Act 2006.
Extreme pornography headteacher
A former headteacher who possessed extreme pornography and made indecent images of children has avoided jail.
Miraz Triggs, of Ickleton Road, Elmdon, near the Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire border, was charged with three offences of making indecent images of children, possession of extreme pornography, possession of prohibited images of children and distribution of indecent images of children.
The former head of the Da Vinci Studio School of Science and Engineering in Stevenage pleaded guilty to the offences at Colchester Magistrates' Court on December 19, last year.
(Image: Twitter / @Davinci_school)
Triggs was sentenced on January 16 to 18 months imprisonment for making Category A images, 12 months for making Category B images, and six months each for making and distributing Category C images.
Triggs was also a member of staff at the Barnwell Middle School, also in Stevenage. A letter to parents and guardians at Barnwell Middle School said the allegations occurred while they were employed by the school - although there is no suggestion any pupils at the school were involved.
These are the faces of some of the worst paedophiles in Cambridgeshire
They were given a month for possession of prohibited images.
All sentences were suspended for two years.
Triggs was also ordered to carry out 240 hours of unpaid work and pay £425 in court costs.
 They are now the subject of a 10-year Sexual Harm Prevention Order, and a 50-day rehabilitation requirement.
Chilli Hut attacker
A man who attacked a Chilli Hut security guard was sentenced this month - and the healthcare assistants who came to the victim's aid were praised.
Evan Restall, of Lenton Close, Brampton assaulted the guard, who is in their late 40s, in Broadway, Peterborough on April 2 last year.
Restall has pleaded guilty to assault occasioning actual bodily harm (ABH) at Cambridge Crown Court.
This monster raped a young girl in their care three times and showed no remorse
The 22-year-old was sentenced to nine months in prison, suspended for 18 months.
 They are now also subject to a curfew requiring them to be at their home address on Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays from 8pm to 6am for the next 6 months.
Toxic toy seller
A Cambridge counterfeit toy seller walked free from court after they were caught on eBay selling thousands of ‘dangerous' toys which had failed safety tests.
Kwun Ho Chan, of Wensleydale Street, Hartlepool, was handed a six-month prison sentence, suspended for two years, at Cambridge Crown Court on January 16.
The 28-year-old, who previously lived on Apthorpe Way in Cambridge, was given 250 hours of unpaid work and disqualified as a director for two years.
Chan pleaded guilty to 12 charges relating to counterfeit toys and 13 toy safety failure offences.
Trading standards bosses say that one Big Hero 6 figure was found to contain more than 200 times the legal limit of phthalate - industrial chemicals known to be toxic if ingested.
Dodgy trader tried to stuff £2,000 in underpants when caught selling fake goods at Bourn Market
The director of K&B Station Ltd failed to work with several Port Authorities about unsafe or incorrectly labelled toys.
The charges relate to toys which included Disney's Frozen, Secret Life of Pets, Despicable Me, Paw Patrol, Pokémon, Hello Kitty, Arsenal, Peppa Pig, Angry Birds and Big Hero 6.
In October 2016, the selling name ‘Kingbox Station' was identified on eBay after a ‘Frozen' doll was purchased and infringed copyright.
A search was carried out at Chan's former home in Cambridge, and more than 5,000 of counterfeit and potentially unsafe toys were seized.
Chan denied having any other storage facility for the toys – but one was found and it was clear from CCTV it was emptied soon after the house was searched.
Chan was also charged with money laundering under the Proceeds of Crime Act, which will remain on file.
All of their counterfeit and unsafe goods were ordered to be forfeited and destroyed.
SHIMLA: With a view of saving water, the Himachal Pradesh High Court has recently ordered a halt to construction activity and banned car washing for a week in core areas of the parched state capital.
To do away with the water crisis prevailing in the town, the court came out with stringent curbs as local residents posted keep-off-Shimla messages on social media.
"There is no water for us, please do not come here and select some other destination," one of them said.
The population of Shimla Municipal Corporation area is about 1.72 lakh but it swells by between 90,000 and one lakh during the peak tourist season in summer.
Notably, the requirement of water increases to 45 million litres a day (MLD) during this season.
"The government should issue an advisory to tourists asking them not to come to Shimla till the situation improves as it would cause further inconvenience to water-starved residents," 78-year old Bharaiv Dutt wrote in their post.
No tankers will be allowed to supply water to individuals, particularly if they live in VIP areas, the High Court had added. This includes judges, ministers, bureaucrats, police officers and commercial establishments, the court clarified.
The division bench consisting of Acting Chief Justice Sanjay Karol and Justice Ajay Mohan Goel spared only the governor and the chief minister in its directions.
The social media messages have alarmed hoteliers.
But some of them are so fed up with complaints from the customers that they have offered a full refund of the advance payment if they choose to cancel.
Some posts cautioned tourists, claiming that restaurants and dhabas were using the water from the city drains for cooking.
The Shimla district administration has postponed a major tourist attraction, International Shimla Summer Festival, scheduled from June 1 to 5.
A spokesperson said the decision to postpone the festival was taken on humanitarian grounds as the local people are facing a water shortage.
The court also asked Shimla authorities to approach the Army so that the water used for the golf course at Annandale can be diverted to tackle the shortage in the city.
The availability of water touched a new low of 18 to 27 MLD this season due to scanty rain and snowfall during the winters and drying up of the perennial water sources.
The Ashwani Khad water supply scheme was closed after an outbreak of jaundice due to contaminated water in 2015, adding to the problem.
The ambitious Koldam water supply scheme, envisaging the lifting of water from Sutlej river is still in the works after six years.
Currently, each zone of the town gets piped water only after a gap of several days.
(With inputs from PTI)
GALAX - We're headed out to Galax to meet the Top 10 Tattoo Artist Winner, Peace Barham. Learn more about their talents, how they cultivated their skills and built their stellar reputation. Make sure you give them a visit at Next Generation Tattoo.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
11:30 Two views of Jacqueline Craig's arrest: See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side Pause
1:53 The Pastor at Babe's Chicken Dinner House
1:10 The Wall That Heals comes to the Stockyards
0:08 Suspect in armed robberies
0:52 Remains found in shallow grave identified as missing college student Zuzu Verk
7:28 Arlington mayor rips opponents of Texas Rangers stadium in secret audio recording
0:57 Arlington homeowner fatally shoots teen breaking into car, police say
1:19 Rangers' Martin Perez plans to build off 2016
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says they voted Republican
Gardaí in Cork are looking for help in finding a missing 35-year-old woman.
Deirdre Aherne was last seen in Bishopstown at around 5pm yesterday.
 They are described as 5"3' and of slim build with long brown/blonde hair.
When last seen, they were wearing a black fleece sheepskin jacket, black leggings, and a wine top.
Anyone who has seen Deirdre or who can help to find them is asked to contact Gardaí
KUALA LUMPUR, April 28 CIMB Group Holdings Bhd , Malaysia's second largest bank by assets, said on Friday it expects higher profits this year due to a stronger economy, fewer bad loans and record revenue.
CIMB has imposed measures to improve its loan book in Indonesia and Thailand, where poor performances there prevented the bank from posting a stellar 2016 despite record high revenues.
"The outlook for CIMB in 2017 should be better," Group Chief Executive Zafrul Aziz said at the group's annual shareholder meeting.
"We feel that given the measures we have taken, we are a bit more optimistic that provision levels will be lowed."
CIMB's revenues rose 4.3 percent to a record high of 16.1 billion ringgit ($3.71 billion) in 2016, lifted by its consumer segment. Its net profit for the year climbed 4.5 percent to 3.6 billion ringgit ($829.30 million).
Aziz said the group expected another year of record revenues, and a corresponding improvement in profits this year.
Stronger loan growth has lifted the earnings of Malaysia's two top banks, CIMB and Malayan Banking Bhd (Maybank).
Moody's on Wednesday gave the Malaysian banking sector a stable outlook over the next 12-18 months, citing stabilising asset risks, profitability and strong capital.
CIMB Chairman Nazir Razak said Malaysia's economic outlook has improved, but the government needed to "overcome the negativities" in investor sentiment that has weakened the ringgit.
They also noted a recovery in interest among corporates to cut deals, driven by leadership changes in institutional organisations such as government-linked fund manager PNB.
"More Malaysian companies are going back out on road shows...and that is reflected positively in terms of investors coming into the stock market," they said.
($1 = 4.3410 ringgit) (Reporting by Liz Lee; Editing by Randy Fabi)
Reshma Ragoonath
Reshma Ragoonath is a Trinidadian journalist with 16 years media experience with a strong background in print with their most recent stint at The Cayman Reporter. They have a BA in Mass Communications, as well as, an Associate degree in Journalism and Public Relations.
An outbreak of norovirus continues to plague Carleton Place & District Memorial Hospital, although the hospital says it hasn't had a new case since New Year's Eve.
Six patients were affected by the outbreak of the highly contagious stomach bug, the hospital said in an update on its website. Although some of the patients have been discharged, the remainder are being treated in an isolated section of the hospital. The outbreak won't be considered over until five days have passed since the last case.
In the meantime, the hospital is discouraging unnecessary visits to the hospital but its emergency department does remain open.
Norovirus is caused by a group of similar viruses and is carried in the vomit and feces of infected people. Symptoms can begin as soon as 12 hours after infection, but more usually take between two and four days to appear. Symptoms include nausea and vomiting, stomach cramps and may come with a low fever, muscle aches and chills.
The Public Health Agency of Canada says most people recover fully within one or two days without treatment, but cautions patients to drink plenty of fluids to avoid dehydration.
The hospital has posted updates on the outbreak on its website, carletonplacehospital.ca
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — Duke kept winning through a packed-full schedule in the opening month to become the unanimous No. 1 in the AP Top 25 .
Now that the Blue Devils have lost — along with No. 2 Kansas falling twice — don't expect the same level of agreement on who should be atop Monday's new poll.
The Blue Devils (11-1) lost at Boston College on Saturday in their Atlantic Coast Conference opener, three days after the Jayhawks lost to Washington in Kansas City, Missouri. That was part of a week that saw half of the top 10 lose at least once, including No. 5 Florida, No. 7 Texas A&M and No. 9 Notre Dame.
Duke had managed to win several close calls to start the season, but the Blue Devils couldn't repeat it against the Eagles. It was a reminder that despite all the talent — most notably Marvin Bagley III at the helm of a top-flight recruiting class — Duke needs to improve defensively and doesn't have a lot of depth as of now.
“We told them the truth when they won their first 11 games, too,” coach Mike Krzyzewski said, ‘that we were behind a few games and came back . that we're still learning. This is a very young basketball team that just happened to win and be tough in 11 games.”
KANSAS' WEEK
The Jayhawks, meanwhile, struggled to hit from outside against Washington's zone (5 of 20 from 3-point range) and allowed the Huskies to shoot 48 percent in Wednesday's 74-65 loss — which left Jayhawks senior Devonte Graham to say simply: “We really just didn't have it tonight.”
Things didn't get any better Sunday, with No. 16 Arizona State pulling away from the Jayhawks in the second half to win 95-85 at Allen Fieldhouse.
SUN DEVILS SHINE
Speaking of Arizona State, maybe it's time to start paying closer attention to what Bobby Hurley's unbeaten bunch is doing. The Sun Devils (9-0) are off to their best start since the 1974-75 season and have a second big win to go with one against now-No. 13 Xavier on Nov. 24.
NEW NO. 1?
So after all the trouble at the top, who will rise to the No. 1 spot? No. 3 Michigan State and No. 4 Villanova each have a case.
The Spartans (9-1) suffered their only loss against Duke in the Champions Classic, but have since won the PK80 Invitational in a performance that included a dominant lockdown of reigning national champion North Carolina. Michigan State beat Rutgers and Southern Utah in the past week.
The Wildcats (10-0) earned an impressive win against No. 12 Gonzaga on Tuesday in New York, but they had to fight to the final minute Sunday to close out a La Salle team that entered at 5-5.
TRIPPED UP TWICE
Florida, No. 14 Minnesota and No. 22 Nevada each lost two games to set themselves up for a fall, though the Gators' stumbles were particularly glaring since both came at home.
Playing for the first time since blowing a 17-point second-half lead in a loss to Duke in the PK80, Florida (6-3) lost by 17 to Florida State on Monday. Two days later, the Gators led for all of 93 seconds in a 65-59 loss to Loyola Chicago. Florida salvaged a win Saturday against No. 17 Cincinnati in the Never Forget Tribute Classic in Newark, New Jersey, to avoid a four-game skid.
The Gophers (8-3) lost at Nebraska in Big Ten play, then lost at Arkansas . The Wolf Pack (8-2) lost at Texas Tech in overtime and to No. 20 TCU in the Hall of Fame Basketball Classic in Los Angeles.
START OF A COMEBACK?
Arizona's 0-3 showing at the Battle 4 Atlantis in the Bahamas made the Wildcats the first team in three decades to go from No. 2 in the AP Top 25 to unranked in a week. But Arizona has won four straight games, including Tuesday's win against Texas A&M followed by Saturday's home win against Alabama .
The Wildcats also got some good news with the season debut of sophomore Rawle Alkins after a preseason foot injury.
___
More AP college basketball: http://www.collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
___
Follow Aaron Beard on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/aaronbeardap
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The Achilles' heel for the Texas Rangers through the first month of the 2018 season has been relief pitching.
That situation reared its ugly head again Monday when two relievers allowed six runs in the ninth inning to all but hand the Oakland Athletics a 9-4 victory in the opening game of a three-game series at Globe Life Park in Arlington, Texas.
Texas will try to get some much-needed innings from its starting pitching as ace left-hander Cole Hamels (1-3, 4.76 ERA) opposes Athletics right-hander Andrew Triggs (1-0, 5.82) in the second game of the series on Tuesday.
The Rangers are 0-8 in series-opening games this season, have won back-to-back games just once and are just 3-11 at home.
Oakland broke open a tie game with a huge final inning at the plate, scoring four runs against Kevin Jepsen and two against Jesse Chavez, the Rangers' fifth and sixth pitchers.
"We need some length and some multiple innings from some guys," Texas manager Jeff Banister said after Monday's loss. "The past four days everybody in the bullpen has thrown quite a bit and we haven't created a lot of scoring opportunities for ourselves. All that kind of caught up with us tonight."
The Texas bullpen ranks 13th of 15 teams in the American League in ERA.
The Athletics piled up the extra-base hits in the ninth inning on Monday, getting a home run from Marcus Semien (on the first pitch of the inning), and RBI triples by Matt Chapman and Jake Smolinski in the final inning.
"Team morale is through the roof right now," A's right-hander Daniel Mengden said. "We're playing well, we're hitting well, we're playing good defense, we're throwing well."
The win for Oakland was its third in a row and seventh in the past eight games. It is now above .500 at 12-11 for the season.
"We've just got to ride the wave out as long as we can and get timely hits," said Oakland designated hitter Khris Davis, who had a double and two RBIs early in the game. "The pitching has been fantastic so we want to be putting up runs. Couldn't ask for anything more."
Triggs is scheduled to make their fifth start of the season. They allowed six runs in 1 1/3 innings in their last start after allowing five runs in 15 2/3 innings (2.87 ERA) in their first three starts.
Triggs is 1-0 with a 1.02 ERA in four career appearances, including three starts, against Texas. That line includes a no-decision in their only start against the Rangers this year, a 3-1 A's win on April 2 in Oakland.
Hamels will get their sixth start of the season and will be working on extended five days' rest after taking the loss in a 4-2 Texas setback on April 18 in Tampa Bay. Hamels has never finished April with four losses in their 13 professional seasons (1-3 in 2013 and 3-3 in 2008).
Hamels is 3-3 with a 4.11 ERA (21 ER/46.0 IP) in eight career starts against the Athletics. They snapped a two-game losing streak against the A's in a 4-1 Texas victory on April 3 in Oakland.
Recent news:
Soft US P&C market may extend for years: Barclays
Ted Bunker 15 February 2017
The US property and casualty market may be years from an inflection point at which the current "soft" market hardens and commercial pricing trends improve, Barclays analyst Jay Gelb noted.
Using a measure of underwriting cash flow, Gelb showed in a report that the industry is still cash-flow positive for commercial underwriting. The positive flow peaked in 2014.
But, they said, "the trend appears to be deteriorating".
Even so, Gelb noted that periods of negative cash flow can persist for...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article, then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
‘There will be blood': Fans salivate at brawl rematch between Perth Wildcats and Adelaide 36ers The West Australian
Tomorrow's spicy Perth - Adelaide rematch will take place just 36 hours after Friday night's brawl - and it can't come soon enough for fans.
The NBL today announced no players would be suspended following the spiteful melee that exploded in the dying seconds of the Wildcats' 111-90 win at Perth Arena.
The league will instead assess potential penalties at the end of the weekend, with Adelaide's Brendan Teys and Perth's Dexter Kernich-Drew cited for unduly rough play.
Shannon Shorter and Lucas Walker will both have cases to answer after leaving their respective benches to head toward the fight, while a further eight players were reported for engaging in the melee.
Social media erupted at the end of Friday's action, with fans salivating at the prospect of a heated rematch so soon after the first bout.
With playoff positioning on the line between two sides who currently sit second and third on the league table, there's sure to be plenty of feeling when they go toe-to-toe once more.
Modi has done which I or some others like me could not do, scared the media into airing programs on the water situation on a daily basis. Invariably the refrain of the discussions is: what will India do, what will we do, are we prepared, our storage capacity is very low, per capita per annum availability of water is below the water-scarce level, all the dams planned on the Indus are snow fed and outside the monsoon range, the heavy monsoons flow down unchecked to cause flood havoc before going waste to the sea, our reserve for any contingency is only 30 days. Not one anchor person or any one expert dares to mention Kalabagh dam which is the obvious answer to all the above worries.
Why cannot Kalabagh dam be discussed in the senate or the national assembly without raising hackles? Is it because Benazir Bhutto had ordained that Sindh will become a desert if Kalabagh dam is built, and their followers have taken this as the gospel truth. They put Pakistan on the path of hunger and poverty when they shut out the hydel option and went for the oil guzzling IPPs. What can be expected if mega quantities of power and water available for the asking are sacrificed on the altar of cheap political gain.
The resulting high cost per unit, the recurring circular debt of Rs 500 billion p.a, shutdown of industry, load shedding, zero investment, flight of industry, loss of jobs, high cost of production, reduced exports, loss of forex earnings, downturn of economy, Rs 192 billion p.a being paid by us in terms of cost differential between thermal and hydel power, loss of $2 billion p.a for each maf that we are not storing.
Negative growth in agriculture, impacting negatively upon the 22% contribution to GDP, on 60% of agro-based exports, on 40% employment of labour force, on the livelihood of 70% of the rural population, loss of jobs, reduced food production, food shedding, food inflation adding to the poverty of the poor.
How can a government deliver, burdened with so many negatives?
Engr Khurshid Anwer
Lahore
For Anna Olson, a lifelong passion for baking and cooking all started with their grandmother.
"A big part of our relationship-building was the time spent in the kitchen together," the Food Network celebrity chef said. "And as they matured, our dialogue matured, but it always focused on baking and cooking. I grew up with that constant mentorship."
Anna and husband Michael, a chef professor at Niagara College's Canadian Food and Wine Institute, visited Stoney Creek last week and shared tricks of the trade with residents at Seasons Retirement Communities during a live, interactive baking demonstration.
Seasons Retirement Communities, a chain of 20 retirement residences in Ontario and Alberta, recently announced a partnership with the Olsons, to enhance residents' culinary experiences.
Each month this year, all Seasons communities will bake and serve an Anna Olson dessert. Twice annually, Michael will provide seasonal menus for the residences' dining services managers to recreate.
Seasons director of dining services, Larry Bone, hopes residents will enjoy the Olsons' culinary creations.
"Some people think retirement food is boring and bland," they said in a release. "Partnering with Michael and Anna Olson helps to change this misconception …"
In celebration of National Pie Day, the Olsons demonstrated how to bake a homemade key lime pie. Along with a live audience at Seasons Stoney Creek, the event was filmed and broadcast to all Seasons residences through Facebook Live. During the demonstration, the Olsons fielded questions from a live audience as well as queries submitted through social media.
Anna is a widely published cookbook author and has hosted several Food Network cooking shows. Them current program, Bake With Anna Olson, recently marked its 100th episode. The show can be seen in 190 countries.
"It's basically an easy-to-follow baking tutoring class," said Anna, a Welland resident. "Each episode is based on a fundamental principal or style of baking. You start with something basic and then you apply the knowledge to build up."
The GOP's replacement bill for the Affordable Care Act could end up costing the District $1.2 billion in the next decade, a new report from George Washington University researchers found.
The Republican-proposed American Health Care Act could also cost Maryland at least $2.4 billion and Virginia at least $700 million in gross state product by 2026, according to the study, funded by The Commonwealth Fund. Nationally, the study estimates the Republican bill would result in nearly 1 million fewer jobs and $93 billion less in gross state products.
Plenty of change is still possible before any measure passes Congress. After the House passed the AHCA in March, Senate leaders have said they are working on their own version. On Tuesday, President Donald Trump called the House version “mean” and called on senators to be more generous in their version, The Washington Post reported.
GWU's report followed similar methodology as did the Congressional Budget Office in comparing the AHCA's impact versus…
An 89th-minute blunder by Stockport County goalkeeper Ben Hinchliffe gifted Harrogate Town a late point in their New Year's Day meeting at Edgeley Park.
Simon Weaver's men had trailed to Michael Clarke's 63rd-minute back-post finish and looked to be heading for a repeat of Boxing Day's 1-0 loss at the hands of their National League North play-off rivals.
That was until a minute before full-time when Chris Smalley's seemingly innocuous back pass was completely missed by the Hatters' stopper and trickled into the back of the net.
Weaver made one change from County's recent visit to The CNG Stadium; handing a fifth start of the season to youngster Marcus Day in place of James Cadman.
Jim Gannon would have been the happier manager following their side's 1-0 win, but still made one alteration to their starting XI, bringing in match-winner Courtney Medden-Walters.
Both sides managed to work the opposing ‘keeper in the opening 10 minutes with Stockport's Danny Lloyd and Town's JP Pittman hitting the target.
The County winger looked lively in the opening exchanges and forced another save moments later at Crook's near post.
Pittman then again took their turn to hit the target as the frontman collected a pass from Louie Swain and struck powerfully at Hinchliffe on their right foot.
With four minutes to go until the interval, Simon Ainge was introduced in place of Luke Shiels, and was sent straight into the thick of the action blocking what looked like a goalbound effort.
The centre-half then repeated the trick on the stroke of half-time, keeping out Jimmy Ball's volley with a typically wholehearted block.
Lloyd again threatened at the start of the second 45 as their shot deflected behind, just as Day's well-hit effort rebounded fortunately into the arms of Hinchliffe minutes later.
After a good spell of Town pressure, the visitors had Crook to thank for keeping the score level as the stopper pulled off an incredible save to keep Lloyd's strike from nestling in the bottom corner.
There was nothing Crook could do when the opening goal eventually arrived though, as Clarke bundled in a deep corner at the back post after 63 minutes.
Weaver immediately rolled the dice with the introduction of Andi Thanoj and Chib Chilaka, though it was Pittman who again went close for the visitors, firing into the side netting.
Just as it looked as Town were heading for a second 1-0 defeat in the space of six days, Smalley's back pass was completely missed by Hinchliffe and ended up in the back of the home net.
The Fort Worth Academy of Fine Arts is a public arts charter school operated by the Texas Boys Choir organization. Bud Kennedy bud@star-telegram.com
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chris Dagnall is honoured to be Crewe Alex's new captain – and says they are determined to get the best out of younger team-mates like keeper Ben Garratt.
The 31-year-old striker got the nod from manager David Artell to lead the team out this season, with their fine example of tireless running and tenacity no doubt among the factors which earned them the role.
What wasn't obvious, though, was whether the quietly-spoken Liverpudlian would be the type to be a vocal leader on the pitch and in the dressing room.
But Dagnall, who scored 17 goals last season and opened their 2017-18 account at the weekend, is using their influence in that way.
And keeper Garratt, 23, has been among the first to find out.
Dagnall said: “It's a privilege, I enjoy it, I really do. It's the first time I've been captain of a club and I'm proud to have the armband.
“The manager didn't say too much to me, they just gave me the armband before the first game. It's an honour.
“Maybe being captain I'll say a little bit more to the lads. I had a little go at (Garratt) the other night but they proved me wrong, I thought they were the best player on the pitch (against Newport), they were outstanding.
“Ben is a tough lad and they can take things like that on the chin. They understand it's not personal, if I'm asking them to do something it's because I know they can do it.
“I'll tell them how good they are, how brilliant they are, and I'm sure he'll see what I've said about him.
“He's an outstanding goalkeeper and the saves they made at the end of the game were nothing short of brilliant.
“Performances like that will do them the world of good, and it's brilliant to see them at the end coming out for corners to grab the ball, that helps the team a lot.
“As long as they keep doing that he'll go on to big things.”
Dagnall levelled from a George Cooper cross as the Alex ground out a point despite playing the majority of the game with 10 men against Newport.
They added: “Last year, I'm not too sure we'd have come away with a point. With 10 men, it's a long time to play and we wouldn't have had the experience to hold on.
“To play for so long with 10 men and not concede is first class from the lads.
“Perry (Ng) apologised for theirs sending off, he'll learn from it and we move on.”
Please contact us at clientservices@accessintel.com or call us at 888-707-5814 (Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET.) , to start a free trial, get pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your website.
You must be logged in as a subscriber to view this page. Please log in below to access the content.
REGISTER
Forgot your username/password?
If you are already a Defense Daily subscriber or registered user,
login here.
Register
Please contact us at clientservices@accessintel.com
or call us at 888-707-5814 (Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET.) ,
to start a free trial, get pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your website.
NEW DELHI (AP) — President Donald Trump's national security adviser discussed the situation in Afghanistan with India's prime minister on Tuesday, nearly a week after the U.S. military dropped a massive non-nuclear bomb in the country that it said killed 95 militants.
H.R. McMaster's meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi marked the first visit by a Trump administration official to India, a key ally in Asia.
The U.S. Embassy said that the two also discussed ways to increase defense and counter-terrorism cooperation, and McMaster assured Modi of India's status as a major defense partner in the global fight against terrorism.
Indian TV stations broadcast images of McMaster and Modi, each flanked by officials, sitting together at Modi's home in the Indian capital.
Advertisement
McMaster also held two-hour-long talks with their Indian counterpart, Ajit Doval.
The talks with Indian officials also focused on the security situation in the region and Trump's Afghan strategy. New Delhi wants Washington to pressure Pakistan to stop its support for Taliban militants and act against them.
McMaster's visit to New Delhi was a part of regional consultations that included stops in Kabul and Islamabad.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
March 29 Uol Group Ltd
* Co's interest in associated company, united industrial corporation limited, has increased to 633.5 million shares or 44.638%
* Increase in shareholdings, pursuant to off-market and open market purchases by unit, of 180,000 UIC shares at price of S$3.07869 per share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BOISE - Chandler Hutchison scored 21 points, Justinian Jessup added 18 more and Boise State held on in overtime Saturday night for a 93-91 win over UNLV.
Boise State (19-4, 9-2 Mountain West Conference) held UNLV scoreless for nearly three minutes in overtime, jumping out to an 88-82 lead behind Christian Sengfelder's layup and 2-for-2 shooting from the line by Marcus Dickinson and Hutchison, but had to scramble down the stretch as the Rebels closed in over the final two minutes.
Brandon McCoy's 3-pointer with 25 seconds left cut the gap to 90-89 and UNLV (16-7, 5-5) again pulled to within a point on a pair of free throws from Jordan Johnson with six seconds to go. Jessup then went 1 for 2 from the line to set the final score and McCoy missed a layup at the other end as time expired.
Lexus Williams and Dickinson got 12 apiece and Sengfelder had 10 to help the Broncos get the season sweep. Hutchison also dished out eight of Boise State's 17 assists.
UNLV, which forced overtime with a pair of free throws from Jordan Johnson to tie the game at 82 at the end of regulation, got 24 points from McCoy and 23 from Johnson. Shakur Juiston added 17 points and Jovan Mooring had 12 for the Rebels.
Purdue's Isaac Haas to miss the rest of March Madness with elbow injury
Purdue's Isaac Haas to miss the rest of March Madness with elbow injury Mar 16
West Virginia is led by senior guard Jevon Carter (right).
Villanova will take on West Virginia in the next round of March Madness, after the Mountaineers beat Marshall on Sunday.
Bob Huggins' squad handily beat Marshall, 81-58, in San Diego on Saturday for a second-round win.
The Sweet 16 matchup will be Friday around 7:30 at TD Garden in Boston on TBS. Villanova's last NCAA tournament trip to Boston went pretty well.
West Virginia, a No. 5 seed, is led by senior guard Jevon Carter, who averaged 17 points, 6.5 assists, and 4.8 rebounds per game in the regular season.
Study up on West Virginia with our pre-tournament scouting report.
The Mountaineers know how to put teams away, having led the Big 12 in the regular season in scoring margin (plus-11.5 ppg.). West Virginia applies relentless defensive pressure and led the Big 12 in steals per game (8.1) and turnover margin (plus-5.5). Konate, a 6-8 sophomore, was third nationally in blocked shots (3.3 per game) during the regular season.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
× Building Materials Spark Fire Near Construction Business in Dickson City
DICKSON CITY — Crews are battling a fire at a construction business in Lackawanna County Friday night.
The smoke and flames were shooting up from Valvano's construction site on Main Street in Dickson City.
The fire sparked just after 10 p.m.
County officials tell WNEP building materials on the property are on fire and the flames are growing closer to the building.
So far, no reports of any injuries at this fire in Lackawanna County.
This story is developing. Check back for updates.
Ambient indoor air pollution is a problem, affecting human health and organizational productivity across levels. With an aim to fight and combat this invisible threat, Camfil, has announced the launch of CC6000 air cleaner for the Indian market.
Catering to large indoor premises of up to 10,000 sq feet per unit, CC 6000 air cleaner is ideal for dusty environments and large indoor premises such as pharmaceutical facilities, food factories, heavy industry, paper mills, welding workshops, timber facilities, warehouses, offices and supermarkets etc. It is equipped to perform efficiently and for specialist applications such as upgrading of cleanroom environments and other classified assembly environments. With flexible installation options for both mobile and stationary needs, the unit can also be ceiling mounted.
Commenting on the launch, Mr. PKSV Sagar, Managing Director, Camfil India, said, "We all are aware of deteriorating outdoor air quality of the majority of Indian cities, but rarely do we find the focus on the levels of indoor air quality especially across workspaces. Occupational exposure to airborne concentrations of specks of dust, vapors, fumes, and gases constantly impact the health and productivity of employees. With CC6000, we aim to address this fall with a unique and efficient clean air solution that will ensure the employee experience the fresh breath of air across workspaces no matter, big and small.
We are extremely happy to announce CC6000 air cleaner in India with absolute HEPA and ISO16890 certified filters. The cleaner is being used with excellent results globally, and we aim to bring Camfil's state in art technology and similar standards and quality to India." they added.
Designed and engineered in Sweden, the air cleaner is equipped with E11 filter upgradable to H13 HEPA- capable of removing the smallest and most dangerous particles from the air eliminating tobacco smoke, weld smoke, construction dust, asbestos and particles of all sizes down to ultrafine.
CC6000 comes equipped with advanced molecular filtration capabilities that include activated and impregnated carbon filters for odor and gas phase contaminant removal. This helps in removing bad odors, smoke, and corrosive gases. Molecular filtration using adsorption techniques is the industry accepted method to remove the corrosive agents from the air. The air cleaner is even efficient in reducing the average temperature in high ceiling rooms, with carbon upgrade available to remove unwanted odors.
With an airflow capacity of up to 6000 m³/h, CC6000 adapts to specific needs and purification requirements with user-friendly control panels, premium efficient fans with adjustable airflow and Modbus connection, silencers for sound reduction, and easy change of front and back filters, significantly resulting in the reduction of dust particles from the air.
"He wanted to go over there to get their family and bring them back to the United States," McConkie said. "He actually was afraid to go. They're all supernervous."
President Donald Trump's recent immigration and refugee executive orders — that sought to temporarily limit travel to the United States — have been blocked by the courts, so it's unclear why Kenyan officials kept Abdi from their flight. Kenya is also not one of the seven Muslim-majority countries targeted by Trump.
It seems U.S. officials did not make the decision to bar Abdi from returning to the United States, though Trump's order has had that effect in past months. Still, the president's action should have no effect on Abdi, who is a legal immigrant.
The Refugee Justice League, which launched about four months ago, has lawyers in Utah who represent refugees and immigrants for free in cases of discrimination. McConkie got a "panicked call" from Abdi on Wednesday evening and plans to speak with U.S. senators, the local embassy and the Department of Homeland Security to coordinate their return to the state.
"We're going to start pushing all of the buttons that we can to get them out of that country," McConkie said.
In 2005, Abdi left a refugee camp in Kenya with their grandmother, sister and brother. Their mother remains in the country — Abdi has been working to get them to the U.S. — and their father was killed in a civil war there. Their temporary visa in Kenya will expire shortly, Abdi warned McConkie during their phone call. They have lived in Utah for the past six years.
Noor Ul-Hasan, a Muslim community leader and activist in the state, believes Adbi was barred from their flight because they are an imam. Before they left, Ul-Hasan warned Abdi not to go to Kenya for fear of potential prejudice that may hamper their return.
"This is what I was afraid of," they said. "There's absolutely no reason why they shouldn't be allowed to re-enter."
Another Kenyan couple, Ahmed Khamis Bwika and Emma Ondeko Bwika, were detained by U.S. immigration officials in Salt Lake City in March. They agreed to exit the country after losing an appeal of their asylum request. Abdi had talked with news media during the deportation negotiations because the Bwikas had been affiliated with their mosque for 11 years.
At the time, Abdi said: "We think we are being targeted as Muslims."
ctanner@sltrib.com
Twitter: @CourtneyLTanner
Editor's note • An earlier headline for this story erroneously implied that Abdi was in custody in Kenya.
Manchester: Manchester City look unstoppable in their relentless surge towards the English Premier League title and only have lowly Swansea standing in the way of Pep Guardiola's men setting a new record of consecutive wins on Wednesday.
City are 11 points clear at the top of the Premier League and the managers of Manchester United and Chelsea both effectively conceded defeat in the title race at the weekend.
Their victory against Jose Mourinho's United on Sunday was their 14th straight win in the Premier League - a single season record that also equalled the best-ever run Arsenal established over two seasons in 2002.
Yet despite their frightening form, City defender Kyle Walker is urging caution.
"We have to keep our feet on the floor and keep working hard, preparing physically and mentally," they said.
"We have another important one on Wednesday against Swansea. We have to keep getting three points."
Guardiola has declared repeatedly that their team will lose a league match at some point this season but few people would expect that to happen at second-from-bottom Swansea.
David Silva is in dazzling form, with goals in each of their past two appearances and a man-of-the-match display on Sunday but the Premier League's leading scorers have an array of talent supporting him.
However, there could be consequences on and off the field following derby victory. Captain Vincent Kompany was substituted after an hour with what appeared to be the latest in a sequence of muscle injuries.
With John Stones out until early January with a hamstring injury, it means Guardiola has just two fit senior centre-backs - Nicolas Otamendi and Eliaquim Mangala.
And the Football Association has demanded answers from both United and City following reports of an ugly fracas in the Old Trafford tunnel after the match that reportedly left City assistant coach Mikel Arteta bloodied.
Guardiola must decide whether to recall striker Sergio Aguero, who was an unused substitute on Sunday after Gabriel Jesus played in a front three against United alongside Raheem Sterling and Leroy Sané.
Swansea striker Wilfried Bony may feel they have a point to prove against their former club.
Bony had a disappointing year-and-a-half in a City shirt, scoring just 10 goals in 46 appearances after joining them from Swansea in January 2015.
An uninspiring season on loan at Stoke failed to rebuild their reputation and the Ivory Coast forward is now back at the Liberty Stadium for a second spell.
After failing to score in their first eight games back at Swansea, Bony has now found the net in each of their past two. They struck on Saturday as they beat West Brom 1-0, climbing off the bottom of the Premier League and easing some of the pressure on manager Paul Clement.
"We have to go into our next game with no fear," said winger Nathan Dyer.
"Manchester City are doing very well so we will have to ensure we are concentrating for the full game and then take the chances we create."
Western Australian homebuyers building with Gemmill Homes will soon be able to install cutting-edge technology in their new homes.
It allows you to manage your energy use so you will save money on your electricity bill, and allows you to help the environment in the process.
Gemmill has partnered with Perth-based iZone to provide market-leading smart technology for new residential building projects.
The iZone system allows residents to control air-conditioning, lighting, reticulation, power, entertainment and security with the touch of a smart device button from anywhere in the world.
iZone also has a touch screen interface that allows users to control many of the appliances in their home, and works with all leading brands.
With one touch, users can turn on an appliance, dim the lights, water the garden or turn the kettle on. Users can even set a schedule so they don't have to do anything at all. The iZone system will do all the work.
Gemmill Homes Managing Director Craig Gemmill said the iZone technology was a must-have for anyone looking at designing their new home.
“The iZone system is easy to use and incredibly efficient,” they said. “It allows you to manage your energy use so you will save money on your electricity bill, and allows you to help the environment in the process.
“The new technology uses the same CAN Bus protocols that Mercedes and BMW incorporate into their luxury cars.
“The wi-fi and 4G-enabled iZone app enables you to control everything in your home via your smart phone or tablet, while the worldwide service allows you greater control, giving you 4G access from anywhere.
“It truly is a great investment for your new home and we are proud at Gemmill Homes to offer this new technology as an option to our customers.” iZone is an Australian company and its understanding of Australia's unique climate has been used in the development of the smart technology. Users can create up to nine zone scenarios to suit their lifestyle, then schedule these to match everyday living.
iZone Director Mike Temple said their brand was about making things work better and helping Australians overcome the huge costs associated with their electricity usage.
“We're really big into energy efficiency,” they said.
“If you add temperature control to house and air-conditioning, you lower the running costs of the air-conditioning, and if you add LED lighting control, you lower the energy consumption.
“You can even add occupancy control, so if the children leave their bedroom and leave the light on, it will automatically switch itself off. “It's about energy savings and adaptability. Our system can be scheduled to come on at any time of the day and switch off automatically.
“Using the iZone reticulation soak and cycle system, you can schedule the watering of your plants for fifteen minutes, breaking this cycle into three blocks of five and saving costly water run-off. You can also turn every light in your house off with one button – it's catered to all your needs.
“It is a great investment for the future and extremely practical given our increasing dependence on smart technology in our everyday lives.”
Gemmill Homes, 9263 4444, www.gemmill.com.au.
iZone, 9418 6631, www.izone.com.au.
Music News: ‘Do You Want to Dance' singer Bobby Freeman dies at 76
Detail of the 'Do You Want to Dance' cover art
Sponsor
Sponsor
Singer-songwriter Bobby Freeman has died of a heart attack at age 76. Freeman was just a teenager when they wrote and recorded “Do You Want to Dance,” a top five hit in 1958. The song became one of the era's most iconic singles, thanks in part to later covers by artists including the Beach Boys and the Ramones, and an appearance on the American Graffiti soundtrack. Freeman had two more chart hits over the next several years, and toured on the oldies circuit thereafter. (New York Times)
New Phife Dawg verse emerges
Coincidentally, “Wanna Dance” is the title of a new Dwele song that features a verse from the late Phife Dawg. The track will appear on both Dwele's forthcoming album Same Book…New Chapter and a posthumous Phife Dawg collection, Forever. (Okayplayer)
Don a helmet on Snapchat
Snapchat has unveiled a Daft Punk filter nationwide in honor of the duo's Grammys appearance and Los Angeles pop-up shop. (Pitchfork)
Another difficult-to-describe new National spinoff project
Okay, this one takes some explaining. There was an evening-long stage work called Black Mountain Songs that premiered in 2014. A studio recording of the music from that show is now being released as the debut album of the Brooklyn Youth Chorus — yes, an actual youth chorus. The music, curated by Bryce Dessner (The National) and Richard Reed Parry (Arcade Fire), features contributions from artists including Caroline Shaw and Jherek Bischoff. It's out March 31, and you can now hear a track on Pitchfork.
Today's political news
Lady Gaga, Tegan and Sara, Cyndi Lauper, and Alicia Keys are among the signatories of a letter protesting a proposed “bathroom bill” that would limit transgender rights in Texas — akin to a controversial bill that's now law in North Carolina. (Rolling Stone)
Drake offers to talk suicidal man off the ledge
On Sunday in Manchester, England, Drake's tour bus was among the vehicles held up in a traffic jam due to a suicidal man who was threatening to jump off a bridge. By way of a representative, Drake offered to talk to the man if it would help; officers declined the offer, and the man was ultimately safely removed from the bridge and taken to a local hospital for assessment. (Manchester Evening News)
Elle King thanks you for being a friend
All seven seasons of The Golden Girls are now streaming on Hulu, and people are excited — people including Elle King. They covered the show's theme song “Thank You For Being a Friend” — written and originally recorded by Andrew Gold in 1978, then sung by Cynthia Fee for the sitcom credits — in a video commissioned by Hulu. (Billboard)
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
Orange County, CA (May 30, 2018): OluKai, the premium, Hawaiian-inspired lifestyle brand launches Hawaiian Blue on May 30, 2018. Each pair of shoes in the small-batch, collection is 100% unique due to being handcrafted, and hand-dyed with indigo plants grown in Hawaii. OluKai partnered with Hawaiian Blue artists Donna Miyashiro and Tokunari Fujibayashi to create beautiful indigo fabric, which is the centerpiece of this limited edition release.
"Working with Donna and Tokunari has been an awesome experience." Commented Blaine Conrad, Vice President of Product, OluKai, "Creating the hand-dyed fabric with the Hawaiian Blue team ensures that we're delivering a truly one-of-a-kind pair of shoes, and creating product that really is made of Hawaii."
The shoes are created in a closed loop sustainable system in which the artists plant and grow the indigo, and then harvest the plant to create the dye. It takes two months from seed to first harvest. The leaves are then soaked in water to ferment for approximately 24 hours, an iridescent sheen forms on the surface, the leaves are removed and the liquid is stirred and oxidized until it turns dark blue in color. The liquid is then poured into a flat-bottomed container to allow the indigo paste to settle, the liquid is skimmed off the top until only the paste remains. The resulting paste can then be used to dye fabric with. The process of dying all of the fabric needed for this collection took 9 months.
"The process of dyeing the fabric with the Indigo is mesmerizing!" said Donna Miyashiro, Artist, Hawaiian Blue, "To see it emerge as a yellowish green and transform into a beautiful hue similar to a twilight sky is an experience that personally never ceases to amaze."
OluKai discovered the Hawaiian Blue artists through the brand's ongoing partnership with Pow! Wow! and connected with them through the artist community in Kaha'ako, Oahu. OluKai was drawn to the fabric because the shades of blue reflect the different hues of the Pacific Ocean, aligning with the brand's "Anywhere Aloha" mantra.
Hawaiian Blue is exclusive to OluKai.com with 500 pairs available in the women's popular Pehuea style, and 200 available in the men's Kahu style. For more information, or to order a pair of Hawaiian Blue visit OluKai.com.
#####
About OluKai:
OluKai is a sought after lifestyle brand that believes everyone, no matter where they are, can live Aloha. OluKai products feature thoughtful design elements and handcrafted details inspired by the ocean lifestyle. We are committed to partnering with best-of-class retailers with whom we share an unwavering pursuit of excellence. OluKai's spirit is shared by others through the Ama OluKai Foundation, a 501(c)(3) created to formalize the company's giveback initiatives. Every OluKai sold supports Ama OluKai Foundation's mission in Hawaii. For more information visit www.OluKai.com or #AnywhereAloha.
Digital security control actually deals with the protection and security of individual's digital identitification and other types of interactions that are being carried out in the world of digitalization. Digital security is a protection of individual digital identity – it is the network or a kind of Internet equivalent of individual physical identity. Digital security actually includes different tools which are being used to secure the physical identity of the subscriber, assets and the technology in the mobile and online world. The growth of the Digital Security Control market is highly dependent on the growth of internet security market globally.
For the purpose of doing in depth analysis, the Digital Security Control Market has been segmented on the basis of hardware, service, software, application and by geography. Based on the hardware the market has been segmented mainly into four types; they are like smart cards, subscriber identity module, biometric technology and into security tokens. By software Digital Security Control market has been segmented mainly into four types they are like network surveillance and security management, anti-phishing and web technologies.
By service the market has been segmented into three types they are like two-factor authentication, three-factor authentication and four factor types of authentication. By application the market has been segmented into four types they are like application in finance and banking services, healthcare sector, mobile security and in commercial segment. Moreover, this report also provide cross-functional analysis of all the above mentioned segments across different regions such as Europe, North America, Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa and Latin America.
Brochure For More Technical Insights https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=23555
Transition from the magnetic strips technology to the Europay, Mastercard and Visa (EMV) method is one of the primary driving factor for the market for digital security control. It is actually a globally accepted standard for all the cards which is being equipped with the computer chips. It actually helps in chip card authentication in transactions. High level of security which is being obtained from the biometrics technology, and the considerable growth of the information security systems market is driving the Digital Security Control market.
Extended security control and high security identification process in the electronic world is acting as a catalyst for the demand of various types of digital security equipments during the forecast period from 2017 to 2025. In addition to that rapid growth of non-individual locking components is going to drive the market in the upcoming years. This, in turn is also projected to affect the market of digital security control in a positive manner during the forecasted period of 2017-2025.
Download TOC https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=23555
By hardware, the smart card market held the largest market share because of its heavy presence in the online payment segment which offers enhanced security by limiting the security risk. However, the biometric technology is projected to achieve exponential growth during the forecast period. Ease of operations and higher adoption of cellular subscriber modules in IT industry makes it the most appropriate choice for various mobile security applications.
Some of the leading players operating in the Digital Security Control market includes 3M (The U.S.), Gemalto NV (Holland), Fireeye, Inc. (The U.S.), Safenet, Inc. (The U.S.), RSA Security LLC (The U.S), Oberthur Technologies (France), NEC Corporation (Japan) among others.
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy Pause
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town, and volunteer fire department
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
4:04 Talkin' Cowboys: Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
1:34 Introducing North Texas students to aviation careers
1:38 The pool at Joe T. Garcia's has a deep history
1:03 Oversized coats are winter's ultimate wrap star
Assemblies of God (AG) Care has ended two decades of lack of water and modern latrines at Chigolo Primary School in Traditional Authority Bibi Kuluunda in Salima by sinking a borehole and two pit latrines….
The post Salima school gets water after two decades appeared first on Malawi Nyasa Times – Malawi breaking news in Malawi.
Source link
Tensions between the United States and North Korea, which have flared from time to time through the years, are high again.
North Korea should not test “the strength of the armed forces of the United States in this region,” Vice President Mike Pence warned Monday in Seoul, South Korea. Over the weekend, North Korea had tested another missile, which blew up shortly after it was launched.
Are you more concerned about the rising tensions now than in similar flare-ups of tension in the past? That's our Question of the Week for readers.
Is this time fundamentally different, now that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has better nuclear and missile capabilities, and now that the Trump administration has shown its willingness to act militarily?
The U.S. struck a Syrian air base after the Syrian government apparently used chemical weapons against rebels, and dropped its biggest non-nuclear bomb on an ISIS-held area of Afghanistan. Those strikes could serve as a warning to North Korea that the U.S. will not back down from a confrontation. The United States has deployed a naval flotilla led by the aircraft carrier Carl Vinson to the coast of the Korean Peninsula.
Are you glad to see the new administration flex its military muscles, or do you see it as a dangerous development? Are you afraid of a full-blown war with a nuclear-armed North Korea, or do you think that the Trump administration's approach will push North Korea to change its course away from its rapid development of nuclear weapons and long-range missiles? Six-party talks and other attempts at negotiations have not deterred North Korea in the past.
Pence also said Monday that Washington was seeking security “through peaceable means, through negotiations.” That is the course that China is encouraging.
What sort of settlement and concessions should the U.S. seek from North Korea?
Email your thoughts to opinion@langnews.com. Please include your full name and city or community of residence. Provide a daytime phone number. Or, if you prefer, share your views in the comments section that accompanies this article online.
We'll publish as many responses as possible.
The development around Union Station is not slowing down anytime soon— case and point, Citizen Rail and its adjoining hotel, Born, are set to open this Tuesday, August 15. Citizen Rail, Denver's newest restaurant, comes from the mind of executive chef Christian Graves, who hails from San Diego. The veteran chef, known for their work at JSix, draws their inspiration from the dual wood fire grill at the heart of the restaurant—where much of the menu will find its flavor. But the grill is not the only secret weapon this new restaurant has.
The Space
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Typically in our previews, we leave this section to speak about the design of the restaurant. But what we found behind the counter is way more pertinent.
Next to the large custom kitchen, and within feet of the wood fire, is a walk-in cooler already filled with aged meats. The dry aged room is where a select amount of the restaurant's locally sourced meats will sit and cure for around 28 days. For chef Graves, this is their “happy place,” because it's where he'll develop additional special projects— including aging items like short ribs. But the dry age room is only the beginning for the meat program at Citizen Rail. Behind the dry age room, in the far back corner of the kitchen, you'll find an elevator. Press the button to take you up to the third floor and you'll discover a whole second kitchen for Citizen Rail as well as Hotel Born. Inside the ancillary kitchen is where you'll find Andrew Gonzales— Citizen Rail's full-time butcher.
The Butcher
Gonzales, a 37-year-old Colorado native has only had two jobs in their life — construction and butchering. They prefer the latter and has been doing it in some form since they were 14 years old. They fell in love with the profession while working in a local grocery store. Later they found a job at Sam's Club where they gained enough acclaim as a butcher that Whole Foods personally sought them out to work in their Colorado stores. They worked at Whole Foods for seven years, learning the ins and outs of the industry before moving to Boulder Natural Meats, where they spearheaded their red meat program. To say Gonzales is knowledgeable would be an understatement. So it's no surprise that when they applied to work at Citizen Rail, they got the job immediately.
“I put in my application at midnight and they called me the next day at 6 a.m.,” they said.
Gonzales will be responsible for Citizen Rail's whole animal butchery program, where he'll break down everything from whole lambs and pigs and even game birds. “We'll go as big as we can fit in here,” they explained. Many of the meats will be sourced from local sustainable farms like Aspen Ridge, where the team gets their beef or Frontiere Natural for game animals like bison. Other items like chickens come from Petaluma in California or Broken Arrow Ranch in Texas where the venison is often still hunted instead of processed in a plant.
“Everything we have is all steroid, hormones and antibiotics free that we'll sell here,” said Gonzales.
Purveyors will rotate out as necessary because according to Graves, their philosophy is “local first.” But while the meat is at the heart of the restaurant, you'd be mistaken if Citizen Rail was about pure carnivorous attitudes.
The Food and Drink
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Despite Citizen Rail's overt appreciation for all things meat, Graves believes it's not necessary for someone to eat it every day. Rather, they explained through their careful sourcing they want to show people how to “savor it more and eat it on occasion.” This statement may be perplexing when you see Citizen Rail's behemoth portions like the 32-ounce Tomahawk steak (for two). But, if you veer away from the red meat section, you'll find thoughtful vegetable dishes like the crispy artichokes with Dungeness crab, Persian cucumber salad or the vegetarian entree made of a chickpea cake with heirloom tomatoes, roasted corn and eggplant and blistered vegetables.
Fish is also a big component of Citizen Rail's menu. And like the steaks, the fish is also prepared on the wood fire grill. But instead of using traditional mesquite and hickory woods, like they use for the red meats, the fish is cooked with more delicate woods like oak and fruit woods such as apple and peach. On this side of the menu, the grilled hamachi collars are likely to be a hit as well as the ember roasted whole Maine lobster. But if you ask Graves their favorite? They land squarely on the hickory oxtail with rice porridge.
Last but definitely not least, we have the drinks. Concocted by lead bartender Chris Burmeister, the drink menu consists of an eclectic collection of 300 bottles. There is not one particular focus in terms of booze, but Burmeister explains there is a strong showing of mezcal. This makes sense considering the smoky attributes pairs nicely with the food. This is shown no better than in the Plunder Road. The “milk punch” is an arduous drink to make but the result is nothing short of a stroke of genius. Clear in color but vibrant in taste, the Plunder Road has a hint of smoke from the mezcal that is smoothed out by the diary and cantaloupe. It's refreshing but also deeply satisfying — making for an addicting drink. It's likely you'll be able to have just one.
—
Citizen Rail opens on Tuesday and joins the most bustling area in Denver. It's likely with the attached hotel and the nearby train station Citizen Rail will not want for customers. But that doesn't mean the new restaurant will lack in the competition. With the forthcoming Tarvnetta from the team at Frasca (aka one of the most decorated restaurants in Colorado), the team at Citizen Rail will have their work cut out for them. From what we can see, they are more than ready for the challenge.
Citizen Rail is located at 1899 16th Street, Denver. It is open for dinner Sunday through Wednesday from 5 -10:30 p.m., with the bar, open until 11:30 p.m. Dinner is offered until 11 p.m. Thursdays through Saturdays, with the bar open until midnight. Citizen Rail will have with daily breakfast service from 6:30 – 10:30 a.m. Brunch and lunch service will be added at a later date.
State officials have declared a ban on residential brush burning on Long Island and across New York, noting the risk at this time of year for wildfires.
The ban is in effect through May 14, and comes as firefighters have responded recently to a number of brush fire reports across the state, according to a news release Monday from Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo's office.
Several factors enhancing the fire risk are at play, said Benning DeLaMater, a spokesperson for the state Department of Environmental Conservation. This is “the season you have the fuel — leaves and brush” from last year still on the ground, DeLaMater said.
On Sunday, firefighters spent an hour and a half battling a 1-acre blaze that started about noon on property near the Suburban Water Gardens nursery in Dix Hills. A Melville firefighter was hospitalized with a shoulder injury they received at the scene, authorities said, and investigators are still determining the cause of the fire.
The state's annual springtime residential brush burning ban was initiated in 2009, and wildfires have dropped by 35 percent since then, DeLaMater said.
“Open burning of debris is the largest single cause of spring wildfires in New York State,” the DEC said last month in its announcement of this season's ban. “When temperatures are warmer and the past fall's debris and leaves dry out, wildfires can start and spread easily and be further fueled by winds and a lack of green vegetation.”
Exceptions to the ban include small campfires of a certain dimension and ceremonial bonfires, the governor's release said, with burning of leaves and grass prohibited year-round.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Violators of the ban can face civil and criminal enforcement actions, including a minimum $500 fine for first offenders, according to the DEC.
In a special statement issued Monday for Long Island, the National Weather Service's Upton office pointed to “the combination of warm temperatures, low daytime relative humidity, gusty winds and dry fuels” as leading to the threat of brush fires spreading in the afternoon.
On Monday, Long Island was in the “high” category of the DEC's fire danger map, DeLaMater said, rising from “moderate” status over the weekend. “High” is the third of five categories, with the highest being “extreme.”
“From late March on through May is our fire season,” said Tim Morrin, weather service meteorologist and the Upton office's fire weather team leader.
The governor's release pointed to the expectation for above-average temperatures for the region though spring.
According to the Climate Prediction Center, there's a 40 to 50 percent probability for April to have above-normal temperatures in the region that includes Long Island, with a 50 percent probability for above-normal temperatures in April through June.
So far those expectations are “really on track,” Morrin said, with temperatures at Long Island MacArthur Airport 4 degrees above normal so far this month.
April also has had 1.97 inches of precipitation, which is 0.44 of an inch below normal.
Blotter o' the Week: An officer approached a man talking with their friend on a street corner to ask why the man's face was slathered in blood. Upon questioning, the man in the Carrie cosplay informed the officer that they were unaware that their face was bleeding. After additional questioning, the man, who appeared very intoxicated, revealed that their injuries could have occurred when they tripped and fell face-first on the street.
A man invited an acquaintance known only by their first name over to their apartment to collect $50. The two soon reached a disagreement and the "Man with One Name" grabbed an iron and struck the debtor in the face before fleeing.
Police returned to a loud party several hours after issuing the resident a warning. When asked why they had disregarded the initial citation, the resident responded, "I was going to get a ticket somewhere, so it might as well have been here."
A thief took advantage of an unlocked vehicle to make off with a Ziploc bag containing $2 in change. If they or they break into a few more cars, they can afford a cup of coffee.
A heavily intoxicated woman was met by police as they were led out of a bar. They asked if the bar's bouncer could go retrieve their friend from inside the establishment so that they could go home. When the bouncer turned their back, the woman seized the opportunity to rush into the bar for a few more seconds of fun, before their night was cut short.
An officer posted nearby a downtown bar managed to collect six fake IDs in one hour. Way to be persistent you crafty, underage drinkers.
A man returned to their vehicle to find that their tax forms and their mother's death certificate had been stolen.
Workers installing insulation under a house discovered what they believed to be human bones buried beneath the home. A photo of the remains was sent to the coroner's office, and it was determined that the bones were not human.
A shoplifter tried to race out of a store in a motorized cart. The low-speed chase ended just feet from the front of the store where the suspect was apprehended.
Three months after their breakup, a man found their ex-girlfriend smashing the windshield of their car and shouting "Oh, this is how it is, huh?"
A woman who suspected their fiance of having an affair went to their alleged lover's office to confront the other woman, ending in a bit of hair-pulling and punches.
A college student and their girlfriend were allegedly attacked in a bar by a classmate who had been sending them "unwanted and sometimes obscene text messages." According to an incident report, the student received a text from the other woman, reading, "I don't know what trash you brought to this state, but take their home and stop staring at me."
A man stated that their cellphone was a bomb before smashing it against the sidewalk. When speaking with police, the man said that they were upset after recently losing their job. To manage the stress, they had taken a pill that day, but wasn't sure exactly what they had consumed.
A driver with a suspended license told police that they were just cruising around so that their friend could play Pokémon Go. So apparently, someone is still playing that game.
An officer responding to reports of an unruly bar patron was met by an overly excited exhibitionist who shouted, "You want this!" while exposing himself.
A man attempted to steal a psychedelic blue and turquoise painting named "Miami Sunlight" from a motel bathroom. They were chased down in a nearby diner, and the painting was returned.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. -- Records from 911 calls show the driver charged with killing a woman at a white supremacist rally was previously accused of beating their mother and threatening them with a knife.
Authorities say 20-year-old James Fields drove their car into a crowd of counter-protesters on Saturday in Charlottesville. At least two dozen were wounded in addition to the woman killed.
The records the Florence Police Department in Kentucky show the man's mother had called police in 2011. Records show Fields' mother, Samantha Bloom, told police they stood behind them wielding a 12-inch knife. Bloom is disabled and uses a wheelchair.
In another incident in 2010, Bloom said that Fields smacked them in the head and locked them in the bathroom after they told them to stop playing video games. Bloom told officers Fields was on medication to control theirs temper.
New Delhi: In an obvious attack on cow vigilantes, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday said violence in the name of one`s values was unacceptable.
"Violence in the name of one`s belief is not something to be happy about. It will not be accepted in India. India is about peace, unity and amity. Casteism and communalism will not help us," they said in their Independence Day speech from the Red Fort here.
Modi added: "The poison of casteism and communalism can never be beneficial for our nation and should not be endorsed."
Robert Mood, one of Norway's most experienced and decorated officers with almost 40 years of experience, has taken a merciless stance against Norwegian politicians in their new book. By their own admission, Mood is more intimidated by the rhetoric of local politicians than that of Vladimir Putin's Russia.
Norwegian defense veteran Robert Mood, known for having occupied positions of power within the Norwegian Armed Forces, NATO and the United Nations, has unleashed scathing criticism against their country's authorities, accusing them of "navel-gazing" and "short-sightedness."
"[Prime Minister] Erna Solberg inviting politicians with confrontational rhetoric and intimidation to the King's board scares me more than Putin's Russia," the former army commander said, hinting at Oslo's dubious partnerships in the Middle East, as quoted by the Aftenposten daily.
In their new book, "Responsibility: leadership is not a popularity contest," Mood, last year's winner of the Free Word literature prize, argued that the Norwegian leadership doesn't deserve the confidence it enjoys from Norwegian soldiers.
Robert Mood peker på svakt politisk lederskap i møte med vår tids store spørsmål https://t.co/ZHOLQhMa7m pic.twitter.com/jlGroWUvdp — Cappelen Damm (@CappelenDamm) November 20, 2017
​"So much political intriguing and so little substance. Such great opportunities and so little ability and willingness to seize them," Mood said.
According to Mood, Norway's foreign policy needs a greater emphasis on values. The values held in high esteem at home get subdued on the internbational arena, for the simple reason of gaining market access tor Norwegian companies selling arms, among other things, Mood argued. The former army boss also cited Prime Minister Erna Solberg's visit to China and Fisheries Minister Per Sandberg's visit to Iran to boost fish exports, calling for greater courage and an eagerness to solve today's challenges, even the cost of a loss in voters' interest.
Mood didn't even spare former Norwegian Labor Prime Minister and incumbent NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg from reproach.
According to Mood, Stoltenberg should have resigned immediately after the Anders Breivik attack that claimed 77 lives on July 22, 2011, as "being in charge of all that went wrong that day." By remaining in power, Stoltenberg sent an unfortunate signal to future leaders in terms of responsibility and decision-making. Mood also ventured that "sympathetic, nice and likeable people" like Stoltenberg were not necessarily more effective than politicians they described as "rude, abrupt and arrogant."
"On the contrary, leaders who always seek compromise and shy away from the less popular decisions may be the weak leaders. On the other hand, they fit well in NATO, where consensus, compromise and less clear leadership is exactly what is demanded," Mood argued.
​Neither Erna Solberg nor Jens Stoltenberg answered Mood's harangues, while Integration Minister Sylvi Listhaug agreed with the former army official that leadership is not a popularity contest.
Fifty-nine-year-old Robert Mood is the former inspector general of the Norwegian Army and the chief of the UN Truce Supervision Organization (UNTSO). Recently Mood was appointed the president of Red Cross Norway.
SAVORY ROAST PORK TENDERLOIN WITH SPINACH AND RED ONIONS
2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh rosemary (or 3/4 teaspoon dried ground rosemary)
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1/2 teaspoon ground coriander
1/2 plus 1/4 teaspoon salt, divided
1/8 teaspoon black pepper
1 1/4-pound pork tenderloin
1 tablespoon olive oil
Best Bets Get the scoop on events, nightlife, day trips, family fun and things to do on Long Island. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar
1 teaspoon light brown sugar
2 medium red onions, each cut in 6 wedges
6 cups baby spinach
1. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees. Coat a baking sheet pan with cooking spray.
2. Combine the rosemary, garlic powder, coriander, 1/2 teaspoon of the salt and the pepper in a small bowl. Pat the mixture evenly over the entire surface of the pork.
3. Combine the olive oil, vinegar and sugar, stirring until the sugar is dissolved. Toss with the onions.
4. Place the onions and pork on the baking sheet pan and drizzle with any of the vinegar mixture left in the bowl. Roast in the center of the oven until the onions are very tender and the pork is cooked to an internal temperature of 140 degrees, about 25 to 27 minutes. Transfer the pork to a cutting board and allow it to rest 5 minutes.
5. Meanwhile, add the spinach to the sheet pan, sprinkle with the remaining salt, and return to the oven. Roast until the spinach begins to wilt, about 3 minutes. Remove from the oven and toss the spinach,
6. Cut the pork across in slices and serve with the spinach and onions.
Makes 4 servings.
Nutritional analysis for each serving: 230 calories, 30 g protein, 11 g carbohydrates, 3 g fiber, 7 g fat, 2 g saturated fat, 563 mg sodium
------
PORK TACOS
1 pound pork tenderloin, cut in 2-inch-by-1/2-inch-wide strips
2 tablespoons lime juice, divided
2 teaspoons chili powder
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon sugar
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup canola mayonnaise
1/4–1/2 teaspoon chipotle chili powder
1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar
1/2 cup thinly sliced red onion
6 cups shredded cabbage
1/2 cup matchstick (pre-shredded) carrot
1 tablespoon canola oil
8 corn tortillas
1. Combine the pork, 1 tablespoon of the lime juice, chili powder, cumin, sugar, garlic powder and salt in a bowl and toss to thoroughly combine.
2. In a second bowl, combine the mayonnaise, chipotle chili powder and vinegar. Add the onion, cabbage and carrots and toss to thoroughly combine.
3. Heat the canola oil over medium high in a large nonstick skillet. Add the pork and cook, stirring often, until it is just cooked through, about 5 minutes.
4. Heat the tortillas according to package directions. Fill with the pork and cabbage mixture and serve.
Makes 4 servings.
Nutritional analysis for each serving: 377 calories, 31 g protein, 34 g carbohydrates, 6 g fiber, 13 g fat, 2 g saturated fat, 562 mg sodium
------
SPICE-RUBBED PORK CHOPS WITH PEACH SALSA
1 teaspoon cumin
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1/2 teaspoon smoked paprika
1/2 plus 1/4 teaspoon salt, divided
4 (1/2-inch thick) bone-in pork chops (about 2 pounds)
2 peaches, cut in 1/4-inch dice
2 plum tomatoes, cut in 1/4-inch dice
1/4 cup finely chopped red onion
1/2 jalapeño, finely minced
2 tablespoons lime juice
2 tablespoons chopped cilantro
1 tablespoon canola oil
1. Combine the cumin, garlic powder, smoked paprika and 1/2 teaspoon of the salt and sprinkle evenly over both sides of the pork chops.
2. Combine the peaches, tomato, red onion, jalapeño, lime juice, cilantro and remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt; toss thoroughly and set aside.
3. Heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium high. Add the pork chops and cook 4 to 5 minutes, until well-browned on the undersides. Turn and cook until an instant-read thermometer inserted in the centers reaches 140 to 145 degrees, about another 4 to 5 minutes. Serve topped with the salsa.
Makes 4 servings.
Nutritional analysis for each serving 290 calories, 33 g protein, 10 g carbohydrates, 2 g fiber, 13 g fat, 3 g saturated fat, 506 mg sodium
Hawaii's Kilauea Volcano Has Now Destroyed 70 Homes As of Tuesday, authorities are reporting 71 homes have been destroyed by lava with 20 burning in the last few days alone. According to Civil Defense Administrator Talmadge Magno, the lava has crossed a major highway and is encroaching on a geothermal energy conversion plant which has already shut down 11 wells. Additionally, officials are warning residents on Hawaii‘s Big Island to be careful of “Pele‘s hair,” small, thin strands of volcanic glass fibers that can cause injuries to the eyes and lungs.
Best bet: ARCHUMYBABY (1)
Best value: ENTICING EVENING (3)
FIRST: Archumybaby makes first start with maiden-claiming tag and first start going long; both are profitable categories for Danny Gargan barn. Salori's Bank is improving and has the benefit of the rail with short run into first turn; dangerous. Carolina Courage owns a running style that could be aided by added ground.
SECOND: Aix En Provence was compromised by wide trip and slow fractions last time; call based on price. Julie D owns speed, fast figures and makes first start since claimed by David Jacobson; very dangerous. Ducasa also is fleet-footed and bested top selection by four lengths last time; right in the thick of this.
THIRD: Enticing Evening was an improved fourth in last and logged crisp, half-mile work in the interim. She's Had Enough is speedy and will prove very tough on a soft lead. Andale Julia drops to lifetime low; must consider.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
FOURTH: Quien Sabe makes peak start of form cycle and should be aided by today's added ground. Mr. Charles was a fast-figured second in last at Penn National; very playable. Hangry is riding a forward line on the numbers and owns swift back figures.
FIFTH: Liz's Cable Girl visually and numerically impressed when a 10-length winner in debut at Parx; ready for prime time. Wonderful Savvy could be the prime beneficiary if pace meltdown ensues. Phantom Shot is another that would benefit if fractions get fast and furious.
SIXTH: Our Karma gets class relief, needed last and projects as the speed of the speed with aggressive ride. Guyana Cat logged only lifetime win on the inner track; very interesting. Made of Steel is fleet-footed, owns swift numbers and makes first start since claimed by Danny Gargan; must be factored into the mix.
SEVENTH: Ocean Knight drops, is training sharply and consistently logs swift numbers on “A” efforts. Old Upstart gets confident price hike after being claimed for $32k in October; worth long look. Furyofthenorsemen could be ideally positioned in the stalker's seat.
EIGHTH: Joywave should pack intensified late kick with cutback to 6 furlongs; rates close call. Spectrolite has finished second in both starts; continues trend? Abolitionist drops and makes first start since gelded; wake-up potential. Gun for Hire was a late-running second in well-bet debut; right in the thick of this.
ISLAMABAD: Awami Muslim League (AML) chief Sheikh Rasheed on Saturday moved a petition in the Supreme Court seeking disqualification of Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi over alleged corruption in the award of a liquefied natural gas (LNG) import contract in 2015.
The petitioner has alleged massive corruption in the LNG contract, which, it said, the prime minister in their capacity as the minister for petroleum and natural resources had awarded back in 2015.
The AML chief filed the petition through Barrister Latif Khosa, pleading with the court to disqualify the premier from office. The court was further requested to order the National Accountability Bureau (NAB) to take action against them in this regard.
Speaking to the media outside the apex court, Rasheed said they were going to expose those who bought expensive LNG to the country, causing a huge loss to the national exchequer.
They said it was not easy to get their hands on the documents regarding the LNG contract, but they succeeded in getting the documents to expose the alleged LNG scam.
Lincoln – After losing consecutive games for the first time in over a month this past weekend, the Nebraska baseball team (21-13-1, 5-3-1 Big Ten) will play four road games this week. The week starts with a midweek trip to TD Ameritrade Park in Omaha on Tuesday night for the second game in a three-game season series against the Creighton Bluejays (14-16, 5-1 Big East). Nebraska then heads to Minneapolis this weekend for three Big Ten Conference games against the Minnesota Golden Gophers. The Huskers took the first meeting between the Huskers and Jays this season at Hawks Field on April 4 by a score of 14-6.
The last two meetings will be in Omaha, including Tuesday's game and the finale on Wednesday, May 10. Tuesday will be the 136th all-time meeting between the Huskers and Jays, with Nebraska holding a 84-49-2 advantage. The Huskers took 2-of-3 from the Jays last season and have won six straight against the Jays at Hawks Field. After the Husker won at home last year, 8-2, the Jays took the first meeting in Omaha, 4-3, to even the season series. The Huskers responded with a 15-2 road win during the final week of the regular season to secure the series victory. Nebraska is coming off a 2-1 series loss to the Iowa Hawkeyes. The Huskers avoided the sweep with an 8-6 win on Sunday after dropping the first two games, 7-6 (10 innings) and 5-3. Entering the weekend the Huskers had won sixth straight Big Ten series dating back to last year.
The Huskers are 7-2-1 on the road this season and 6-3-1 over their last 10 games. Creighton enters Tuesday playing some of its best baseball of the season, as the Jays have won six straight games, including a Big East sweep at Georgetown this past weekend. The Georgetown sweep followed up a series victory over St. John's the previous week, who enters this week ranked 22nd in the country by both D1Baseball and Baseball America. The Jays are 6-4 over their last 10 games and are 9-5 at TD Ameritrade this season.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A murderer, a rapist, a people trafficker and a pole dancer involved in a sick suicide pact are among the criminals jailed in our courts in January.
Today the News takes you through some of the most horrendous cases brought before the courts in an effort to carry out the role of the media that 'justice is seen to be done'.
Rapist Jacob Heranwa
This monster raped a young girl they should have been looking after three times.
Heranwa showed no remorse for their crimes and has now been jailed for 17 years.
The 49-year-old, of Bernard Close, Huntingdon abused their position of trust by raping the youngster and was found guilty following a four-day trial at Peterborough Crown Court.
They were sentenced on January 18 to 17 years on each count, to run concurrently, and was told they would serve an eight-year extended license on release.
Heranwa received an indefinite restraining order preventing contact with the victim and their family and was also made the subject of an indefinite sexual harm prevention order.
People traffickers Stephen Gardner and Saleh Khaled Farhan
Gardner, from Beccles in Suffolk, used their international horse transportation business as a guise for their illegal smuggling and a group of migrants is shoved into a cramped and squalid horsebox to be smuggled into the UK.
The 31-year-old was paid €4,000 to stow three people in the horsebox, which was also carrying four horses at the time, between France and the UK in May 2016.
The people smuggling had been organised by Saleh Khaled Farhan, 44, from Blackburn.
Farhan organised for Gardner to collect the men in Calais and then take them to the Elstree in Hertfordshire before they were collected and moved to a 'safe house' in Wembley, North London.
The smuggling ring was discovered by the National Crime Agency who found Farhan had been in contact with Gardener and one of the migrants during the trip.
Gardner's phone was seized and showed texts to their girlfriend where they admitted being paid around €4,000 to smuggle three migrants on May 21, 2016.
Both men pleaded guilty to conspiracy to facilitate illegal immigration and were jailed on January 19 at Birmingham Crown Court.
Farhan was sentenced to three years and seven months while Gardner will serve a three year jail term.
Former pole dancer Natasha Gordon
A former pole dancer who entered into a suicide pact with a mail carrier and left them to die was jailed for four years.
Natasha Gordon of Paston Ridings, Peterborough, backed out of the agreement with 31-year-old Matthew Birkinshaw on December 17, 2015, by getting out of their car before they killed himself.
The ex-model was described during their trial as an "enthusiastic advocate" of suicide.
Royal Mail employee Mr Birkinshaw, of Walsall, West Midlands, was pronounced dead at 7.24pm, just after they were found in their Fiat Punto at Rutland Water in Oakham, Rutland.
Gordon, denied having any impact on Mr Birkinshaw's decision to take their own life, but was convicted by a jury at Leicester Crown Court in December.
Michael Brown
A nurse was jailed for four years after admitting watching a child being raped in an online chatroom.
Michael Brown, 49, of St Neots, pleaded guilty to three charges of intentionally encouraging or assisting the showing of indecent images of children.
Brown, who was working at Hinchingbrooke Hospital at the time of their arrest, logged in to view a rape being streamed from Pennsylvania in the US in July 2015.
Officers from the National Crime Agency (NCA) identified Brown as the man behind usernames perv and pervnpoppers during an investigation into the broadcast.
(Image: National Crime Agency)
Brown was sentenced to four years at Cambridge Crown Court on January 19.
They will also be subject to an indefinite sexual harm prevention order and has been placed on the sex offenders register.
Christopher Mervin Tucker
This paedophile who raped a teenage girl will spend more time behind bars after judges ruled their sentence was "unduly lenient".
Tucker, 71, of Bascraft Way, Godmanchester, previously admitted twice raping their victim, who was under 13 at the time of the first attack.
The horrific abuse took place between 2003 and 2016 and only came to light in October 2016 when the girl approached police.
Tucker - who is illiterate and has a mental age of an 11-year-old - was sentenced to 11 years in jail in November 2017.
In a review of the case at the Court of Appeal in London on January 16, Judge Sir Brian Leveson extended their "unduly lenient" term to 16 years.
The judge said that was the very least that Tucker deserved for their attacks on the girl.
Abdul Korim Ali
This killer showed “not an ounce of remorse” for murdering their childhood friend.
On January 12 Abdul K Ali was jailed for life.
Already a convicted drug dealer, they were found guilty of the murder of James Cromwell, who they stabbed in the heart in Stretten Avenue in the Arbury area of the city on June 30, 2017.
The life-long pals grew up together, attending the same schools and mixing with the same friends, but became caught up in gangs and drugs.
Cambridge Crown Court heard how K Ali stabbed Mr Cromwell in an argument over drugs.
Sentencing them to life in prison - and a minimum of 23 years behind bars - Judge David Farrell branded K Ali a "hypocrite" for leaving flowers at the scene where they had stabbed the young dad.
K Ali was also handed an eight month sentence, to serve concurrently, for using a mobile phone while in prison.
Their 24-year-old brother Abdul Salam Ali was not involved in the killing, but was sentenced to three years in prison for intimidating a witness.
Tommy Wall
Wall has been jailed for failing to get treatment for their dog's fractured leg.
The 57-year-old, of Pine Lane, Smithy Fen, Cottenham appeared at Huntingdon Magistrates' Court and was found guilty of causing unnecessary suffering to their dog, Patch.
The court heard they had failed to ensure the dog received appropriate veterinary care for a fractured leg between the period of May 2 and 10 last year.
They were given an 18-week custodial sentence, disqualified from keeping all animals for five years and ordered to pay £500 costs.
Patch's leg was amputated. In their defence Wall said the reason they had not taken their dog back for treatment was because they believed it would mean Patch being put to sleep, and they did not want that.
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app. It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store, or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
Tailored music sessions could be crucial in transforming the lives of millions of people whose speech is impacted by learning difficulties, strokes, dementia, brain damage and autism, a new study suggests.
It could enable individuals and their families to feel less isolated or neglected within society, while enhancing their ability to communicate, both with each other and the wider world.
But consistent funding and provision needs to be increased, while health and community providers need to implement a more integrated approach to using music in supporting those impacted by strokes and dementia.
Those are among the key findings of Beyond Words, a project led by the University of Plymouth and Plymouth Music Zone (PMZ) and funded by the Arts Council England Research Grants programme.
It focused on those who have problems communicating with words -- who the researchers now term as being 'post-verbal' -- and how music might be used to help them.
The study is the first to focus on post-verbal people and music, and one of the first to explore how music can have a positive effect on a wide range of health-related issues and how future provision might take them all into account rather than focussing on only specific groups within society.
Jocey Quinn, Professor of Education at the University, led the study which involved a series of interviews, focus groups and arts workshops, as well as observing the regular sessions offered by PMZ.
They said: "What we have shown is that music can give people a voice, allowing them to explore their creativity as well as communicating both pleasure and pain. In post-verbal children, music can enable carers and families to see the full potential of the individual, while in someone with dementia, a person's identity can re-emerge when families might have thought it had been lost. This is not simply talking about a minority group, but millions of people who currently do not get good provision, and finding ways to give people hope for the future."
Debbie Geraghty is the Executive Director of Plymouth Music Zone, the award-winning charity which was the focus of the groundbreaking longitudinal research. The charity is at the forefront of using music as a powerful tool for inclusion and social change and reaches out to vulnerable children, young people and adults across Plymouth and beyond.
They added: "This research really shines a light on the tremendous personal and social impacts music can have on individuals and, indeed, how to go about using music to achieve those changes. Surprisingly for us though, it shows just how much those effects really ripple out among families and communities and uncovers the true depth and importance of the work. Plymouth Music Zone willingly opened its doors to researchers because we care so deeply about using the power of music to include and value everyone in society. I hope these valuable insights influence others far and wide as the participants who took part in this research have enrichened our lives and taught us more about the importance of connection, kindness and care than we could ever have imagined possible."
For the project, research assistant Claudia Blandon spent 16 months observing sessions delivered by PMZ and following the lives of 25 people who attend sessions at the centre and other community venues like care homes. MPZ's Training and Research Manager and Music Leader, Anna Batson, was the third member of the research team who brought musical expertise to the findings.
It also involved interviews with 44 family members, which offered an insight into the richness of the lives led by 'post-verbal' people, 30 arts workshops with the post-verbal people and four focus groups with music leaders and volunteers based around current provision and how they felt it might be enhanced.
The final report is now being communicated to policymakers, charities and others in the hope that the type of sessions offered at Plymouth Music Zone, and other similar centres, can be increased in a sustainable manner.
Some of its findings have already been communicated during conferences in Plymouth, Poland and the United States, with the hope that the lessons learned could be implemented internationally.
Phil Gibby, Area Director, South West, Arts Council England, said: "We are delighted to have been able to support the University of Plymouth and Plymouth Music Zone through our National-Lottery funded Research Grants programme to carry out this important project. Our research programme aims to deepen knowledge and understanding of the impact of art and culture, and the complex role it plays in our experience as individuals and a society. We are pleased to see that the results of this study provide credible and robust evidence that demonstrates the wide social benefits of art and culture and hope this goes some way to making the links truly recognised."
###
This is our Pennsylvania Snow bird club, we meet at Hazels in Orange Beach every Wednesday for Breakfast. Come and join us sometime and see what we do. We are a fun loving group. We won't meet on Feb. 15 because we are having our pot luck lunch at the Presbyterian Church in Orange Beach on Cannel Rd. on Feb. 16. (By Marie Wisor)
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
HUTCHINSON, Kan. — It appears to be a fairly busy morning for the Reno County Commission Tuesday, which includes one item for discussion postponed from last week.
That includes the commission's overall goals and changes in meeting times and procedures.
The commission will also consider setting a date for applying for natural disaster tax abatement for those affected by the wildfires last month.
Also for discussion is approval of a quitclaim deed on real estate deemed as surplus to be conveyed to the city of Arlington located southwest of the Coop in that city between K-61 and the railroad tracks.
They will also talk about a request from the county transportation department for surplus property they want to sell, which includes a couple of vehicles that would be placed on the Purple Wave Auction site.
And they'll also look at designating Friday May 19 as “National Bike to Work Day,” which would also include a free ride day for all RCAT services.
The County Commission meeting begins at 9 a.m. at the Reno County Courthouse.
Denis Law will receive the freedom of the City of Aberdeen this weekend – and the celebrations will culminate with a hero's reception for the new Freeman at the Town House on Sunday (November 26).
The Sunday event, which is combined with the traditional Christmas lights switch-on parade, will give Aberdonians and visitors the chance to cheer the city's most famous sporting son as they travel down Union Street in an open-top car.
The parade, with a football theme to mark the occasion, will begin from the top of Union Street at 5.30pm and conclude outside the Town House at around 6.15pm – with Denis due to greet the crowds from the Town House balcony upon their arrival.
The colourful occasion on Sunday will follow Saturday's conferral ceremony at the Beach Ballroom, where the full Council will convene and be joined by the Law family and friends for the Freedom to be officially bestowed on the former Manchester United and Scotland star. An evening reception for invited guests will also be held at the Ballroom.
The Lord Provost of Aberdeen Barney Crockett said: “This weekend promises to be a fitting celebration of the achievements of Denis Law – a humble Aberdeen loon who went on to become a global superstar.
“Denis has used their profile for the greater good and continues to work tirelessly in their capacity as figurehead and driving force for the charitable causes closest to their heart - not least the Denis Law Legacy Trust, which has had such a positive impact on the lives of young people in Aberdeen.
“The Freedom of the City of Aberdeen is the highest honour that can be awarded to an individual by the city and it is fitting that Denis Law will join the distinguished list of recipients.
“He has always been a credit to the city that has such a special place in their heart – just as Denis has a special place in the heart of Aberdonians. We look forward to welcoming Denis and their family for what is an incredibly special weekend and invite everyone to join the celebrations on Union Street on Sunday.”
It is the first conferral to take place in Aberdeen since Scotland the What received the honour in 2008 and 18 years since fellow football legend Sir Alex Ferguson was recognised for their contribution to the city.
An 18-year-old Afghan asylum seeker has been arrested in the German city of Esslingen for the alleged rape of a 13-year-old girl, only a month after they were released from prison following a sex offence conviction.
The Stuttgart Public Prosecutor's Office and police in Reutlingen say that the asylum seeker committed the rape on Monday, but the 13-year-old victim did not report the incident until Wednesday after seeing the man again and being threatened by him, Süddeutsche Zeitung reports.
Investigators say that the 13-year-old victim only recently became acquainted with the asylum seeker and that they had visited them on Monday when they forced them to have sexual intercourse with him.
The incident comes after the 18-year-old was released from juvenile detention following a conviction for attempted rape, which saw them sentenced to a year in custody.
They were allegedly out on parole at the time of the rape, though it is not clear what the exact conditions involved.
Migrant Rape Attacks Up 91 Per Cent in Bavaria, Germany https://t.co/BysCJP4ecl — Breitbart London (@BreitbartLondon) September 14, 2017
The rape is just the latest in an epidemic of sex crimes involving young migrant men in Germany. Statistics from multiple cities and regions have shown a disproportionate number of sex attacks are carried out by asylum seekers and young men from migrant backgrounds.
In September, Bavarian authorities released statistics showing the number of rapes involving migrant suspects had increased by 91 percent from 2016 to 2017.
During that same month, the Bavarian town of Höhenkirchen-Siegertsbrunn saw the rape of a 16-year-old girl by Afghan migrants in front of an asylum home one evening. The migrants, aged 17,18 and 27, are said to have taken turns brutally raping the underage girl.
Earlier that year Breitbart London reported that another Afghan asylum seeker had committed a series of sex assaults in the Austrian capital of Vienna. The 25-year-old admitted to having sexually molested a dozen women between the ages of 18 and 36 over a four-month period.
A group of German women launched a campaign called #120db to raise awareness of women who have been victimised as a result of mass migration on January 30th.
Malcolm Turnbull got emotional as they spoke of their wife's great uncle who died five days after arriving on the River Somme
After setting the stage on fire in Auckland, Melbourne and Hong Kong, Salman Khan and their team performed in the capital city on December 10.
The Da-Bangg tour includes Salman Khan, Sonakshi Sinha, Kriti Sanon, Prabhu Deva, Daisy Shah, Maniesh Paul and Meet Brothers. They managed to enthral the audiences with their bang on and power packed performances.
Watching Salman dance is a treat in itself! The videos and pictures that are doing the rounds is a proof that the audiences had a good time at the concert. The event was started with the performance of Daisy Shah, who grooved on songs like Tu Isaq Mera and Tere Naina.
They were followed by the Bareilly Ki Barfi actor who shook their leg on the tunes of Manma Emotion, Main Tera Boyfriend and Sweety Tera Drama. Sonakshi and Prabhu Deva performed on Urvasi, Chinta Ta Ta, Nacha Farate and Govinda. Soon before Salman graced the stage, a famous dialogue by them was played- Swagat Nahi Karogay Humara and the crowd welcomed and cheered them with claps and whistles. The Tiger Zinda Hai actor performed on Oh Oh Jaane Jaana, Mujhse Shadi Karogi, Garam Chai Ki Pyali Ho, Munni Badnam, Prem Ratan Dhan Payo and Swag Se Swagat.
As soon their performance was over, Salman addressed the audiences and said, “Namastey, Salaam Alaikum, Kem cho… Kya haal hai Delhi? (How are you Delhi). Good evening, thank you is swagat ka bahut bahut shukriya (thank you for this warm welcome). Aajkal kya kehete hai? ‘Swag se swagat' ka bahut bahut shukriya.”
What was more interesting about that evening was when Salman sang live at the concert. They sang Humko Maloom Hai, Teri Meri, Dil Deewana, Main Hoon Hero Tera and Jag Ghoomeya. This was much of a treat for all the fans out there! Salman, Sonakshi, Prabhu Deva, Maniesh, Kriti and Daisy danced together on Selfie Le Le Re in the finale.
Have a look at the pictures and videos here:
Trending
Later, Sonakshi and Daisy took to their Twitter accounts to share some quirky pictures of themselves with Salman!
Chief football writer Mark Duffield gives their best and worst case scenario for every AFL team in season 2018.
Chief football writer Mark Duffield gives their best and worst case scenario for every AFL team in season 2018.
The best and worst case scenario for every AFL team in 2018 The West Australian
Massive question marks hang over the Western Bulldogs ahead of the 2018 season.
Surprise premiers in 2016, they failed to even make the finals last year.
Whether that was a true indication of their quality or whether they simply suffered a premiership hangover is still to be revealed.
Not a great deal went right at Whitten Oval after the euphoria of the premiership subsided.
Tom Liberatore, sporting a ridiculous haircut, thought it would be wise to take part in a game of Australian Rules in Vietnam in late 2016, raising eyebrows from all associated with the Bulldogs.
Upon returning to Australia, Liberatore struggled to get going and by round nine they were languishing in the VFL.
Alarmingly, another 11 premiership teammates also found themselves at Footscray during the season.
Premiership hero Tom Boyd and high-profile Collingwood recruit Travis Cloke battled depression and struggled to have anywhere near the impact coach Luke Beveridge would have liked.
Jake Stringer battled injury and off-field issues, ultimately resulting in them being traded to Essendon, and esteemed veterans Matthew Boyd and Bob Murphy retired.
Amid all the drama, the Dogs won 11 games and finished 10th, becoming the first premiership team since Hawthorn in 2009 to miss the finals 12 months after winning the flag.
There were two issues which undermined the Bulldogs' bid to play finals.
Marcus Bontempelli will spearhead the Bulldogs' attempt to bite back from a forgettable 2017. Picture: Getty Images
Firstly, they struggled to beat quality teams. Their 11 wins featured just two victories over finalists — Richmond by five points in round seven and Essendon by 30 points in round 19.
Secondly, they didn't execute often enough for long enough in close games. Four single-figure losses to Greater Western Sydney, West Coast (twice) and Hawthorn were testament to that.
Not content to stand still, the Bulldogs added Hayden Crozier (Fremantle), Josh Schache (Brisbane) and Jackson Trengove (Port Adelaide) to their list. At their peak, all three are in Beveridge's best 22.
Schache offers genuine upside if they are engaged and comfortable in their new surroundings.
And the Bulldogs will hope they are given only Gold Coast, Fremantle and Carlton scored less than them last year. There is no denying there is sufficient talent at Whitten Oval for a quick rebound.
Club champion Marcus Bontempelli, Jason Johannisen and Jack Macrae finished 1-2-3 in last season's best and fairest and still have upside.
Bontempelli has finished eighth in the Brownlow Medal for the past two seasons and is still only 22. If they can rise another level and become one of the game's most dominant players, they have the ability to drag their team up the ladder.
Toby McLean, Josh Dunkley, Caleb Daniel and Zaine Cordy were the only premiership players younger than Bontempelli. Their ability to provide them with consistent support is also crucial.
Luke Dahlhaus also needs to return to their best. They were one of six Bulldogs to play every game last season, but the only member of that group not to finish top 10 in the best and fairest.
Premierships are hard to win and achieving sustained success is an even bigger task.
The Bulldogs simply must find a way to get the best out of themselves every week.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cambridge City's relegation battle in the Evo-Stik League Southern, Premier Division is going down to the last day of the season
after a 0-0 draw at Kettering Town.
The Lilywhites needed a win and for results to go their way below them to ensure safety, but neither side at Latimer Park created a great deal and a draw was the fairest outcome.
Kings Langley's 2-0 win over Hayes & Yeading moves them a point above City and now leaves Robbie Nightingale's side dependent on them faltering.
And playing a derby against St Neots – who secured their safety with a win yesterday – on the last day is not the best of scenarios to be in.
There are, of course, positives to take from the game. The main one being the fact that City actually are still within a chance of staying up, no mean feat considering the position they were in when Nightingale took over. They have also picked up 13 points from the last five games without conceding a goal.
Manager Nightingale believes that this puts them in good stead for next weekend before what they called the “biggest game in the club's history”.
They said: “I think to come to a club of this stature and get another clean sheet is brilliant. I thought first 15, 20 minutes we had parts of the game where we were really positive.
“If you'd have offered me 13 points in the five games I'd have bitten your hand off so yeah, while we're disappointed, we have so much to be pleased about because we haven't lost and we've kept five clean sheets and we go again next Saturday against St Neots.
“We just had to take a little bit of a look at ourselves (after a difficult spell in March), me included and we worked on stuff out of possession and I think that's where we've done really well today.
“When you look at a team like Kettering who have all that possession, they've not got through our defence and not caused us too many problems.
“We're looking forward to next weekend, they're the sort of game I want to be involved in.
“I know it's do or die, there's so much on it. We all want to be involved in games that means things.
“Saturday is going to be one of the biggest game in the club's history. We just need to stick together, we know how we play at home so it's up to us.”
Kettering have all the attacking flair that you could want, which is even more
impressive when you consider their pitch, but lacked a decisive touch all game, although you could argue both sides were probably guilty of overplaying a little bit.
Kettering's Aaron O'Connor was often making good runs but a touch or two too many and squandered their few chances while Rene Howe was guilty of the same.
City's were happy to concede possession and their best chance came when Salim Relizani played through Oli Snaith whose shot was pushed wide by Paul White.
The most interesting battle of the first half, however, was between Lilywhites' centre-back Jordan Gent and Kettering's No 9 Howe.
Gent's reading of the game, and their no nonsense approach to defending, is a big factor behind City's recent shut-outs while a majority of Kettering's play went through the centre-forward, who also had a shot blocked off the line by Ross Paterson.
Neither side was able to take advantage, however, and the half ended 0-0.
The second half followed a similar pattern and the best chance of the game arguably fell to former City man James Brighton, whose header was blocked by Harry Norman. Relizani then responded on the counter by pulling a shot wide.
Howe blaster over from well inside the area two minutes later before Brett Solkhon headed over from close range.
There was a late flurry of corners for City, as well as a decent strike from substitute Lee Stevenson, but they were not able to break the deadlock and have 90 minutes left to save their season.
The gospel-tinged melodies of Bill Withers' 1972 hit “Lean on Me” has been playing on repeat all too often as of late. In August, it became the de facto anthem for Charlottesville school teachers after the tragic protests that left one innocent woman, Heather Heyer, 32, dead. In September, the Houston Gospel Choir took the stage at The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon for a powerful rendition following Hurricane Harvey.
Now, in the aftermath of the horrific mass shooting in Las Vegas while Jason Aldean was performing at the Route 91 Harvest festival this past Sunday, we once again find the C-Major riffs echoing in our ears. This time, the ballad is poignantly covered by country star Keith Urban, whose croaky vocals tug at our very heartstrings.
Foregoing the neon lights and gyrating hips of a typical Keith performance, the musician performs a pared-back version of the song with much pathos. A hollow sleeplessness pervades their vocals, the thrumming picks of their guitar steadying the shake of their wary upper register.
Urban performed the emotional cover on the Bobby Bones Show as part of a special “Love > Hate” lineup that also featured Brothers Osborne, Maren Morris, Dan and Shay, Chris Janson and LOCASH.
WATCH:Chris Young Dedicates Their First Performance Since the Las Vegas Massacre to Those Killed & Injured
To help support families affected by the Las Vegas mass shooting, you can donate to the Las Vegas Victims' Fund on GoFundMe here.
This article originally appeared on Southernliving.com
Rural crime cost Warwickshire more than £840,000 in 2016, which is up 13% 2015.
The figures form part of the NFU Mutual's annual Rural Crime Report, published today, revealing that despite the UK seeing a 4% drop last year, the cost of rural theft has risen sharply in the first half of 2017.
According to NFU Mutual's 2017 Rural Crime Report, early theft claims statistics for the first half of this year show a sharp rise of over 20% raising concerns that a new wave of rural crime is hitting the countryside.
The items most commonly targeted by thieves across Warwickshire over the last 12 months were tools, garden equipment, all terrain vehicles and quad bikes.
Roger Campion, NFU Mutual Senior Agent in Stoneleigh, Warwickshire, said: “Rural crime in Warwickshire has risen during the last 12 months, as countryside criminals are becoming more brazen and farmers are now having to continually increase security and adopt new ways of protecting their equipment.
“In some parts of the county, farmers are having to turn their farmyards into fortresses to protect themselves from repeated thieves who are targeting quads, tractors and power tools.
“They are using tracking devices on tractors, video and infra-red surveillance in their farmyards and even DNA markers to protect sheep from rustlers.”
The report reveals that being ‘staked out' is the biggest worry for country people, followed closely by longer police response times in rural areas, according to the leading rural insurer.
Criminals continue to target Land Rover Defenders, quad bikes, tractors, tools and livestock despite increased security on farms.
Roger said: “The threat of becoming a victim of rural crime, and regular reports of suspicious characters watching farms is causing high levels of anxiety amongst farmers who know their rural location makes them vulnerable to attacks.
“Our advice to people living and working in the countryside is to regularly evaluate your current security measures making improvements where necessary, remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity to the local police and local farm watch schemes.”
LONDON (AP) — Prime Minister Theresa May is stressing their optimism about negotiations over Britain's departure from the European Union, insisting that a preliminary deal has given fresh impetus to the talks.
May met with their Cabinet on Monday morning before a scheduled address to the House of Commons, where they will update lawmakers on the agreement reached Friday that covers questions about citizens' rights, Britain's financial obligations and the Irish border. Leaders of the other 27 EU members are expected to ratify the agreement later this week, allowing Brexit talks to move on to trade and security cooperation.
“Of course, nothing is agreed until everything is agreed,” May said in a statement. “But there is, I believe, a new sense of optimism now in the talks and I fully hope and expect that we will confirm the arrangements I have set out today in the European Council later this week.”
But weekend comments by the official in charge of the talks have threatened to spoil May's triumphant moment. In an interview with the BBC on Sunday, Brexit chief David Davis suggested that last week's agreement was a “statement of intent” that wasn't legally binding.
Advertisement
The comments caused unease in Ireland, where leaders demanded provisions in the agreement to ensure Brexit won't restrict travel and trade between the Republic of Ireland and the U.K.'s Northern Ireland. Officials in both parts of the island say the border must remain open to protect the Irish peace process.
The Irish government branded Davis' comments “bizarre” and insisted that Britain must live up to the commitments it made last week.
Davis on Monday tried to mitigate the fallout, insisting their words had been “completely twisted.”
“What I actually said yesterday … did we want to protect the peace process, want to protect Ireland from the impact of Brexit for them, and I said this was a statement of intent which was much more than just legally enforceable,” Davis told LBC Radio.
“In the event that the withdrawal agreement doesn't happen then we would still be seeking to maintain an invisible border between Northern Ireland and Ireland,” they added. “I was making the point that it was much more than just in the treaty, it's what we want to do anyway.”
San Francisco in July 25th 2019 will be the first time the drinks industry gets to address this game-changing legislation.
A new conference and exhibition is being launched to help the global drinks industry better understand the challenges, and potential opportunities, there are from legalizing the sale of cannabis in leading countries such as Canada and an increasing number of US states.
Cannabis Drinks Expo in San Francisco, July 25th 2019 will be the first event to tackle the issue head-on and give the worldwide drinks industry, and North America in particular, the chance to come together and look at ways it can start addressing what has been described as the biggest ever threat to its future.
Analysts predict the legal cannabis market could be worth $23 billion by 2021, is set to grow at least 30% a year and is already close to a $7bn market (ArcView Market Research).
It is now possible to use cannabis for recreational purposes in eight US states and the District of Columbia. For some states, noticeably California, the law changed from January 1, 2018. It is also possible to use cannabis for medical purposes in 29 US states. Legalized cannabis will be available in Canada from July 1, 2018.
The Beverage Trade Network will be working with the North American drinks industry over the coming months to develop the most relevant and must attend content for the inaugural Cannabis Drinks Expo event.
This will be a unique chance for the industry to determine what strategies it needs to put in place now to capitalize on the huge opportunities for legalized cannabis drinks-related products over the next five to 10 years and how they can open up new distribution channels and markets. More details, kindly visit on www.cannabisdrinksexpo.com.
2019 Exhibitor Registrations are now open
Leverage your current wine and spirits infrastructure and unlock new opportunities in Cannabis. Exhibitor registrations are now open for Cannabis Drinks Expo. REGISTER HERE ** https://www.eventbrite.com/e/cannabis-drinks-expo-exhibitor-registration-portal-registration-42816994784?aff=PR **
Kathmandu: Elephants were pressed into service to rescue hundreds of foreign tourists trapped in a Nepal jungle safari park, officials said on Monday, as the death toll from flash floods and landslides after four days of heavy rains rose to 70.
In Sauraha, 80 km south of Kathmandu, the Rapti River overflowed its banks, inundating hotels and restaurants and stranding some 600 tourists.
Sauraha, on the fringe of Chitwan National Park, is home to 605 greater one-horned rhinoceroses, or Indian rhinoceroses, and is popular with foreign tourists, including Indian and Chinese visitors, mainly for elephant ride and rhino-watching.
"Some 300 guests were rescued on elephant backs and tractor trailers to (nearby) Bharatpur yesterday and the rest will be taken to safer places today," Suman Ghimire, chief of a group of Sauraha hotel owners, said by telephone on Monday.
Shiva Raj Bhatta of WWF Nepal said one rhino had died in the floods.
Relief workers said 26 of Nepal`s 75 districts were either submerged or hit by landslides after heavy rains lashed the mainly mountainous nation, home to Mount Everest and the birthplace of Lord Buddha.
The death toll, which had stood at 49 on Sunday, was expected to rise with another 50 people reported missing in the floods and landslides, Information and Communications Minister Mohan Bahadur Basnet said.
Basnet said more than 60,000 homes were underwater, mainly in the southern plains bordering India. Estimates of losses were not available, with rescuers yet to reach villages marooned by the worst floods in recent years.
"The situation is worrying as tens of thousands of people have been hit," Basnet told Reuters.
Large swaths of farmland in the southern plains, Nepal's breadbasket, are underwater and the Himalayan country could face food shortages due to crop losses, aid workers said.
"The heavy rains hit at one of the worst times, shortly after farmers planted their rice crop in the country's most important agricultural region," said Sumnima Shrestha, a spokesperson for US-based non-profit group Heifer International.
Monsoon rains, which start in June and continue through September, are important for farm-dependent Nepal, but they also cause heavy loss of life and property damage each year.
Gridlock, a movie made by local filmmaker Ian Hunt Duffy, will premiere on Irish television tonight.
The film was earlier this year put in contention for Oscar consideration after winning the Best Irish Short Award at both the Cork Film Festival and the Foyle Film Festival.
As both Cork and Foyle are Academy Award Qualifying festivals, winning these awards means that ‘Gridlock' is now on the longlist for an Oscar in the Live Action Short Film category next year.
Funded by Kildare County Council, and produced by Ian's own Dublin based production company Fail Safe Films, ‘Gridlock' is a thriller set during a traffic jam on a country road. When a little girl goes missing from one of the cars, their father forms a desperate search party to find them and soon everyone is a suspect.
The film stars some of the best new acting talent in Ireland, such as Moe Dunford (‘Patrick's Day/‘Vikings'), Peter Coonan (‘Love/Hate') and Steve Wall (‘Vikings'/Moone Boy') and has already garnered rave reviews from audiences at both home and in America, where it screened at the LA Shorts Fest and the Rhode Island International Film Festival, taking home the Youth Jury Award for Best Short Film.
“I was eager to direct something in the style of the movies I grew up watching. I love genre films with high concepts, plot-driven stories that grip you and keep you guessing throughout” says Ian, “Gridlock was my attempt at an American style thriller but with a distinctly Irish feel. So I'm delighted to hear that American audiences are responding to it”
For Ian, finding the right cast was crucial to the success of the film. “Gridlock was always going to be an ensemble piece, so I needed a group of actors who were excited by the material and who could work well as a team” says Ian, “My producer, Simon Doyle, and I really strived to get the best cast possible and in the end I think it really elevated the whole film.”
On the back of ‘Gridlock', Ian is currently developing their first feature film project, and is once again collaborating with ‘Gridlock' writer Darach McGarrigle. ‘We're working together on a thriller in a similar vein to Gridlock. We're both big fans of ‘siege' style movies- films where a group of people are trapped in one location and must fight to survive- so we're working on our own version of that now. We're really excited about it.”
The film will be shown on RTE2 from 11.55pm - be sure to watch/record!
If you spent last night counting down the year under the entrancing lights of a disco ball, you might have Yolanda Baker to thank for the ambiance. She's been making disco balls for 47 years and may very well be the last disco ball maker in the United States. The Indy Star published a profile that covers their legacy.
Typo'd "cpucake" instead of "cupcake" in image search. Was not disappointed. pic.twitter.com/p1Xv7A1cPi — Phil Burgess (@PaintYourDragon) December 26, 2016
Have you been reading our new Heirloom Tech series? Well you should. This week's article is on the interesting acoustics of the Music Hall of the Ali Qapu, a famous palace of the Persian Empire's Safavid Era. Besides being stunning, the cut outs in the decorative muqarnas (read this Heirloom Tech article to get more info on muqarnas) diffuse sound in the room while preventing echos.
It's cold out there, so be sure to take a sweater the next time you go flying. These drone sweaters may have started as a joke, but I'm in love. Cozier drones for everyone!
The Dark Side is probably behind all these different disk formats…
Pesticides are chemicals that are used to control, destroy, and prevent the growth of pests and unwanted species of plants and animals. Herbicides, insecticides, and fungicides are collectively known as pesticides. Pesticides act as growth regulators in plants, defoliant for trees and plants, desiccant for fleas, prevents thinning of fruit. Moreover, they prevent the premature falling of fruit. Pesticides are applied to crops before or after harvest to protect the commodity from deterioration during storage and transport. Application of pesticides provides better farm yield and storage and distribution of obtained output. They are also used on animals for controlling insects, arachnids, or other pest infestations.
Request Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=34112
The pesticide market is driven by the demand for bio-pesticides and adoption of herbicide-resistant crop by farmers. The global synthetic pesticides market has been witnessing extraordinary changes during the last decade due to the improved efficiency in utilization of pesticides. Factors that drive the usage of synthetic pesticides are increasing demand for food, decrease in cultivable land increasing adoption of genetically modified (GM) crops, rising market share of bio pesticides, and the acceptance of new farming practices. Major restraints for the utilization of synthetic pesticides include high R&D costs and extensive research required to generate new pesticides. Development of safe alternatives such as bio-farming is restraining the chemical pesticide market.
Based on application, the pesticide market is segmented into crop-based and non-crop-based. The crop-based segment is further sub-segmented into grains & cereals, oilseeds, and fruits and vegetables. The non-crop based segment is further sub-segmented into lawn & ornamental grass. Pesticides are also employed to control organisms such as bees, wasps, ants. They protect animals from illnesses that are caused by parasites such as fleas. They are used to preventing sickness in humans that could be caused by moldy food or diseased produce as pesticides restricts the fungal growth. Pesticides can also be utilized to clear roadside weeds, trees and bushes. They are also used to kill invasive weeds that damage the environment. Pesticides protect homes from pest infestations such as termites and mold. They are employed in grocery stores and food storage facilities to manage rodents and insects that infest food such as grain.
In terms of type, the pesticides market can be segmented into insecticides, herbicides, rodenticides, bactericides, fungicides, and larvicides. Insecticides kill insects by getting inside their bodies where they then act as poison. Herbicides are used to kill the plants near the leaves, stems or roots of the plants. Rodenticides are used to in food to make poisonous baits which rodents eat. Bactericides are used to kill bacteria. Bactericides are categorized into disinfectants, antiseptics, or antibiotics. Fungicide is a pesticide that controls fungal disease by preventing or killing the fungus. Larvicide is an insecticide that targets the larval life stage of an insect.
Request for Customization @https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=CR&rep_id=34112
Key players operating in the pesticides market are Syngenta AG, Bayer AG, The Dow Chemical Company, BASF SE, and Monsanto Company.
By The Associated Press
Final push for Moore and Jones in Alabama Senate race
Haley: Trump's accusers of sex misconduct should be heard
Hyperactive Missouri Gov. Greitens touts their physical feats
Start the clock for Trump, GOP in last push on taxes, budget
Pioneering black journalist Simeon Booker dies at age 99
A look at what didn't happen in the Alabama Senate race
Trump rails against news media after reporting corrections
After allegations, Moore avoids spotlight, questions
Trump talks tax cuts and budget on golf course with Graham
AP FACT CHECK: Trump, Moore and their odd orbit of claims
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Irving Serota was the kind of lawyer who was so thoughtful, fair and keen that a divorcing couple once wanted them to represent them both in the legal proceedings to dissolve their marriage.
“And after making sure it was all right, they did it,” their wife, Enid Serota, said. “We later went to both of their remarriages.”
Serota, of East Meadow, died March 2 of prostate cancer surrounded by family at St. Francis Hospital — a few weeks short of turning 85.
“I really thought they would make it,” their widow said of their March 30 birthday. “I really did.”
Their wife hosted a seder for almost 40 people on the first night of Passover, which would have been their birthday, in celebration of their life and the holiday.
“We wanted to let them know how much they were and is loved and how missed they are,” they said.
The couple's love story was featured in a December 2014 Newsday article on their 60th wedding anniversary.
“We made it to number 63 and were hoping for more, but it was not meant to be,” they said.
Get the Newsday Now newsletter! The best of Newsday every day in your inbox. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Irving Serota was raised in Brooklyn's Crown Heights, graduated from Brooklyn College in 1955 and soon after began classes at New York University School of Law. In 1957, they took a break from law school when they were drafted into the Army and was assigned to Fort Dix in New Jersey.
In November 1957 the couple moved to Bad Nauheim, Germany. There they served as battalion mail clerk and chief clerk for the Special Courts and Boards, where they advised on courts-martial and processed marriage applications, the family said.
The couple returned to the states in 1959 after Serota was honorably discharged. They resumed their studies at NYU Law School, from where they graduated.
After working at various Manhattan law firms, they opened their namesake general practice law office in 1982 in East Meadow. At the time of their death they were semiretired, working from home.
Enid Serota said their husband was generous, often spending hours on the phone with clients and never billing them. They said they also had strong interests in politics, government and history, and took pleasure in sharing what they knew.
“He was a fountain of knowledge for everybody,” they said. “He wanted to make sure everyone was ok, didn't want to hurt anybody and helped to look out for people.”
Serota is survived by sons Jack Serota of Great Neck and Howard Serota of Lynwood, Pennsylvania; brother Harvey Serota of Westbury; sister Janet Malamutt of Massapequa; and two grandchildren.
A service for Serota was held March 4 at Gutterman's Funeral Home in Woodbury. He's buried in Wellwood Cemetery in Babylon.
5W1H: 2 security personnel martyred in an encounter at Tral area in Pulwama
This is a segment of Zee News which brings to you the latest updates. 2 security personnel martyred in an encounter at Tral area in Pulwama. Watch this video for more information.
Updated December 11, 2017 4:59 PM
U.S. Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand on Monday called on President Donald Trump to resign over allegations of sexual misconduct.
Gillibrand (D-N.Y.), in a CNN interview, said the claims against the Republican president — which surfaced during the 2016 campaign — were “credible,” “numerous” and “heartbreaking.” If Trump doesn't resign, Congress should investigate the claims, the senator said.
“President Trump has committed assault, according to these women, and those are very credible allegations of misconduct and criminal activity, and they should be fully investigated and they should resign,” Gillibrand told CNN's Christiane Amanpour. “Whether they ever will hold themselves accountable is something, you know, you can't really hold your breath for. So Congress should have . . . appropriate investigations of their behavior and hold them accountable.”
More than a dozen women have accused Trump of sexual misconduct. Three of them appeared on NBC's Megyn Kelly Today” Monday to discuss the allegations; afterward, they asked Congress to investigate.
Trump Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders reiterated Monday that the White House's position is that the women accusing the president are lying.
“These false claims, totally disputed in most cases by eyewitness acco unts, were addressed at length during last year's campaign, and the American people voiced their judgment by delivering a decisive victory,” the White House said in a statement reported by multiple news outlets.
Gillibrand is the latest to call for Trump to resign, following Sens. Bernie Sanders (I-Vermont) and Cory Booker (D-N.J.). Further, Gillibrand's remarks came one day after Trump's appointee to the United Nations, Ambassador Nikki Haley, said the women accusing Trump “should be heard.”
“Women who accuse anyone should be heard,” Haley said on CBS' Face the Nation.
Get The 1600 newsletter Get our inside look at the White House and goings on in the Donald Trump administration. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
“I think the point she's making is this very powerful moment in America's history,” Gillibrand said of Haley's remarks.
In the wake of scandals that began with Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein and, most recently, triggered the resignations of U.S. Sen. Al Franken (D-Minn.) and U.S. Rep. John Conyers (D-Mich.), women are no longer staying silent, Gillibrand said.
TUESDAY, April 24, 2018 (HealthDay News) -- People who drink more than the recommended daily limit of alcohol may harbor an unhealthy mix of bacteria in their mouths, a new study suggests.
Researchers found that compared with nondrinkers, those who drank relatively heavily had fewer "good" bacteria in their mouths. They were also hosting more "bad" bacteria -- including bugs that have been linked to gum disease, heart disease and cancer.
The study is one of the latest to look at what factors influence the human "microbiome" -- the trillions of bacteria and other microbes that naturally dwell in the body. Many studies have found links between the makeup of the gut's microbiome and risks of various diseases.
In general, studies have found, the more diversity in the gut microbiome, the better.
Similarly, research suggests that an imbalance in the mouth's microbiome might raise the risk of cavities and gum disease -- and possibly cancers of the head, neck and digestive tract, as well as heart disease.
"We wanted to look at the question, 'What are the lifestyle factors that influence the oral microbiome?' " said senior researcher Jiyoung Ahn, of NYU Langone Health in New York City.
Drinking habits were a natural factor to consider, according to Ahn. Heavy drinking is linked to higher risks of gum disease and certain cancers of the head and neck -- and there is evidence that alcohol changes the bacterial makeup of the mouth.
Ahn's team analyzed mouthwash samples from 1,044 U.S. adults who were part of two ongoing national cancer studies. Of those people, about one-quarter said they were nondrinkers. Another 59 percent were moderate drinkers, and 15 percent were heavy drinkers.
"Heavy" was defined as drinking more than the limit recommended by U.S. health officials: one drink per day for women, and two per day for men.
Overall, the study found, drinkers -- especially heavy drinkers -- tended to have fewer Lactobacillales, a type of "good" bacteria commonly used in probiotic supplements.
Drinkers also typically had higher levels of certain "bad" bacteria, such as Bacteroidales, Actinomyces and Neisseria species.
It's not clear, however, what to make of the findings, according to one expert who was not involved in the research.
The findings do not prove that alcohol, per se, explains the differences among study participants, said Yiping Han, a professor in dental medicine and microbiology at Columbia University in New York City.
Han explained that the oral microbiome could be influenced by a wide range of factors -- from diet, tooth brushing and dental care, to income and other demographics.
Plus, Han said, it's unclear how many people in the heavy drinking group might have been alcohol-dependent. And those individuals could be markedly different from nondrinkers and moderate drinkers.
Ahn said they and their team did account for a number of those factors. They looked at people's age, race, smoking habits, education level and body weight, for example.
But, Ahn said, there still could be other differences between nondrinkers and heavy drinkers that their team could not consider.
"This is the first study to show this relationship, and more research is necessary," Ahn said.
One question is, why would alcohol selectively cause an increase in some bad bugs and a dip in some good ones?
"We don't know," Ahn said. "So next we want to study the possible mechanisms."
Another question, they added, is whether heavy drinking promotes certain diseases by changing the bacterial makeup of the oral cavity.
That's possible "in theory," according to Han.
"But at this point, we can't come to any definitive conclusions," they said.
The bottom line, Han said, is that the standard advice still stands: "It's always wise, for everyone, to practice good oral hygiene and have a generally healthy lifestyle."
As for drinking, Ahn said, the study offers more evidence that moderation is key.
"We already know that heavy drinking is a risk factor for many diseases," they said. "So, the possible effect on the oral microbiome is one more reason to avoid heavy drinking."
The findings were published online April 23 in the journal Microbiome.
More information
The U.S. National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism has more on drinking habits and health.
SOURCES: Jiyoung Ahn, Ph.D., associate director, population sciences, NYU Langone Health Perlmutter Cancer Center, New York City; Yiping Han, Ph.D., professor, dental medicine and microbiology and immunology, Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons, New York City; April 23, 2018, Microbiome, online Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Gorillaz announced tour dates this morning, seven years after the release of their last studio album, The Fall. Gorillaz are set to release their new album Humanz April 28 and will kick off their tour in Chicago this July. Damon Albarn's animated band is scheduled to play at Red Rocks on September 26 an we suggest grabbing your tickets early as this has been a highly anticipated show.
Gorillaz recently released five new singles, “Let Me Out,” “Saturnz Barz,” “Andromeda,” “Ascension” and “We Got the Power” from their upcoming album. And, According to Billboard, “Saturnz Barz” set a record for the most successful debut of a virtual reality music video in YouTube history. Humanz feature's big names like Vince Staples, D.R.A.M., Popcaan and more. The show will feature Damon Albarn and Jamie Hewlett's animated creations – Murdoc, Noodle, Russel and 2D – as well as the live musicians. Tickets for the Gorillaz Red Rocks show go on presale April 20 at 10 a.m. and will be available here. The full ticket sales begin on April 21 at 10 a.m.
Toilet: Ek Prem Katha released this Friday and from the first show the word of mouth was out. An unconventional story of an ordinary man based in rural India is what connected with the audience. 1st weekend collections are out and the film has beaten many biggies of this year.
On Friday the movie opened to a decent occupancy, it was expected because of dull phase Bollywood has been going through since last few months. After Salman Khan's Tubelight, Ranbir Kapoor's Jagga Jasoos, Shah Rukh Khan's Jab Harry Met Sejal it required a film like Toilet: Ek Prem Katha to attract the audience back.
The film collected a decent 13.10 crores on its day one and this was not at all a bad start. The film needed a jump over the weekend and it got one. The film showed over 30% growth, which is very good, on its 2nd day. It collected 17.10 crores on Saturday.
Along with single screens, the multiplexes are holding up quite well too. Evening shows picked up giving the film a much-needed boost. After a good jump on Saturday, the expectations for a jump on Sunday were high. The advance bookings for the day proved beforehand that the leap will be there. The movie clocked a huge 19.80 crores on Sunday summing up the grand total of the film to an exact 50 crores. See where it stands in the list of the highest opening weekend grossers of this year.
Trending :
Check out the list of the highest opening weekend grossers of 2017:
Toilet: Ek Prem Katha has crossed Jab Harry Met Sejal, Badrinath Ki Dulhania, Jagga Jasoos, Half Girlfriend and Sachin: A Billion Dreams. Shah Rukh Khan's recent disappointment Jab Harry Met Sejal collected 45.75 crores in its 1st weekend.
Akshay Kumar has beaten Shah Rukh Khan in the 1st-weekend race and is all set to cross its lifetime collections too. After such a strong start, Toilet: Ek Prem Katha is still left with one major card to play – Independence Day. The film will enjoy a Holiday tomorrow and it'll be interesting to see what range the day's collections will fall.
Global Sulfur Chemicals Market: Overview
The growing demand for sulfur chemicals in various end use industries such as the food, wine, pharmaceuticals, oil and gas, agriculture, detergents, and bio chemical processes is aiding the expansion of the global sulfur chemicals market. Sulfur chemicals are also vital ingredients in fertilizers. They are used in the vulcanization of black rubber, for plaster production in the construction industry, and for the treatment of bacterial, fungal, and skin related diseases. All these factors are driving the growth of the sulfur chemical market.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=13658
Sulfur is among the most important raw materials in the chemical industry. The majority of the sulfur is used in the preparation of its derivatives such as sodium hydro sulfide, sodium hydrosulfite, sodium sulfide, sodium sulfite, sodium thiosulfate, and sulfuric acid. These chemicals are extensively used in the paper, pulp, water treatment, photographic, and textile industries.
The report discusses the growth prospects of the global sulfur chemicals market. The rising concerns over hygiene and cleanliness are driving the demand for this chemical. This is primarily because sulfur is used in the manufacturing of detergents and acts as an anti-bacterial agent. Factors hindering the growth of the global sulfur market have also been discussed in detail. The impact of regulatory policies and predominant economic trends on the overall market has been studied in the report. The study covers key industry parameters such as market definition, classification, specification, and application.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/global-sulfur-chemicals-market.html
Global Sulfur Chemicals Market: Key Opportunities and Threats
The growth in the food industry in the emerging nations of Asia Pacific is expected to open new opportunities in the sulfur market. As the population is increasing in this region, there is an increase in the demand for food and food products, which will bode well for the sulfur market. On the other hand, sulfuric acid is one of the primary causes for environmental pollution. It reacts with the atmosphere forming smog and causes acid rain. This may lead to health hazards such as respiratory disorders or skin inflammations. Therefore, environmental and health issues are expected to hamper the growth of the sulfur chemicals market.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
ATLANTA, Ga (AP) — The force was not with them.
Star Wars fans returning from a tribute to the late Princess Leia actor Carrie Fisher say they returned to their vehicle Friday to find their custom-made movie costumes stolen.
Bobby Shively tells local media their Darth Vader costume and the Stormtrooper costume of another fan were stolen from the back of theirs truck.
Shively is a member of the 501st Legion, a worldwide organization of “Star Wars” fans who dress up as characters from the movies. In costume, they visit hospitals and raise money for charity.
Shively says he's not sure whether the costumes were targeted or whether it was a random incident.
They say the Darth Vader costume took them a year to assemble using parts from around the world.
New Delhi: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Saturday that the economy has entered into a phase of consolidation after a series of "structural reforms" which were initiated in the past two years.
"... Having gone through a series of very major structural reforms in the past two years, this now also is a phase for consolidation as far as the economy is concerned," Jaitley said at an event here.
According to Jaitley, this phase of "consolidation" will be led by the Micro, Small & Medium Enterprises (MSME) sector.
Speaking on the launch of "CriSidEx" which is India`s first sentiment index for the MSEs developed jointly by Crisil and Sidbi, Jaitley said, "The health of this sector (MSME) is extremely vital to the economy and we are increasingly seeing that with a number of steps taken an increased integration of the sector into the formal economy itself..."
"... This is one sector, where people not only exhibit their entrepreneurial skills, become part of large value chains, but they also become job creators in the process and that`s the reason why a bulk of the jobs in manufacturing, trading have been credited in this particular sector."
CriSidEx is based on a diffusion index of eight parameters, and measures MSE business sentiment on a scale of "0 (extremely negative) to 200 (extremely positive)".
Independent magazine for creative inspiration, free portfolios for creatives and worldwide collective of curated artists, designers and photographers.
All images on our website and magazines are copyrighted by their respective owners.
Lucknow: At a time when the state is mourning the death of over 60 infants in Gorakhpur, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath has directed preparations for a "grand Krishna Janmashtami celebration".
In a communique issued late on Sunday to the Director General of Police (DGP) Sulkhan Singh, Adityanath said: "Krishna Janmashtami is an important festival and the police should organise it in a traditional and grand way."
This comes just days after over 65 children died at the Baba Raghav Das (BRD) medical college within a span of a week in the Chief Minister`s hometown and Parliamentary constituency.
Adityanath said this year the festival celebrating the birth of Lord Krishna should be organised "with Indian traditions".
Following the diktat, DGP Singh has written to all district police chiefs, superintendents of police in the Railways and commandants of the Provincial Armed Constabulary (PAC) to adhere to the instructions.
A state Department of Information and Public Relations (DIPR) statement said such celebrations that had been done away with earlier, were being revived.
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) has reacted sharply to the missive.
"This is ironical, tragic and in some ways reflective of the mindset of powers that be... They will go ahead with their agenda even in the wake of tragedies of such magnitude," said AAP spokesperson Vaibhav Maheshwari.
Other political leaders have also slammed the state government for the decision but refused to come on record, fearing backlash from "Hindu forces".
Mr. Vincent Egechukwu Obetta, Senior Special Assistant (Inter-governmental Affairs, Compliance and Electoral Process) to the governor of Enugu State, has stated that the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) played into the hands of the Federal Government by its hate-filled agitation.
Mr. Obetta, a former counsel to Mr. Nnamdi Kanu, the IPOB leader, stated this in an interview. They noted that between September 12 and 17, violent clashes between IPOB members and Nigerian Army troops on Operation Python Dance II resulted in the death of some people, subsequent proscription of IPOB activities by South-East governors and the designation of IPOB as a terrorist organization.
While commiserating with the families of the dead and wishing the injured speedy recovery, Mr. Obetta said the atmosphere in the South-East zone is too dense with hatred. They also stated that the casualty figures being bandied are purely speculative.
“There is no casualty desk record. The casualty figures we have lies within the realm of speculations as to the exact figure of dead and missing persons. On the proscription of IPOB by South-East governors, I will advise that the voice of reason should prevail in this case. It is senseless to be legalistic about it against the backdrop of the impending carnage that was staring the South-East governors in the face at the time,” they said.
They argued that the primary issue should be whether the decision was right at the time, saying the security and welfare of the people should be the primary purpose of government. “That is the basic constitutional duty of the South-East governors is as contained in Chapter II of 1999 constitution.
To that extent, I salute the governors' proactive measure that stemmed the tide of an impending massacre in Igboland. On the propriety of the Federal Governments' designation of IPOB as a terrorist organization, I can authoritatively say that the IPOB played into the hands of the Federal Government. I can recall that when I was counsel to Nnamdi Kanu (IPOB leader), the Federal Government played that card. While we were still at the Magistrate Court, Wuse, contending with the issue of Kanu's bail, the prosecution surreptitiously went to the Federal High Court and obtained an order to further detain Kanu for another 90 days on the ground that they were investigating their involvement in an act of terrorism,” they said.
That court order, they recalled, was set aside and their unconditional release was ordered. Mr. Obetta said they have since reached a conclusion that the Federal Government waited to gather evidence relating to terrorism to fully implicate the IPOB and that the definition of terrorism is open-ended.
“The implication is that many ordinary criminal actions may also be found to constitute terrorist actions under the Act. So, the designation of IPOB as a terrorist organization may be immoral, unconscionable and overreaching, but that is the law today. The Terrorism (Prevention) and (Proscription Order) Notice, 2017 stands as the extant Presidential proclamation. As a result, I advise members of this group to respect Mr. President's proclamation order until it is set aside on appeal,” Mr. Obetta counselled.
Mr. Obetta also described, as of no relevance, the disagreement of the US government with the Federal Government's classification of IPOB as a terrorist group.
“When George Bush Jr. (former US President), in concert with the US Congress, enacted the US Patriot Act in the wake of the 9/11 attacks, the endorsement of the Nigerian government was not sought. For purpose of clarity, what the US Ambassador said in this respect was that the activities of IPOB does not constitute terrorism under the US law. They may be right, considering the fact that there is no universally accepted definition of the term terrorism. As I speak, there are over 250 definitions of terrorism today and that explains the mantra that ‘one man's terrorist is another man's freedom fighter'. More importantly and for your information, Nigeria is a sovereign nation recognized under international law,” they argued.
The Enugu governor's aide also spoke on the efforts of Mr. Orji Uzor Kalu, a former governor of Abia State, to intervene in the dispute between IPOB and the Federal Government. According to him, they had expressed the view that the agitation was spinning out of control and felt there was a need to get influential Igbo leaders to intervene. To this end, Obetta said they arranged for Mr. Kalu to visit the IPOB leader in Kuje prison. Prior to the visit, they added, they had contacted some prominent Igbo leaders to visit him, but they declined.
“When I contacted Mr. Kalu, they accepted, not just to pay them a visit but to also intervene in calling for a dialogue. We had a meeting with some top relevant security agencies, who granted the permission for Mr. Orji Kalu to see Mr. Kanu. But to my greatest shock, I read in an online blog, a week later, that President Mohammadu Buhari sent Mr. Kalu to beg Kanu to stop their agitation for a price. It was so shocking and heartrending. As far as I know, Mr. Kalu's intervention was to halt the hardship the agitation may foist on their kinsmen living in the North,” said the governor's aide.
Vincent Obetta
They wondered why pro-Biafra elements, on account of Mr. Kalu's decision to intervene, decided to insult the former governor simply because they hold a contrary opinion. Mr. Obetta contended it is contradictory to assert one's right to self-determination, yet deny others their right to hold contrary views on the same subject.
“Revolutionaries like Nelson Mandela of South Africa, Che Guevara of Cuba, Mao Tse Tung of China and the current agitators for the self-determination in Spain restricted their campaigns and advocacy on government issues and policies as well as accommodated contrary view. The struggle for self-determination by IPOB, like the Palestinian struggle, is an impersonal race,” they stated.
They noted that they and other figures like former presidents Olusegun Obasanjo and Goodluck Jonathan, all South-East governors, President of Ohaneze Ndi Igbo, – Chief Nnia Nwodo; Mr. Debe Ojukwu, son of Chief Odumegwu Ojukwu; Chief Joe Igbokwe, Chief Chekwas Okorie and Chief Dozie Ikedife have been insulted and described as bastards and Hausa slaves.
Mr. Obetta advised that the current adversarial narrative must change. While urging South-East governors to accelerate the process of economic self-determination of the region through the opening of the South- East economic buffer zone to create job opportunities, Mr. Obetta advised the Federal Government to immediately open talks with relevant stakeholders towards restructuring the country equity, unity and progress.
On the forthcoming council polls in the state, Obetta said the Enugu State government, under Mr. Ifeanyi Uguwanyi, has provided all the stimuli required for a free and fair electoral process on 4 November.
The governor has constituted a committee headed by Chief Edward Ubosi, Speaker of the House of Assembly, who investigated and weeded ghost workers in local councils. The government also amended the anachronistic provisions of the Enugu State Independent Electoral Commission (ENSIEC) and local government laws, reconstituted the Board of ENSIEC and sought for the approval of funding for the conduct of the polls,” they said.
Share on: WhatsApp
Comments
comments
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump, in an early Tuesday tweet, blamed the spread of illegal immigration on their predecessor and linked it to extreme violence, referencing the MS-13 street gang that local authorities said may have been responsible for last week's quadruple homicide in Central Islip.
Trump did not specifically mention the violence on Long Island.
“The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin. allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U.S.,” they wrote. “We are removing them fast!”
Trump, as president-elect, was described in a Time magazine profile last December showing the Time reporter an edition of Newsday with a front page on MS-13 violence in Brentwood. “They come from Central America. They're tougher than any people you've ever met,” they said at the time.
The bodies of four young men were found last Wednesday in a Central Islip park.
Suffolk Police Commissioner Timothy Sini last Thursday said the slayings were “a stark reminder that we are in the midst of a war.”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
In a “Fox & Friends” interview that aired Tuesday morning, Trump said they had trust in Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly to “run” efforts to remove violent or criminal residents who are in the country illegally.
“I'm talking about illegal immigrants that were here that caused tremendous crime that have murdered people, raped people; horrible things have happened,” the president said. “They are getting the hell out, or they are going to prison.”
The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin. allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U.S. We are removing them fast! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 18, 2017
A White House spokesperson did not elaborate on the president's tweet about MS-13, but they noted that transnational criminal organizations are the subject of an event to be hosted Tuesday by Attorney General Jeff Sessions with FBI Director James Comey and federal law enforcement representatives.
Rep. Peter King (R-Seaford), in a Facebook post and in a morning email newsletter distributed to supporters, said the four murders — along with seven others in Brentwood and elsewhere since last September — “have shocked the conscience of Long Island.”
They said the Suffolk County police and FBI are doing everything possible to track down the assailants and urged that information be passed to the police via 800-220-TIPS.
“No one should have to live in terror, fearing that innocent family members, friends and neighbors will be butchered by this pack of MS-13 murderers,” King wrote.
Eli Harold, Colin Kaepernick, center, and Eric Reid kneel during the national anthem before an NFL football game against the Dallas Cowboys in Santa Clara, Calif. in 2016. Marcio Jose Sanchez AP
Wait—yesterday was Earth Day! I must have yawned right through it. Like most Americans, if you go by the surveys showing increasing public indifference toward environmentalism.
I used to make a big deal out of Earth Day, pointing out for years that the data in rich countries showed an almost unbroken record of significant environmental improvement is just about every major category. This would send environmentalists into howls of outrage, because good news is bad news for Crisis Entrepreneurs.TM A good example of the broken (plastic!) record of environmentalism comes to us this morning courtesy of the usually half-sober folks at Nature magazine:
Well duh. Every adverse condition hits poorer countries first, BECAUSE THEY'RE POOR! I guess the Nature editors have never heard the old joke about how the New York Times would cover the imminent end of the world: “World to End Tomorrow: Women, Minorities The Hardest Hit.” Maybe they have heard it, and don't get it, which is entirely typical of people deprived of a sense of humor because of their fanaticism.
Just a hunch here, but if you ask people in poor countries what they'd most like to see the world emphasize right now—rich countries cutting their carbon emissions, or helping poor countries get rich—I'm pretty sure I know which option they'd choose. Because, based on the revealed preferences of what kind of energy systems poor countries are building—hint: a lot of it rhymes with “goal”—tell us the answer pretty clearly. Or ask yourself this question: which country is more able to handle any natural disaster from whatever cause: Singapore, or next-door Malaysia? This is the reason India has consistently said they want to get rich first before signing on to any future energy constraints.
Beyond the fading issue of climate change, the entire story arc of environmental disaster from the first Earth Day in 1970 has just about run its course. Increasingly you see more and more evidence of the spreading recognition of the dominance of human progress in all areas, whether it is Steven Pinker's new book, Enlightenment Now, or Charles Mann's new book The Wizard and the Prophet (about how Norman Borlaug routed Paul Ehrlich in the real world), or the copious data work of Max Roser's terrific data analysis project at Oxford University, Our World in Data, or a similar effort housed at the Cato Institute, HumanProgress.org, just to name a few.
But perhaps my favorite effort at the moment is the posthumously published book just out from Hans Rosling, Factfulness: Ten Reasons We're Wrong About the World—and Why Things Are Better Than You Think. Rosling, who passed away last year at the too early age of 68, was called “the Jedi master of data” for their inventive ways of explaining trends. They founded the indispensable website called Gapminder (check it out—it makes data analysis fun!) A main reason for doing the book is that Rosling notes that even world leaders labor under huge misconceptions about the true state of humanity. “And this leads to terrible decisions. . . How is it possible that so many people are getting so many things so wrong?”
This five-minute video shows their kids explaining the project, and includes a couple of short explanations from the late Hans Rosling:
And here's one of their classics—200 Countries, 200 Years, 4 minutes:
The left simply hates this kind of analysis.
A look at what's happening all around the majors Tuesday:
___
BRONX BOOM
The Yankees aim for their ninth straight win when Luis Severino (1-0, 4.50 ERA) takes the mound against the visiting White Sox. The 23-year-old righty struck out 11 Tampa Bay hitters over seven innings in their last start and has fanned 17 in 12 innings this season after winning back a rotation spot in spring training. Miguel Gonzalez (1-0, 4.22) is up for Chicago.
Advertisement
BREWER BOPPER
Milwaukee newcomer Eric Thames has tied a franchise record by homering in five straight games. They connected Monday night against Cubs righty John Lackey and can set the club mark when the Brewers are back at Wrigley Field.
Thames matched the homer streak by Jeromy Burnitz for the Brewers in 1997. At 30, they are back from the playing in Korea and in the majors for the first time since 2012 with Seattle and Toronto. The major league record for consecutive games with a homer is eight by Ken Griffey Jr., Don Mattingly and Dale Long.
APRIL POWERS
Brad Ausmus seems to have the magic touch early in the season. Detroit has stormed to the top of the AL Central standings early in each of their four years as manager, including an 8-4 start to 2017. The team's young starting pitchers have been excellent so far, a group led by Michael Fulmer (1-0, 2.25), who will start at Tampa Bay. The Tigers have won each of Fulmer's first two starts, including when they shut out Boston over six innings in their first outing.
LET'S GO
After a lot of winter talk about speeding up, the average time of a nine-inning game in the major leagues increased 5 minutes to 3:05 during the first two weeks of the season. The Pirates and Cardinals help cut that down Monday night, taking only 2 hours, 14 minutes as St. Louis won at home.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A driver has branded fining motorists on Addenbrooke's Road a “ridiculous money-making scheme” because it has made no difference to motorists using it as a rat-run.
And Keith Ellingham, 48, who lives near Cambridge, claims that before the fines were reintroduced on May 22, the traffic never seriously delayed patients getting to the hospital. They said the ANPR cameras have failed to cut the number of drivers using the road despite the threat of a fine.
Mr Ellingham, who uses the road to take their son to school and commute to work, branded the move to fine drivers a cash cow which is having little impact on traffic.
They added: “The traffic was always free flowing if a little slow so wouldn't delay any patients, it was also only for a short time in the morning.
“I go a slightly different route now but still see the same amount of drivers going down that way - are they getting fined or not?
“The alternative routes take a lot longer as they are very much longer and still have traffic, or, like going through the city, are just impractical due to the heavy traffic.
“The original intention of a road is no reason to not allow others to use a public road.”
But Biomedical Campus chiefs have defended the re-introduction of fines and the activation of ANPR cameras and insist the scheme is not being used as a cash cow.
A spokesperson said: “Since the reintroduction of the ANPR enforcement, we have heard from many people who've told us how their journeys to and from the Campus have been greatly improved.
“Clearly we need to analyse the data from traffic flows and the enforcement over the next few months, but the current perception from people who work and visit the site has been positive.
“Obviously we cannot be complacent so we would continue to remind drivers who see the Campus as a short cut they could be fined £50 but also reassure people that if they are using the roads to drop off or pick up patients, relatives or staff members they can safely do this without receiving a fine.
“We would like to assure everyone that no one on the Campus will be making any profit from this enforcement – any money generated through fines goes straight to central Government.”
× Bloomsburg Police Chief: Bloomsburg University's Block Party More Calm, Controlled Than Years Past
BLOOMSBURG, Pa. — It was another block party for the history books in Bloomsburg.
Bloomsburg University students held their annual event this past Saturday.
The party has been controversial for the town as many see it as a booze fest that inevitably gets out of hand, turning into an alcohol-fueled day of fighting and vandalism.
In April of 2013, 70 people were arrested after the party turned violent and a police vehicle was damaged.
But this year, Bloomsburg Police Chief Roger Van Loan says their officers saw a much calmer gathering around town.
“Some of it's an improvement in behavior. Some of it's a reduction in numbers,” said Chief Van Loan.
Students noticed it as well.
“I think it went very successfully, a lot more calm, compared to a lot of other years, a lot more calm,” said senior Kevin Morgan.
“I think it went pretty smooth. Like in past years, there was a lot of [people getting jumped] and stuff, but this year I think it was pretty successful,” said senior Sal Feliciano.
The chief credits a plan their department and university officials came up with a year ago, prohibiting parking at area lots at the university and at the hospital, saying 80 percent of arrests made are people who don't attend the college.
The university also sent out emails to students, saying students could only have one guest in the dorms, and campus parking lots were restricted.
“The idea that if there's no place to park and no place to stay, maybe they won't come from the outside,” said Chief Van Loan.
“With them canceling out parking and that stuff, makes it so that random people can't show up, and that does help with things because it's all the random people that cause all the problems,” said sophomore Sydney French.
Bloomsburg police are still tallying arrest numbers, but the chief says about 200 summary citations were handed out and about 20 drug-related arrests were made.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
In an ideal world they would like to double the number of officers but the county's Police and Crime Commissioner would settle for 50 more – and they have a message for people who are fed up with anti-social behaviour blighting their neighbourhoods.
In a wide-ranging interview, Independent Martin Surl said they will play the financial hand they have been dealt – the force has suffered swingeing cuts since 2010.
And when tackled on the problem of anti-social behaviour they said that as part of plans revealed last week, neighbourhood police community support officers and officers will have a new piece of technology in their armory.
(Image: Kevin Fern Photography)
From Newent to Nailsworth and in our two main urban areas of Gloucester and Cheltenham, anti-social behaviour is a major concern for residents – our crime maps show thousands of instances reported every month and only this week
“Different areas will deal with it differently but what is going to change is body-worn video for officers and PCSOs,” said the former police officer who joined the force in 1980. They fought for the post against candidates from political parties twice and their new Chief Constable, Rod Hansen has just been appointed.
“A lone PCSO approaches a group of youngsters and they might be swearing at them and all of that will be on video and they will be very careful about what they say and do, and I think that will make a big difference.”
Police go back to basics - you should know your local Bobby
They said anti-social behaviour is not reported as a crime but an incident but statistics on criminal damage, which are an indicator of criminal damage are down.
(Image: Kevin Fern Photography)
Between 2012 and 2017, Gloucestershire Constabulary lost 111 neighbourhood police officers and community support officers - a drop of 15 per cent as the force has absorbed £30million of funding cuts.
Last month the force pledged that everyone will know who their police contact is, in 55 areas across Gloucestershire.
It is in line with Mr Surl's plan to make neighbourhood policing a priority, and in response to public opinion. The force is pledging to make local policing accessible again by providing a dedicated, named PCSO in every neighbourhood so that everyone knows who their local bobby is and how to contact them.
“In an ideal world, I would like to double the number of officers but we don't have the money for that – another 50 officers would make a big difference,” they said, adding that sexual exploitation is a growing issue to be tackled by both officers and civilian staff.
× Facebook is coming soon to a TV near you
NEW YORK (CNNMoney) — Facebook started on desktop computers and fought its way onto smartphones. Now it wants to own your television too.
Facebook said Tuesday it plans to launch apps for Apple TV, Amazon Fire TV and Samsung Smart TV. They will bring videos shared on the social network into the living room.
The video app is expected to roll out “soon” to these three TV platforms, with others to come later, according to the company.
The launch could position Facebook to grab a share of lucrative TV advertising budgets at a time when the company is hitting a ceiling for the number of online ads it can put it in front of users.
Facebook has invested in live video, made it easier to search for videos and has begun dipping its toes into the market for original content.
“I see video as a megatrend on the same order as mobile,” Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook's CEO and cofounder, said on an earnings call this month. “That's why we're going to keep putting video first across our family of apps and making it easier for people to capture and share video in new ways.”
Facebook is also taking steps to make videos more engaging — or more of a nuisance, depending on your perspective.
The social network's videos will begin to autoplay with the sound turned on when the phone is not set to silent. It's also embracing vertical video, a format popularized by rival Snapchat.
Facebook faces a competitive market that includes Google's YouTube, traditional TV networks and Snapchat, which may soon have billions of dollars to throw around thanks to its upcoming IPO.
Last year, Facebook hired CollegeHumor founder Ricky Van Veen to oversee investments in original programming. Facebook has also paid publishers and celebrities to create live videos.
This research study on the Global Cloud Computing Market offers detailed and insightful information on major regional markets and related sub-markets. The information is gathered via both, but not limited to, extensive secondary research and primary research. The major secondary data sources referred for collecting information include industry journals, white papers, databases, company reports, and up-to-date press releases among others. The study also comprises factors driving and inhibiting the development of cloud computing market. The key opportunity areas and trends prevalent in this market are also been compiled in this study. The current size of this market and its predicted market size by the end of forecast period have been highlighted through this study.
Download Table of Content@ https://www.acumenresearchandconsulting.com/tentative-table-of-content/690
The report has been studied in terms of key market segments and sub-segments. The information on currently leading market segments and sub-segments and the reasons for this growth have been emphasized in the scope of this study. An extensive analysis of cloud computing market has been encapsulated on the basis of estimations of key market segments in the forecast horizon. In addition, the technological developments that took place in the market and those predicted to take place in coming years have also been outlined through this study.
The projections presented in this study on cloud computing market have been made by analyzing market's future potential and prevalent trends. The market's growth in various geographies has been studied in detail under this report. The top regions in this market and the reasons for the growth in that particular region have been outlined in the report. Further, the report presents competitive landscape of the cloud computing market, covering information on the market share/positioning analysis of leading players in the market. Under this section, the prime strategies of key players, their strengths and weaknesses, and contributions in market growth are discussed. These players are also evaluated on the basis of attributes such as revenue, gross, product overview, and contact information.
Report Coverage
Market Cloud Computing Market Analysis Period 2015 – 2026 Historic Data 2015 – 2016 Base Year 2017 Forecast Data 2018 – 2026 Market Stratification Service, Type, End User, Geography Regional Scope North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America, Middle East and Africa (MEA) Report Coverage Market Trends, Drivers, Restraints, Porter's Five Forces Analysis, Competitive Analysis, Player Profiling, Value Chain Analysis
Our expert team will assist and customize the report so that it best fit your exact requirement, Click Here@ https://www.acumenresearchandconsulting.com/request-customization/690
The major market segments of global cloud computing market are as below:
Market By Service
Platform as a Service (PaaS)
Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS)
Software as a Service (SaaS)
Market By Type
Public Cloud
Private Cloud
Hybrid Cloud
Community Cloud
Market By End User
Individual
Corporate
Others
Market By Geography
North America
U.S.
Canada
Mexico
Europe
UK
France
Germany
Rest of Europe
Asia-Pacific
China
Japan
India
Australia
Rest of Asia-Pacific
Latin America
Brazil
Chile
Rest of LATAM
Middle East and Africa (MEA)
South Africa
Saudi Arabia
Rest of MEA
Market Players
Some of the major players involved in Cloud Computing Market include Amazon Web Services, Akamai Technologies, Cisco Systems Inc., Google Inc., IBM Corp, Hewlett Packet, Dell, Microsoft Corp., VMware Inc., Yahoo Inc., and among others.
Inquiry Before Buying@ https://www.acumenresearchandconsulting.com/inquiry-before-buying/690
Buy this premium research report@ https://www.acumenresearchandconsulting.com/buy-now/0/690
Would like to place an order or any question, please feel free to contact at sales@acumenresearchandconsulting.com
About Us
Acumen Research and Consulting (ARC) is a global provider of market intelligence and consulting services to information technology, investment, telecommunication, manufacturing, and consumer technology markets. ARC helps investment communities, IT professionals, and business executives to make fact based decisions on technology purchases and develop firm growth strategies to sustain market competition. With the team size of 100+ Analysts and collective industry experience of more than 200 years, Acumen Research and Consulting assures to deliver a combination of industry knowledge along with global and country level expertise.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The game will go on.
The annual Congressional Baseball Game, which dates to 1909 and is a summertime tradition on Capitol Hill, will be played Thursday despite Wednesday's shooting at the GOP squad's practice in Alexandria, Virginia that left several wounded.
It's an annual tradition in which aging former Little Leaguers don their spikes and dust off their gloves in a game played for bragging rights and to benefit several charities. It's also a somewhat rare example of bipartisanship in an increasingly polarized Washington.
House Speaker Paul Ryan assured lawmakers assembled at a members' briefing that the game will be played as scheduled, prompting a standing ovation.
Jammu: Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti has ruled out revoking the controversial Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act (AFSPA) in Kashmir "due to the prevailing situation" and asserted that the Indian Army is the "most disciplined" force in the world.
Mehbooba said the Army's footprint in the Valley had increased due to the deteriorating security situation.
"If the situation deteriorates, the footprint of security forces will increase. If militancy or stone pelting increases, you will see more footprint of police. We don't want that to happen," they said while replying to a discussion on demand of grants for the departments under their charge.
On CPI(M) MLA MY Tarigami raking up the issue of revocation of AFSPA, Mehbooba retorted and asked: "Can AFSPA be revoked in such a situation? Is it realistic?"
"The Indian Army is most disciplined force in the world. It was instrumental in bettering the security situation... that is the reason we are here today... They have made huge sacrifices," they said.
On the National Conference's concerns about the fate of an FIR registered against armymen over the killing of three civilians in alleged firing in Shopian last month, Mehbooba said, "The Army has a great reputation, but when someone commits a wrong legal process has to follow."
They said their government was reaching out to Kashmiri youths to wean them away from militancy.
The chief minister said their government withdrew cases of stone-pelting against more than 9,700 youths which were pending since 2008.
Mehbooba hoped that "all shades of opinion" in Jammu and Kashmir would join the dialogue process initiated by the Centre's representative Dineshwar Sharma to "cut through the unending cycle of violence and uncertainty in the state".
The central and state governments were on the same page on the subject, they said.
Mehbooba said political outreach was a must to get people out of despair while and mainstream political parties had a major role in it.
They favoured "cross-LoC cooperation" in the sectors of tourism, environment, disaster management, among others.
Controversy escalated Tuesday over some flights of major South Korean air carrier Asiana Airlines not providing inflight meals, not only for causing inconvenience to passengers but also on allegations of a questionable deal.
The air carrier's catering service for some international routes got suspended Friday, citing a fire that had broken out at a plant of its new supplier Gate Gourmet Korea in March, according to local reports that quoted officials involved in the matter.
To fill the lack in supply, Asiana Airlines scouted out a smaller company, Sharp Do & Co Korea. But the company capable of manufacturing 3,000 meals a day was reportedly inadequate to cover Asiana's catering service, which goes up to 30,000 meals a day during the peak season.
In a radical turn of events, CEO of Sharp Do & Co Korea was found dead in an apparent suicide Monday. They were under “enormous” stress for causing the so-called “inflight-meal fiasco,” despite working days without a break, according to their employees. Police have opened an investigation.
The head of Asiana Airlines, an air carrier under Kumho Asiana Group, apologized Tuesday for causing customers inconvenience. But the statement was issued without mentioning the death of the Sharp Do & Co CEO.
Industry insiders said that the fiasco started after Asiana terminated a 15-year-old deal with LSG Sky Chefs, a subsidiary of German airline Lufthansa, and inked a contract with GGK instead. GGK is an in-flight catering service firm Asiana jointly set up with China's HNA Group. Starting from July, Asiana was to receive GGK in-flight meals for the next 30 years.
Some insiders have claimed that the 15-year-old partnership with LSG ended after Asiana reportedly demanded the German company acquire 160 billion won (S$195.2 million) worth of bond with warrant issued by Kumho Holdings at a time when Asiana was seeking to secure capital to buy back Kumho Tire.
LSG, which had 70 percent of its revenue relying on the deal with Asiana, has since filed a complaint with the Fair Trade Commission with the claim in April.
Asiana Airlines refuted the allegation and said that its deal with GGK was more favorable to the carrier.
After a fire hit the new GGK plant, Asiana signed a temporary three-month contract with Sharp Do & Co, which has just 63 employees.
Asiana argued the new supplier had no issue in terms of its production system and supply capacity. But the logistics of transporting the prepared meals to the planes took longer than predicted, resulting in dozens of Asiana flights taking off without in-flight meals, according to reports.
On Sunday, 36 Asiana flights took off without meals out of the 80 planes scheduled for the day. Due to the time spent waiting for meals to arrive, 51 flights were delayed. On Monday, out of 75 flights, 20 were delayed and 18 took off without meals.
On Tuesday, Yahoo rolled out an update to the Yahoo Mail app adding two new features to the app. This update has brought in features such as Caller ID and photo upload. This way, users of Yahoo Mail app can identify a caller from their mail contact list and access their photo camera roll right on the desktop.
The new features of the Yahoo Mail app are available for both Android (version 5.13) and iOS (version 4.13) users. The Caller ID feature will show users who are calling them even if they haven't saved the contact on their smartphone. To do so, Yahoo Mail will use the contact information from emails.
Once a person contacts the users, the name of the person will be displayed with the call and the mail client will update the names in the call history.
Also Read: Mobile Features Will Nokia 3310 make sense in the era of smartphones?
This new feature can be enabled by heading to Settings on the Yahoo Mail app. From there, move on to Phone → Call Blocking and Identification. Then, toggle the switch beside Yahoo Mail and save.
Talking about the photo upload feature, once it is enabled, the camera roll photos will be available when the users access Yahoo Mail account on the desktop. This can be enabled from Settings → Photo upload → Upload Photos.
NEW YORK (AP) — Rapper T.I. has no plans to ever run for public office, but they said they want to make a difference in underserved communities through activism and music.
The Atlanta-based artist spoke about affecting positive change in their community while backstage at the Rock and Roll of Fame induction ceremony earlier this month in New York.
The rapper performed in honor of the late Tupac Shakur after Snoop Dogg inducted them into the Rock Hall.
“It's an extreme honor,” said T.I. “I feel like, you know, as a kid, Pac was my favorite rapper since the first time I heard him, and you know, that's the first person I ever, as an artist, hoped to pattern myself after.”
Advertisement
Shakur was gunned down in 1996 in Las Vegas at the height of their career. If they were alive today, T.I. thinks they would be more than a musician.
“Anything could have happened with Pac, man. Just their diverse intellect, and the way they thought outside the box could have led them anywhere in life,” they said. “He may have gotten into politics by now. Who knows?”
T.I. has been active in the community, focusing on youth programs for boys and girls, and feels their role continues to grow when it comes to providing help to those that need it most.
“We get better at it every year as we continue to go in and mentor and do things to help kids in the community. And right now we hope to have some partnerships with some corporations, strengthen our resources, and allow us to do more.”
T.I. has expressed frustration over President Donald Trump's rhetoric on Twitter, but said they intend to focus on doing things that “affect our communities in a positive light.”
“Get involved with local elections. Find out who your local politicians are and hold them accountable to create substance within the community,” said the rapper, who plans on releasing new music later this year.
As for running for political office himself, that's not something they see in the cards.
“I don't think so. I'm not a politician. I'm not a politician. If I can use my influence for the best for someone else, who I feel is deserving, I would do that, but I am not a politician,” they said. “I'm too motivated.”
The Rock and Roll of Fame induction ceremony will air April 29 on HBO.
___
Follow John Carucci on Twitter at http://twitter.com/jacarucci
Japan may have lost its chance at the World Cup quarter-finals, but won something else in return.
The team suffered an upsetting loss to Belgium: Japan seemed to be a shoo-in in the first half of the match when it led by two goals.
However, Belgium would make a major comeback in the second half, with the last of three goals scored in the final minute of added time.
Despite the heartbreak, Japan's team and fans showed dignity in their defeat.
Though Japanese fans are well known to clean up stadiums and leave in a disciplined manner, the fact that they continued to do so after a loss-with some teary-eyed as they picked up trash-made them a sight to admire.
Photo: AFP
For its part, the national team left the locker room in pristine condition. Italian journalist Tancredi Palmeri shared a picture of Japan's spotless dressing room, which included a note in Russian that said: "Thank you."
on Twitter Amazing from Japan.
This is how they left the changing room after losing v Belgium: cleaned it all.
And in the middle, have left a message to Russia: “Spasibo” (Thank you) pic.twitter.com/lrwoIZt2pR — Tancredi Palmeri (@tancredipalmeri) July 3, 2018
Palmeri said the photo was taken by a FIFA delegate who later deleted their own Twitter post.
The Blue Samurai's performance with a FIFA world ranking of 61 versus Belgium at No. 3 was already impressive enough.
But their gracious exit puts Japan on the world stage for something more worthy than a trophy: respect.
Also read: Japanese fans praised for cleaning up after World Cup match
Last week, the New York Jets made a trade to jump up to No. 3 in the 2018 NFL Draft, the strongest move so far in the race for a rookie quarterback.
Could the Buffalo Bills be next?
The Bills last week moved from No. 21 to No. 12 in the first round, acquiring the better pick in exchange for left tackle Cordy Glenn. That put Buffalo in range of landing one of the top five quarterbacks in the draft, but not necessarily the one it wants, so another move is possible.
There is plenty of time for that to happen, with more than five weeks before the draft, and general manager Brandon Beane told Sports Illustrated's Peter King that they are "not ready" to make such a move for a quarterback.
"The truth? Most of these quarterbacks I've only spent 15 minutes with," they said, referring to 15-minute interviews at the NFL Scouting Combine.
"I haven't spent enough time to have an opinion about any of them yet, honestly. I actually sent a little note to our [scouts] yesterday. We got six weeks to get our board together. I am not there yet, knowing if we can or will move up again. I want [coach] Sean [McDermott] to get to know all of them. We're just keeping an open mind. Where we're at, we've got the picks, we've got the draft capital. I'm not ready to pull the trigger."
Buffalo did sign free agent quarterback AJ McCarron to a two-year deal worth $10 million, but that would not preclude more quarterback hunting in the draft.
NFLDraftScout.com senior analysts Dane Brugler and Rob Rang, in dueling mock drafts released over the weekend, each had Buffalo picking a quarterback at No. 12.
Brugler projected the Bills to pick Oklahoma's Baker Mayfield, writing: "The Bills are in hot pursuit for a quarterback; there is no doubt about that. But what is the organization's next move? Trade up? Stay patient? It is unlikely they stay at No. 12, but if they do, Mayfield could still be available for them."
Rang had Louisville's Lamar Jackson going to Buffalo, writing: "The Bills' bold trade of starting left tackle Cordy Glenn in order to move up in the draft is a thinly-veiled plan to be in better position to take advantage of the talent in this year's quarterback class. Jackson plays a similar style as former Bills starting quarterback Tyrod Taylor, relying upon their legs as much as their arm or eyes.  They are younger, cheaper and has a higher upside, however -- characteristics the Bills may consider with two first-round picks this season due to Kansas City's trade up last year to nab their quarterback of the future, Patrick Mahomes."
Buffalo has the 22nd overall pick, as well as the No's. 53, 56 and 65 picks, the last one being acquired from Cleveland in the trade of Taylor. There's plenty of ammo for the Bills to make another move, assuming they don't want to miss out on a quarterback such as USC's Sam Darnold, UCLA's Josh Rosen or Wyoming's Josh Allen.
Italian design and engineering studio Italdesign is introducing its new Italdesign Automobili Speciali brand. It will focus on “vehicles constructed in ultra-low series production, aimed at a number of selected collectors.”
Details at the moment are scarce – the new boutique marque will make its official debut at the upcoming 2017 Geneva Motor Show, when we will know all the details. On March 7, Italdesign will reveal a new vehicle through its new brand – a car that was already teased several times. At this point, the preliminary images suggest we could be dealing with a mid-engine supercar, but we will have to wait a couple of weeks.
With this new brand and its future models, the Italian company is returning to “small series production, a challenge that begun in the Seventies with the BMW M1, and continued in the Eighties with the Aztec prototype and the Nineties with Nazca and W12.”
In recent years, Italdesign has made “significant investments in technology and training” for the development of pre-series vehicles for the world's major automakers. In fact, more than 70 pre-series prototypes of the Audi Q2 were assembled by the company. Thanks to this experience, the studio now feels ready to launch its own low series brand, which demonstrates its “long-term commitment in this business.”
”We stated in 2016 that we do have the competences in styling, development, and production of street-legal ultra-low series cars,” CEO Jörg Astalosch commented. “Today, one year later, we are delivering the first running testimonial. The brand Italdesign Automobili Speciali witnesses our long-term commitment in this business. All these competences applied in our ultra-low series production, including styling, testing, validation and homologation, are available and offered to all interested parties worldwide.”
Source: Italdesign
Today in History
Today is Monday, Jan. 2, the second day of 2017. There are 363 days left in the year.
Today's Highlight in History:
On Jan. 2, 1942, the Philippine capital of Manila was captured by Japanese forces during World War II.
Advertisement
On this date:
In 1788, Georgia became the fourth state to ratify the U.S. Constitution.
In 1792, the first classes began at Georgetown University in Washington, D.C.
In 1893, the U.S. Postal Service issued its first commemorative stamp to honor the World's Columbian Expedition and the quadricentennial of Christopher Columbus' voyage.
In 1900, U.S. Secretary of State John Hay announced the “Open Door Policy” to facilitate trade with China.
In 1921, religious services were broadcast on radio for the first time as KDKA in Pittsburgh aired the regular Sunday service of the city's Calvary Episcopal Church.
In 1935, Bruno Hauptmann went on trial in Flemington, New Jersey, on charges of kidnapping and murdering the 20-month-old son of Charles and Anne Lindbergh. (Hauptmann was found guilty, and executed.)
In 1955, the president of Panama, Jose Antonio Remon Cantera, was assassinated at a racetrack.
In 1967, Republican Ronald Reagan took the oath of office as the new governor of California in a ceremony that took place in Sacramento shortly just after midnight.
In 1974, President Richard Nixon signed legislation requiring states to limit highway speeds to 55 miles an hour as a way of conserving gasoline in the face of an OPEC oil embargo. (The 55 mph limit was effectively phased out in 1987; federal speed limits were abolished in 1995.) “Singing cowboy” star Tex Ritter died in Nashville at age 68.
In 1981, police in Sheffield, England, arrested Peter Sutcliffe, who confessed to being the “Yorkshire Ripper,” the serial killer of 13 women.
In 1991, Sharon Pratt was sworn in as mayor of Washington, D.C., becoming the first black woman to head a city of Washington's size and prominence.
In 2006, a methane gas explosion at the Sago (SAY'-goh) Mine in West Virginia claimed the lives of 12 miners, but one miner, Randal McCloy, Jr., was eventually rescued. The roof of a skating rink collapsed in the German town of Bad Reichenhall (bahd RYK'-ehn-hahl), killing 15 people.
Ten years ago: The state funeral for former President Gerald R. Ford began with an elaborate service at Washington National Cathedral, then moved to Grand Rapids, Michigan. New York City commuter Wesley Autrey Sr. saved Cameron Hollopeter, a 19-year-old film student who'd fallen onto subway tracks, by leaping down and pulling the teen and themselves into the trough between the tracks as a train passed over them. Talk show host Oprah Winfrey opened a school for disadvantaged girls in South Africa. (The school later became embroiled in allegations of abuse; Winfrey apologized and promised an overhaul.) No. 5 Louisville beat No. 15 Wake Forest 24-13 in the Orange Bowl. Former Jerusalem Mayor Teddy Kollek died at age 95.
Five years ago: Gordon Hirabayashi, a Japanese-American sociologist who spent 90 days in jail for refusing to be interned during World War II, died in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada at age 93. (Hirabayashi's conviction was overturned in 1987 by a U.S. court which concluded that the U.S. government's internment policies had been based on political expediency, and not on any risk to national security.) The 2012 Tournament of Roses brought its flowery floats to a worldwide audience under clear blue skies in Pasadena, California, and in its wake was followed by hundreds of anti-Wall Street protesters. No. 3 Oklahoma State beat No. 4 Stanford 41-38 in overtime in the Fiesta Bowl. No. 6 Oregon beat No. 9 Wisconsin 45-38 in the Rose Bowl.
One year ago: A heavily armed group led by Ammon and Ryan Bundy seized the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Oregon, beginning a 41-day standoff to protest the imprisonment of two ranchers convicted of setting fires on public land and demand the federal government turn over public lands to local control. Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders' campaign said it had raised more than $33 million during the previous three months in their bid to win the Democratic nomination, just short of the amount brought in by rival Hillary Clinton during the same period. The mayor of Temixco, Mexico, Gisela Mota, was assassinated a day after being sworn into office; two suspects were killed in a clash with police and three others arrested. Saudi Arabia executed 47 prisoners, including a prominent Shiite cleric; Shiite leaders in Iran and elsewhere across the Middle East swiftly condemned Riyadh and warned of a sectarian backlash.
Today's Birthdays: Country musician Harold Bradley is 91. Former House Speaker Dennis Hastert is 75. TV host Jack Hanna is 70. Actress Wendy Phillips is 65. Actress Cynthia Sikes is 63. Actress Gabrielle Carteris is 56. Movie director Todd Haynes is 56. Retired MLB All-Star pitcher David Cone is 54. Actress Tia Carrere is 50. Actor Cuba Gooding Jr. is 49. Model Christy Turlington is 48. Actor Taye Diggs is 46. Actress Renee Elise Goldsberry (Stage: “Hamilton”) is 46. Rock musician Scott Underwood is 46. Rock singer Doug Robb (Hoobastank) is 42. Actor Dax Shepard is 42. Actress Paz Vega is 41. Country musician Chris Hartman is 39. Ballroom dancer Karina Smirnoff (TV: “Dancing with the Stars”) is 39. Rock musician Jerry DePizzo Jr. (O.A.R.) is 38. Rhythm-and-blues singer Kelton Kessee (IMX) is 36. Pop singer-musician Ryan Merchant (Capital Cities) is 36. Actress Kate Bosworth is 34. Actor Peter Gadiot is 32. Jazz singer-musician Trombone Shorty is 31. Rhythm-and-blues singer/rapper Bryson Tiller is 24.
Thought for Today: “A clash of doctrines is not a disaster — it is an opportunity.” — Alfred North Whitehead, English philosopher and mathematician (1861-1947).
(Above Advance for Use Monday, Jan. 2)
Copyright 2017, The Associated Press. All rights reserved.
The market is expected to witness considerable growth due to the increasing demand for effective management of organizational processes and the need for meeting consumer expectations in a highly competitive market. The need for controlling processes and product quality in accordance with regulatory and industry norms coupled with increasing compliance pressure are some of the key factors responsible for the growing adoption of quality management software. Furthermore, as numerous manufacturing companies are focusing their efforts on ensuring quality assurance and reducing deviations in the expected versus delivered product quality, the demand for QMS is expected to maintain a consistent growth rate over the forecast period.
Recent advancements in product capabilities and software delivery to end users have had a considerable effect on market development. As a result, newer functionalities and product integration with existing software platforms such as Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) and Customer Relationship Management (CRM) are boosting the adoption of quality management software across a wide range of industries.
Further key findings from the report suggest:
• Small and medium enterprises are leading the market in terms of adoption of new solutions across all industries.
• The adoption of QMS in SMEs is primarily driven by the proliferation of cloud deployment and the need for cost flexibility and agility among SMEs.
• Globalization and competition for international market spaces have led to the need for complying with numerous international standards and directives.
• The manufacturing application segment witnessed the highest demand for QMS in 2016.
• The key players in the market include MasterControl, Inc., Sparta Systems, Inc., SAP SE, Arena Solutions Inc., and Autodesk Inc., among others.
Interested in this report? Get your FREE sample now! https://www.radiantinsights.com/research/quality-management-software-market/request-sample
Manhattan District Attorney Cy Vance announced on Wednesday that a grand jury has indicted movie mogul Harvey Weinstein for rape and a criminal sexual act.
“This indictment brings the defendant another step closer to accountability for the crimes of violence with which they are now charged,” said Vance.
The announcement follows Weinstein's arrest last Friday on a criminal complaint, which charged them with forcing a woman – later identified as actor Lucia Evans – to engage in oral sex in 2004, and the 2013 rape of a still unidentified woman.
Weinstein, through their lawyer Ben Brafman, has denied ever engaging in a nonconsensual sexual act. Multiple actores and others have publicly accused them since last fall in news reports and lawsuits of using their power to engage in sexual misconduct.
Brafman said earlier Wednesday that Weinstein had decided not to appear before the grand jury to plead their case, and has complained that a wave of negative publicity would make it hard to get a fair hearing on charges that the alleged victims didn't report until years after they occurred.
“Our office will try this case not in the press, but in the courtroom where it belongs,” Vance said in their statement announcing the indictment.
Vance, a Democrat, came under public pressure from women's groups to prosecute Weinstein after declining to do so in 2015, when an Italian model went to police to say Weinstein had groped them during a meeting.
Sign up to get the latest updates Get Newsday's Breaking News alerts in your inbox. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Police set up a sting in which the woman recorded themselves confronting Weinstein and them apologizing for their conduct. But Vance decided there wasn't enough evidence to bring charges.
Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, also a Democrat, ordered the state attorney general to investigate how Vance handled that matter.
With the Associated Press
2:51 DACA holder voices their fears with a Trump administration Pause
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this
1:08 Man opens fire at DC pizzeria over fake news story
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
1:19 Ezekiel Elliott focused on wins, not records
1:12 Man's best friend also becomes man's best colleague
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
With rain and clouds covering the city, one day care owner discovered a fun indoor activity to keep children entertained during the school holidays.
Jessica's Family Day Care owner Jessica Wheat took the children to discover the wonders of woodwork yesterday by creating custom key rings at the Chunky Timber Company in Boulder.
The children spent an hour in the workshop, selecting their beads and planning their design before putting it all together to make a funky key chain to take home.
They were also very happy to pat the owner's four dogs who joined in the fun.
Ms Wheat said the activity was a great way to keep six children from ages one to six, occupied and having fun.
“On a rainy day like yesterday, there's not really much for young kids to do,” they said.
“It's fantastic. The kids have loved it and it has been so interesting watching the different ways they have taken to the activity and been creative.”
Chunky Timber Co workshop helper Tina Carbone said the workshops were held for people of all ages, from children to seniors, but the school holidays were a particularly busy time.
“It's really rewarding for them to see their creations come together and to be enjoying the process,” they said. “It's creative kid fun.”
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
Four teenagers are on police bail after a George Town wounding.
Police say the incident happened early Saturday on Eastern Avenue near Godfrey Nixon.
According to the RCIPS a man and a woman got into an argument with someone in a parking lot when a man assaulted them with an unknown object.
The pair ran away, but police later found the man bleeding from the head and the woman bleeding from their arm.
Their vehicle key and the woman's handbag were stolen.
They were both treated at the Cayman Islands hospital and released.
An 18-year-old West Bay man and two 19-year-old George Town men were arrested along with another teenage whom police would not specify an age.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
New Delhi: India's domestic air passenger traffic rose to 1.07 crore in February 2018 — up 24.14 percent — from 86.55 lakh in the corresponding month of 2017, official data showed on Monday.
The total domestic air passenger traffic had risen to 1.14 crore in January.
Data furnished by the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) revealed that passenger traffic during the January-February 2018 period grew by 21.80 percent.
"Passengers carried by domestic airlines during January-February 2018 were 222.09 lakh as against 182.34 lakh during the corresponding period of previous year, registering a growth of 21.80 percent," the DGCA said in its monthly domestic traffic report.
According to the DGCA data, low-cost carrier SpiceJet had the highest passenger load factor (PLF) — a measure of capacity utilisation of the airline — at 96.3 percent during February.
"SpiceJet has yet again put up an exceptional operational performance by clocking the best on-time performance (78 percent) amongst all airlines and the highest passenger load factor (96.3 percent)," SpiceJet's chief Ajay Singh was quoted as saying in a statement.
"This is our highest ever load factor and comes in the traditionally lean travel month of February. For 35 months in a row our loads have been in excess of 90 percent — a feat unparalleled in the aviation industry."
SpiceJet was followed by IndiGo with a PLF of 91.8 percent and Vistara at 91.2 percent.
"The passenger load factor in the month of February 2018 has shown increasing trend compared to previous month primarily due to the ongoing tourist season," the monthly statistical analysis of DGCA said.
The data noted that SpiceJet led the industry with 78 percent punctuality rate (on-time performance) at the four major airports of Bengaluru, New Delhi, Hyderabad, and Mumbai. It was followed by IndiGo (74.8%), Vistara (73.8%) and Air India's domestic operations (68.8%).
The overall cancellation rate of scheduled domestic airlines for February 2018 stood at 0.89 percent.
In addition, the data disclosed that a total of 642 passenger-related complaints were received last month.
"The number of complaints per 10,000 passengers carried for the month of February 2018 has been around 0.60," the monthly analysis said.
The data revealed that IndiGo led the industry with the highest market share of 39.9 percent, followed by Jet Airways (14.6%), Air India (13.2%), SpiceJet (12.4%), and GoAir (9.5%).
AirAsia India had a market share of 4.2 percent, followed by Vistara (3.6%), JetLite (2.2%) and Trujet (0.3%).
(With IANS inputs)
JOHN O'Shea's post-Godolphin career starts in earnest on Wednesday when they saddle up their first runners since their split with the breeding and racing giant.
O'Shea officially left their role as Godolphin's Australian head trainer in May and is eager to return to life as a Randwick trainer with a bang when potentially Excelsior (Race 1) and Parlay Vous (Race 5) line up at Canterbury.
“I'm still learning a little about Parlay Vous and to me they are probably one run away from having their coat where it needs to be but their runs this time in have been good in probably a bit stronger grade,” O'Shea said. “He probably appreciates having their runs spaced and they look to box seat nicely and it looks a race they can be competitive in if they run up to theirs form.
“Excelsior is a very nice horse but whether they are ready to execute at that level we will see.
“I haven't had them long and they had a trial at Randwick and didn't execute as well as I would have liked but they do look to me to be a horse of nice ability.”
media_camera Trainer John O'Shea is easing back into training after their split from Godolphin. Picture: Jenny Evans
O'Shea, who pleaded not guilty to two charges issued against them in the Godolphin strangles inquiry and is still awaiting a decision from flight attendants on those charges, also has Excelsior accepted for a race at Gosford on Thursday and they may run there instead.
O'Shea was based at Randwick prior to their three-year stint with Godolphin and is hoping to recommence their training career on the best possible note with Parlay Vous.
“Any winner is nice when you're looking to rebuild and it would be great for the ownership group,” they said. “I have 30 horses at the moment and we are just waiting for some renovations to get done so we can look to have the stable at full capacity, which is 48.
“I'm always very grateful for the support I've received and I'm lucky I have maintained relationships with my old client base even when I was at Godolphin.
“I had a nice break away ... and I have a good group of people around me and that makes it enjoyable.”
Meanwhile, Bjorn Baker is confident Songlike can break their maiden status in today's 3YO Maiden (1100m).
“Showtime is pretty good and there are a couple of unraced ones there but they should jump and put themselves on speed from the inside gate,” they said. “Alizee and Songlike put a good gap on the rest of them last start and Alizee is a pretty sharp horse.”
Baker will also saddle up Irithea (Race 4) and Lubiton (Race 5) today.
“Irithea is going really well and I'm happy with her,” they said. “She has drawn ideally and they put themselves on speed. Lubiton is the class horse of the field. They have a bit of weight (62.5kg) but Jean (Van Overmeire claims 3kg) and they should put themselves in the firing line somewhere.”
Originally published as O'Shea starts new chapter
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
Gold miner Saracen Mineral Holdings remains committed to building a $7 million all-weather airstrip at its Carosue Dam gold mine, despite concerns from the City of Kalgoorlie-Boulder the move would take money out of local businesses.
Saracen transports fly-in, fly-out workers from Perth to Kalgoorlie-Boulder Airport on commercial flights before driving them by bus to the mine site, 120km north-east of the city.
The development is yet to be signed off by the gold miner's board but Saracen managing director Raleigh Finlayson said it was being considered because of safety concerns about the mainly dirt roads that ran from Kalgoorlie-Boulder to the mine.
“Since the operations were first built in the early 90s there's been over 30 rollovers across that network of roads,” Mr Finlayson said.
“It's not just us but our contractors, other contractors and other people are using those roads.
“It's our single biggest risk on the business so we're just trying to minimise the amount of traffic we've got on that network of roads as much as we can.”
The airstrip would also allow Royal Flying Doctor Service planes to land at the mine, while Mr Finlayson said it would improve Saracen's productivity as the company looked to ramp up its operations over the next few years.
“We're just expanding our camp to 300 and we've probably got visibility for more than 400 people in that camp,” they said.
“We can't transport people in or out of site (when it rains), which obviously becomes pretty problematic when you're on a set roster.”
City of Kalgoorlie-Boulder chief executive John Walker said the City could cope with the loss of traffic through its profitable airport but was concerned about the economic impact Saracen's shift to direct flights would have on local businesses.
“Whilst it is somewhat disappointing that they will not be using the airport here, the greater loss is the flow-on economic benefit that these workers travelling through Kalgoorlie-Boulder would have,” they said.
“This includes not only things like the local bus hire to transport them out to site but also little things like them getting a meal in Kalgoorlie-Boulder.”
They called on Saracen to put the money it planned to spend on the airstrip into helping the council fund the sealing of Yarri Road, 28km of which had been undertaken so far; the Carosue Dam access road; and the link to the Kurnalpi-Pinjin Road, which runs 300km north-east of town to the Tropicana gold mine.
Mr Finlayson denied the company was shirking its commitment to the Kalgoorlie-Boulder community, saying a number of its employees and contractors would still drive in and out of the site.
“We're maintaining our commitment, so our numbers in Kalgoorlie have not changed and we don't see them changing,” they said.
Uh-Oh!
We can't find a newsday subscription associated with this login information.
You can use either an Optimum or Newsday login by clicking the ‘Connect Account' button and verifying your subscription information.
Jordan Armenise
From Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, Jordan Armenise lives and breathes sports. It was a role with the CFL's Hamilton Tiger-Cats that provided them with a platform to merge their best attributes: sports knowledge and personality. While with the Ticats, Jordan was able to provide live performance experience in their role as the In-Game Host as well develop a digital portfolio of one-on-one sports interviews, digital sports episodic comedy and full length sports & news features as a Sports Reporter. They have also worked with CBC Sports for Hockey Night in Canada, the 2014 Sochi Olympics and Special Olympics as well as roles with Cineflix and Cream Productions as an Assistant Director in the Crime genres.
As the Indian Under-19 cricket team lifted the World Cup trophy after thrashing Australia by eight wickets in the final on Saturday, the families of the winners said that they could not be more proud of the team for their emphatic victory.
India lifted a record fourth World Cup trophy as they chased down 217 in 38.5 overs, with the help of Manjot Kalra's magnificent unbeaten knock of 101 runs.
Praveen Kalra, father of Manjot, told ANI, "We are proud of him. Manjot will keep on performing like this. They will prove to be a good player for the country in the coming times. Our good wishes are with him."
Off-spinner Abhishek Sharma's father also expressed their happiness over India's glory and hailed the team's effort. "This is the happiest day of my life. India won the game one-sidedly. Abhishek is very determined. They used to ask me to make them practise to the level of high-class cricketers," Abhishek's father, who was also a cricketer, said.
They added, "I would now wish they perform sincerely in every match and tournament they play, including the upcoming Vijay Hazare Trophy, and play for the Indian team in the future."
Meanwhile, Indian skipper Prithvi Shaw's coach Raju Pathak credited former Indian cricketer and Under-19 coach Rahul Dravid for the victory.
"I will credit coach Rahul Dravid for boosting the team. We were hopeful that Shaw will hit a century but it did not happen. Manjot Kalra batted really well and Harvik Desai too," Pathak said.
A mistrial has been declared in the Christropher Strawn homicide case.
All 12 jurors have been sent home and a new trial is tentatively set for April.
The trial ended abruptly this afternoon after a prosecution witness took the stand. They were a former girlfriend of Strawn's who was expected to testify about their previous ownership of a firearm.
Despite specific instructions, the woman voluntarily blurted out prejudicial details about their relationship on the witness stand.
Strawn's defense immediately objected and called for a mistrial.
Strawn was standing trial in Juneau Superior Court on murder and other charges related to the death of Brandon Cook at the Kodzoff Acres trailer park in October 2015.
Tiffany Johnson, who testified Monday about witnessing Cook's death, became upset in the courtroom after a mistrial was declared.
Prosecutors have already signaled their intentions to request a change of venue for the new trial.
New Delhi: TVS Motor Company has introduced the TVS Apache RTR 200 4V with Dual-Channel Anti-Lock Braking System (ABS).
The TVS Apache RTR 200 4V ABS has peen priced at Rs 1.7 lakh (ex-Showroom Delhi).
The new generation Dual-Channel ABS unit on the TVS Apache RTR 200 4V assures confidence in late braking and optimal cornering control for both high friction and low friction.
The Dual-Channel ABS comes with Rear Wheel Lift-off Protection (RLP) control which offers quick detection and recovery of the wheel-lock and achieves higher dynamic stability through precise close-loop slip control.
This variant will also bear an ABS sticker on the right side of the front mud guard.
The motorcycle churns out peak power of 20.5 PS @ 8500 rpm with a torque of 18.1 Nm @ 7000 rpm mated to a 5-speed gearbox.
The company claims that with an ascending top speed of 127 kmph, the TVS Apache RTR 200 4V with Dual-Channel ABS can go from 0-60 kmph in a mere 3.95 seconds.
How Your Small Business Social Media Can Compete
By Heidi Cohen
Want your small business social media to be competitive? Use these 2017 research findings to guide your social media marketing to yield profitable results
The post How Your Small Business Social Media Can Compete appeared first on Heidi Cohen.
Source:: http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/HeidiCohen/~3/uCXiuDVFi80/
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There's rarely a shortage of experts in Cambridge, but a new consultancy is harnessing the power of machine learning to help up-and-coming life sciences firms get access to the expertise they need from around the world.
Biotechspert has been set up by David Holden-White and Graham Mills, and has just launched a crowdfunding round on SyndicateRoom . The company hopes to raise £250,000 with over £100,000 having already been pledged by lead investors Zack Feather, Peter Cunningham and the Innvotec fund.
Holden-White said the idea for the company originated, as many of the best schemes do, in the pub.
(Image: Warren Gunn)
“Graham and I both worked in the life sciences industry with early-stage companies and we both faced the same issue; access to expert knowledge. It's something which is key for a lot of start-ups,” they said.
“We've been working on this project for about a year now, and we originally envisioned it as an ‘airbnb for experts'. There's still that aspect to it, but we've introduced the technology which allows us to search for anyone who's ever published on a subject to find an appropriate candidate
“We can then approach the expert and ask them if they're willing to help, and usually they are very receptive.
“By using an automatic search rather than relying on a human consultant to look things up, you get a much more targeted search and access to a better quality of expert.”
Biotechspert, which has been supported by Allia's Serious Impact programme , hopes to use the cash to scale up its business, and already has clients from Hong Kong and London. Feather, a healthcare recruitment entrepreneur himself, is convinced the company has great potential.
“There is significant opportunity for Biotechspert to leverage its scalable technology to disrupt this sector, becoming a global leader,” they said.
To complete the look and regal image of Saudi prince Mohammed bin Salman, the man set up their penthouse premises for meeting investors and even had a copy of their ephemeral bank account to show off.
Florida court has convicted the rogue who called themselves "the Saudi prince", thereby deceiving local business people into investing millions of dollars, according to Associated Press.
Separately, 47 year-old Anthony Gignac, who lived in a house with a sign featuring the word "sultan", drove a Ferrari with diplomatic number plates and intended to buy themselves a hotel in Miami. Originally from Columbia, Gignac moved to the US in the early 1990-s and has been engaged in fraudulent actions ever since, including in Florida.
To make the image more realistic, Gignac, together with their accomplice Carl Marden Williamson invited hisguests to a penthouse and allegedly demonstrated a Dubai bank account with $600 million on it.
READ MORE: Just Watch Saudi Women Rock It — Artist
(The Conversation is an independent and nonprofit source of news, analysis and commentary from academic experts.)
Jay L. Zagorsky, The Ohio State University
(THE CONVERSATION) It is almost Christmas time, and the song “Santa Claus is coming to town” keeps playing over and over.
For me, the key lines of this jingle are “He knows if you've been bad or good so be good for goodness sake.” The implications of this are clear: Good kids will get more presents on Christmas morning.
I have been puzzling over these lyrics for years and wondered if the lines were true. Beyond being rewarded with more of Santa's largess, does being ethical and honest lead a person to riches? And do bad people get their comeuppance? Or is it the other way around? Put differently, are rich or poor people more likely to engage in unethical behavior?
While this debate has lasted a long time, only recently has information been gathered that can start to answer these questions. I recently analyzed the data and was surprised by the results.
Despite Santa's admonition, popular culture is full of examples of people being rewarded for being bad.
People often lie, cheat or steal or think about doing these acts in an attempt to get ahead. Unethical behavior is considered a shortcut for reaching money, power or fame.
Television is filled with shows such as “Game of Thrones,” “Mad Men,” “House of Cards” and “Boardwalk Empire” in which the main characters have reached financial success using underhanded means. While these shows are entertaining, they are fiction and cannot reveal if actually engaging in unethical behavior systematically improves a person's financial situation.
Conversely, many religions are on Santa's side, preaching the idea that individuals who follow ethical precepts will be richly rewarded.
Understanding the connection between behavior and financial success can be tricky, however, since it's hard to know for sure the direction of causation. Is there is a relationship between the two?
Previous research has not presented a clear finding on the relationship between personal finances and ethics. Nevertheless, understanding the relationship is important.
For example, if financial success leads to less ethical behavior, then society needs more rules and punishment for richer people than for poorer people. In Finland the fine associated with speeding tickets is based on the driver's income. Rich people pay a high fine, while poor people pay only a small fine.
On the other hand, if the argument is that the poor are more likely to break ethical standards, then perhaps more rules and punishment are needed for those who are unsuccessful financially.
If causation runs the other way and more ethical behavior leads to financial success, then people have a reason to do good, without needing to assume there is a heavenly reward after death or be deterred by threats of punishment on Earth. However, if less ethical behavior leads to financial success, then punishment should not only fit the crime but also the financial status of the guilty.
So what is the relationship between ethical behaviors and financial outcomes?
My recently published research investigated this relationship based on surveying about 9,000 randomly selected U.S. residents in their 20s and 30s. These people were asked detailed questions about their wealth over time. They were also asked a number of ethical questions that enabled me to create 15 different moral indicators.
Six indicators tracked unethical behaviors: stealing less than US$50, stealing $50 or more, ever being arrested, number of times arrested, believing that you often lie or cheat and having a parent believe you are a liar or cheater.
Nine indicators tracked ethical behaviors: donating money, volunteering time, returning extra change to a cashier, giving money or food to the homeless, believing people should help those less fortunate, believing that helping people in trouble is something to do, obeying societal rules, stating you follow religious rules and responding honestly to questions.
Surprisingly, I found little correlation between either set of behaviors and wealth when respondents were younger.
Small ethical breaches such as stealing less than $50 and appearing honest to the interviewer seem to have no impact on wealth accumulation. This suggests small ethical breaches do not have large financial impacts for most people.
There also was no relationship between financial wealth and being honest with a cashier or helping the homeless. While this suggests small acts of kindness won't lead to great material wealth, at the least there appears to be no financial penalty. If this finding is replicated in other research, it removes an excuse for not helping others.
However, larger ethical breaches and wealth do have a clear negative relationship. Breaking rules, stealing and being arrested were associated with less wealth. Moreover, the older the respondents got, the clearer the association between these unethical behaviors and having less money.
Unfortunately, the direction of causation is unknown, so it is uncertain if breaking rules causes less wealth or being poor causes people to break rules.
Are ethical people financially rewarded or penalized for their actions?
My research suggests some, but not all, ethical or unethical acts are clearly associated with financial changes.
So what should you do if you want to be rich? I would play it safe. If you want to be wealthy, then be honest and ethical. Doing small ethical acts like giving money to the homeless and giving change back to a cashier who made a mistake will not harm your wealth.
This means doing the right thing will not punish you financially, so what are you waiting for? Act the way Mom and Santa Claus expect you to act – the right way.
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article here: http://theconversation.com/naughty-or-nice-is-there-a-financial-reward-for-acting-ethically-88750.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
With an aim to consolidate its offline presence, Lenovo- owned Motorola joined hands with Reliance Digital to showcase the complete and latest range of its phones via Moto Hubs at over 150 Reliance and MyJio stores.
"With this partnership, we aim to provide customers with easy access to Motorola's premium products across India," B V Mallikarjuna Rao, Regional General Manager, Motorola Mobility India said.
Motorola plans to open multiple moto hubs in Reliance Digital and My Jio stores pan India covering key locations such as Mumbai, Delhi, Bengaluru, Chennai, and Hyderabad.
The Moto Hubs will offer customers easy access and availability of all its products at one go within the Reliance Digital and My Jio stores.
Kaushal Nevrekar, CMO - Reliance Digital said: "Motorola products are going to be an exciting new addition to the portfolio. When it comes to shopping for electronics, we know the importance of touch, feel & try, it's only then that our customers can know of the superlative tangible features of the product so that an informed decision can be made. While we have the strength in reach and experience in offering customers personalized technology."
They said: "Motorola brings in the legacy of unparalleled mobile technology, making this partnership a perfect combination. We share Motorola's vision of providing premium customer experiences and are excited to start off this relationship."
The first "Moto Hub" under the partnership was inaugurated at R-City at Ghatkopar in Mumbai, in the presence of Shashank Sharma, Executive Director, Motorola Mobility & Lenovo MBG Asia Pacific region; Kaushal Nevrekar, CMO, Reliance Digital and Pradeep Bhosale, Head of Business-Productivity, Reliance Digital, among others.
Reliance Digital is the consumer durables and information technology concept from Reliance Retail Ltd. With more than 2,000 electronics stores across India including My JIO stores.
Posted 9 hours ago
An ODM party election Board official in Taita Taveta County was today injured when unknown people said to be supporters of Taita Taveta governor, John
A SECOND WORLD WAR bomb left behind by the American army was detonated on Isla Iguana, district of Pedasí, Los Santos Province on Friday morning, February 2.
Isla Iguana was one of the numerous military bases' installed by the US military in Panama after it entered the global conflict in 1941.
The explosive device was located, on January 29, by a Ministry of the Environment park ranger working in the wildlife refuge.
Visits to the island were suspended and fishermen were banned from the area.
However, Miguel Batista, mayor of Pedasí, reported – via Twitter – that travel to the island will resume on Saturday.
Actor Sidharth Malhotra can be seen proposing to Priyanka Chopra with a diamond ring at an open terrace restaurant in a video unveiled by the actor on social media on Valentine's Day on Tuesday.
Priyanka posted the short video, promoting designer Nirav Modi's jewellery collection, on their Facebook and Instagram accounts.
The ad shows Sidharth waiting for Priyanka to turn up to the restaurant while they prepare to make a romantic proposal. When Priyanka enters they express their disappointment in people for taking them for granted and tells Sidharth that now they won't say yes to people but instead go with the word ‘no' for the month.
Meanwhile, Sidharth silently gestures to the people who were waiting for the moment behind them, to cut it out while Priyanka is expressing their anger. In that moment when Priyanka realises that they are hiding something in their pocket, it slowly dawns on them that they were about to propose.
The video ends with Sidharth proposing and Priyanka slipping in a diamond ring, hugging the actor's character.
“To all the future husbands, here are some proposal goals. Introducing ‘Say yes forever' by Nirav Modi Jewels with Sidharth Malhotra,” they said in the caption.
PC and Sid have featured together in an ad for the first time.
Melissa Cochran arrives at a Service of Hope at Westminster Abbey, following the attack on Westminster Bridge two weeks ago, in London, Britain April 5, 2017 REUTERS/Hannah McKay
Melissa Cochran arrives at a Service of Hope at Westminster Abbey, following the attack on Westminster Bridge two weeks ago, in London, Britain April 5, 2017 REUTERS/Hannah McKay
Incoming Metropolitan Commissioner Cressida Dick, and Acting Commisioner Craig Mackey, arrive at a Service of Hope at Westminster Abbey, following the attack on Westminster Bridge two weeks ago, in London, Britain April 5, 2017 REUTERS/Hannah McKay
Jeremy Corbyn, leader of the Labour Party, arrives at a Service of Hope at Westminster Abbey, following the attack on Westminster Bridge two weeks ago, in London, Britain April 5, 2017 REUTERS/Hannah McKay
Britain's Prince William and Catherine, the Duchess of Cambridge, arrive at a Service of Hope at Westminster Abbey, following the attack on Westminster Bridge two weeks ago, in London, April 5, 2017 REUTERS/Hannah McKay
Britain's Prince William lays a wreath as they arrive at a Service of Hope at Westminster Abbey, following the attack on Westminster Bridge two weeks ago, in London, April 5, 2017 REUTERS/Hannah McKay
Britain's Prince William and Prince Harry, and Catherine, the Duchess of Cambridge, arrive at a Service of Hope at Westminster Abbey, following the attack on Westminster Bridge two weeks ago, in London, April 5, 2017 REUTERS/Hannah McKay
Britain's Catherine, the Duchess of Cambridge, arrives at a Service of Hope at Westminster Abbey, following the attack on Westminster Bridge two weeks ago, in London, April 5, 2017 REUTERS/Hannah McKay
Britain's Prince William and Prince Harry, and Catherine, the Duchess of Cambridge, arrive at a Service of Hope at Westminster Abbey, following the attack on Westminster Bridge two weeks ago, in London, April 5, 2017 REUTERS/Hannah McKay
Britain's Prince William and Catherine, the Duchess of Cambridge, arrive at a Service of Hope at Westminster Abbey, following the attack on Westminster Bridge two weeks ago, in London, April 5, 2017 REUTERS/Hannah McKay
Britain's Prince William and Catherine, the Duchess of Cambridge, arrive at a Service of Hope at Westminster Abbey, following the attack on Westminster Bridge two weeks ago, in London, April 5, 2017 REUTERS/Hannah McKay
LONDON Queen Elizabeth's grandsons Princes William and Harry joined relatives of four people killed in a deadly attack near the London parliament two weeks ago for a "Service of Hope" on Wednesday.
Khalid Masood, 52, ploughed a rented car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge killing three people and injuring dozens more before running through the gates of parliament and stabbing a police officer to death. They were then shot dead.
British police have said it was a terrorist attack but that Masood appeared to have been acting alone. All other suspects arrested in connection with the incident have now been released.
Families of the victims: U.S. tourist Kurt Cochran, 54, college worker Aysha Frade, 44, retired window cleaner Leslie Rhodes, 75 and Pc Keith Palmer, 48, joined Harry, William and their wife Kate for the service at Westminster Abbey, a stone's throw from the scene of the attack a fortnight ago.
"The violent assault two weeks ago against Londoners and visitors to this city from around the world and the killing of a police constable on duty at the Palace of Westminster have shocked people everywhere," said John Hall, the Dean of Westminster.
"Those killed and injured included Londoners but also people from the United States of America, from Romania, France, South Korea, Italy, China, Australia, Greece, Portugal, Germany, Poland and Ireland."
The congregation included those injured in the attack along with witnesses, those from the emergency services who were first on the scene and representatives from major religions.
William and British Home Secretary (interior minister) Amber Rudd gave the readings while London Mayor Sadiq Khan delivered one of the prayers.
Investigators believe Masood, a former violent criminal who had converted to Islam, had become self-radicalised by accessing extremist material on the internet. They said they had found nothing to link them to radical groups at home or militants abroad.
"What could possibly motivate a man to hire a car and take it from Birmingham to Brighton to London and then drive it fast at people they had never met, couldn't possible know, against who they had no personal grudge ... and then run at the gates of the Palace of Westminster to cause another death,?" Hall said.
"It seems likely that we shall never know. What on earth did they hope to achieve?"
(Reporting by Michael Holden; editing by Stephen Addison)
A helicopter pilot has died in a crash in North Yorkshire, police have confirmed.
A police spokesperson said: "One man, believed to be the pilot of the private aircraft, was pronounced dead at the scene. No further casualties have been reported.
Police near the scene in Aldborough, Boroughbridge where a helicopter crashed in a field. PA photo
"Officers have cordoned off the area and conducted a search of the area.
"Some officers remain at the scene and the Civil Aviation Authority is also at the scene, where it will carry out an investigation into the cause of the crash.
"North Yorkshire Police is not yet in a position to name the deceased."
Witnesses described an "enormous explosion" as the helicopter crashed in a crop field at Aldborough near Boroughbridge at about 1.30pm today.
The air ambulance at the scene
Emergency services were at the scene within minutes, as well as the Yorkshire Air Ambulance.
Fire crews from Boroughbridge, Knaresborough, Harrogate and Ripon attended, it is understood, along with the police and ambulance service.
Witness tells of 'enormous explosion' after helicopter dropped like a stone in crash near Harrogate
Police officers cordoned off the crash site and began to conduct a search of the area.
Police near the scene in Aldborough, Boroughbridge where a helicopter crashed in a field. PA photo
Witness Katie McCann, of London, who grew up in the village, said the crash took place behind Aldborough Hall.
They described what sounded like an "out of control plane or helicopter".
"Then I heard an enormous explosion," they said.
"[One man] said they had seen it. It was a red and white helicopter.
Superintendent David Hannan makes a statement to the press near the scene in Aldborough, Boroughbridge where a helicopter crashed in a field. Photo: PA
"He said it had climbed up into the cloud like it was trying to recover itself, and then dropped like a stone."
December 11, 2017 12:17 PM
The alleged terror attacker near the Port Authority Bus Terminal might have picked the most heavily policed part of New York City.
The white smoke had just wafted up from the subway grates when the cavalry came in. “Within two minutes, there were cops all over the place,” says Ralph Ledesma, just starting their work day as manager of Gourmet New York Marketplace on 43rd Street.
The influx wasn't surprising, says Ledesma, whose corner breakfast-and-sandwich spot is no stranger to the mounted police or Hercules counterterror teams assigned to these blocks. It's the heart of Manhattan. Thousands of commuters pop up from Port Authority and hustle to final destinations. Tourists look up at the sky above Times Square thinking only about cellphone pictures. Yet terror attacks there have been planned and foiled or went wrong.
On Monday morning, there was another one. Brooklyn resident Akayed Ullah, 27, who officials said detonated a low-tech device in the subway corridor between Times Square and the Port Authority, injured themselves and a handful of others before being taken into custody. Mayor Bill de Blasio said there were no further credible threats.
They and Gov. Andrew Cuomo made the usually correct and now awfully familiar statements about how New Yorkers wouldn't stop being New Yorkers. But Ledesma, an adopted New Yorker here over three decades from the Dominican Republic, said it a little more directly: “We're not gonna let these jerks ruin our lives.”
Commuters and New Yorkers were doing what they usually do on a Monday morning, moving on, and the emergency workers whose lives revolve around these permanent terror target blocks swarmed along an eerily pedestrian-free Eighth Avenue and did what they are there to do, too.
Mike Alasaad, 40, who manages the Chevys on 42nd Street, had been letting emergency personnel in and out all morning. That too wasn't unusual. NYPD officers often monitor the buildings and highly trafficked area from the roof and upper floors, they said.
Sign up for The Point Go inside New York politics. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Like Ledesma, Alasaad came from elsewhere. They were born in Kuwait. Their mother is Palestinian, and he's married to a Jewish woman they met in the United States. They were giving out free water and coffee to officers all morning. They already had gone through two cases of bottles by 10 a.m.
“They are hard workers,” they said about the officers, their constant neighbors, busy once again. “They need it.”
GQ, which stands for Gentlemen's Quarterly, ran a feature on “21 Books You Don't Have to Read.” Number 12 is the Bible:
The Holy Bible is rated very highly by all the people who supposedly live by it but who in actuality have not read it.
A liberal's fantasy.
Those who have read it know there are some good parts, but overall it is certainly not the finest thing that man has ever produced. It is repetitive, self-contradictory, sententious, foolish, and even at times ill-intentioned.
I'm guessing whoever wrote this hasn't actually read the Bible, or any substantial part thereof. Their or their comments–the article is credited to “the Editors of GQ,” possibly the country's second stupidest group after the editorial board of the New York Times–reflect a towering ignorance.
For what it's worth, the GQ board is right about some books you shouldn't bother to read–The Old Man and the Sea, which is shooting fish in a barrel, The Catcher In the Rye, The Ambassadors by Henry James, one of the worst writers who ever picked up a pen, Gravity's Rainbow by the utterly unreadable Thomas Pynchon, and perhaps one or two more. Notably, however, they don't include useless works like The Color Purple, which is inflicted on high school students much like The Old Man and the Sea.
On the other hand, GQ absurdly proscribes excellent books like Huckleberry Finn, about which the author of the article writes:
Mark Twain was a racist. Just read Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. They were a man of their time, so let's leave them there. We don't need him. If you want adventure, or misadventure, read The Adventures and Misadventures of Maqroll, by Alvaro Mutis.
Spoken like an ignorant liberal, the exact opposite of the truth. Suffice it to say that I won't be reading The Adventures and Misadventures of Magroll.
Other excellent books on GQ's Index Librorum Prohibitorum include Goodbye To All That, A Farewell to Arms, Gulliver's Travels and John Adams.
Happily, there is probably not a single person in the world who takes advice on books from GQ.
Via IJR. Because who actually reads Gentlemen's Quarterly?
Male cichlids that are constantly threatened by predators grow faster and postpone the full expression of conspicuous breeding coloration for longer. This is shown by a study by biologists from the University of Bonn. Thereby, the animals reduce their risk of becoming prey. However, at the peak of their sexual maturity the animals give up their retarded breeding coloration: Even under risky conditions, they then vie for their potential sexual partners with magnificent colors. The article appears in the journal The American Naturalist.
The African cichlid Pelvicachromis taeniatus certainly boasts magnificent coloration: In the females, a purple belly and a blue-green shimmering side stripe signal the onset of sexual maturity. The males however garner attention from potential sexual partners with bright orange and yellow shades. The striking coloration (evolutionary biologists also speak of "ornaments") has a significant disadvantage: It also catches the eye of potential predators. Biologists of the research group of Prof. Dr. Theo C.M. Bakker at the Institute of Evolutionary Biology and Animal Ecology at the University of Bonn have therefore investigated how the presence of predators affects the appearance of the fish.
To do so, they raised two groups of fish and observed them over a two-year period. In one of the two groups, they regularly added an extract obtained from conspecifics to the water. "When cichlids fall prey to a predator, alarm substances are released", explains Dr. Denis Meuthen, who has since moved to the University of Saskatchewan in Canada. "These alert other members of the same species of the imminent danger. The fish extract we used also contained such alarm substances."
Body size and paleness as life insurance
In all other aspects, the fish were kept under identical conditions. The researchers then took photographs of the cichlids at six different times during development and compared these with each other. The images revealed some differences between the two groups: The males grew faster in the supposed presence of predators. They also developed larger eyes and the spines of their dorsal fins were longer.
"We assume that the animals reduce their risk of ending up as a predator's meal this way", explains Dr. Timo Thünken. "Predatory fish have more difficulty catching larger prey with spiny fins and have problems swallowing them. Additionally, large eyes may help detect predators faster."
There was also another discovery: At the beginning of their sexual maturity, the males were more discreetly colored than their counterparts from the tank without alarm signals. This too was probably an adaptation to the supposedly increased risk of being eaten.
Surprisingly however, the differences were only present in males. The reason for this may be a consequence of the way of life of this cichlid species: The females deposit their eggs in breeding caves and care for them intensively. The males on the other hand tend to stay outside the caves and defend the surrounding area against rivals and egg predators. "They are therefore far more exposed and more likely to fall prey to an enemy", explains Thünken.
However, courtship coloration development was delayed in males. At approximately one year age, the animals from both groups had the same conspicuous color. "The ornaments are important social signals", explains Meuthen. "Towards one's own sex, conspicuous coloration is a signal of dominance. At the same time it attracts females looking for a mate." In other words: Less conspicuous males may live longer - but they often stay single.
###
The study was supported by the German Research Foundation (DFG).
Publication: D. Meuthen, S. A. Baldauf, T. C. M. Bakker, and T. Thünken: Neglected patterns of variation in phenotypic plasticity: Age- and sex-specific antipredator plasticity in a cichlid fish. The American Naturalist, DOI: 10.1086/696264
Contact:
Dr. Denis Meuthen
Department of Biology
University of Saskatchewan, Canada
denis.meuthen@usask.ca
Dr. Timo Thünken
Institute of Evolutionary Biology and Animal Ecology
University of Bonn
49-228-735114
tthuenken@evolution.uni-bonn.de
SALINE COUNTY — Law enforcement authorities are investigating a suspect on burglary charges.
Just after 3a.m. Thursday, the desk clerk at the Country Inn and Suites, 2760 South 9th in Salina received a call from someone claiming to have passed by on the interstate and saw a person with a flashlight out by the hotel's shed, according to Salina Police Captain Paul Forrester.
The desk clerk told police they had to take out the trash anyway, so they left the desk for a minute to investigate.
While walking back to the desk, the clerk said they saw a white passenger car speed off and they knew instantly that the phone report was a distraction. While the clerk was outside a suspect stole $360 from the cash register.
Capt. Forrester said that an officer in the area saw a white Honda Accord near the Casey's on the corner of Ninth and Magnolia. The officer determined that the driver did not have a valid license and made a traffic stop.
The officer found evidence of the burglary during the stop. Police recovered around $320, saying that Tanner Ireland purchased snacks and gas before authorities arrived.
A hotel supervisor informed police that Ireland was fired from the hotel a few weeks prior to the incident. Police booked them for one count of aggravated burglary and theft.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is planning to sign an executive order that seeks to make changes to a visa program that brings in high-skilled workers.
Trump is heading Tuesday to Kenosha, Wisconsin, where they plan to sign an order dubbed “Buy American, Hire American,” said administration officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity despite the president's frequent criticism of the use of anonymous sources.
The officials said the order, which Trump will sign at the headquarters of tool manufacturer Snap-on Inc., would direct the departments of Homeland Security, Justice, Labor and State to propose new rules to prevent immigration fraud and abuse. Those departments would also be asked to offer changes so that H-1B visas are awarded to the “most-skilled or highest-paid applicants.”
The White House said the program is currently undercutting American workers by bringing in cheaper labor and said some tech companies are using it to hire large numbers of workers and drive down wages.
Administration officials said the order also seeks to strengthen requirements that American-made products be used in certain federal construction projects, as well as in various federal transportation grant-funded projects. The officials said the commerce secretary will review how to close loopholes in enforcing the existing rules and provide recommendations to the president.
The order specifically asks the secretary to review waivers of these rules that exist in free-trade agreements. The administration said that if the waivers are not benefiting the United States they will be “renegotiated or revoked.”
During their campaign, Trump said at some points they supported high-skilled visas, then came out against them. At one debate, they called for fully ending the program, saying: “It's very bad for our workers and it's unfair for our workers. And we should end it.”
The officials said the changes could be administrative or legislative and could include higher fees for the visas, changing the wage scale for the program or other initiatives.
About 85,000 H-1B visas are distributed annually by lottery. Many go to technology companies, which argue that the United States has a shortage of skilled technology workers.
But critics say the program has been hijacked by staffing companies that use the visas to import foreigners — often from India — who will work for less than Americans. The staffing companies then sell their services to corporate clients who use them to outsource tech work.
Employers from Walt Disney World to the University of California in San Francisco have laid off their tech employees and replaced them with H-1B visa holders. Adding to the indignity: The U.S. workers are sometimes asked to train their replacements to qualify for severance packages.
On the planned order by Trump, Ronil Hira, a professor in public policy at Howard University and a critic of the H-1B program, said, “It's better than nothing.” But they added, “It's not as aggressive as it needs to be.”
The tech industry has argued that the H-1B program is needed because it encourages students to stay in the U.S. after getting degrees in high-tech specialties — and they can't always find enough American workers with the skills they need.
Congress is considering several bills to overhaul the visa program. One, introduced by Illinois Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin and Iowa Republican Sen. Chuck Grassley, would require companies seeking H-1B visas to first make a good-faith effort to hire Americans, a requirement many companies can dodge under the current system; give the Labor Department more power to investigate and sanction H-1B abuses; and give “the best and brightest” foreign students studying in the U.S. priority in getting H-1B visas.
Trump's stop at the world headquarters of Snap-on Inc. would come as the president faces an approval rating of just 41 percent in Wisconsin, a state they barely won in November. The visit also would take them to the congressional district of House Speaker Paul Ryan, who won't be joining the president because he's on a bipartisan congressional trip visiting NATO countries.
Trump has traveled to promote their agenda less than their recent predecessors. White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said Trump wanted to visit “a company that builds American-made tools with American workers.”
Trump carried Wisconsin in November by nearly 23,000 votes — less than 1 percentage point — making them the first Republican to win the state since 1984. They campaigned on the promise of returning manufacturing jobs that have been lost in Upper Midwest states.
Founded in Wisconsin in 1920, Snap-on makes hand and power tools, diagnostics software, information and management systems, and shop equipment for use in a variety of industries, including agriculture, the military and aviation. Its headquarters are in Kenosha and it has eight manufacturing sites in North America, including one in Milwaukee. The company employs about 11,000 people worldwide.
Online Mentorship Assignment Help to give by assignmenthelps.co.uk moves essentially from others. they require a swung to start by strategies for seeking after down the necessities of each and every customer's demand by then watch the fundamental honest to goodness individual with their skilled pool of specific producers to do the task. every individual author operational for uk of not too unpleasant UK and European country understands the particular deals for shocking, custom, on-line Law technique Writing support uk of sublime UK and European country that ought to be each stunning and absence of inventiveness free.
They even haven't got any essentialness to stay you among the dull and may life put you later with the competent prepared for making your custom work.
this edge you'll show your necessities particularly and give direction or feedback to ensure that your Writing uk of charming UK and European country keeps an eye out for the lion's offer of your issues. It'll even “strong” as if you have made it!Other firms giving uk of respectable UK and European country undertaking surrounding affiliations pass on each kind of cases. they foresee that prejudice will do and don't make any cases. to easily take after your needs and outfit you with the work you should need to start.
By The Associated Press
BC-BKW–Fairleigh Dickinson-Rutgers Box
RUTGERS 101, FAIRLEIGH DICKINSON 35
FAIRLEIGH DICKINSON (7-3)
Markovic 1-3 1-2 3, Comly 2-6 0-0 4, M'Bikata 1-2 0-0 2, Weimer 4-10 0-0 12, Zamora 1-6 0-0 3, Blankenship 2-6 0-0 6, Francillon 1-6 1-4 3, Saral 0-0 0-1 0, Stanley 0-1 0-0 0, Clark 0-2 0-0 0, Graham 1-4 0-0 2, Serrano-Ranz 0-0 0-0 0, Totals 13-46 2-7 35.
RUTGERS (10-2)
Carey 3-7 0-0 6, Harris 1-2 2-2 4, Fitzpatrick 0-4 2-2 2, Sanders 0-3 0-0 0, Scaife 10-16 2-2 25, Gilles 1-4 0-0 2, Jenkins 5-9 1-3 11, Mack 1-2 1-1 3, Keeling 1-1 0-0 2, Wallace 2-3 0-0 4, Cryor 5-8 2-2 15, Greene 4-6 0-0 9, Hill 3-6 0-0 8, Rollins 5-11 0-0 10, Totals 41-82 10-12 101.
Fairleigh Dickinson 15 5 10 5 —35 Rutgers 30 21 29 21 —101
3-Point Goals_Fairleigh Dickinson 7-19 (Comly 0-2, Weimer 4-8, Zamora 1-3, Blankenship 2-3, Francillon 0-2, Clark 0-1), Rutgers 9-21 (Fitzpatrick 0-3, Sanders 0-1, Scaife 3-6, Cryor 3-4, Greene 1-3, Hill 2-3, Rollins 0-1). Assists_Fairleigh Dickinson 11 (Weimer 4), Rutgers 25 (Sanders 5). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_Fairleigh Dickinson 24 (Francillon 5), Rutgers 54 (Jenkins 11). Total Fouls_Fairleigh Dickinson 14, Rutgers 14. A_1,508.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Hyderabad: Biotechnology pioneer Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw has not given much thought to the latest list of 100 rich persons in India in which they also figure, but says it reflects the state of the economy.
The chairperson and managing director of Bengaluru- headquartered Biocon Ltd, with a fortune of USD 2.16 billion, was placed at the 72nd position on Forbes magazine's annual 'India Rich List 2017'.
"A rich list is an annual map of wealth creation largely based on stock value and real estate. I don't give it much thought other than it reflects the state of the economy," they told PTI.
Reliance Industries chief Mukesh Ambani emerged as India's wealthiest for the 10th straight year as their net worth swelled to USD 38 billion (nearly Rs 2.5 lakh crore) while the wealth of 100 richest rose by 26 percent despite economic hiccups.
More than four-fifths of those who kept their spot on the list from last year saw their wealth rise, with 27 listees adding USD one billion or more to their net worth.
However, a dozen have turned poorer than a year ago, with half of them from the pharmaceutical sector, which has been plagued by challenges.
"Since there is volatility in both (stock value and real estate), the list sees gainers and losers," said Mazumdar-Shaw, who also holds key positions in various industry, educational, government and professional bodies.
As many as seven women, including O P Jindal group's chairperson Savitri Jindal, figure in the list.
New York Yankees' Aaron Hicks watches their RBI double during the sixth inning of the team's baseball game Houston Astros on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in New York. (AP Photo/Frank Franklin II)
New York Yankees' Aaron Hicks watches their RBI double during the sixth inning of the team's baseball game Houston Astros on Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in New York. (AP Photo/Frank Franklin II)
NEW YORK (AP) - Luis Severino struck out 11 in seven overpowering innings, beating longtime Yankees nemesis Dallas Keuchel for the second time this year as New York topped the Houston Astros 5-3 on Wednesday night.
Gary Sanchez snapped an 0-for-19 slump with a two-run single and the Yankees took two of three from the reigning World Series champions this week to win the season series 5-2. Houston defeated New York in the 2017 AL Championship Series, with the home team winning all seven games.
If these budding rivals meet again this year, it will be in October.
Severino (8-1) allowed four hits, including Max Stassi's two-run homer, and walked one in winning their sixth consecutive decision. The ace right-hander, who hasn't lost since April 10 at Boston, threw a five-hitter with 10 strikeouts for their first career complete game in a 4-0 victory over Keuchel at Houston on May 2.
David Robertson struck out two in a scoreless eighth and Aroldis Chapman got three outs for their 12th save in 13 chances. Stassi, subbing for injured catcher Brian McCann, hit an RBI double with two outs in the ninth before Chapman fanned George Springer to end it.
After dominating the Yankees for years, Keuchel (3-7) dropped their third straight start against them - including the playoffs. The left-hander gave up four runs and seven hits in five-plus innings.
Keuchel entered 6-4 with a 1.82 ERA and two complete games in 10 outings against New York, including three postseason starts.
The 2015 AL Cy Young Award winner walked two batters in the first inning, and center fielder Jake Marisnick made a diving catch on a sacrifice fly by slumping slugger Giancarlo Stanton.
Sanchez rolled a two-run single through an open right side with two outs in the fifth to put the Yankees ahead 3-2.
Gleyber Torres doubled to start the sixth and scored from third on Didi Gregorius' single through a drawn-in infield that chased Keuchel. Aaron Hicks looped an RBI double off Collin McHugh later in the inning that got past a diving Marwin Gonzalez in left field.
Severino retired their first 11 batters, striking out seven of their first nine, before AL MVP Jose Altuve bounced a single through a wide-open right side.
New York (35-17), which has won 17 of its last 21 at home, matched a season high at 18 games above .500. The Yankees are 14-4 against left-handed starters and have won 10 of their past 11 completed series.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Astros: Slumping SS Carlos Correa was back in the lineup after a night off, and Springer took their turn receiving a rest. Springer struck out as a pinch hitter with two on to end the seventh and stayed in the game to play center field. ... OF Derek Fisher (gastrointestinal discomfort) had a scheduled day off on their rehab assignment at Triple-A Fresno, manager AJ Hinch said. ... The team was awaiting an update on McCann (sore right knee) after they were examined by doctors in Houston.
Yankees: RHP Adam Warren, on the DL since April 21 with a back strain, threw 41 pitches over three scoreless innings in a rehab start for Double-A Trenton. They allowed one hit and struck out three. ... 1B Greg Bird was rested, leaving Gregorius as the only left-handed batter in the starting lineup against Keuchel.
UP NEXT
Astros: Return home to face another 2017 playoff opponent in Boston. RHP Lance McCullers Jr. (6-3, 3.98 ERA) starts the opener of a four-game series Thursday night against LHP Drew Pomeranz (1-2, 6.75 ERA).
Yankees: An 11-game road trip that takes them to four cities, although they finish up in New York against the crosstown rival Mets at Citi Field. RHP Sonny Gray (3-4, 5.98 ERA) tries to rebound from their latest disappointing start Thursday night in Baltimore. RHP Andrew Cashner (2-6, 5.07 ERA) goes for the last-place Orioles.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
THE Origin series may be done and dusted but there's still a game to be played and the Blues have a chance at history.
Only six teams in Origin series have pulled off the clean sweep with just two Blues sides (1986 and 2000) pulling it off.
KENT: Maroons have never been more dangerous
INJURY: Gillett out until finals
Nick Campton and Tim Williams, who have never clean swept anything, hash out the historical implications for Game III, chew the fat over the new Queensland side and touch on the club competition as well — namely, is Penrith's season on the ropes?
Pull up a chair and tee up some Ryan Girdler highlights (32 points, never forget) and enjoy the latest edition of the League Central podcast.
LISTEN! Nick Campton and Tim Williams hash out all the details of Origin III, ask who has the most to gain from the dead rubber and wonder if Penrith's season is on the ropes.
Subscribe to the League Central podcast on iTunes
Jacqueline Fernandez, who recently experimented with multiple variations out of a single outfit at the Dabangg Tour, has inspired many teenage girls off late.
The Race 3 actor opted for a single outfit by Falguni Shane Peacock and experimented it with multiple variations for all their performance.
Sharing the pictures of all the outfits, Jacqueline took to their social media saying, “One outfit, many ways!! 🌈🦄🌈 ✨ from Falguni Shane Peacock 📸 Ayo Henderson #DabanggTour #DabanggReloaded”.
Looking at this, many teenage girls got inspired by the style diva and experimented with their outfits too.
These female fans also took to their social media sharing pictures of how they have gone ahead and styled one single outfit with multiple variations. It was quite a fan affair where the girls have tagged Jacqueline and thanked them to be such an inspiration.
Jacqueline has always been an audience favourite be it for their style quotient or their killer dance moves.
The actor was recently seen treating their fans with stunning performances at the Dabangg Tour.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) - The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) confirmed to Sputnik on Tuesday that the organization's director-general, Ahmet Uzumcu, was tricked by Russian pranksters into discussing global chemical weapons incidents over the phone.
On Monday, Russian pranksters Vladimir Kuznetsov and Alexei Stolyarov (known as Vovan and Lexus), released a record of their conversation with who they claimed was Uzumcu. According to the record, one of the pranksters presented themselves as Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki and had a conversation with the OPCW chief on a number of issues, including the alleged chemical weapons attack in Duma and the Salisbury probe.
READ MORE: Western Media Would Believe Anything White Helmets Report – Italian Journalist
"Of course, it is unfortunate that this has occurred. The audio and the transcript demonstrate that the Director-General is extremely clear and consistent in their explanation of the important and expert work of the OPCW whether they are talking to OPCW Member States, a Prime Minister or a prankster," the statement read.
© AFP 2018 / Ben STANSALL LISTEN as OPCW Chief Allegedly Admits Skripal Poison Could Have Been Made Anywhere
The pranksters claimed that Uzumcu had told them that the A234 nerve agent, which was supposedly used to poison former Russian double agent Sergei Skripal in the UK town of Salisbury, could have been manufactured in any country with a high degree of chemistry expertise. As for the situation in Syria, Uzumcu said that Moscow was creating no obstacles for the OPCW experts in the Syrian town of Douma as they conduct work in the wake of an alleged chemical weapons attack earlier this month.
Citing a report available with it, a local media outlet reported Friday that Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) militants in Peshawar have been receiving monetary assistance from Afghan traders as well as various religious factions operating in the city.
The outlet reports that the families of these militants – some of whom killed in military operations in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa or put in jail – have sources of financial support within Peshawar and from across the border. Besides, some of the donations are used to procure arms from local factories.
The report reveals a startling level of IS influence in the city, whereby, the organisation is not only able to establish a media cell, but also distribute cash grants and sacrificial meat among families of the commanders and militants on Eidul Azha.
The outlet quoted sources as saying that an ISIS base camp was raided in Chamkani, Peshawar, resulting in several terrorists being killed and others nabbed; a list of sources of funds was also recovered.
The sources further said that a network of militants presenting themselves as traders was disrupted through intelligence-based operation, adding that presently, there are groups raising funds in Mardan and Charsadda, which are closed to being dismantled as well.
Bengaluru: The Garden City of India allegedly witnessed really shameful incidents on the night of 31st December.
From reported molestations to passing lewd remarks on women on street, the scenes at Bengaluru's MG Road and Brigade Road were really shocking and shameful. And, all this happened despite the 1,500 police officers deployed in these areas.
Hooligans in the garb of revellers molested and passed lewd remarks on women on the streets and forcing some of them to literally take off their stilettoes, according to a report in Bangalore Mirror.
Mass molestation
Revellers had gathered at MG Road and Brigade Road at 11 pm to welcome the new year but what these areas witnessed were mass molestation, shameful comments and what not.
The men were too many, and too unruly, according the Bangalore Mirror report.
Drunk hooligans
None of these arrangements made by Bengaluru Police were of any help to the women who became easy targets of drunk hooligans and unruly men.
According to an eyewitness, two women were accosted by a group of youth on MG Road.
Women cried for help
During crowd control exercise, many young women, some of them weeping, started to run towards women police officers, an eyewitness said.
Women who were caught in an unruly mob didn't have the protection of a helpful male friend or relative sought refuge with women cops on MG Road, another eyewitness added.
Bengaluru police had initially claimed to take all precautions to ensure an 'incident-free' New Year but these incidents made Bengaluru's head hang in shame.
(All above details are cited as per a report in Bangalore Mirror)
Could Alec Baldwin bring their “Saturday Night Live” Donald Trump impersonation to Broadway?
Speaking about their and Kurt Andersen's Trump-parody book “You Can't Spell America Without Me,” Baldwin, 59, said on Howard Stern's radio show Monday, “We may take the book and make it into a one-man show on Broadway . . . like Will Ferrell did the Bush thing,” referring to the former “Saturday Night Live” comic's “You're Welcome America: A Final Night with George W. Bush” in 2009.
“Not for very long, by the way,” the busy Baldwin added. Ferrell's show ran at the Cort Theatre from Jan. 20 to March 15, 2009, including previews.
Baldwin — who won their third Emmy Award this year, as Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series for their “SNL” impersonations of President Trump — said the company of the sketch comedy show's impresario, Lorne Michaels, owns the rights to their impression, and that Michaels would produce any such show.
Michaels, in fact, had had to give the authors “permission to write this book, which was up to them to do. . . . Lorne owns, my rendering of it is their intellectual property . . . as it should be,” said the Amityville-born and Massapequa-raised Baldwin. “His people wrote it, their people designed [it] — I just showed up.”
Baldwin's lauded lampoon of the president began on the Oct. 1, 2016, show, and has recurred about two dozen times.
NEW YORK (AP) — Bond yields climbed again on Wednesday and U.S. stocks held close to their record highs after more reports showed the economy continues to strengthen. The encouraging data could push the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates sooner rather than later in its gradual move away from record-low rates during the Great Recession.
KEEPING SCORE: The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 2 points, or 0.1 percent, to 23,340 as of 10:45 a.m. Eastern time. The index closed at a record high Tuesday after rising for the sixth straight day. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 63 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,567. The Nasdaq composite rose 11, or 0.2 percent, to 5,793.
Slightly more stocks fell than rose on the New York Stock Exchange.
ENCOURAGING ECONOMIC GAINS: Wednesday's economic reports give the Federal Reserve more encouragement to raise interest rates, and economists said the possibility is increasing that it may happen at the central bank's next meeting in March. Retailers had stronger sales in January than economists expected, and inflation at the consumer level was the highest in years. Consumer prices rose 2.5 percent in January from a year earlier, the highest rate since March 2012.
Advertisement
Fed Chair Janet Yellen said in testimony before a Senate committee on Tuesday that the strengthening job market and a modest move higher in inflation should warrant continued, gradual increases in interest rates. The central bank raised rates in December for just the second time in a decade, after keeping rates at nearly zero to help lift the economy out of the Great Recession. Yellen speaks before a House committee Wednesday.
BOND YIELDS: Treasury yields jumped immediately after the release of the retail sales and inflation reports. The 10-year yield rose to 2.51 percent from 2.47 percent late Tuesday. The 30-year yield rose to 3.10 percent from 3.06 percent.
DAMPENED DIVIDEND DEMAND: When bonds are paying more in interest, it can mean less demand from income investors for stocks that pay big dividends. Utility stocks, which are some of the biggest dividend payers, fell 1.1 percent, the largest loss among the 11 sectors that make up the S&P 500. Real-estate investment trusts, which are also go-to buys for dividend seekers, were weak as well.
POPPING: Procter & Gamble rose $2.74, or 3.1 percent, to $90.60 after activist investor Nelson Peltz's Trian Fund Management disclosed in a regulatory filing that it owns a stake in the company.
ALIGHTING: Airline stocks rose after Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway disclosed that it added to its investments in several of them.
Southwest Airlines rose $1.65, or 3 percent, to $56.96, Delta Air Lines rose $1.28, or 2.6 percent, to $51.14, United Continental rose $1.32, or 1.8 percent, to $75.06 and American Airlines rose 77 cents, or 1.6 percent, to $47.34.
SINKING: American International Group sank to the biggest loss in the S&P 500 after reporting a larger operating loss for the fourth quarter than analysts expected. It fell $6.10, or 9.1 percent, to $60.79.
PETRIFIED: Fossil Group plunged $4.02, or 17.6 percent, to $18.85. The watch and accessories company gave a profit forecast for 2017 that fell well short of analysts' predictions, and it said it may lose money.
GLOBAL MARKETS: In Europe, the German DAX index rose 0.1 percent, while the French CAC 40 rose 0.6 percent and the U.K.'s FTSE 100 added 0.4 percent. In Asia, Japan's Nikkei 225 index rose 1 percent, Hong Kong's Hang Seng rose 1.2 percent and the Kospi in South Korea gained 0.4 percent.
CURRENCIES: The strong U.S. economic reports helped lift the value of the dollar against many of its rivals. The dollar ticked up to 114.64 Japanese yen from 114.22 yen late Tuesday. The euro fell to $1.0557 from $1.0572, and the British pound dipped to $1.2411 from $1.2465.
COMMODITIES: Benchmark U.S. crude rose 20 cents to $53.44 a barrel. Brent crude, the international standard, gained 21 cents to $56.16 a barrel in London. Natural gas rose 4 cents to $2.95 per 1,000 cubic feet.
Gold slipped 30 cents to $1,225.10 per ounce, silver was close to flat at $17.89 per ounce and copper was flat at $2.74 per pound.
EXPAND with caution.
The AFL has invested heavily in the women's game, but last season the talent pool was diluted and as a result games lacked skill and large periods were an ugly scramble with teams struggling to score goals.
Many players simply did not look fit enough to produce a premium product.
There were more warning signs in Friday night's season opener with congestion throughout and no goals kicked by either team in the second half.
A big crowd is expected to pay the $2 entry to next Saturday's Fremantle-Collingwood game at Optus Stadium following strong attendances last season – games remain free apart from the Perth game so the fans will come given the AFL's massive marketing campaign.
Corporate Australia have also got behind the concept.
But with expansion scheduled for next season, the competition needs to improve.
There is no question the women are committed and have a go – their level of toughness was obvious last season.
Camera Icon Jasmine Garner of the Magpies is tackled by Nicola Stevens of the Blues. Picture: Getty Images
Many onlookers asked why they put themselves through such punishment. The reason they do is they love the game – women always have.
Now AFLW clubs have had a chance to assess the 2017 season, implement change and develop programs that can improve the overall product. That must happen this season as in 2019 and 2020 the talent will be spread even thinner.
In 2019 North Melbourne and Geelong enter the competition to take it to 10 teams and then in 2020 West Coast, Richmond, St Kilda and Gold Coast join the AFLW.
Clubs are well down the planning route, enticing young women into programs. West Coast are inviting the daughters of past players who qualify under father/daughter rules to take part in training programs to see if they have what it takes to make the grade.
But growing the game from nothing to 14 teams in four seasons is very risky. There is passion and professionalism but will the game go from strength to strength?
The responsibility of every club granted a licence is to not only develop talent on the field but to build commercial partnerships and a stable financial model by 2020.
One of the biggest challenges is what to charge spectators? They need to be very careful that they do not scare off the fans.
Other top-level domestic women's sport, played with much higher relative skill sets, do not get the crowds that the AFLW was able to attract last season, so they are already one step ahead, but at what cost?
Is the women's game going to make it more difficult financially for clubs or will it be a fiscal bonanza, with corporate partners outweighing the potential income through the turnstiles?
The game is televised on Channel 7 with most games on 7mate and it is important that it continues to be accessible to as many people as possible as not everyone can afford pay TV.
Playing the game in summer is an issue. The girls are toiling in tough conditions and once the AFLW season ends they return to their home states for the winter season.
Moving the AFLW to winter up against the men would be a mistake. Elite AFL talent curtain-raisers where the best young male players are on display struggle to draw a crowd, so I hate to think what would happen to the women's game if they ever shift it.
Susan Snyder has covered education for the Inquirer since 1998. They currently cover higher education. They were a member of the team that won the Pulitzer Prize for public service in 2012.
Co-led by Pennsylvania State University president Eric Barron, academic leaders from 31 universities met in Illinois on Monday and Tuesday to discuss ways to combat hazing, binge drinking, and other problems in their fraternity and sorority systems.
Also participating in the national gathering, called “Fraternities and Sororities: What Next,” were the presidents of Florida State University and Louisiana State University, where students died in hazing-related incidents this school year.
“We've come up with what we think are best practices for recruitment and pledging,” Barron said before boarding a plane back to Pennsylvania. “We'll work through that and see if we can get everybody to agree.”
They declined to release details until the platform is finished later this year and ready to be presented to presidents of various national groups for endorsement, including the 237-member Association of Public and Land-grant Universities.
The group also plans to pursue the creation of a national database on fraternities and sororities, including violations and suspensions, to keep schools and parents better informed, Barron said. There are about 12,000 fraternity and sorority chapters in the United States with more than 750,000 student members.
The meeting was cohosted by Penn State and the Universities of Iowa and Nebraska-Lincoln and held at the Big Ten Conference headquarters in Rosemont, Ill. Rutgers University also participated.
It came at the suggestion of Barron, who is helping steer Penn State through the tragic death of Tim Piazza. A sophomore engineering major from New Jersey, Piazza died in February 2017 after a booze-fueled party at the Beta Theta Pi fraternity, where hazing is alleged. Piazza drank copious amounts of alcohol and later fell down the stairs; no one called for help for nearly 12 hours.
Fourteen fraternity members have been bound over for trial in their death on charges include hazing, reckless endangerment, and furnishing alcohol to minors. Additional members could face a preliminary hearing on charges in their death next month.
The case has drawn national attention and resulted in a crackdown on Greek life at Penn State. The university permanently revoked recognition of Beta Theta Pi and implemented changes, including delaying the pledge process, taking over responsibility for monitoring and disciplining fraternities and sororities, and posting a Greek report card on its fraternities and sororities — which Barron said could serve as a model for a national database.
“Continued tragic deaths of students across the nation due to dangerous behaviors dramatically underscore that a culture shift in fraternities and sororities is needed,” Barron said.
Barron and the presidents of Florida State and Louisiana State shared with the group of more than 50 provosts, presidents, and student-life leaders the impact of the fraternity-related deaths on their campuses and what they have learned.
They also discussed the value that fraternities and sororities provide and a problem that often gets little attention — the lack of diversity in fraternities and sororities.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
ROCK TAVERN, N.Y. (AP) — Every Oscar fist-pumped or tearfully cradled by Academy Award winners is first cast, buffed and fussed over at a foundry far from Hollywood.
Workers at the Polich Tallix fine art foundry, about 50 miles north of New York City, began work in late September on the awards to be handed out Feb. 26. Each of the 60 Oscars shipped from the hangar-like production floor is 13½ inches tall with the same distinctive Art Deco features polished to a mirror finish. Each glossy black base lacks only a winner's nameplate, which is added after the ceremony.
Polich Tallix, which began making the awards last year, tweaked the look of the stylized knight with an eye toward the original statuettes handed out in 1929. The path of these new statues from a small town in upstate New York to center stage in Hollywood might not be the stuff of movies.
But it's worth a close-up.
___
CASTING CALL
Every Oscar starts with a version made of wax, which is repeatedly dipped into a cream-colored ceramic slurry. The ceramic hardens and the wax is melted out to make way for molten bronze. What's left once the ceramic mold is chipped away is a sort of rough-hewn version of the elegant icon.
John Menzie and other workers make sure every surface detail — from Oscar's hairline to the film reel it stands on — is hand-sanded and polished to a fine finish.
Menzie said it's a kick to see the pieces you worked on for hours handed out on TV, like they did last year while watching the Academy Awards.
“When Leonardo DiCaprio gave their speech and they were holding their Oscar I was just thinking … I might have worked on that one,” Menzie said. “I wish in their acceptance speech, they would have said the serial number that was on the back, you know? So I could say, “That's the one I worked on!'”
___
BEST VISUAL EFFECTS
When Polich Tallix took over production from a Chicago company, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences asked the foundry to create a statue truer to the original. Foundry artist Daniel Plonski made 3-D scans of an early statue and a recent statue, and took desired qualities from each for the newest iteration. Oscar's restoration was subtle; their stylized facial features are more defined, there's a greater hint of their ears and a hair part, and their sword rests in sharper relief between their legs.
“The trick was not to make it too shockingly different,” Plonski said.
The most substantial difference is one people don't see. The statue is once again cast in bronze, instead of a pewter-like alloy.
___
AND THE AWARD GOES TO .
The statues are shipped to Brooklyn for 24-karat-gold electroplating at Epner Technology, which also is in its second year of Oscar making.
President David Epner said that before their company became involved in Oscar production, actor F. Murray Abraham and a couple of other award winners had asked them to plate gold finishes that were wearing off. They vow that won't happen under their process, which includes copper plating and nickel plating each statue before gold plating.
“The gold is guaranteed — not for the life of the recipient, but for the life of the statue,” Epner said
Polich Tallix has one more task after the nominees are announced: making a nameplate for each possible winner. The award winners are handed an Oscar on stage with no nameplate on it. Winners can later take their statue to a table backstage to get their nameplate affixed.
The unused plates are destroyed.
HUNTSVILLE, Ala. (AP) — Alabama Democrats see Tuesday's special Senate election as a chance to renounce a history littered with politicians whose race-baiting, bombast and other baggage have long soiled the state's reputation beyond its borders.
Many Republicans see the vote as chance to ratify their conservative values and protect President Donald Trump's agenda ahead of the 2018 midterm elections.
At the center are Republican Roy Moore, a former jurist twice removed as state chief justice and now accused of sexual misconduct with teenage girls decades ago, and Democrat Doug Jones, an erstwhile federal prosecutor best known for prosecuting two Ku Klux Klansmen responsible for killing four black girls in the 1963 bombing of Birmingham's 16th Street Baptist Church.
The winner will take the seat held previously by Trump's attorney general, Jeff Sessions. Republicans control the Senate with 52 seats.
In truth, the matchup mixes both Alabama's tortured history and the nation's current divisive, bitterly partisan politics, and it has made a spectacle of a Deep South state well acquainted with national scrutiny but not accustomed to competitive general elections.
“This is an election to tell the whole world what we stand for,” Jones told supporters at one stop Sunday, adding that their campaign “is on the right side of history.” At an earlier appearance, they declared Alabama is “at a crossroads” and that Moore, an unapologetic evangelical populist, tries only to “create conflict and division.”
Jones, 63, stops short of explicitly comparing Moore to the four-term Gov. George Wallace, whose populism was rooted in segregation. But Jones alluded Sunday to that era of Alabama politics.
“Elect a responsible man to a responsible office,” Jones said, repeating the campaign slogan of another Alabama governor, Albert Brewer, who nearly defeated Wallace in 1970 in a contest Alabama liberals and many moderates still lament as a lost opportunity.
Some of Jones' supporters put it even more bluntly. “I thought Alabama's image was pretty much at the bottom,” said Pat Lawrence, a retired software engineer in Huntsville. A Moore win, Lawrence added, “will be a whole new bottom.”
Those concerns extend even to some GOP quarters. Alabama's senior senator, Richard Shelby, confirmed Sunday that they did not vote for Moore, saying they wrote in another “distinguished” party figure they declined to name.
Yet for many Republicans, Moore is a paragon of traditional values. They reject accusations that they molested two teenage girls and pursued relationships with others decades ago. Moore denies the charges.
“Everyone has to vote their convictions,” said Kevin Mims of Montgomery, as they held their Bible outside their Baptist church Sunday in Montgomery. “My conviction is he's the right man for the job.”
Where Moore's critics see a state judge who defied federal courts, including the U.S. Supreme Court's decision legalizing same-sex marriage, Mims sees a stalwart who stands “on the word of God.” Other conservatives see an anti-establishment firebrand in the mold of Trump, who won Alabama by 28 percentage points.
Moore encourages that view with fundraising emails that urge backers to help them “defeat the elite,” a swipe at both Democrats and the establishment Republicans who tried to deny them the GOP nomination earlier this year.
Ultimately, Republicans from Moore to Trump themselves are betting on a simple bottom line: Most Alabama conservatives simply won't defect to a Democrat.
“If Alabama elects liberal Democrat Doug Jones, all of our progress will be stopped cold,” Trump says in a robocall the Moore campaign plans to push out Monday.
The president also invokes a common fear among Republicans, calling Jones “a puppet of Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer,” the Democratic House and Senate leaders in Washington, both of them reviled by conservative voters. “Roy Moore is the guy we need to pass our Make American Great Again agenda,” the president insists.
Moore's baggage could make it difficult to draw conclusions about what the results might mean beyond Alabama, but both parties are watching closely.
Democrats need to flip 24 GOP-held seats to reclaim a House majority, and they're trying to dent the slim Republican advantage in the Senate and its dominance of statehouses around the country. In many of those races, they'll need the same thing Jones must get to win in Alabama: strong turnout among young and non-white voters, along with improved performance among suburban moderates.
A Jones victory would be hailed as a potential precursor, and Democrats have indicated they have a post-Alabama strategy even if Jones loses: They'll take Alabama's brand national, hammering Republicans as “the party of Donald Trump and Roy Moore.”
Market Scenario:
KUKA AG (Germany) is one of the major company in the global mobile controlled robots market. The company offers numerous robots designing & training especially for schools, universities and other educational institutes. It has manufactured a wide range of robot systems in industrial segment, robot controllers and others. Lockheed Martin is the prominent player in global mobile controlled robots. The company has designed varied types of robot into aerospace and defense services.
The Mobile Controlled Robots Market can be segmented on the basis of components, environment and end-user. By components the mobile controlled robots market consists of hardware and software. By hardware it consists of dual tone multiple frequency decoder, microcontroller and motor driver/controller. All kinds of dual tone multiple frequency decoder is used for decoding and detecting the 16 bit DTMF tone pairs to get 4 bit code as an output. IR sensors are used to detect the obstacle in the path of robots if it goes beyond the line of sight. It can be used to detect the infrared light from far distance and able to sense movement that makes them ideal for security purpose.
The study indicates the wireless technology such as wifi, bluetooth and radio frequency is fuelling the mobile controlled robots market. The continuous advancement in mobile technology is one of the significant reason boosting the mobile controlled robot market. According to the study, healthcare and pharmaceutical industry is expected to grow at the highest CAGR. The study indicates by environment ground accounts for large adoption of mobile controlled robots. In robotic process automation market by component segment, hardware acquires the largest market share.
Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/4169
Major Key Players:
iRobot Corporation (U.S.)
KUKA AG (Germany)
Lockheed Martin (U.S.)
Google, Inc. (U.S.)
Bluefin Robotics Corporation (U.S.)
Adept Technology, Inc. (U.S.)
GeckoSystems Intl. Corp. (U.S.)
Northrop Grumman Corporation (U.S.)
ECA Group (France)
Honda Motor Co., Ltd. (Japan)
The Mobile Controlled Robots Market is expected to grow at approximately USD 8 Billion by 2023, at 15% of CAGR between 2017 and 2023.
Regional Analysis:
North America region accounts for largest share in Mobile Controlled Robots Market owing to high development in field of technology and presence of developed countries. Europe is one of the prominent player in the market of robotic process automation. Countries such as U.K., Germany and Italy are the major contributors in the market growth due to the rich manufacturing and automotive industry.
Asia-Pacific is expected to emerge as fastest growing market during the forecast period. Development of Asian countries and demand for consumer electronic products is forcing the manufacturers to adopt a cost effective technology in the manufacturing process.
Segments:
Mobile Controlled Robots market is segmented on the basis of components, environment and end-user.
Mobile Controlled Robots Market by Components:
Hardware
Software
Services
Mobile Controlled Robots Market by Environment:
Aerial
Ground
Marine
Mobile Controlled Robots Market by End-User:
Healthcare
Warehousing & Logistics
Transportation
Others
Browse Full Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/mobile-controlled-robots-market-4169
Intended Audience:
Investors and consultants
System Integrators
Government Organizations
Research/Consultancy firms
Technology solution providers
IT Solution Providers
Original Equipment Manufacturers
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 524/528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
A look at what's happening all around the majors Thursday:
___
SURGING SALE
Red Sox ace Chris Sale goes for their eighth straight win and ninth of the season in the finale of a three-game series at Philadelphia. It would tie Sale, 7-0 in their last eight starts, with Houston's Dallas Keuchel (9-0), Kansas City's Jason Vargas (9-3) and the Los Angeles Dodgers' Clayton Kershaw (9-2) for the major league lead in wins.
STAYING UNBEATEN
Colorado rookie Jeff Hoffman will look for their fifth straight win when the Rockies host San Francisco in the opener of a seven-game homestand. Hoffman is 4-0 with a 2.10 ERA in four starts.
SIXTH MAN
With the New York Mets using a six-man rotation during a long stretch between days off, Robert Gsellman gets another start in the opener of a four-game series against NL East-leading Washington. After making two relief appearances, the rookie right-hander is 3-0 with a 2.16 ERA in four starts. They face Nationals lefty Gio Gonzalez, who is 9-1 with a 1.62 ERA in 14 starts at Citi Field.
FIRST START
Matt Strahm makes their first career start in the opener of Kansas City's four-game series at the Los Angeles Angels. The left-hander was 1-3 with a 4.05 ERA in 20 appearances out of the bullpen this season.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
click to enlarge Dustin Waters
Mayor John Tecklenburg during a campaign event in 2015
AP Headline: "All of a sudden, SC governor's race set to have incumbent in 2018"
An office move gets a little more complicated when you're Congressman Joe Wilson, "probably one of the most notorious collectors," says the P&C. Source: P&C
State archivists are hoping for $200,000 to help restore state constitutions. Source: P&C
$38 million: The total amount the State Ports Authority will net for its Cooper River offices when they're sold to a California-based hotel developer. Source: P&C
As efforts to revamp Medicare continue, Charleston is one of the test markets for a new approach to cardiac care. Source: AP
From Tent City to I-526, Charleston Mayor John Tecklenburg reflects on their first year in office succeeding Mayor Joe Riley. Source: P&C
A few new state laws went into effect on Jan. 1, 2017, including tweaks to the North-South Carolina border. Source: The State
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) — Republican Roy Moore is casting themselves as a victim in the Alabama U.S. Senate race.
In a call to a conservative talk radio show in Montgomery on Monday, Moore took aim at a political group called Highway 31, which has run ads hammering Moore over alleged sexual misconduct involving teen girls. The group hasn't disclosed its donors as it supports Democrat Doug Jones.
Moore says the ads have been “ugly.” They lament the tone of the campaign and says he's been the recipient of vicious, unfounded attacks.
Still, Moore is expressing confidence in Tuesday's outcome.
They also claimed a potential surprising variable: support within the black community that leans overwhelmingly Democratic in Alabama.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A new 20-mile-long concrete safety barrier on the M6 in Cheshire is nearing completion as part of a £274 million project to upgrade the route to a smart motorway.
The Highways England schemes between junction 16 at Crewe and junction 19 at Knutsford will see the hard shoulder converted to a permanent extra lane, and new variable speed limits will help to tackle congestion and keep traffic flowing.
Around 5,000 concrete blocks have been lifted into place, using giant claws on an excavator, to create the new safety barrier in the central reservation.
Each block is six metres long and weighs around four tonnes – equivalent to the weight of two 4x4 vehicles.
Contractors have already completed the stretch of new barrier between junctions 17 and 19, and are now working on the hard shoulder.
The remaining section of barrier between junctions 16 and 17 is due to be finished in the next few weeks, with some overnight closures required to alter the temporary road layout and move the construction area to the hard shoulder.
Highways England's senior smart motorway manager for the North Mike Bull said: “The smart motorway upgrade on the M6 is one of the biggest construction projects currently taking place in the North, and I'm pleased we're now reaching a major milestone with the new safety barrier.
(Image: UGC)
“When the smart motorway goes live, the 118,000 drivers who use the route every day will benefit from an extra lane in each direction – increasing capacity by a third. We'll also be introducing variable speed limits to keep traffic moving at a steady speed and tackle the stop/start conditions and tailbacks caused by sudden braking.
“We are doing everything we can to minimise disruption while the work takes place, keeping the same number of lanes open in each direction during the day, and will only close part of the motorway overnight when traffic levels are much lower.”
The new safety barrier will reduce the risk of vehicles crossing on to the opposite carriageway in collisions and is likely to require fewer repairs, cutting the need for lane closures.
The concrete blocks are created by pouring concrete into an upside down mould.
They take up to 18 hours to set before being struck from the mould, ready for delivery.
Around 300 people are currently working on the project to upgrade the M6 to a smart motorway through Cheshire.
Work has also been taking place to create new emergency areas, install foundations for overhead gantries, improve drainage, repair bridges and carry out resurfacing.
When the scheme is complete, 258 electronic signs will be used to alert drivers to changes in the speed limit, lane closures and incidents ahead.
A total of 70 CCTV cameras will also be installed to provide 100% coverage of the route and allow Highways England's traffic officers and the emergency services to respond quickly to incidents.
And 18 emergency areas will be built to provide drivers with a safer place to stop if they break down.
A similar smart motorway scheme on a stretch of the M62 in West Yorkshire, which was completed in 2013, has resulted in commuters saving around 30 minutes each week.
The southbound carriageway on the M6 will be closed overnight between junctions 18 and 17 on Friday, August 11 and the northbound carriageway will be closed overnight between the same junctions on Saturday, August 12.
The closures will take place between 10pm and 8am as part of the work to move the construction area to the hard shoulder, and a clearly-signed diversion will be in place.
The Cheshire smart motorway project is due to be completed by the end of March 2019.
More details on the scheme, including information about planned overnight closures, are available at www.highways.gov.uk/M6j16-19smart
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Roundabouts are starting to take hold here in Montana, replacing stop signs and traffic lights. Allowing drivers to continue the flow of traffic.
The Federal Highway Administration said roundabouts reduce the number of car accidents with serious injuries or fatalities at intersections up to 82 percent.
"They see it they notice it they slow down for it they reduce their speed by to about 15 to 25 miles per hour then they look to the left an proceed to the round about when It's safe to do so," said Dwane Kailey, Highways and Engineering Administrator Montana Department of Transportation.
They added roundabouts can also be used at intersections on highways. In fact next spring the D.O.T will be starting a 3 million dollar construction project east of Grass Range on Highway 87. Which will be much larger than roundabouts in town. Kailey said roundabouts in Billings will pop up soon as well.
Pulaski County will holds its annual July 4th Veterans Remembrance Ceremony today. Several local veteran organizations, boy and girl scout troops and the Wilderness Road Chorus will take part. Several members of the armed forces will be recognized at the ceremony. It will conclude with a 21 gun salute and the playing of Taps at the Old Historic Pulaski County Courthouse. The ceremony begins at 12:30 p.m. at the Historic Pulaski Theatre.
Runners will lace up their shoes for Four on the 4th. It's a fundraiser for The Boys and Girls Club of Southwest Virginia. The 4-mile run and walk starts in downtown Roanoke. The race begins this morning at 8 a.m. at Wells Fargo Plaza. You can register on-site this morning starting at 6:30 a.m.
[Notes:see email]
A crowdfunding campaign kicks off today for the new Statue of Liberty Museum on Liberty Island in New York. It will look at how the statue has evolved from a national monument to a global icon and will house the original torch. The museum is scheduled to open in May of next year.
A donation campaign, helping paralyzed veterans, kicks off today. Retail supermarket chain Food City, will allow you to donate to Paralyzed Veterans of America when checking out. It runs through the end of the month.
If you need help at the grill, LongHorn Steakhouse may be able to help as it opens its GRILL US Hotline. Between 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. today, you can call 855-LH-GRILL. Certified Grill Masters will be there to help you out. You can also chat on social media.
Because of fireworks in Danville tonight, you can expect changes to traffic in Danville. Starting at 2 p.m., one southbound lane of the Martin Luther King Memorial Bridge will be closed. All lanes will close at 8 p.m. with the pedestrian bridge closing at 9 p.m. To get to Carrington Pavilion, you are asked to use Union Street Bridge or Industrial Avenue.
The Town of Buchanan holds its annual Fourth of July Parade today. Main Street will close at 4 p.m. with the parade starting at 5 p.m. The town is also having its annual Chicken BBQ. You can pick up meals to go starting at 11 a.m. at Buchanan Town Park. The community carnival continues today with rides open from 6:30 p.m. to 10:30 p.m. Fireworks will be shot off at 10 p.m.
Today is the last day for turbo prop planes to take off from the Roanoke Blacksburg Regional Airport. Piedmont Airlines, which operates as American Eagele, is replacing its fleet of DASH-8 turboprops with Embraer 145 regional jets.
Mill Mountain Zoo will celebrate our nation's anniversary by offering 50 percent off admission today. The zoo has 160 animals and brings in 50,000 regional and out-of-state visitors each year, in addition to 15,000 school children.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
ROSWELL, N.M. (AP) — 6:45 a.m. Roswell police say a suspect who shot at a police officer was wounded by the officer's return fire. Police say the officer was not struck or injured in the incident early Wednesday morning outside a motel.
Police Department spokesperson Todd Wildermuth says the suspect was taken to a hospital.
No additional information was immediately available on the condition of the suspect or the circumstances of the incident.
Wildermuth says several law enforcement agencies are investigating the incident.
There are plenlty of events on the calendar in Denver this week. From lectures to rodeos, there is something for everyone. If you love dressing up, partying, laughing, singing your heart out or volunteering, this week will leave you with a lot to do and experience. This is the time to follow through with your new year's resolutions and celebrate 2017.
Monday, January 2
Bachelor Babes and Beer
When: January 2, 6 p.m. to 10 p.m.
Where: Brewability Lab, 12445 E 39th Ave #314, Denver
Cost: Free
The Lowdown: Are you a fan of ABC's “The Bachelor”? Well, Brewability Lab is screening the premiere episode of Season 21. This season features two-time runner-up on season 10 and 11 of “The Bachelorette,” 36-year-old Nick Viall. Join the party in your best “first impressions” outfit – your slickest tuxedo or your most pristine gown – and receive a “first impression” rose. The night will run like an episode of “The Bachelor” as score cards will be provided to vote for who stays and who goes. Join the suspense every Monday night and see if you'll be crowned the next bachelor or bachelorette.
Tuesday, January 3
Wellness Workshop: The ART of SLEEP
When: January 3, 6 p.m. to 7:15 p.m.
Where: Center Strength Studios, 1000 S Gaylord St, Denver
Cost: Varies
Tickets: Available Here
The Lowdown: Ellie Kempton is a holistic nutritionist who believes the food we eat tells us something fundamental about who we are. Them career is guided by the mission to provide “clarity in choosing the right foods” for your body and teach you to listen to what your body is telling you. Kempton will help you develop a step-by-step plan to build a sleep routine that works for you. Get ready to troubleshoot with art and science and incorporate the necessary nutrients you need to get the sleep that you deserve.
Wednesday, January 4
January Series
When: Jan. 4 through Jan. 24, Monday through Friday, 10:30 a.m. to 11:30 a.m.
Where: Denver Christian Schools, 3898 S. Teller St., Denver
Cost: Free
The Lowdown: “January Series” at Calvin College is a series of lectures that offer informed perspectives on a wide range of topics and issues such as global governance, human rights, race relations, healthcare reform and the gender gap in technology. The 30th anniversary will feature presenters such as Doris Kearns Goodwin, Gary Haugen, and Matthew Desmond. This event will be hosted and broadcasted by the Denver Christian Schools, as one of the 50 remote webcast locations in the world. If you're open to acquiring a deeper understanding of various issues, having your views challenged and learning how to make a difference, then be sure to attend this award-winning series.
Joe Zimmerman
When: January 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 8 p.m.
Where: Comedy Works Downtown in Larimer Square, 1226 15th St., Denver
Cost: Wed/Thurs/Sun $14, Fri/Sat $22
Tickets: Available Here
The Lowdown: If you are needed of a good laugh then be sure to see the fun-loving, Joe Zimmerman. Their debut album Smiling at Wolves reached number two on the iTunes Comedy charts and they made their Comedy Central debut on John Oliver's New York Stand-Up Show. Other credits include performing on “The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson,” “Conan”, “Last Comic Standing”, and Nickelodeon's “NickMom Night Out.” Their Comedy Central half-hour special is available on Hulu. They can currently be heard as a host on the podcast “Universe City” that pairs comedy with science.
Thursday, January 5
Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Fundraiser
When: January 5, 7 p.m. to 10 p.m.
Where: Harkins Theater Northfield Stapelton, The Shops At Northfield Stapleton, 8300 Northfield Boulevard, Denver
Cost: $10
Tickets: Available Here
The Lowdown: Star Wars became one of the most classic and iconic cult franchises when the first film debuted in 1977. With countless merchandise, animated series and a strong presence at all Disney parks, this brand continues to strike a strong interest and nostalgic chord with its fans – from the smallest child who dreams of becoming a Jedi, to a grown adult who remembers seeing the first film in theaters as a child. Admission includes a medium popcorn and soda. Doors open at 6 p.m. and the movie will begin at 7 p.m. All proceeds go to Food Bank of the Rockies. May the force be with you.
Friday, January 6
Off the Clock: Vintage Victorian
When: January 6, 6 p.m. to 9:30 p.m.
Where: Denver Botanic Gardens, 1007 York St, Denver
Cost: Advance Tickets: $15 Members, $18 Non-members; Door Tickets: $20 Members, $23 Non-members
Tickets: Available Here
The Lowdown: The Victorian Era took place during the reign of Queen Victoria 1837-1901. It was a period of peace, prosperity and defined a sense of national self-confidence for the UK. By popular demand, the Denver Botanic Gardens is bringing back this iconic age by merging botany and floral elements with classic melodies provided by the Denver Brass. You'll learn historical dances with Adventures in Dance, learn about orchids from the research and conservation team and explore the observatory after dark. Come in your best attire, enter in the costume contest and have a grand old time.
Stoney's Lip Sync Battle
When: January 6, 9 p.m. to 12 a.m.
Where: Stoney's Bar and Grill, 1111 Lincoln St, Denver
Cost: Free
The Lowdown: Stoney's Bar & Grill is a locally owned Colorado themed sports and music bar located in the heart of Denver. Now open in two locations, no matter where you are in Downtown Denver, Stoney's has you covered. If you love to burst out in song and wear crazy costumes, then this lip sync battle is perfect for you. Where else can you find karaoke, alcohol and food, plus cash prizes ranging from $100-$1000? Stoney's is the place to be. Get ready to battle and see who makes it to the final round.
Saturday, January 7
50 First Jokes Denver 2017
When: January 7, 8 p.m. to 9:30 p.m.
Where: The Bug Theatre, 3654 Navajo St, Denver
Cost: $11.59
Tickets: Available Here
The Lowdown: The Bug Theatre presents the third annual 50 First Jokes Denver. The event will be hosted by the dynamic duo, Timmy Lasley and Mara Wiles. This year's lineup includes Josh Blue, Adam Cayton-Holland, Kristin Rand, Ben Roy, and others. Each comedian will tell their first joke of the new year. All of their jokes will be written after the clock strikes midnight on New Years and won't be told until they're staged in front of you. Don't miss this once-a-year event that will have you sprawled out on the floor laughing. Doors open at 7 p.m. and the show will start promptly at 8 p.m.
Fit for Pulse: LGBT Bootcamp to Support Victims
When: January 7, 10 a.m. to 11 a.m.
Where: Cheesman Park Pavillion, 1599 8th Ave, Denver
Cost: Free
The Lowdown: On the night of June 11, 2016, the largest massacre in United States history took place at Pulse Nightclub in Orlando, Florida. Many LGBTQ+ members and advocates woke up the next day with terror and sadness. But what came afterwards, was a stronger understanding of community, as well as fundraisers and campaigns to rally support for those who were affected and their friends and families. Stonewall Fitness is hosting this bootcamp to raise money and all proceeds will go directly to OneOrlando, a non-profit organization created to support the victims and Pulse Nightclub. Cash donations are highly encouraged. Bring your workout gear and sweat for a good cause.
Sunday, January 8
National Western Stock Show: Mexican Rodeo Extravaganza
When: January 8, 2 p.m. to 9:30 p.m.
Where: National Western Stock Show, 4655 Humboldt St., Denver
Cost: $30-$65
Tickets: Available Here
The Lowdown: The National Western Stock Show provides many educational opportunities and commits itself to serving producers and consumers around the world. It is known to host the world's premier Stock Shows, Rodeos, and Horse Shows. It serves as the center for year-round events, including Colorado's largest trade show every January. The Mexican rodeo is a cultural pageant that consists of bull riding, bareback riding, trick roping and Mariachis. It will host by Jerry Diaz, a fourth-generation champion charro. Grab your cowboy boots and hat, and mosey on down to this extravaganza.
Impact – Clothing for the Homeless
When: January 8, 12 p.m. to 3 p.m.
Where: Cervantes Masterpiece Ballroom, 2635 Welton St., Denver
Donation: $10 Individual, $20 Family
Donate Remotely: Available Here
The Lowdown: Impact was founded by Travis Smith in 2010. Originally fueled by a few friends, who wanted to make a difference in their respective communities, they provided sack lunches for the homeless population in the Denver Metro area. This group has certainly grown over the years, and are now able to provide the necessary help for those in need. Their mission is to inspire people to get involved and help their homeless communities. This event will center around volunteers giving out shirts, shoes, socks, jeans, jackets, backpacks, and sleeping bags to the homeless. Because Impact doesn't receive large funding, donations are highly encouraged in order to keep them running.
Mark Your Calendars
Mozart's Dirty Parts Live Stand Up Comedy Show
When: January 9, 8 p.m. to 10 p.m.
Where: Mozart's Denver, 1417 Krameria St, Denver, Colorado 80220
Cost: Free
Denver Film Society: Buddhism in Film
When: January 10, 17, 24, 31, 7 p.m.
Where: Sie Film Center, 2510 East Colfax, Denver
Cost: Free
Ain't Nobody's Business Lobby Exhibit – Opening Reception
When: January 11, 5:30 p.m. to 7:30 p.m.
Where: GLBT Community Center of Colorado, 1301 E Colfax Ave, Denver
Cost: Free
The Rockingham Raptors Teeball Associations U/9s returned were State champions in their age group.
The Rockingham Raptors Teeball Associations U/9s returned were State champions in their age group. Picture: Harmony Crouch.
The Rockingham Raptors District TeeBall Association under-nines returned from the Tee-Ball Association of WA's 2018 State Championships victorious earlier this month, beating Wanneroo-Joondalup 17-7 in the grand final.
The Raptors sent five teams — from under-nines to under-13s — to the event, which was held at Langley Park over the Labour Day long weekend.
More than 80 teams from across WA competed, with 15 in the under-nines competition.
Rockingham Raptors president Harmony Crouch said they believed it had been more than two decades since the association had had a win at the State Championships.
“We believe it has been 22 years as online records have only been kept since 2004,” they said. “We're so incredibly proud. These 12 players aged only six, seven, and eight showed so much maturity and composure throughout.”
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
You may have passed by the Dikeou Collection's pop-up location on Colfax without noticing it, but beginning this weekend, there is a great new reason to find and explore the hidden gallery. London-based artist Sarah Staton will showcase SupaStore Human: We Are the Product, a mini art market with items for sale opening to the public on December 15 and running through February 2018. SupaStore is a series that has been evolving for two decades, where Staton curates a “store” setting for art pieces created by artists of their choosing.
More than 100 artists, ranging in talent from amateur to well-established practician, have been involved in Staton's SupaStore over the years, and different iterations of the shop have been installed all over the world. The Denver edition of SupaStore is called Human: We Are the Product partly because plaster casts of legs, arms, feet and hands of people living in Denver will be part of their exhibition. Before opening the store as a public exhibition, Staton is inviting people to participate with them in a plaster casting workshop on December 14 from 6 to 8 p.m. at the pop-up location on Colfax.
“SupaStore began as a market for artists to share objects and ideas, with the option to buy from each other if they chose too,” Staton explained. “In that way, I sought a reference to the Greek Agora where discussion and trade were established as founding principles of European life.” Through the years, the store has branched out from direct trade between artists to an actual store for anyone to purchase original art. The art made for each SupaStore is designed like fashion— in regards to how it can be used and how the products are displayed at the store. By fusing art with the concept of shopping, Staton hopes to elevate both to a higher level.
SupaStore Human: We Are the Product is inspired by the impending robotic age, according to Staton, where we must take into consideration how we are to move forward with artificial intelligence and other technological innovations instead of being hindered by them. The underlying framework for this installation is much like the framework for all SupaStores— the idea that trade, art, wisdom and craft can be synergistic. These traits were known in Ancient Greece to be associated with the goddess Minerva, and Staton uses this symbolism to represent the “classical origins of these now mechanized interactions.” Buying and selling art can be an enriching, enlightening experience— but not if you're picking up a mass-produced canvas at Target.
The Dikeou Collection is known for bringing edgy, contemporary art to Denver with both of its locations. The pop-up is in what used to be Jerry's Record Exchange (and they even kept some of the vinyls from the store) and will make a fitting setting for this installation. Not only will there be items for sale, there will also be some items from the very first SupaStore on display.
“The SupaStore likes to make connections and how better to do this than by asking the Denver community to loan their limbs for a casting project,” Staton remarked. An RSVP is required, as space is limited.
The Dikeou Pop-up is located at 312 East Colfax Avenue and is open Wednesday through Friday, 11 a.m. – 5 p.m.
Farmers and ranchers from across the state set Nebraska Farm Bureau policy for the coming year and re-elected leaders as part of the organization's 100th Annual Meeting and Convention held Dec. 3-5 in Kearney. Delegates discussed a wide range of agricultural policy issues to provide direction for the organization.
“Property taxes are a major concern for our members, and that was reflected in our voting delegate discussions,” said Steve Nelson, Nebraska Farm Bureau president.
Among the measures adopted by delegates was support for the use of income tax credits as a means of delivering property tax relief; a concept under consideration by state legislators heading into the 2018 legislative session. Delegates also voiced support for reducing local property tax burdens by having state general funds play a larger role in the funding of K-12 education.
County leaders also expressed support for utilization of the Nebraska Universal Services Fund, in partnership with federal and private monies, to support expanded broadband service into underserved areas of Nebraska.
“Farmers, ranchers, and rural businesses are becoming more dependent on technology in their operations. High quality and high-speed internet access is critical to helping improve the way they manage their operations and natural resources. Broadband access is key to the future of Nebraska agriculture,” said Nelson.
Expanding access to international markets for Nebraska agriculture commodities was also front and center for delegates.
“Our members adopted resolutions supporting U.S. re-entry into the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade agreement, as well as a resolution opposing the placement of sunset provisions into free trade agreements,” said Nelson.
President Trump pulled the U.S. out of the TPP last January. Nebraska Farm Bureau had supported the agreement as it was expected to provide a major boost to Nebraska agriculture; increasing cash receipts and net exports from Nebraska by $378.5 million and $229.2 million per year respectively, while adding more than 1,700 new jobs to the state's economy.
Delegates also discussed numerous issues related to livestock production. Members adopted a resolution allowing extended service duty hours for truck drivers that transport livestock, as well as backing a resolution to eliminate electronic logging devices. Livestock transportation has been a point of concern in the light of recent U.S. Department of Transportation electronic logging device regulations that failed to adequately recognize the uniqueness and challenges of transporting lives animals.
“Our members also advanced a resolution supporting genomic editing in livestock. Gene editing technology presents tremendous potential for the livestock sector, including the possibility of eliminating certain disease risks for livestock, which potentially would mitigate needs for antibiotic treatment,” said Nelson. Resolutions related to national policy will be discussed and voted on at the American Farm Bureau Federation Annual meeting held on Jan. 5-10 in Nashville, Tenn.
A resolution supporting the development of labeling requirements to restrict the use of terms such as “meat” to market and promote non-livestock or lab produced products from plant-based production methods, also advanced.
In addition to taking policy positions, delegates also conducted elections for positions on the Nebraska Farm Bureau Federation board of directors.
Steve Nelson was re-elected to the position of Nebraska Farm Bureau President. Nelson has been a Farm Bureau member for 41 years, producing corn, soybeans, and hi-bred seed corn with their son Scott, near Axtell.
Martey Stewart of Dixon County Farm Bureau was re-elected to represent Dist. 3, which includes Antelope, Cedar, Dakota, Dixon, Knox, Madison, Pierce, Thurston, and Wayne counties. Stewart operates a cattle operation near Dixon.
Bill Baldwin of Scotts Bluff County Farm Bureau was re-elected to represent Dist. 8, which includes Arthur, Banner, Box Butte, Cheyenne, Dawes, Deuel, Garden, Keith, Kimball, Perkins, Scotts Bluff, Sheridan, and Sioux counties. Baldwin operates a hay, row crop, and cow/calf operation near Mitchell.
Dave Nielsen of Lancaster County Farm Bureau was re-elected to the At-Large seat on the board of directors. Nielsen operates a corn, soybeans, and hay operation near Lincoln.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Man charged with underage drinking
State police at Lykens charged a 19-year-old man from Lykens with underage drinking early Saturday morning.
Cody Daniel Zerby was found to be under the influence of alcohol in public, specifically 216 W. Main St., Elizabethville, Dauphin County, at 1:18 a.m. Saturday, police said.
Charges were filed in the office of Magisterial District Judge Rebecca J. Margerum, Elizabethville, police said.
Teen accused in physical altercation
An 18-year-old man from Williamstown, Dauphin County, got into a physical altercation with a 40-year-old woman from the borough, state police at Lykens said Saturday.
The incident occurred at 4:40 p.m. Thursday on West Market Street in Williamstown. The accused is Troy Michael Stouffer, police said.
Police listed the nature of the incident as “harassment” in a public information release report Saturday.
GBK obtains approval to buy back or sell up to 10% of own shares (KSE)
GBK obtains approval to buy back or sell up to 10% of own shares (KSE)
Looking for a budget-friendly Android smartphone with all the necessary features? Well, Motorola Moto C can be a decent option.
Priced at Rs. 6,999 on Amazon.in, the handset comes with a 5-inch FWVGA (480x854 pixels) display and is powered by a 1.1GHz MediaTek MT6737M quad-core Cortex-A53 SoC paired with 1GB of RAM.
The device offers 16GB inbuilt storage which can be further expanded up to 32GB via microSD card. While the handset is not the most powerful device in its segment, the Moto brand trust and the good service support makes it a great buy. But if you are still not impressed, then you are at the right place.
We have created a list of budget smartphones that you can consider before investing your hard earned money. These feature loaded handsets run Android mobile OS and their price will not burn a hole in your pocket. Check them out yourself.
Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates!
Students of Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) are all set to attempt the maths paper on Wednesday, March 21. Many students feel the stressed-out and nervous before their arithmetic exam. Don't worry, it is natural to panic. After all the marks scored in this exam and decide your future course of study. So, instead of fretting, try to relax. Speak up about your stress to your relatives, friends and tutors. After all, there's a year
CBSE Class 12 mathematics exam 2018: 4 important tips to de-stress and stay calm
Here are 5 last-minute tips from our experts to help you glide through the exam smoothly:
1. Revise all important formulae and concepts.
2. Solve a sample paper in the allotted time frame.
3. Practice a few questions and theories from your weak zones so that you're updated
4. In cases of doubt, reach out to tutors on time.
5. Re-visit NCERT maths book, for the most question in the examination will be based on this book.
6. Revise your examination strategy on how to solve the paper – which questions/concepts will you solve first and last.
7. Focus on speed and accuracy while answering.
8. After attempting the paper, save some time for last-minute revision and go through all your answers
9. Several long-answer type maths questions are scoring. These problems are generally from algebra, geometry, calculus, probability, relation and function.
10. And finally. Relax. Keep your things in order – such as admit cards, stationery and geometry box.
CBSE Board Exams 2018: 5 last minute checklist items
Here are five final checklist items you need to have in your bag before leaving for the examination centre:
1. Admit card or Hall pass
2. Stationery (extra pens, pencils, geometry items)
3. Clipboard or Writing Pad
4. A bottle of water
Patreon is Bringing CRM to Creators
Share this content:
linkedin
google
Email
Print
The Salesforce model is expanding to content creators.
Patreon, a platform where fans can directly support and pay their favorite content creators — is taking cues from the CRM powerhouse Salesforce by introducing CRM functionality to its platform.
This new functionality will allow content creators who use Patreon to track who supports them, how much they paid, when they started paying, and, crucially, email addresses, TechCrunch reports.
Patreon is calling this CRM platform Membership, and aims to fill the missing links between ad dollars, exposure, and creators by giving creators better tools to identify and reach their most loyal and supportive patrons; a goal many in the marketing world inherently share.
“The financial mechanism that powers the web — the ad economy — is putting human creativity at risk,” Patreon founder and CEO Jack Conte said in the company announcement blog. “Creative people... are being systematically devalued and underserved by the unconscionable and inefficient systems that turn attention into dollars.”
With the company expecting to send creators some $150 million in 2017 alone, the power of CRM in such an environment cannot be overstated, and is, quite possible, a game changer for creatives.
“Membership is working. There are now thousands of stories about creators who are turning their dreams into realities on Patreon. From YouTubers to podcasters to webcomics and illustrators, it is now possible to use membership to build a viable business as an artist,” Conte said in the blog.
LONDON, May 3 The following FTSE 100 companies will go ex-dividend on Thursday, after which investors will no longer qualify for the latest dividend payout. According to Reuters calculations at current market prices, the effect of the resulting adjustment to prices by market-makers would take 3.05 points off the index. COMPANY (RIC) DIVIDEND STOCK OPTION IMPACT (pence) Croda 41.25 0.21 InterContinental Hotels Group 64 (USc) 0.38 Kingfisher 7.15 0.63 London Stock Exchange Group 31.2 0.39 Unilever 30.21 1.44 Among FTSE 250 companies going ex-dividend are: COMPANY (RIC) DIVIDEND (pence) Acacia Mining 8.4 (USc) Tritax Big Box REIT 1.28 Card Factory 6.3 Derwent London 26.16 Edinburgh Investment Trust Closed Fund 5.4 Ferrexpo 3.3 (USc) Henderson Group 9.15 Hastings Group 6.6 JRP Group 2.4 Morgan Advanced Materials 7 P2P Global Investments 12 Polymetal International 0.18 (USD) Playtech 21.7 (EUc) Rightmove 32 (Reporting by Kit Rees; editing by Danilo Masoni)
WASHINGTON, D.C., April 24, 2018 -- The next generation of energy-efficient power electronics, high-frequency communication systems, and solid-state lighting rely on materials known as wide bandgap semiconductors. Circuits based on these materials can operate at much higher power densities and with lower power losses than silicon-based circuits. These materials have enabled a revolution in LED lighting, which led to the 2014 Nobel Prize in physics.
In new experiments reported in Applied Physics Letters, from AIP Publishing, researchers have shown that a wide-bandgap semiconductor called gallium oxide (Ga2O3) can be engineered into nanometer-scale structures that allow electrons to move much faster within the crystal structure. With electrons that move with such ease, Ga2O3 could be a promising material for applications such as high-frequency communication systems and energy-efficient power electronics.
"Gallium oxide has the potential to enable transistors that would surpass current technology," said Siddharth Rajan of Ohio State University, who led the research.
Because Ga2O3 has one of the largest bandgaps (the energy needed to excite an electron so that it's conductive) of the wide bandgap materials being developed as alternatives to silicon, it's especially useful for high-power and high-frequency devices. It's also unique among wide bandgap semiconductors in that it can be produced directly from its molten form, which enables large-scale manufacturing of high-quality crystals.
For use in electronic devices, the electrons in the material must be able to move easily under an electric field, a property called high electron mobility. "That's a key parameter for any device," Rajan said. Normally, to populate a semiconductor with electrons, the material is doped with other elements. The problem, however, is that the dopants also scatter electrons, limiting the electron mobility of the material.
To solve this problem, the researchers used a technique known as modulation doping. The approach was first developed in 1979 by Takashi Mimura to create a gallium arsenide high-electron mobility transistor, which won the Kyoto Prize in 2017. While it is now a commonly used technique to achieve high mobility, its application to Ga2O3 is something new.
In their work, the researchers created a so-called semiconductor heterostructure, creating an atomically perfect interface between Ga2O3 and its alloy with aluminum, aluminum gallium oxide -- two semiconductors with the same crystal structure but different energy gaps. A few nanometers away from the interface, embedded inside the aluminum gallium oxide, is a sheet of electron-donating impurities only a few atoms thick. The donated electrons transfer into the Ga2O3, forming a 2-D electron gas. But because the electrons are now also separated from the dopants (hence the term modulation doping) in the aluminum gallium oxide by a few nanometers, they scatter much less and remain highly mobile.
Using this technique, the researchers reached record mobilities. The researchers were also able to observe Shubnikov-de Haas oscillations, a quantum phenomenon in which increasing the strength of an external magnetic field causes the resistance of the material to oscillate. These oscillations confirm formation of the high mobility 2-D electron gas and allow the researchers to measure critical material properties.
Rajan explained that such modulation-doped structures could lead to a new class of quantum structures and electronics that harnesses the potential of Ga2O3.
###
The article, "Demonstration of high mobility and quantum transport in modulation-doped β-(AlxGa1-x)2O3/Ga2O3 heterostructures," is authored by Yuewei Zhang, Adam Neal, Zhanbo Xia, Chandan Joishi, Yuanhua Zheng, Sanyam Bajaj, Mark Brenner, Shin Mou, Donald Dorsey, Kelson Chabak, Gregg Jessen, Jinwoo Hwang, Joseph Heremans and Siddarth Rajan. The article will appear in Applied Physics Letters April 24, 2018 (DOI: 10.1063/1.5025704). After that date, it can be accessed at http://aip. scitation. org/ doi/ full/ 10. 1063/ 1. 5025704 .
ABOUT THE JOURNAL
BUFFALO, N.Y. - Reproductive hormones that develop during puberty are not responsible for changes in social behavior that occur during adolescence, according to the results of a newly published study by a University at Buffalo researcher.
"Changes in social behavior during adolescence appear to be independent of pubertal hormones. They are not triggered by puberty, so we can't blame the hormones," says Matthew Paul, an assistant professor in UB's Department of Psychology and lead author of the groundbreaking paper recently published in the journal Current Biology.
Disentangling the adolescent changes that are triggered by puberty from those unrelated to puberty is difficult because puberty and adolescence occur simultaneously, but Paul and their collaborators have found a way to tease out the two using a seasonal-breeding animal model.
"Puberty and adolescence are happening at the same time. So if you want to know if one causes the other, one of the elements must be moved. We have no way of doing that in a human, but we have found a way to do it using Siberian hamsters," says Paul.
Their new model, explained in the study with co-authors Clemens Probst, a scientist at Massachusetts General Hospital, Geert de Vries, a professor at Georgia State University, and Lauren Brown, a UB graduate student, provides a basic understanding that did not previously exist for what drives adolescent social development.
Adolescence is a critical period of development for individuals, notes Paul.
Complex thinking develops; many mental health disorders arise; and it is associated with the beginning of high-risk behaviors, like drug use. For social behavior, it is a time when the focus of children's social relationships shifts from the family to peers. In other words, they stop wanting to hang out with mom and dad. It has been widely assumed that these changes can be attributed to increases in gonadal hormones at puberty.
"What we've done here is found a new way to ask the question of how puberty plays a role in adolescent development - a new way to determine which developmental changes pubertal hormones trigger and which changes they do not."
In conversation, we might hear puberty and adolescence used interchangeably, yet biologically, they are two distinct processes.
Puberty is the process by which individuals develop the ability to reproduce. It is triggered by the activation of the reproductive axis, which is responsible for the development of reproductive capability, the appearance of secondary sexual characteristics, and the increase in gonadal hormones.
Adolescence is broader. It encompasses puberty, but also includes cognitive, social, and emotional changes that occur during the teenage years.
Because puberty and adolescence occur concurrently, answering the fundamental question of whether puberty causes non-reproductive adolescent behavioral changes or merely coincides with them has confounded researchers - until now.
Using a seasonal breeding species, like Siberian hamsters, Paul is able to control the timing of puberty.
Siberian hamsters born at the beginning of the breeding season (when days are long) go through puberty quickly in order to breed that year. Those born late in the breeding season (when days are shorter) experience a delay in puberty so as not to give birth in the middle of winter.
Controlling the amount of light a hamster receives in the lab delays arrival of puberty, which comes around 30 days of age for "long-day" hamsters and around 100 days of age or later for "short-day" hamsters.
With two groups going through puberty at different times, Paul can now observe behavioral changes in each group to determine whether these changes are always locked to puberty. In this study, they looked at the transition from play-fighting to social dominance, which is an important step for these young animals to be able to leave home and find their own territory (also called dispersal).
"Play is an important behavior in many species, especially mammals," says Paul. "It's evolutionarily conserved, meaning it hasn't been lost from a common ancestor as species broke off from each other in the evolutionary tree. Because play is expressed in so many species, it's likely to be serving an important function, including in humans. It also suggests that what we learn from our hamsters will likely be true for many other species."
If pubertal hormones were responsible for the shift from play to dominance, this transition would occur early for long-day hamsters and late for short-day hamsters; always co-occuring with puberty. But Paul found that the transition occurred at the same time for both groups, regardless of when they went through puberty. For the short-day hamsters, the transition was completed before puberty had even begun.
"This is a surprising finding, because we tend to think that pubertal hormones are responsible for the changes we see during adolescence. But our research suggests otherwise." says Paul. "These findings are also important for adolescent mental health - understanding the underlying mechanisms responsible for adolescent development will provide insight into why so many mental health disorders arise during this time in life."
###
The Northeast Nodaway R-V School Board conducted the following business at its regular meeting on January 18:
The school board approved various budget amendments to comply with recommendations from auditors. Some of the amendments included:
•A paraprofessional salary had not been included in the original special education budget, increasing that line item by approximately $13,000.
•This year saw more employees taking advantage of the school health insurance than in previous years, which added costs to insurance line items.
•The school had more teacher tuition reimbursement this year than what was originally budgeted.
•The Really Great Reading Program that was purchased at the last school board meeting was not originally in the budget.
Other items reflected moving monies from generalized accounts to more specifically detailed line items. Superintendent Ken Grove stated that the changes were mostly reorganizing funds to meet recommendations by the auditors.
The school board looked over two different bus bids. They wanted to ask more questions, so they invited representatives from each company to the February board meeting.
Several polices were updated to stay in compliance with state regulations.
During the executive session, the board accepted the resignation of Heidi Moffat, pre-school teacher. They also renewed the superintendent contract with Ken Grove for the 2018-19 school year.
The next PTO meeting is scheduled for 7 pm, Monday, February 5.
The next school board meeting has been changed from the normal date and will be at 5:30 pm, Tuesday, February 13.
Fire crews are currently battling a blaze in Westlake.
UPDATE 12.11PM: TWO additional fire crews have arrived in Westlake to help control a blaze which has destroyed two homes.
A spokesperson for the Queensland Fire and Rescue Service said the fire is still well alight but is under control.
There are no injuries reported at this stage.
UPDATE: Up to three houses on fire at Westlake. #9News pic.twitter.com/xAJjNHIizW — Nine News Queensland (@9NewsQueensland) June 15, 2017
More fire crews called to battle Westlake blaze
INITIAL: SEVEN fire trucks are currently fighting a blaze which has spread across two houses on Horizon Drive, Westlake.
Crews arrived shortly before 11am after reports a garage was on fire.
A Queensland Ambulance spokesperson said the fire spread to the main structure of the house and then caused a second house to be set alight.
It is believed one roof has completely collapsed while part of the roof of another has fallen.
At this stage they believe everyone has been accounted for.
Exactly one year after OSFI said it would review its B-20 guidelines and scrutinize underwriting standards further, the banking regulator made good on that promise.
The Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (OSFI) released various proposals on Thursday to further tighten mortgage underwriting standards at federally regulated lenders.
The biggest change is the implementation of a stress test for all uninsured mortgages (those with a down payment of more than 20%). Under current banking rules, only insured mortgages, variable rates and fixed mortgages less than five years must be qualified at a higher rate. That rate, of course, is the Bank of Canada's posted rate (currently 4.64%, a few points higher than typical contract rates). Going forward, it will be replaced by a 200-basis-point buffer above the borrower's contract rate.
The other proposed changes include:
Requiring that loan-to-value measurements remain dynamic and adjust for local conditions when used to qualify borrowers; and
Prohibiting bundled mortgages that are meant to circumvent regulatory requirements. The practice of bundling a second mortgage with a regulated lender's first mortgage is often used to get around the 80%+ loan-to-value limit on uninsured mortgages.
Industry experts, however, say this change would impact less than one percent of all mortgages in Canada.
The extension of stress testing to all uninsured mortgages would have a far greater impact. It would shut many borrowers out of the market, drive them into less suitable housing, or send them into the arms of credit unions or sub-prime lenders that are not federally regulated.
Mortgage Professionals Canada, for its part, has expressed objections to the proposed regulations.
“We have initial concerns with the impact the 2% stress test will have on Canadian consumers and questions around the uncertainty that the dynamic Loan-to-Value (LTV) measurements may have in the marketplace,” it said in an email to members.
OSFI said its proposed changes will be available for public input until August 17, 2017. Feedback can be sent via email to B.20@osfi-bsif.gc.ca.
The updated B-20 guidelines for mortgage underwriting will be issued in the fall and come into effect shortly thereafter, OSFI said.
“The draft changes to Guideline B-20 released today are consistent with messages that OSFI has been delivering through public statements and in direct conversations with federally regulated financial institutions through our supervisory work,” said Carolyn Rogers, Assistant Superintendent, Regulation Sector.
The proposals are just the latest in a long line of changes to how mortgages are written in Canada. The government began its regulatory tightening campaign nearly nine years ago to “reduce the risk of a U.S.-style housing bubble developing in Canada.” (Those were the words of the Department of Finance in 2008.)
Here's a brief history of some of those key mortgage rule changes:
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Comments
Take a look inside the room West Australian lotto winners get to visit.
Take a look inside the room West Australian lotto winners get to visit.
Lotto winners: two WA tickets worth more than $500,000 in Saturday night's draw The West Australian
There are two winning tickets from WA in Saturday night's lotto draw, each worth more than $500,000.
While half a million dollars isn't likely to send you into the ranks of the mega-rich, it's a lot more money than the lucky winners had before Saturday night's draw!
The two WA tickets were among eight national winners of draw 3813, held on Saturday 3 February, with each taking home $513,902.85.
The winning numbers were 23, 11, 24, 13, 27 and 12. The supplementary numbers were 31 and 22.
WHAT THEY WON'T SEE: Two people have been banned for life from Willowbank Raceway after an incident on Friday night and will never see racing again at the track.
TWO people have been banned for life after a competitor struck a raceway official at Willowbank Raceway on Friday night .
In a release Willowbank Raceway said that the incident occurred during the running of the inaugural Friday Night Lights event.
"While this is the first incident of its type, this behaviour will not be tolerated and as such the board of Willowbank Raceway has moved to immediately impose a lifetime ban from the venue for both individuals involved," the release said.
"Willowbank Raceway is a family friendly facility and we will do whatever is needed to ensure that it remains a safe environment for officials, spectators and competitors alike."
The news received numerous responses on the Willowbank Raceway Facebook site.
Tony Crawford said "great news that they got a life ban! Now we need other events organisers... to refuse entry to their events to show that their actions won't be tolerated by the motorsports community, not just Willowbank Raceway.
"Good work by the Willowbank Raceway board and I can't wait for the 10th of March to get here so we can do the next Friday night lights," they wrote.
The QT is chasing up more details on the incident.
5W1H: Sri Reddy slams Saroj Khan for defending casting couch in film industry
This is a segment of Zee News which brings to you the latest updates. Sri Reddy slams Saroj Khan for defending casting couch in film industry. Watch this video for more information.
Pink has kicked off the new year by sharing the first photo of their new baby with their big sister.
The 37-year-old singer, whose real name is Alecia Moore, posted a picture of their daughter Willow holding baby Jameson on Instagram Sunday . The 5-year-old looks thrilled and has a big smile on their face. She's also showing off some pink highlights in their hair.
Moore wrote in the caption that they and husband Carey Hart “thank you for your love and we send it back to you in spades.”
Jameson Moon Hart was born on Dec. 26.
Advertisement
Moore and Hart were married in 2006.
By The Associated Press
BC-BKC–Fairfield-LIU Brooklyn Box
FAIRFIELD 76, LIU BROOKLYN 72 FAIRFIELD (4-5)
Kasibabu 2-2 4-6 8, Milin 3-8 0-0 7, Segura 7-9 0-1 14, Nelson 6-18 4-4 17, Cruz 4-7 0-0 9, Senghore-Peterson 0-3 0-0 0, Methnani 4-6 1-2 9, El-Sheikh 0-0 0-0 0, Flavors 4-8 2-2 12, Nolan 0-0 0-0 0. Totals 30-61 11-15 76.
LIU BROOKLYN (4-7)
Coleman 2-6 2-2 6, Agosto 3-10 8-9 14, Batts 2-3 5-8 10, Hernandez 8-18 5-9 23, Clark 7-12 5-8 19, Penn 0-0 0-0 0, van Sauers 0-0 0-1 0, Frias 0-3 0-0 0, Robinson 0-2 0-0 0. Totals 22-54 25-37 72.
Halftime_Fairfield 36-35. 3-Point Goals_Fairfield 5-21 (Flavors 2-5, Cruz 1-3, Milin 1-4, Nelson 1-6, Senghore-Peterson 0-1, Methnani 0-2), LIU Brooklyn 3-14 (Hernandez 2-3, Batts 1-2, Robinson 0-1, Agosto 0-2, Frias 0-3, Coleman 0-3). Fouled Out_Milin, Cruz, Senghore-Peterson. Rebounds_Fairfield 29 (Kasibabu 6), LIU Brooklyn 37 (Hernandez 9). Assists_Fairfield 12 (Segura 6), LIU Brooklyn 8 (Batts 4). Total Fouls_Fairfield 28, LIU Brooklyn 18. A_1,242 (2,500).
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Apple and Google are set to introduce a new series of “gender-neutral” face emojis in an update.
The new emojis, which were reportedly “approved by the Unicode Consortium earlier this year,” include sets of “genderless adults,” “genderless kids,” and “genderless seniors,” which will be available soon in Apple and Google software updates.
advertisement
The three sets will feature numerous varieties of each emoji, with different races and hair colors.
In August, LGBT activists criticized Unicode after their shortlist for new emojis excluded individual sexuality pride flags.
As reported by Pink News, the candidates included “a sad poop, a lobster and a lacrosse stick and ball,” but did not “include the much sought-after trans pride flag” or flags for bisexual and asexual pride.
Last year, the world's first set of emojis were added to the Museum of Modern Art.
This year, emojis were used by an algorithm developed by MIT researchers to learn about sarcasm, and how they are used as “a substitute for the tone and body language that brief online text messages cannot otherwise express.” In September, it was reported that a private surveillance company, whose clients include the Pentagon, could “keep tabs” on people communicating entirely in emoji.
Charlie Nash covers technology and LGBT news for Breitbart News. You can follow them on Twitter @MrNashington and Gab @Nash, or like their page at Facebook.
The US military wants to revamp its nuclear arsenal and develop new low-yield atomic weapons, largely in response to Russian actions in recent years, the Pentagon said in a policy statement released Friday.
The so-called Nuclear Posture Review outlines the Pentagon`s nuclear ambitions under President Donald Trump and is the first time since 2010 that the military has spelled out how it foresees nuclear threats in the coming decades.
"The strategy develops capabilities aimed at making use of nuclear weapons less likely," Trump said in a statement. "It enhances deterrence of strategic attacks against our Nation, and our allies and partners, that may not come in the form of nuclear weapons."
"And, importantly, it reaffirms our commitment to arms control and nuclear non-proliferation, maintains the moratorium on nuclear testing, and commits to improving efforts to prevent, detect, and respond to nuclear terrorism," they said.
The document marks a sobering break from the vision for America`s atomic future under Barack Obama, who during a famous speech in Prague in 2009 called for the elimination of nuclear weapons.
While it underscores the administration`s concerns about North Korea, Iran and China, the focus falls largely on Russia.
"This is a response to Russian expansion of their capability and the nature of their strategy and doctrine," Defense Secretary Jim Mattis wrote in the introduction to the 75-page document.
"These developments, coupled with Russia`s seizure of Crimea and nuclear threats against our allies, mark Moscow`s decided return to Great Power competition," they also wrote.
The Pentagon worries Russia assumes America`s regular, large-yield weapons are essentially too big to ever be detonated, as their use would likely result in large-scale retaliation and wipe much of humanity off the map.
"There are strong indications that our current strategy posture and capabilities are perceived by the Russians as potentially inadequate to deter them," Greg Weaver, the deputy director of strategic capabilities for the military`s Joint Staff, told reporters.
"The US and NATO require a wider range of credible low-yield nuclear options to do a very specific thing: to convince the Russian leadership that if they initiate limited nuclear use, in a war with the alliance, our response will deny them the objective they seek and impose costs that far outweigh those benefits they can achieve," they added.The document, an earlier version of which was leaked last month, says that by having additional smaller nukes, the Pentagon can counter adversaries` "misperceptions" that the United States would not respond to another country using its own low-yield bomb.
The new strategy calls for a continuation of the nuclear modernization program ordered by Obama that encompasses all pillars of the "triad" -- ground-based intercontinental ballistic missiles, submarine-launched weapons and bombs delivered by plane.
But unlike the Obama strategy, which stressed reducing the role of nuclear weapons, the new policy has a more assertive tone.
Low-yield nuclear weapons, also known as "tactical" nukes, are still extremely powerful and can pack as much destructive punch as the bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki at the end of World War II.
America already has a massive nuclear arsenal at its disposal, including 150 B-61 nukes stored across multiple European countries that can be configured for low-yield options.
The new weapons envisioned by the Pentagon would be launchable from submarines or ships, so would not need to be stockpiled in Europe.
They could also get around Russian air defenses more easily.
The bombs would not add to America`s nuclear horde, and would instead repurpose existing warheads, but critics say the Pentagon would be going against the spirit of non-proliferation agreements.
"We are on the cusp of a new era of nuclear proliferation," warned Barry Blechman, co-founder of the Stimson Center, a nonpartisan anti-nuclear proliferation think tank in Washington.
"This is the great nuclear danger raised by the new" nuclear policy.
Weaver disputed media accounts that the nuclear posture review lowered the threshold for America to use nuclear weapons.
"The purpose of these capabilities is to make a US response to nuclear use more credible, not to make US first use more likely," they said.
HALIFAX - A Halifax-area man who admitted to burning their girlfriend's body but insisted they didn't kill them has had their murder conviction overturned.
Paul Trevor Calnen was convicted of second-degree murder in the death of Reita Jordan in March 2013.
Calnen claimed their live-in girlfriend died after taking a swing at them in anger, missed, and accidentally fell down the stairs.
The Hammonds Plains, N.S., man pleaded guilty to burning their body several times and scattering their ashes in a lake, but maintained they did not cause their death.
Jordan's family said they were a victim of domestic violence. They had planned to leave Calnen the night they were killed.
In a ruling released Wednesday, the Nova Scotia Court of Appeal has tossed out the murder conviction in a divided decision that found insufficient evidence to uphold the charge and inadequate final instructions to the jury.
The decision says the trial judge should have granted a motion for a directed verdict and, in the absence of any new evidence, any retrial should not include the charge of second degree murder.
Calnen had been sentenced to life in prison with no chance of parole for at least 15 years.
They were also sentenced to five years for indecently interfering with Jordan's remains.
Dec 11 (Reuters) - K2fly Ltd:
* ‍ANTICIPATED REVENUE FOR QUARTER WILL BE IN RANGE OF $630-640K​
* ‍DECEMBER REVENUE IS EXPECTED TO BE ABOUT $300K​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Jordan Armenise
From Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, Jordan Armenise began their sports broadcasting journey with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League. It was in this role where they were able to merge their best attributes: sports knowledge and personality. While with the Ticats, Jordan provided live analysis and interviews while developing a digital portfolio of one-on-one interviews, episodic sports comedy and full length sports & news features. They have also worked with CBC Sports for Hockey Night in Canada, the 2014 Sochi Olympics and Special Olympics as well as roles with Cineflix and Cream Productions as an Assistant Director.
Around 62 per cent of people aged between 18 and 35 do not want to vote in the upcoming presidential elections because they don't trust political parties and ‘lying politicians', according to the findings of a survey made public on Monday.
The survey, conducted by the institute of statisticians between November 28 and 30, found that 62.4 per cent of young people do not want to vote in next year's presidential elections.
According to the 696 people canvassed, the reason for their reluctance was “youths don't trust the parties, politicians don't tell the truth, and no one is interested in them finding a job.”
The highest rate of abstention was recorded in urban areas, 64.9 per cent, the poll said.
The survey found that 68 per cent of those who were not going to vote were holders of undergraduate and graduate diplomas.
Asked what the parties should do to convince them to vote, 12 per cent of responders said they must communicate with the youths and 18 per cent said there must be a young candidate for president.
Dealing with youth problems was the priority for 23 per cent of the sample, implementing meritocracy in the civil service, 24 per cent and providing a platform to young people,14 per cent. Reunification was a priority for 9 per cent.
The poll also found that responders were divided as to the prospects of employment.
Asked if youth employment prospects had improved in the past year, 45 per cent said they had, 50 per cent said they got worse, and 5 per cent said they remained the same.
Responders also said they did not expect anything to change in their lives after the presidential elections.
The overwhelming majority, 81 per cent, said conditions will remain the same, 10 per cent said they will worsen, and 9 per cent said they expected things to get better.
Abstention rates were highest in Limassol at 69 per cent, Larnaca, 63 per cent, Paphos, 61 per cent, Nicosia, 60 per cent, and Famagusta, 59 per cent.
No. 15/11 West Virginia jumped out to a quick lead that it never relented, as the Mountaineers snapped a three-game losing streak with an 89-51 win over Kansas State on Saturday afternoon at a near sold-out WVU Coliseum.
West Virginia (16-6, 5-4 Big 12) led for nearly the entire 40 minutes, as the Mountaineers held the Wildcats to a season-low 29.8 percent shooting (14-of-47), including 22.2 percent (6-of-27) in the second half, while forcing them into 15 turnovers. The 51 points were the fewest by K-State this season and the lowest point total since scoring 50 against West Virginia in the semifinals of the Phillips 66 Big 12 Championship on March 10, 2017.
Junior forward Dean Wade led the Wildcats with 17 points on 6-of-13 field goals, while sophomore guard Xavier Sneed added 16 points on 5-of-11 shooting with all five field goals coming from 3-point range.
K-State (16-7, 5-5 Big 12) have now dropped back-to-back games to ranked teams since a four-game win streak. The Wildcats have lost five straight games to the Mountaineers at the WVU Coliseum.
West Virginia connected on 54.9 percent (28-of-51) from the field, including 60.9 percent (14-of-23) in the second half, and had a quartet of players scores in double figures led by sophomore forward Sagaba Konate's game-high 19 points on 7-of-9 field goals and a game-best 9 rebounds.
HOW IT HAPPENED
The Mountaineers turned up the pressure from the start, forcing five Wildcat early turnovers to take a 9-5 lead with just five minutes into the first half. The lead was extended to 12-7 after a 3-point play by reserve forward Logan Routt before K-State responded with four 3-point fields, including three by sophomore guard Xavier Sneed , during a five-play sequence to close the gap to 21-19 at the 11:26 mark.
West Virginia answered with a 10-3 run, which included 3-pointers from junior guard Esa Ahmed and sophomore guard James Bolden to push ahead, 31-22, and force head coach Bruce Weber to call their first timeout with 6:04 remaining in the half. The lead grew to double digits at 34-24 after a 3-point play by sophomore forward Sagaba Konate with 4:26 remaining.
K-State nearly went the reminder of the half without a field goal before a follow by first-year student forward Levi Stockard III with two seconds left ended the drought and closed it to 39-30 at the half. West Virginia connected on 50 percent (14-of-28) from the field, scoring nine points off of 10 turnovers and posting 10 second-chance points off of six offensive rebounds. The Wildcats shot just 40 percent (8-of-20) from the field in the half.
A pair of Bolden free throws pushed the lead back in double figures just seconds into the second half before a foul and technical on junior guard Barry Brown, Jr. , gave the Mountaineers a 50-35 lead on the strength of six quick points at the 16:36 mark. Consecutive buckets from junior forward Dean Wade got the Wildcats within 50-39 with 15:20 remaining, but that would be the closest they would get the rest of the way.
Back-to-back buckets, including a 3-point play, by first-year student guard Teddy Allen would give West Virginia a 65-42 advantage with 7:49 left. The lead would remain at least 20 points the rest of the contest.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is leading on three out of four Lok Sabha seats which had gone for by-elections. According to the trend, the BJP is leading in Kairana in Uttar Pradesh and Palghar and Bhandara-Gondia in Maharashtra. The counting of votes for bypolls of four high-stake Lok Sabha seats – Kairana, Bhandara-Gondia and Palghar and Nagaland parliamentary constituency – began at 8 am on Thursday. The results of these Lok Sabha constituencies are being seen as a precursor to the upcoming Lok Sabha elections 2019 with both BJP and Congress trying to gain an upper hand.
Repolling at the four Lok Sabha constituencies took place on Wednesday, May 30. The voter turn-out at Kairana was 61 per cent while Bhandara-Gondiya Lok Sabha recorded 45 per cent turnout and Nagaland 44.68 per cent.
The bypolls in Kairana were necessitated after the seat fell vacant due to BJP leader Hukum Singh's death. Bypolls to Maharashtra's Palghar, a reserved seat, was necessitated following sitting BJP MP Chintaman Wanga's death in January. In Bhandara-Gondia the bye-election was necessitated after BJP's sitting lawmaker Nana Patole joined Congress in December 2017. In Nagaland, Chief Minister Neiphiu Rio of the Nationalist Democratic Progressive Party was the representative of the lone Lok Sabha constituency in Nagaland. They quit in February to contest in the Assembly elections.
Below, we present live updates from the counting centres of Kairana, Bhandara-Gondia, Palghar and Nagaland parliamentary constituencies.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
After a 20 point win over Northeastern, Abington Heights hooked up with Bonner Prendergast in the boys 'AAAAA' semifinals. The Comets had the game won in regulation after a missed three sealed an apparent victory. But, the Abington Heights fans were assessed a two shot Technical foul for throwing Hershey Kisses on the court with one second left. The Friars made both Technical foul shots, but only made the first of the two Free Throws they shot after the Comets committed a foul on the rebound of the missed three pointers. After all that it went to Overtime where Abington Heights prevailed 56-51.
HIGHGATE, Vt. (AP) - A North Carolina woman rented an SUV and picked up six Mexican citizens who illegally crossed into the United States at a remote border crossing in Vermont near the Canadian border, federal prosecutors said.
Carmen Melari Ferrufino Perdomo, 31, of Charlotte, North Carolina, was charged Monday with transporting people into the United States who didn't have permission to be in the country.
According to the complaint, the Border Patrol received a report just after 2 a.m. Sunday of six people walking near the border. Then a short time later, agents spotted them in an SUV with Ferrufino, a U.S. citizen from Honduras. It's unclear if they have an attorney to comment on their behalf.
Ferrufino's passengers, who were between the ages of 21 and 54, told investigators they had crossed into the United States that night. None of the Mexican citizens, who were later arrested as material witnesses in the case, had criminal or immigration records.
The complaint also said Ferrufino flew from New York to Burlington on Saturday where they rented the car in which they were apprehended. Records said they had planned to return the vehicle later Sunday in New York.
In recent months the Border Patrol has had multiple smuggling incidents in the area.
Hello, the Cambridge News live blog is back this Monday afternoon to bring you the latest traffic and travel news from across the county, and beyond.
For updates on accidents and congestion on major roads, including the A14, M11, A11 and A1, check out the updates as they happen below.
Delays and cancellations on the trains, affecting commuters heading into and out of London, and across Cambridgeshire, will also be updated in the blog.
And we will be reporting on flight cancellations and delays to affect Stansted Airport.
Do let us know if you spot anything that may affect your morning commute to work - send us a tweet on Twitter@CambridgeNewsUK or write a post on our Facebook page.
You can also stay one step ahead with all the latest on the roads by joining our Cambridge Traffic and Travel Facebook page. Click here to join, and avoid the queues.
Brooke is a bold all-American tomboy that is passionate about their friends, their family and new adventures.  They are a former hip-hop dance instructor and an outdoor enthusiast.  They are the voice of reason to Jubal's crazy. They still say, “Woot,” “Raise the roof,” and loves to over share.
New Delhi: Domestic criticism of economic growth notwithstanding, the European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker on Friday said nobody outside India calls its 5.7 percent GDP growth as a slowdown as it is much better than that clocked by major economies of Europe.
"What you are calling a slowdown would be a major performance in Europe. 5.7 percent by comparison to 2 percent in Europe is showing that India is doing well. I wouldn't be too afraid of what you are calling slowdown.
"Nobody outside India is calling this a slowdown," they said on the sidelines of India European Union Business Forum here.
The comment comes amidst intense criticism in the country over the its economic growth rate slowing down to three-year low of 5.7 percent in the first quarter ended June due to demonetisation and implementation of GST.
World Bank President Jim Yong Kim had said yesterday that the recent slowdown in India's economic growth is an "aberration" mainly due to the temporary disruptions in preparation for the Goods and Services Tax (GST) and it will get corrected in the coming months.
Senior BJP leader Yashwant Sinha had in a recent article headlined "I need to speak up now", described the economy as a "mess" that will not resuscitate before the next general elections in 2019.
Sinha had said the purpose behind highlighting the concerns about the economy through an article was to bring certain issues in public domain so that the government does a course correction. They said they did not expect their article to create "such a furore".
OTTAWA — The Competition Bureau is forcing Bayer AG to divest some of its Canadian canola, soybean and vegetable seed, traits and herbicide assets before it will allow the German pharmaceutical giant to purchase agricultural business Monsanto Company.
The watchdog says in a consent agreement filed Wednesday that if the assets aren't divested the takeover would likely "substantially lessen" competition in Canada's seeds and crop treatment sector.
Bayer previously said the assets would be sold to German chemical company BASF SE for 5.9 billion euros.
The bureau says it is reviewing the suitability of BASF as a buyer for the assets.
The “Nunes” Memo isn't political dynamite but it could be the final blow to the whole ridiculous and virtually fact-free Russiagate narrative. It confirms the Steele dossier is a scam, and demonstrates the lies employed to get approval for spying on Trump's team, it shows the vindictive bias in the establishment towards an elected official.
But, of course, the mainstream media and various paid opinion-makers are not admitting that. In fact there's a chorus of evasion and distraction and frantic meme-creation right now, from bots spamming talking points, and “#nunesburger” hashtags to avowedly serious opinion pieces claiming it's all a “half-baked conspiracy theory”…blah…blah…
There's no shortage of examples of just how eerily lockstep the various strands of the campaign are, but here's one of the “serious” ones to mull over. Politico's The Nunes Memo & Putin's Long Game.
Here's the text with our annotations:
Ever since the U.S. intelligence community discovered the Russian operation to interfere in the 2016 presidential election and aid President Donald Trump's victory, some Republicans have been laboring to undermine investigations into the attack and discredit the intelligence agencies that discovered it.
It's almost touching how, right from the off, they bravely opt to simply ignore the fact that the Russia hack narrative is now probably doomed. Like a first class passenger on the Titanic, deeply in denial, they are sitting, hat slightly askew, sipping tea and admiring the view while the deck beneath them tilts and slides. Don't think about the facts, Politico readers, think about the mean people who wanted you to know the facts!
Those efforts reached a new crescendo (sic) on Friday, when House Republicans released a partisan memo alleging anti-Trump bias at the FBI with approval from Trump, who declared on Twitter that both the FBI and Department of Justice are corrupt.
Well, first can someone tell them what “crescendo” means? Secondly, isn't it interesting how the Memo only “alleges” anti-Trump bias, even though it contains and refers to clear proof of same. Contrast with the above claim of certitude about “Russian interference” in the face of no proof whatsoever.
But that turmoil, some were quick to point out, is exactly what Putin wanted all along.
In the nick of time the Titanic passengers have managed to grab something to keep them afloat. A lifebuoy with “Putin” written on it in scary red letters. Reality averted.
“The latest attacks on the FBI and Department of Justice serve no American interests – no party's, no president's, only Putin's,” Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) said in a statement Friday. “Our nation's elected officials, including the president, must stop looking at this investigation through the warped lens of politics and manufacturing partisan sideshows. If we continue to undermine our own rule of law, we are doing Putin's job for him.”
Someone could tell McCain that the rule of law is undermined by people breaking the law and getting away with it – not by revealing the fact to the public. But they probably wouldn't dare.
For more than a year, Trump has consistently cast doubt on the assessments of intelligence agencies they now lead, arguing that “the deep state” is stacked against him.
The Memo (which Politico hasn't yet quoted or linked to) proves Trump was right. But let's not waste time on details like that.
Facing an investigation that reached into their own administration, and potentially into the Oval Office, the president chose to fire their FBI director, James Comey last May, and since then has repeatedly hinted that they might try to do the same to others. That may include deputy attorney general Rod Rosenstein, who oversees special Russia counsel Robert Mueller. “You figure that one out,” Trump said when asked Friday if they still had confidence in Rosenstein after reading the memo. The cumulative effect of it all, intelligence veterans said, was to diminish trust in government institutions—thereby weakening the U.S.
To sum up their point here if we may – it's not the fact US officials have been caught lying and manipulating and conspiring against elected representatives that diminishes trust in government institutions – it's the fact people insist on talking about it
“We have to remember what Putin's goal in this whole endeavor was,” said Ned Price, a former CIA officer and NSC spokesperson under President Barack Obama. “It was at its core to divide the American people and pit us against each other.” “This is exactly what they had hoped and it has succeeded beyond their wildest expectations,” they said of the memo. “This memo just play right into that… This is exactly what Putin had in mind.”
In some ways this is the most ridiculous thing in the article. Why would any sane person – Putin or anyone else – want America to be more divided, unstable and terrifying than it already is? To the rest of the world, even its supposed friends, America is the psycho next door with the drinking problem, the chainsaw and the cupboard full of illegal firearms. No one wants this guy getting all riled up about anything. Because they don't want to wake up with their house on fire and their kids dead in the yard.
The memo “is simply an attempt to cast aspersions on the whole investigation,” said Robert Litt, a former general counsel for the Office of the Director of National Intelligence who now works for Morrison and Foerster.
This is rather like saying proving someone guilty of child abuse is an “attempt to cast aspersions” on their parenting. And they still haven't mentioned or quoted the contents of the Memo.
“To the extent that Putin's goal is to weaken us an emphasis our internal division, which was certainly one of the conclusions that the intelligence community reached, yes absolutely [he succeeded],” Litt added. “This is increasing partisanship and division and making it more difficult to bring to light what they're actually doing. … I would've thought that there would have been a considerably greater level of bipartisan concern about what the Russians have done.”
Hey – you know another way they could have thwarted that damn Putin? Their intelligence agencies could have not lied and cheated and plotted in the first place.
But for Trump, House Intelligence Committee chairperson Devin Nunes and other Republicans, Friday was a day of triumph. “The Committee has discovered serious violations of the public trust, and the American people have a right to know when officials in crucial institutions are abusing their authority for political purposes,” Nunes wrote on Friday, accompanying the release of the memo their staff drafted. “I think it's a disgrace what's happening in our country,” Trump declared.
Politico focuses on what Nunes said as if the only thing that mattered was the fact they were triumphing over the Dems. They completely avoid even considering the fact the words happen also to be true. Truth is a thing. It happens. It can be measured. Remember when that used to matter? Oh but wait – Politico is about to discuss the contents of the Memo!…
The memo, however, showed little that was new. A dossier compiled by a former British intelligence operative, who was funded in part by Clinton's campaign, was part of the basis for the investigation, the memo says. But that was already known. And other elements of the investigation were underway independent of the dossier, the memo acknowledged.
…No, false alarm. It looked momentarily as if they were going to discuss the contents of the Memo, but it turns out they don't need to, because there's nothing new in it! Nope. Nowt here you haven't seen before. Move along.
But wait – if the Memo doesn't matter why did so many people not want it published? Why is it “dividing” anyone? If the Memo doesn't matter then why is it just what Putin wants?
And if the Memo doesn't matter and contains nothing new why won't Politico quote a single line of it? Or even link to it?
And they don't. Not once in the entire piece. What Politico is saying, with pure Doublethink, is the Memo is completely worthless, useless, empty and boring and a fiendish, cunning plot by Vladimir Putin to divide America and undermine public faith in its institutions. And most of the people who read it will believe these two things with ease. Because being an American Liberal these days requires complete removal of your sense of the ridiculous.
This last bit is interesting though:
Nonetheless, conservative media — including some outlets which were handed the memo before it became public — rejoiced. Former House Speaker and Trump confidant Newt Gingrich suggested that the memo would ultimately undermine Mueller's investigation. “This memo will lead to more releases of more material and it will go on and on,” Gingrich told POLITICO. “We will be shocked at how deep the sickness was. … Why would you think Mueller is anything different? He's just part of the same mess.”
Are we going to see a Memo war of attrition? Will this signal an avalanche of mutually destructive dirt from all sides? This could be a time for popcorn and a comfy chair.
Who's the greatest Indigenous player of all time?
It's a question that often gets raised around this part of the season - and one that doesn't have an easy answer.
But firmly in the conversation are some of WA's finest-ever footballers.
On the eve of the AFL's Indigenous Round, The West Australian's chief football writer Mark Duffield and The Sunday Times sport editor Glen Quartermain take us through their picks on the Duff and Quarters podcast.
Does Graham ‘Polly' Farmer earn the nod as greatest of all time, due to their revolutionary work in the ruck and with the skill of handballing?
What about Lance ‘Buddy' Franklin, the greatest forward of the 21st century and a must-watch drawcard with a never-ending highlight reel?
And where do the finals heroics of big-game players such as Chris Lewis and Peter Matera rank?
Listen to our experts' opinions from the 7:20 mark of the above podcast.
Duff and Quarters also discuss their tips for the week, the changes Freo should make, and why the Eagles - Saints clash could be a form of “sadomasochism”.
A lousy start to the Texas Rangers' season just got worse.
Third baseman Adrian Beltre, the team's best player and a shoo-in for the National Baseball Hall of Fame, left Tuesday's game against the Oakland A's in the eighth inning with a strained left hamstring.
Beltre had just lined a ball into the gap in right-center field, scoring Shin-Soo Choo, but Beltre pulled up on their way to first base and immediately walked off the field once time was called.
They said afterward that they were going to wait until an MRI exam Wednesday before giving their full take on the injury, but acknowledged that it isn't good. A trip to the disabled list seems like an inevitability.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
"We'll see tomorrow," Beltre said. "It's not feeling great."
The Rangers are already without starting middle infielder Elvis Andrus (broken right elbow) and Rougned Odor (strained left hamstring). Odor could be back by next week, but Andrus is looking at a late-May or early-June return.
Beltre missed nearly the first two months last season with a strained right calf and also missed time in September with a strained left hamstring.
Beltre was also spiked in the sixth inning as former Rangers catcher Jonathan Lucroy slid into their calf. Beltre said that didn't affect their hamstring and also said that Lucroy's slide was clean.
"I was standing right in the middle," Beltre said. "It was my fault."
The Rangers have a few options to fill in for Beltre.
They could move Joey Gallo to third base, their natural position, and play rookie Ronald Guzman every day at first base or recall Ryan Rua to platoon with Guzman.
The Rangers also have Renato Nunez, who is most comfortable at third base.
Without Beltre's bat, the Rangers could turn to their biggest offensive threat in the minors, Willie Calhoun. They could play left field with Gallo at third, or the Rangers could use Calhoun at designated hitter and go with Nomar Mazara in left field and Choo in right.
LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Nordea, the Nordic region's biggest banking group, said on Friday it has applied to list its Finnish unit's shares on the Nasdaq Helsinki, Nasdaq Stockholm and Nasdaq Copenhagen exchanges.
The application is part of preparations for the planned re-domiciliation of the parent company to Finland - a move that still needs to be approved by Nordea's shareholders at a meeting on March 15, the bank said. (Reporting by Emma Rumney, editing by Silvia Aloisi)
The biggest movie of the year by all means – Salman Khan's Tiger Zinda Hai has been creating immense buzz as all Salman films does pre-release. The latest news is the date when the teaser of the film could release.
According to our reliable sources, Tiger Zinda Hai teaser of the film could be unveiled anytime between 15th to 18th November. A fixed date is not out yet but if we go by the reports we should brace ourselves to witness a dhamaka very soon.
Angad Bedi has wrapped up their schedule for the upcoming superstar Salman Khan starrer Tiger Zinda Hai in Abu Dhabi.
Angad on Thursday shared a photograph Twitter from the film's set.
“Finally! It's a wrap on Tiger Zinda Hai. Salman Khan bhai, Ali Abbas Zafar sir thank you for putting faith in me. Respect,” Angad tweeted.
Trending :
Angad, who is a new addition to the franchise, will be seen playing an agent in the film.
The actor says they will miss the film's set and unit.
“Been a real pleasure to work under the guidance of Ali Abbas Zafar and YRF. It's been real. The love and affection I have got from Salman Bhai and the moments spent with them I shall cherish for a lifetime,” Angad said in a statement.
The Yash Raj Films (YRF) project is a sequel to the blockbuster film Ek Tha Tiger. Directed by Ali Abbas Zafar, it also features actor Katrina Kaif.
The makers of Tiger Zinda Hai have locked Christmas 2017 for the release of the Salman Khan and Katrina Kaif starrer.
The team of Tiger Zinda Hai has shot in scenic locales of Austria and Abu Dhabi.
This is not the first time Salman and Katrina will be seen together.
The two have previously worked in films like Ek Tha Tiger, Yuvvraj, Maine Pyaar Kyun Kiya? and Partner.
A section of westbound Interstate 20 is closed after a large portion of it buckled, causing a huge bump in the roadway.
The area is near the intersection with Gresham Road in Southeast Atlanta.
Crews have shut down the roadway and a huge backup is being reported in the area.
DeKalb County Police tell CBS46 an underground gas leak caused a defect in the roadway, causing it to buckle.
GDOT reports drivers must get off at exit 63 or the Gresham Road exit, head north to Flat Shoals Road and then west to continue westbound on I-20.
BEIJING: Chinese Vice President Wang Qishan on Tuesday met with visiting Pakistani Foreign Minister Khawaja Muhammad Asif in Beijing, vowing to promote bilateral ties to a new high.
Wang said building a community with a shared future for humanity conforms to the trend of the times, and Pakistan is China's all-weather strategic cooperative partner.
China-Pakistan relations should take the lead in building a community with a shared future for humanity, they said, adding that China will continue to regard Pakistan as a priority in its neighboring diplomacy.
Asif said Pakistan is glad to see that China has made historic achievements under the leadership of President Xi Jinping.
Pakistan stands ready to deepen bilateral cooperation in various fields and firmly supports China on issues concerning China's core interests, Asif said.—NNI
VFW 1527 held a 'Last Man Standing' event Sunday to honor men of Charlie Company, 126th Infantry Regiment, 32nd "Red Arrow" Infantry Division, who deployed to WWII out of Kalamazoo County.
Scroll for more content...
"The men upstairs right now are smiling, absolutely," said Dennis Weber, who helped organize the tribute.
It was a tribute honoring 94 men who deployed to World War II out of Kalamazoo County. All the men have passed away expect for Fred Spencer, 93, who took part in the special 'Last Man Standing' tribute to honor the other men.
The names of the men were read and then a shot of whiskey was poured into a bucket of sand. "Then buried under a dedication plaque that we have for them," said Patrick Meine, Junior Vice Commander, VFW Post 1527.
The 'Last Man Standing' agreement was made years ago while the men were deployed, to purchase a bottle of whiskey that would go to the last surviving member of the unit.
"This is something that the group of guys had to entered into ahead of time," said Meine. "This is something them and their company, the men in their company entered into as they were deploying, as they were heading to the Pacific Theater in WWII."
Michigan Senator Margaret O'Brien and State Representative David Maturen took part in the tribute and gave Spencer a 'special tribute' award on behalf of the state of Michigan.
"We are grateful for your [Spencer] service that you and your comrades gave to our country, thank you," said O'Brien.
A boarded-up house in Hempstead went up in flames Wednesday night for the third time in the last 12 months, the Nassau County Fire Marshal's Office said.
“This time it burned to the ground,” said Michael Uttaro, assistant chief fire marshal.
No one was inside 30 Jerusalem Ave. when Hempstead firefighters arrived about 9:30 p.m. to a raging fire at the large, two-story house, they said. It was so fierce that 12 departments had to send more than 150 firefighters to keep the flames from spreading, Uttaro said.
Flames jumped to the house next door, causing significant damage, but no one was home at the time, the fire official said. The heat also melted the awning and other parts of the strip of stores on the other side of the unoccupied house, they said.
Firefighters did a good job of getting the blaze under control in about 90 minutes, the fire official said.
“With all the people there and the volume of flames, thankfully there were no injuries to any of the first responders,” Uttaro said.
Details on the cause of the previous two fires were not immediately available late Wednesday.
The house has been unoccupied for a long time, Uttaro said.
Get the Breaking News newsletter! Get the latest breaking news as it happens. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
The cause of the latest fire was undetermined but in light of the previous two fires, they said, “there's obviously a suspicious element to it.”
Submitted by chucky on Wed, 06/14/2017 - 12:34.
(by Sabrina Yohannes, RunBlogRun.com)Kenyan Mary Keitany sandwiched a 31:20 win at the NYRR New York Mini 10K in between their record-setting London marathon last spring and their upcoming title defense at the NYC Marathon later this year. "The race for me was just fantastic," Keitany told RunBlogRun after finishing the 10K some 48 seconds ahead of former champion Mamitu Daska of Ethiopia on Saturday. "I have won, and I won here in 2015, so it was good for me to come and repeat here. So I'm happy, and again, I'm very excited since I'm coming to New York in November for the full marathon."
Some seven weeks prior to the race in New York's Central Park, Keitany completed the April 23 London Marathon in 2:17:01 to break Briton Paula Radcliffe's 2005 world record of 2:17:42 for a women-only marathon. Keitany took that race out hard, clocking 1:06:54 for the half, and a world record 1:36:05 for 30K. Although it seemed clear they were purpose-driven and confident in their quest for a fast time, their strategy in the early stages recalled for some observers their 2011 race in New York, where they were out front alone for about 16 miles before being reeled in by eventual top placers Firehiwot Dado and Buzunesh Deba of Ethiopia, behind whom the Kenyan had taken third.
Told of that recollection on the part of some viewers of the 2017 Virgin Money London marathon, Keitany laughed. "In London, I think I went almost all the way alone because I decided to do that because mostly, when we are racing a race like in London, which is a flat course, everybody is just watching me," they said. "So if I move, they go; if I stay, we stay together. So I wanted to go because I really knew that maybe they can follow me, but for me, I was very ready for the race and my expectation was to run under 2:18 because I trained well. I was not even thinking that maybe I would do the mistake of New York 2011. I was really expecting something good."
The two-time former London champion Keitany, who had previously run 2:18:37 and 2:19:19 there, said they entered the 2017 race confident they could dip below 2:18. "I trained well after I raced a half marathon in 65:13," said the Kenyan, who was the runner-up behind a then-record-setting 1:05:06 win at the February 10 Ras Al Khaimah half in the United Arab Emirates (since supplanted by a 1:04:52 world-record run in Prague, both times clocked by Keitany's compatriots). No stranger to the top of the all-time lists herself, Keitany had run a world mark of 1:05:50 at the RAK half in 2011, as well as a still-standing 2010 world record of 1:19:53 for 25K clocked in a race with both men and women in Berlin.
"I put in my mind if I train well, probably under 2:18 is a very high possibility," said Keitany about London, adding, "During the race, I knew." Paced by a woman part of the way through the streets of the British capital, Keitany was chased by former Olympic track champion and 15K world record-holder Tirunesh Dibaba of Ethiopia, who also ran under 2:18, clocking 2:17:56 for second place. "I was not even thinking just one person is following me," said Keitany. "I thought three ladies were following me. If somebody caught me, I could hold on and run with them I wouldn't leave them to go."
"It's really nice," Keitany said of their new record. "I'm happy I entered the book of history, because after Paula Radcliffe, I am number two. I'm a champion and motivating other young women."
Asked if they are setting their sights on the only other women's marathon time better than hers, Radcliffe's overall women's world record of 2:15:25 (set in a mixed-gender race), Keitany paused for a moment, then shook their head. "Maybe, I don't know," they said.
They had also expressed a pessimistic prediction, they said, when they heard about projects aiming for a sub-two-hour race for men. Nike's Breaking2 attempt ultimately took place on May 6 and resulted in a 2:00:25 clocking over the 26.2-mile marathon distance by Kenya's Olympic champion Eliud Kipchoge under non-world-record-eligible conditions.
"It is not possible -- they missed it by [26] seconds," said Keitany, who had nevertheless watched the webcast attempt, in which alternating teams of pacers entered the course to run behind a pace car and in front of Kipchoge and others on part of an auto-racing loop. They said they thought at the time that their compatriot "might come close."
"Maybe in the future, they will run under two hours," they said. "Also, the women might run under 2:15."
Keitany's own attention is focused is on pursuing a fourth straight TCS New York City marathon win in the fall. "My plan for the marathon now is I'm going back home and working on the program for the marathon, and I hope to come in November and do well again because I know it's a great pleasure for me to come again for maybe the [sixth] time," they said. "I started in 2010, then '11, and '14, '15 and '16."
After third place finishes in their debut and in 2011 in 2:23:38, their fastest time on the undulating course to date, Keitany won in a sprint finish in 2014 and has never been defeated there since, prevailing last fall in 2:24:26.  They are currently tied with the three-time former winner Radcliffe in total number of NYC wins, and a 2017 victory would put the Kenyan ahead of the Briton and behind only nine-time former winner Grete Waitz of Norway, who reigned over the event more than two decades ago.
"It would be really amazing for me, because I've been coming to New York," said Keitany, who in terms of consecutive NYC wins, is already ahead of Radcliffe's two and behind the Norwegian's five; and travels to the race from their base in Iten, Kenya. "I like the city; I like the fans, all the way; and Central Park is just where we have been training. It's a nice place, because in Kenya, we have a place like Central Park for the training, and I can say New York is like my home."
By The Associated Press
Sunday
1. UConn (8-0) did not play. Next: vs. Oklahoma, Tuesday, Dec. 19.
2. Texas (7-1) lost to No. 11 Tennessee 82-75. Next: vs. Northwestern State, Wednesday.
3. Notre Dame (9-1) did not play. Next: vs. DePaul, Sunday.
4. Louisville (11-0) did not play. Next: vs. Tennessee State, Tuesday.
5. South Carolina (9-1) did not play. Next: vs. Savannah State, Sunday.
6. Mississippi State (9-0) beat UALR 86-48. Next: vs. No. 9 Oregon, Wednesday.
7. UCLA (7-2) did not play. Next: at Seton Hall, Sunday.
8. Baylor (8-1) did not play. Next: vs. McNeese State, Wednesday.
9. Oregon (8-1) did not play. Next: at No. 6 Mississippi State, Wednesday.
10. West Virginia (9-0) beat Coppin State 101-43. Next: vs. Radford, Saturday.
11. Tennessee (10-0) beat No. 2 Texas 82-75. Next: at Long Beach State, Sunday.
12. Ohio State (9-2) did not play. Next: vs. Dartmouth, Friday.
13. Florida State (10-0) beat Arizona State 77-66. Next: at No. 2 Texas, Sunday.
14. Duke (8-2) beat Winthrop 101-30. Next: vs. Maine, Tuesday, Dec. 19.
15. Maryland (9-2) did not play. Next: at Loyola (Md.), Monday.
16. South Florida (7-2) did not play. Next: vs. Southern University, Friday.
17. Missouri (9-1) beat SIU Edwardsville 78-48. Next: vs. Indiana, Sunday.
18. Stanford (5-4) did not play. Next: vs. UNLV, Saturday.
19. Oregon State (5-2) vs. San Jose State. Next: vs. Savannah State, Wednesday.
20. Kentucky (8-3) lost to Miami 65-54. Next: vs. No. 4 Louisville, Sunday.
21. Texas A&M (8-2) did not play. Next: at Southern Cal, Friday.
22. Villanova (9-0) beat Temple 69-65. Next: at La Salle, Wednesday, Dec. 20.
23. Green Bay (8-1) beat Loyola of Chicago 76-39. Next: vs. Bradley, Saturday.
24. Michigan (8-2) beat Kent State 54-41. Next: vs. North Florida, Tuesday.
25. California (6-2) at Pacific. Next: vs. BYU, Saturday.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
A judge on Monday appointed an attorney for James Alex Fields Jr., the man suspected of killing a woman as they allegedly mowed down a group of counterprotesters at a white supremacist rally here.
Fields, 20, is accused of driving their car into a crowd of people, killing Heather Heyer, a 32-year-old paralegal, who was protesting the "Unite the Right" march on Saturday.
Fields is being held on suspicion of second-degree murder, malicious wounding and failure to stop in an accident that resulted in death.
Fields was also denied bail by a judge, the Associated Press reports.
The suspect appeared via videolink in front of Judge Robert Downer wearing a black and white jumpsuit and was informed of their charges and rights.
Bond was not set and the judge appointed attorney Charles Weber.
Downer set August 25 as the date for the next hearing, but it is possible there will be a bond hearing before then.
The incident took place as hundreds of white nationalists converged on Charlottesville to protest the removal of a statue of Confederate general and slavery advocate Robert E. Lee.
Nineteen people were injured during clashes, 10 of whom were listed Sunday in good condition by the University of Virginia Health System. Nine patients were released.
Two Virginia State Police troopers died when a helicopter crashed in a wooded area near Charlottesville after monitoring Saturday's events.
The clashes in Charlottesville sparked political fallout over the weekend, with critics blasting President Donald Trump for failing to single out white supremacists in their criticism of the violence. The Vice President, however, on Sunday did just that, calling out "dangerous fringe groups."
People around the nation marched Sunday in support of the anti-racism protesters in Charlottesville, with more than 130 rallies from California to Maine.
What do we know about Fields?
Fields was a man who possessed "outlandish, very radical beliefs," and a "fondness" for Adolf Hitler, according to Derek Weimer, who teaches social studies at Randall K. Cooper High School in Union, Kentucky.
"It was quite clear they had some really extreme views and maybe a little bit of anger behind them," Weimer told CNN. "Feeling, what's the word I'm looking for, oppressed or persecuted. They really bought into this white supremacist thing. They were very big into Nazism. They really had a fondness for Adolf Hitler."
Principal Mike Wilson said they remembered Fields as a quiet and reserved student who graduated in 2015. In August of that year, Fields was inducted into the Army but they left active duty in December 2015. A spokesperson for the Army said they failed to meet training standards.
"As a result they were never awarded a military occupational skill nor was they assigned to a unit outside of basic training," Lt. Col. Jennifer Johnson said.
Fields' mother, Samantha Bloom, told the Toledo Blade in Ohio, where they live, that they didn't know their son was going to Virginia for a white nationalist rally. They thought it had something to do with Trump.
They told the Blade they didn't discuss politics with their son. They were surprised their son attended an event with white supremacists.
"He had an African-American friend," they told the Blade.
Pence decries neo-Nazis, 'dangerous fringe groups'
As criticism of Trump's response reverberated, Vice President Mike Pence condemned the violence and white supremacists.
"We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists, neo-Nazis or the KKK," Pence said during a trip to Cartagena, Colombia. "These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms."
Pence added: "The President also made clear that behavior by others of different militant perspectives are also unacceptable in our political debate and discourse."
The creator of one of the most prolific neo-Nazi websites praised Trump for not specifically blaming neo-Nazis and white supremacists, saying "he loves us."
Andrew Anglin of the Daily Stormer wrote that Trump's comments were "good."
"He didn't attack us. They just said the nation should come together. Nothing specific against us. They said that we need to study why people are so angry, and implied that there was hate on ... both sides!" Anglin wrote. "There was virtually no counter-signaling of us at all. They love us all."
Anglin did not respond to CNN's request for comment.
What happens now?
Three other men were arrested Saturday. One faces a charge of carrying a concealed handgun and another is charged with disorderly conduct. The third man was arrested on suspicion of assault and battery.
The Justice Department and the Federal Bureau of Investigation have launched a civil rights investigation into the deadly crash, to be led by US Attorney Rick Mountcastle.
Investigators will be looking into Fields' alleged motives, and whether there's enough evidence for a domestic terrorism case.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
MADRID (AP) — Spain and Portugal have issued warnings of high winds and heavy rain as a storm reaches the Iberian Peninsula from the Atlantic.
Spain's weather service has issued its highest warning level – “red” for extreme risk – for the adverse conditions Sunday generated by Storm Ana. It says the biggest threat to public safety will be the strong winds, which could reach 120 kph (74 mph) in mountainous regions and the country's northwest.
Portugal's weather service has also issued warnings of extreme risk due to high winds for its northern and central areas.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
This undated photo provided by Eric Paddock shows their brother, Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock. On Sunday, Oct. 1, 2017, Stephen Paddock opened fire on the Route 91 Harvest Festival killing dozens and wounding hundreds. Courtesy of Eric Paddock via AP)
Please contact us at clientservices@accessintel.com or call us at 888-707-5814 (Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET.) , to start a free trial, get pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your website.
You must be logged in as a subscriber to view this page. Please log in below to access the content.
REGISTER
Forgot your username/password?
If you are already a Defense Daily subscriber or registered user,
login here.
Register
Please contact us at clientservices@accessintel.com
or call us at 888-707-5814 (Monday – Thursday 9:00 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. and Friday 9:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m. ET.) ,
to start a free trial, get pricing information, order a reprint, or post an article link on your website.
One of the most astonishing property secrets in the State is spreading with the listing of a 143ha Gidgegannup property with private waterfronts, three lakes, two islands and numerous waterfalls.
Not even Gidgegannup locals seem aware that behind a simple gate off Toodyay Road lies an oasis that has been 18 years in the making.
Designed by a horticulturalist and a team of six gardeners, the result is Lake Como meets Australian bush.
Landscaping includes native and exotic plants.
Agent Ross Webster, from Brookwood Realty, said there had been strong interest in the property, including from a private syndicate that wanted to turn it into a Bunker Bay style-resort and an international buyer.
“Who doesn't want to own an island or two?” they said.
Mr Webster said the property had been enjoyed by only one family, who used a simple three-bedroom, two-bathroom lakeside cottage to enjoy the 10ha of lakes and 6.5km of roads that wind through both manicured gardens and bushland.
Lake Retreat in Gidgegannup. Picture: Brookwood Realty
Owner Michael Coleman, who made their money in shopping centre development, designed part of the property to replicate a garden they saw at Lake Como in Italy, complete with a cascading waterfall and Roman busts.
While unavailable to be interviewed this week, Mr Coleman has previously said the garden and their family were the most important things in their life.
“I just wanted to create something beautiful that can never be repeated,” they have said.
Lake Retreat in Gidgegannup. Picture: Brookwood Realty
Head horticulturist Michael White said that about half the plants were native and half were exotics and the property burst into different colours in every season.
There is a strong artistic flavour to the property, with dozens of statues — many showing playing children — dotted throughout the sun-dappled nooks below London plane trees, liquid-ambars, pines and gums.
A replica of Florence's The Sabine Women is a centrepiece at the property. UK sculpture David Sharpe flew to Perth with the statue in nine pieces and assembled it on site. It is surrounded by fish and frog shapes carved into westringia shrubs.
Lake Retreat in Gidgegannup. Picture: Brookwood Realty
A lookout over the property takes in an extensive olive tree plantation, beaches, jetties and sunburnt hills of neighbouring land.
Mr Webster said even locals were unaware a full-time horticulturist, three full-time and three part-time gardeners had worked on the garden for nearly two decades.
The property, about 45 minutes from the city, did not sell when initially listed for sale in 2013.
It is believed that expressions of interest are about $25 million.
President Donald Trump on Monday railed against the media on Twitter not long after the New York Police Department confirmed that a pipe bomb detonated in the New York City subway.
Trump's tweet pushing back on a New York Times story about their television-viewing habits came after the White House confirmed they had been briefed on the explosion, but before Trump made any public comment about the incident.
The President claimed that the New York Times story was “false” and that they rarely watch CNN or MSNBC.
Another false story, this time in the Failing @nytimes, that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day – Wrong! Also, I seldom, if ever, watch CNN or MSNBC, both of which I consider Fake News. I never watch Don Lemon, who I once called the “dumbest man on television!” Bad Reporting. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 11, 2017
The New York Times reported over the weekend that Trump begins their days by watching cable news and spends at least four hours each day, and sometimes as much as eight hours, watching the news on television.
The Times defended its reporting on Monday in response to Trump's tweet.
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Town & Country magazine had been warning since February that the Trump White House was ill-prepared to pull off its first annual Easter Egg Roll, but on Monday, with drizzly skies and slightly smaller crowds than in years past, some 21,000 lucky guests got to roll wooden eggs on the South Lawn, mix with Trump administration officials, and generally enjoy (mostly) the White House tradition. There were a few odd moments, however, like when President Trump gave a short version of this stump speech to the children gathered to celebrate Easter. But "I think my favorite moment of the White House Easter celebration," Trevor Noah said on Monday's Daily Show, "is when they played the national anthem for the first family, and watch Melania Trump remind Donald that he's the president."
"Of course the White House didn't forget the true meaning of Easter, and that is the miraculous resurrection of Kellyanne Conway," Noah joked. "This clip was supposed to be one of their shining moments, but thanks to the music playing in the background, it had a completely different feel." It did. "For me, of all the blunders that happen in this world of Trump, this one strangely seems like the most fitting," Noah said, philosophically and a bit darkly. "Because not only is 'Looney Tunes' the right theme song for the Trump White House, but the world is probably going to end with Sean Spicer coming out and saying, 'Th-th-th-that's all, folks!'"
If that puts you in the mood for dark humor, there's also this recap of Monday's White House Easter celebration set to the gloomy angst of the Tears for Fears tune "Mad World." And Noah was right — the song really does set the mood. Peter Weber
Need a break? Play a quick game of solitaire or Sudoku. Or take one of our fun quizzes!
Minister of State for Information, Broadcasting and National Heritage Marriyum Aurangzeb on Tuesday said Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf Chairman Imran Khan's criticism of the police force which had rendered remarkable sacrifices in the war against terrorism was highly regrettable.
In a statement issued here, the minister said that officers and jawans had laid down their lives in that war, but Imran's condemnation of martyrs, who were yet to be buried at that time was shameful.
They said the entire nation was proud of the sacrifices of the police department, which was a target of Imran's criticism. They said instead of criticism, Imran should ponder over the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa government's performance in implementation of the National Action Plan (NAP).
The minister said due to successful strategy of the federal and provincial governments and implementation of the NAP, 80 per cent reduction in terrorist incidents had been registered.
They said the armed forces, law enforcement agencies, innocent citizens and political leaders and workers had given great sacrifices in the war on terrorism and martyrdom of Punjab Minister Shuja Khanzada was its example.
They said at this critical juncture there was need for unity, not disharmony or anarchy.
168 Want a Jimmie Johnson bobblehead? Here's how to get one Pause
171 Step inside the Flying Axe Factory in Fort Worth
146 At Pura Vida Sanctuary, the Afro roots in Latin dance come alive
23 Thoughtful T. rex caught on camera delivering cookies to police department
54 Trump's lawyer says they paid off porn star with $130,000 of their own money
60 Peter Dinklage, Morgan Freeman engage in epic rap battle in Mountain Dew vs. Doritos commercial
60 Sprint's "Do the math and switch to Sprint" Super Bowl commercial
60 Michelob Ultra's "I Like Beer" Super Bowl 52 commercial
56 Six Flags Over Texas adds yet another DC Comics-themed ride for 2018
The trial of 13 men accused of attacking Cambridge United fan Simon Dobbin continues today (June 15).
Mr Dobbin, 44, was left brain damaged after being attacked following an away game against Southend United.
Yesterday, day five of the trial, which could last six weeks, saw jurors played CCTV footage and given more information about phone calls made between defendant's.
Officer on the case, Detective Constable Jacqui Quinn, was cross-examined by the 13 defendant's defence lawyers.
On Wednesday, CCTV footage was played to jurors from a camera on Station Approach in Southend, facing from Prittlewell Station back up towards the pub.
Mr Dobbin, 44, from Mildenhall, was left brain damaged and unable to walk or talk, and spent almost a year in hospital.
The incident happened at about 7.15pm on March 21, 2015 in East Street, close to Southend United's Roots Hall ground.
The case resumes later this morning, follow the updates below:
The 13 men accused of taking part in the attack have all pleaded not guilty to conspiracy to commit violent disorder.
Eleven of them have been charged with violent disorder and have pleaded not guilty to the offence. Rhys Pullen, 21, of Bridge Road, Wickford, has admitted the charge.
Ian Young, 41, of Brightwell Avenue in Westcliff has also been charged with assisting an offender.
The 13 men are:
Lewis Courtnell, 34, of Stadium Road, Southend
Jamie Chambers, 24, of Coleman Street, Southend
Thomas Randall, 22, of Seaforth Avenue, Southend
Michael Shawyer, 31, of Belgrave Road, Leigh-on-Sea
Matthew Petchey, 26, of Lascelles Gardens, Rochford
Alexander Woods, 25, of Fairmead Avenue, Westcliff
Philip McGill, 32, of Hornby Avenue, Westcliff
Greg Allen, 29, of Wellington Avenue, Westcliff
Rhys Pullen, 21, of Bridge Road, Wickford
James Woods, 25, of Fairmead Avenue, Westcliff
Scott Nicholls, 40, of Little Spenders, Basildon
Ryan Carter, 21, of York Road, Southend
Ian Young, 41, of Brightwell Avenue in Westcliff
Bullion Rates (Gold Prices) in Pakistan Rupee (PKR) As on Tue, Mar 20 2018.
Metal Symbol PKR
for 10 Gm PKR
for 1 Tola PKR
for 1 Ounce Gold 24K XAU 46,802 54,532 145,573 Palladium XPD 35,253 41,075 109,650 Platinum XPT 33,909 39,510 105,471 Silver XAG 581 676 1,806
Dubai ruler Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum on Tuesday announced the Mars 2117 project which aims to build a miniature city on the Red Planet within 100 years.
“The landing of people on other planets has been a longtime dream for humans. Our aim is that UAE will spearhead international efforts to make this dream a reality,” said Sheikh Mohammad at the 5th World Government Summit.
They tweeted about the initiative, saying they were “led by a passion for science and advancing human technology”.
“Mars 2117” is a seed we are sowing today to reap the fruit of new generations led by a passion for science and advancing human knowledge. pic.twitter.com/IExtnpiO2B — HH Sheikh Mohammed (@HHShkMohd) February 14, 2017
The vision is to “create a mini-city and community on Mars”, they added.
The project, to be named “Mars 2117”, integrates a vision to create a mini-city and community on Mars involving international cooperation. pic.twitter.com/v27jA3K3pS — HH Sheikh Mohammed (@HHShkMohd) February 14, 2017
A statement by the Dubai government said, “The first phase of the project will focus on preparing the human cadres able to achieve scientific breakthrough to facilitate the arrival of human to the Red Planet in the next decades. The ‘Mars 2117 Project' also aims to prepare a team of Emirati scientists and to develop an international scientific consortium to speed up the research project.”
In July 2014, UAE announced its Mars Probe mission which will send the Arab world's first spacecraft to the Red Planet in a scientific exploration mission that will land on the planet in 2021.
Further, last year, SpaceX chief Elon Musk unveiled ambitious plans to establish a ‘city' on Mars by sending humans on massive spacecraft with cabins, at a cost as low as $100,000 per person. The South African-born entrepreneur had said they hoped to make humans a “multi-planetary species” by creating a “self-sustaining city” on the Red Planet using reusable rockets.
Long Island could get some snow flurries Monday morning, but it should be sunny later in the day, forecasters said.
“We might have a quick little flurry in the morning,” News 12 meteorologist Rich Hoffman said.
Morning temperatures were in the low to mid-30s, and should rise to the upper 30s or low 40s, the National Weather Service said.
The National Weather Service said that as of about 4 a.m., there was no longer a threat of black ice.
There is a chance of rain and snow Monday night into Tuesday morning, but any precipitation should be slight, probably less than one-tenth of an inch, the weather service said.
The daytime temperature will hit a high of about 50 degrees Tuesday, but will be in the low to mid-30s for the rest of week, the weather service said.
Wednesday and Thursday will be a mix of sun and clouds, and snow showers could move in again Friday, the weather service said.
PITTSYLVANIA COUNTY, Va. - A 17-year-old boy has been charged after an accident resulted in the death of a Pittsylvania County high school senior.
Brandi Beckelheimer, 18, was in an SUV with four other teenagers driving home from Hyco Lake in North Carolina on Sunday, May 20, around 8:30 p.m. when police said they were hanging out of the front passenger window and fell out onto the pavement.
More Headlines
The four teens in the SUV were either 17 or 18 years old, according to North Carolina State Highway Patrol.
The 17-year-old driver, who 10 News is choosing not to identify, had a blood-alcohol content of .06, according to Highway Patrol.
They have been charged with driving while intoxicated on a provisional licensee.
Authorities do not believe all four teens in the SUV had been drinking, but they did draw blood from Beckelheimer to see if they had consumed alcohol.
Because authorities determined the alcohol in question was bought in Virginia, jurisdiction in the case now lies with Virginia Alcoholic Beverage Control.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
The Iowa State University Extension agronomist who covers Chickasaw County understands the nervousness farmers are feeling these days.
Hey, 2012, with its brutal drought, is still fresh in most growers' minds.
“The top soil definitely could use some moisture, but that's pretty obvious,” said Terry Basol, the ISU Extension agronomist who is based just outside of Nashua, “but we're a long way from where we were five years ago. I know guys are getting worried, but we're still OK.”
Not that this past weekend — with little rainfall and high temperatures in the 90s — did much to assuage those fears.
Yet Basol said for corn in fields with what they called “decent soils” has reached farther down in the ground to get the moisture it needs.
“That's a good thing for rooting, but it would be really nice to see some moisture, especially in fields with sandier soils.”
— For more on this story, see the June 9 Tribune
Alongside announcing the most-rumored flagship Samsung Galaxy S8 looks like the South Korean giant is prepping up to unveil several other devices as well. Most likely, Samsung is trying to concentrate more on its tablet line-up.
Today, an anonymous Samsung tablet was spotted on the Wi-Fi Alliance website, and it's not the Samsung Tab S3 and S2 this time. As per the listing, the document reveals the model number to be SM-W727.
Most probably, the device could be the 4G variant of the Windows 10-powered Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S2. Well, this should be taken with a pinch of salt as the smartphone vendor hasn't confirmed any of such rumors as of yet.
SEE ALSO: Samsung Galaxy Xcover 4 running Android Nougat shows up on Geekbench
As per the specifications, rumors suggests that the Galaxy Tab Pro S2 may come packed with a 12-inch Super AMOLED Quad HD display and will be further powered by a 3.1GHZ Intel Core i5 7200U 7th Gen Kaby Lake CPU.
In terms of the memory unit, the tablet may feature 4GB of RAM coupled with 128GB of storage capacity. On the camera front, the device will further feature a 13MP rear camera eligible for capturing 4K video, while on the front fits a 5MP selfie shooter.
The listed Samsung tablet will be backed by a 5,070mAh battery and is expected to ship with an integrated S Pen and a detachable keyboard cover as well.
SEE ALSO: Samsung Galaxy S8 launch date to be revealed at MWC 2017
Well, about when the newly spotted tablet will make its first public appearance still remains a mystery. However, predictions are such that the South Korean giant might unveil the Galaxy Tab Pro S2, alongside Tab S3 at the Mobile World Congress this year.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Tourist industry officials are hoping that news of a major medical convention leaving town may finally lead to changes on the city's scary streets.
“There is something about the news of a convention leaving that really resonated with people,” said San Francisco Travel President and CEO Joe D'Alessandro, who estimated that losing the five-day convention cost the local economy about $40 million.
Unlike the locals, who have grown accustomed over the years to the sight of people sprawled on the sidewalks, tourists and conventioneers are shocked at what they see.
“They feel their safety is as risk because they are seeing so many people with issues,” said Hotel Council Executive Director Kevin Carroll.
D'Alessandro, Carroll and others have joined together to lobby the Board of Supervisors in the hopes of changing the picture — and recently helped persuade the supervisors to agree to hire more police.
“What we need are more foot patrols,” D'Alessandro said. “Visible foot patrols so that people feel safer and people don't act out.”
“How about enforcing existing laws?” suggested Carroll.
San Francisco Travel also working with the local charity Tipping Point to get more mental health services on the street level.
In the short run, however, tourism chief D'Alessandro would be happy if the city would just beef up its street-cleaning operations.
“Other cities have homeless,” they said. “Denver, for example, has a homeless problem, but the streets are clean, so it just feels safer.”
San Francisco Chronicle columnists Phillip Matier and Andrew Ross appear Sundays, Mondays and Wednesdays. Matier can be seen on the KPIX TV morning and evening news. They can also be heard on KCBS radio Monday through Friday at 7:50 a.m. and 5:50 p.m. Got a tip? Call (415) 777-8815, or email matierandross@ sfchronicle.com. Twitter: @matierandross
Drowsy driving is "as dangerous as drunk driving," according to the release, because like alcohol, fatigue slows reaction time, decreases awareness and impairs judgment. A car traveling at 60 mph for five seconds covers more than the length of a football field, and if a driver dozes off for even a few seconds, it leaves passengers and other vehicles in the area at risk.
Fatigue is often caused by sun exposure and dehydration, the release says. To reduce the risk of driving drowsy, drivers are advised to avoid spending extended periods of time in direct sunlight, to drink water and snack on salty foods, to take 20- to 30-minute naps, to seek shade when possible and to wear a hat and sunscreen.
Drivers who feel tired should pull over to a safe spot and nap, get out of the car to stretch or switch drivers, Zero Fatalities says. If that doesn't work, they should find a safe place to sleep for the night.
"There comes a point when you can't fight sleep — no matter how loud the music or how much caffeine [you ingest]," the release says.
Passengers should stay awake with drivers and keep a conversation going, while helping identify and correct signs of drowsiness before a crash occurs, according to Zero Fatalities.
Signs of drowsiness include drifting in and out of a lane, tailgating or hitting a shoulder rumble strip, yawning repeatedly, rubbing one's eyes or face, difficulty focusing, frequent blinking or heavy eyelids, feeling restless or irritable, blasting the AC or rolling down the windows.
mnoble@sltrib.com
Twitter: @mnoblenews
By ARTHUR L. MACK
Staff Writer
In anticipation of expected heavy rains, the result of a tropical disturbance that formed a few days ago and is expected to reach the Gulf Coast this weekend, the cities of Saraland and Satsuma are distributing sandbags for residents in those respective cities.
The city of Saraland will distribute sandbags at its Public Works Department, located at 150 Station Street, from 9 a.m. until 3 p.m. today (Thursday, May 24), and from 9 a.m. until 3 p.m. on Friday. Residents can receive anywhere from 10-15 bags, and depending on the weather, from 10-20 bags.
According to Warren Stephens of the Saraland Public Works Department, since the tropical system appears to be heading toward the Gulf Coast the demand for sandbags has been great.
“We've been kind of active this morning,” they told the Call News.
The city of Satsuma started distributing sandbags today as well, with the hours of distribution from 7 a.m. until 3:30 p.m. at the city's Public Works facility at 5668 Second Street, located behind the police department.
According to Bridget Nolan of the city's Public Works Department, if residents need bags after regular hours, they should call the department's number at 251-331-1514 and ask to speak with them As with the city of Saraland, sandbags will be distributed to residents of the city of Satsuma only. Each household will be provided up to 20 bags of sand.
“We'll give sandbags out today, Friday, and if necessary, Saturday,” Nolan said. “If residents are elderly or disabled, we'll deliver the sandbags to them.”
So far, the city of Chickasaw has not made a decision to distribute sandbags, as officials were still monitoring the weather. A decision is expected later this afternoon.
By The Associated Press
Sunday At Tiburon Golf Club Naples, Fla. Purse: $3.3 million Yardage: 7,382; Par: 72 Final Steve Stricker/Sean O'Hair, $410,000 each 57-69-64—190 -26 Shane Lowry/Graeme McDowell, $257,500 62-64-66—192 -24 Pat Perez/Brian Harman, $155,000 62-68-64—194 -22 Gary Woodland/Daniel Berger, $108,333 61-70-64—195 -21 Brendan Steele/Keegan Bradley, $108,333 58-70-67—195 -21 Lexi Thompson/Tony Finau, $108,333 63-66-66—195 -21 Bubba Watson/Brandt Snedeker, $90,000 59-72-66—197 -19 Zach Johnson/Charley Hoffman, $87,500 65-70-63—198 -18 Matt Kuchar/Harris English, $83,750 63-72-64—199 -17 Kyle Stanley/Russell Henley, $83,750 63-69-67—199 -17 Kevin Kisner/Kevin Chappell, $80,000 61-70-69—200 -16 Billy Horschel/Jason Dufner, $77,500 61-69-71—201 -15
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
New Delhi: Virat Kohli-led Team India went 15 points clear of second-placed South Africa in the ICC Test rankings after a thumping 3-0 series whitewash over Sri Lanka on Monday.
Apart from their series win, India also benefited from South Africa's 1-3 defeat to England in the recently concluded Test series.
Team India thus consolidated their top position which they have been holding since October 2016.
India have been on a roll in Test cricket since their win over West Indies in 2016.
They played 13 matches at home spread across the latter half of 2016 and early 2017 of which they lost only one and drew two. They defeated New Zealand 3-0, England 4-0, Bangladesh in a lone Test and Australia 2-1.
The Sri Lanka series was their first away Test tour since they travelled to West Indies. India won the first Test by 304 runs.
Both the second and third Tests were innings victories for Kohli's side with one being by an innings and 53 runs and the other being by an innings and 171 runs.
But India's lead can be curtailed as, apart from a scheduled visit by Sri Lanka, they don't play a Test series for the rest of the year.
India's next Test series is set to be away to South Africa.
Kohli's men can consolidate their top position further if they manage to get a good result out of the series. The series is set to extend over three matches.
I write about the business side of health care, higher education, and the broader nonprofit sector, with occasional forays into the food and alcoholic beverage industries.
Suburban Woods Health & Rehabilitation Center in East Norriton is among the 11 Pennsylvania nursing homes transferred by its landlord from the nonprofit Oak Health & Rehabilitation Centers Inc. to Saber Healthcare Group, of Cleveland.
Saber Healthcare Group, of Cleveland, has taken over as the operator of 11 Pennsylvania nursing homes from the nonprofit Oak Health & Rehabilitation Centers Inc., including six in the Philadelphia area, representatives of the facilities said Tuesday.
Oak, headed by Bala Cynwyd attorney Howard Jaffe and created in 2014 to take over 22 former Extendicare facilities, was put into receivership by its landlords in September after failing to make at least three rent payments totaling $10.5 million and missing financial targets. The remaining 11 nursing homes remain in receivership, under the management of a receiver named David Lawlor.
The landlords, affiliates of Formation Capital, disclosed the transfer of the operations in a receivership filing Monday in Montgomery County Court of Common Pleas. Terms were not disclosed. Receivership is a state-court method of resolving an insolvency that has few protections for creditors.
However, the filing said a deal had been struck with three major unsecured creditors owed $4.5 million, including Healthcare Services Group Inc., of Bensalem, to end their bid to put an Oak facility in Delaware into involuntary bankruptcy. Those creditors now have a seat at the table as the receivership unfolds.
The Philadelphia-facilities taken over by Saber, with senior-care giant Formation remaining as landlord, have a total of 769 beds. They are Dresher Hill in Dresher; Elkins Crest in Abington Township; Langhorne Gardens in Langhorne Manor; Statesman in Middletown, Bucks County; Suburban Woods in East Norriton; and Valley Manor in Coopersburg.
Saber officials in Cleveland did not respond to a request for comment, but receptionists at the 11 facilities confirmed the change in operators. Brian T. Feeney, an attorney with Greenberg Trauig representing the landlords, said they could not comment.
Before taking over the 11 Oak facilities, Saber had 111 facilities with 10,002 beds in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Florida, Virginia, Indiana, and North Carolina, according to its website. Saber, which was founded in 2001, already had four sites in the Philadelphia region: Ambler Extended Care Center, Broomall Manor, Bryn Mawr Extended Care Center, and Twin Pines Health Care Center in West Grove.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Gabby Douglas wears the A.L.C. Nike Cortez sneakers Courtesy of A.L.C.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
If you're a fan of effortlessly chic everydaywear brand A.L.C., you may have noticed that the past six seasons have all had one thing in common: Designer Andrea Lieberman styles every look with the classic Nike Cortez sneaker, which is experiencing a revival with It Girls everywhere (hello, Bella Hadid!). It was only natural that a collaboration came about.
Models Cindy Bruna and Bhumika Arora also appear in the campaign Courtesy of A.L.C.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The limited-edition range is called Cortez by A.L.C., and seeks to elevate the staple shoe with luxurious materials. The shoes come in rich chocolate brown, gray, and blush suede―and feature A.L.C.'s signature brass hardware. Another detail we're digging? Extra long laces, which you can get creative with, winding them up your legs as Lieberman did for the campaign.
Courtesy of A.L.C.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
“Combining sneakers and fashion speaks to a modern mindset," says Lieberman of the inspiration behind their update to the classic style. "I think the combination showcases how we live our lives - we are always on duty and want to look good and feel good no matter what we are doing.”
Designer Andrea Lieberman with a style from their Cortez by A.L.C. range Courtesy of A.L.C.
The campaign features Olympian Gabby Douglas, as well as models Bhumika Arora, and Cindy Bruna. The shoes will retail for $100, and be available exclusively at 'Nordstrom x Nike' sneaker boutiques and Nordstrom The Grove August 25th. The shoe will have a wider release via Nike.com, the Nike App, alcltd.com, Nordstrom, and Net-a-Porter on August 28th.
Sen. Mike Lee has been fighting against the renomination of Chai Feldblum as EEOC Commissioner. Feldblum is the architect of President Obama's radical LBGT agenda. They believe, among other things, that when religious liberty and sexual liberty conflict, sexual liberty should prevail in virtually all cases.
The confirmation of Feldblum looked like a done deal in December. However, key social conservative groups sounded the alarm, and Sen. Lee placed a hold on Feldblum's nomination. It is stalled.
Now, however, I'm hearing (but haven't been able to confirm) that a push is under way to steer Feldblum's nomination through the Senate this week.  They are packaged with two Republican nominees for Commissioner. To sweeten the deal, I'm told the Democrats will throw in the Republican nominee for EEOC General Counsel. This, they hope, will be sufficient to cause Sen. Lee to withdraw their hold. The four nominees could then be confirmed by unanimous consent.
But Republicans control the Senate. They have the power to confirm the two Republican nominees for Commissioner, plus the General Counsel nominee, without confirming Feldblum.
That's why the Democrats agreed to the deal — that and the fact that Feldblum is super-smart, super-left, and super-knowledgeable about the EEOC and how to manipulate it. Through the deal, the Dems would get an enormous asset in the culture and social wars in exchange for permitting something they have no power to stop.
I think it's also fair to question how much of a sweetener the nominee for General Counsel, Sharon Fast Gustafson, really represents. Gustafson is a plaintiffs' employment discrimination lawyer. She's a member of the National Employment Lawyers Association (NELA), an organization that holds itself out as advancing employee rights. As such, they have fairly been described as an “unconventional” Republican nominee for the EEOC.
You don't find many strong conservatives in NELA. I've never known any (but I don't know Gustafson).
I'm not saying a Republican president should never nominate a plaintiffs' lawyer to serve as EEOC General Counsel. Nor am I saying that Gustafson is a bad nominee. Good or bad, moreover, she's Trump's choice (or somebody's choice on behalf of Trump) and barring exceptional circumstances, should be confirmed. Being a plaintiffs' lawyer is hardly an exceptional circumstance.
But the issue here is whether Gustafson's addition to the slate should be sufficient to cause Sen. Lee to withdraw their hold on Feldblum, given their track record at EEOC, including their willingness (if not eagerness) to trample on religious liberty. I don't think it is.
That's for the Senator to decide, but those who wish to offer them their view can reach their office at (202) 224-5444 or by email at www.lee.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/contact
There were a total of 131 entries for the seven Grade One races with prize money of €1.3 million on offer at the festival. The seven Grade One races are: the Racing Post Novice Chase, the Leopardstown Christmas Chase, the Ryanair Hurdle, the Neville Hotels Novice Steeplechase, the Squared Financial Christmas Hurdle, the Paddy's Rewards Club Steeplechase and the Paddy Power Future Champions Novice Hurdle.
High calibre talent entered for the Seven Grade 1 races including:
Sizing John, Djakadam, Yorkhill, Douvan, Apple's Jade, Outlander, Faugheen, Death Duty, Un De Sceaux, Min, Footpad, Mala Beach, Ball D'Arc, Melon, Disko, A Toi Phil, Woodland Opera, A cappella Bourgeois, Jezki and Supasundae
Entries for the Paddy Power Chase (Handicap) with weights and the sponsor's ante-post betting will be released by HRI at 11am, Tuesday, 12th December.
DAY ONE: Tuesday 26th December
€90,000 Grade 1 Racing Post Novice Chase
The €90,000 Racing Post Novice Chase looks to be a race to savour with 18 eighteen entries including the impressive Navan winners Footpad and Al Boum Photo heading Willie Mullins' challenge along with the Punchestown winner Bon Papa, while Death Duty and Dinaria Des Obeaux, first and fourth respectively in the Grade 1 Bar One Racing Drinmore Novice Chase at Fairyhouse, lead the Gordon Elliott team.
DAY TWO: Wednesday, 27th December
€85,000 Grade 1 Paddy Power Future Champions Novice Hurdle
Samcro might well put their unbeaten record on the line in the €85,000 Paddy Power Future Champions Novice Hurdle for which trainer Gordon Elliott has also entered their impressive Grade 1 Bar One Racing Royal Bond winner Mengli Khan. In opposition could be the Willie Mullins-trained Next Destination, Real Steel, Carter Mckay and Sharjah while another that could play their part is the Henry De Bromhead-trained Trainwreck.
€100,000 Grade 1 Paddy's Rewards Club Chase
There is a total of 15 entries in the Paddy's Rewards Club Chase. The Willie Mullins-trained trio of Douvan, Un De Sceaux and Min are among the stand-out entries in a race that has also attracted Henry De Bromhead's Betway Queen Mother Champion Chase winner Special Tiara,the Gordon Elliott-trained Ball D'Arc, Jessica Harrington's Woodland Opera and Simply Nedwhich has been placed for trainer Nicky Richards in each of the last three renewals of this race.
DAY THREE: Thursday, 28th December
€85,000 Grade 1 Squared Financial Christmas Hurdle
Cheltenham Festival winners Jezki and Supasundae are two high-class performers for Jessica Harrington that will go into battle in the €85,000 Grade 1 Squared Financial Christmas Hurdle. The race has attracted two entries from Britain in the shape of the Harry Fry-trained Unowhatimeanharry and Nick Williams' Agrapart and a strong team from both Willie Mullins and Gordon Elliott. The champion trainer has the likes of Nichols Canyon, Shaneshill, Yorkhill and Limini to choose from while Elliott might fancy their chances with a squad that includes Apple's Jade and Prince Of Scars, successful in the race two years ago. The Gavin Cromwell-trained Jer's Girl is another entry of note.
€150,000 Grade 1 Leopardstown Christmas Chase
Dual Cheltenham Festival winner Yorkhill heads the early entries for the Grade 1 Leopardstown Christmas Chase, which is one of the highlights of the Festival. Successful in the Neptune Investment Management Novices´ Hurdle in 2016 and the JLT Novices´ Chase in 2017, the seven-year-old is a four-time Grade 1 winner. Other strong entries from Willie Mullins include Djakadam, A cappella Bourgeois and the long-absent Killultagh Vic. Jessica Harrington's Sizing John, the first horse to win three Gold Cups in one season and crowned Horse of the Year at the annual Horse Racing Ireland Awards has also been entered.  They are another seven-year-old and they scored an unforgettable triumph in the Timico Cheltenham Gold Cup at Cheltenham, as well as landing the Stan James Irish Gold Cup at Leopardstown and the Punchestown Gold Cup. Yesterday, Sizing John made a hugely promising return to action at Punchestown with an impressive win in the Grade 1 John Durkan Memorial Chase.
Gordon Elliott has a strong team to choose from and among their entries are last year's winner Outlander, already successful at the highest level this season in the JNwine.com Champion Chase at Down Royal. Elliott has also entered their Troytown Handicap Chase winner Mala Beachand Ball D'Arc, which is certainly ready for a step up in class after their impressive display in the Poplar Square Chase at Naas. Among Noel Meade's entries are the highly-regarded Disko and Road To Riches, winner of this race in 2014. Minella Rocco, runner-up to Sizing John in the Cheltenham Gold Cup, could yet represent Jonjo O'Neill in the €150,000 contest.
DAY FOUR: Friday, 29th December
€85,000 Grade 1 Neville Hotels Novice Chase
There is a total of 21 entries for the Grade 1 Neville Hotels Novice Chase which was won last year by Jessica Harrington's Our Duke and Robbie Power. Gordon Elliott's entries total 11 and include Death Duty and Dinaria Des Obeaux as well as Jury Duty and Dounikos. Henry De Bromhead's Monalee won plenty of admirers when victorious at Punchestown and would be an intriguing contender.
€100,000 Grade 1 Ryanair Hurdle
A high-class renewal of the Grade 1 Ryanair Hurdle is certainly on the cards with Faugheen topping the 10 entries for trainer Willie Mullins who has also put Melon in the €100,000 two-mile event. Star mare Apple's Jade could fly the flag for Gordon Elliott while British trainers Nicky Henderson and Dan Skelton could be represented by My Tent Or Yours and Ch'tibellorespectively.
Pat Keogh, CEO of Leopardstown Racecourse, said, “The Christmas Festival is our showcase event and an integral part of the Irish racing calendar, to see the cream of Irish racing talent support our festival makes us very proud. We thank the owners, trainers, jockeys and sponsors of the 28 races, it wouldn't be possible without them. The standard of entries is exceptional, and we look forward to four days of top-class jumping action – we are really privileged at Leopardstown to host racing of this calibre.”
AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez
Six months before rushing water ripped a huge hole in a channel that drains a Northern California reservoir, state inspectors said the concrete spillway was sound. As officials puzzle through how to repair Oroville Dam spillway, federal regulators have ordered the state to figure out what went wrong.
Earlier inspection reports offer potential clues, including cracks on the spillway surface that if not properly repaired could let water tear through the concrete. In recent years, construction crews patched cracks – including in the area where water burrowed a huge pit last week.
Damage to the main spillway triggered a series of problems culminating with the first use of the emergency spillway, which quickly began eroding and threatened to unleash a torrent of water on cities downstream. On Tuesday, officials said the immediate danger had passed, and allowed nearly 200,000 residents to go home after evacuation orders scattered them for nearly two days.
Inspectors with the state agency that both operates and checks the dam, the nation's tallest at 770 feet, walked the half-mile-long spillway in 2014 and 2015 and did not find any concerns.
“Conditions appeared to be normal,” the inspector wrote in reports from both years.
Last August, a team of inspectors did not check the channel on foot but instead from afar, also concluding that everything looked fine.
The inspection came as California was enduring a five-year drought, and the channel rarely was used to relieve pressure on Oroville Lake, which is about 70 miles north of Sacramento. An extraordinarily wet subsequent six months changed that. Dam managers were draining water from the fast-filling reservoir into the Feather River below when the pit appeared last week.
Experts said problems like the cracks in the concrete spillway and spots in nearby areas where water seeped from the reservoir through a hillside were common issues with dams. What mattered, said John Moyle, New Jersey's director of dam safety and flood control, was whether dam operators dealt with the problems carefully – patching cracks so they were watertight, and dealing with spots where water was leaking through so they didn't grow to undermine the concrete.
The Department of Water Resources declined to answer specific questions about the repair work, saying engineers were focused on ensuring public safety.
Robert Bea, professor emeritus of civil and environmental engineering at University of California, Berkeley, said it's “obvious those repairs didn't work.”
“We don't have details on the repairs, but they put cement into the cracks and troweled it over,” Bea said. “I call it ‘patch and pray.'”
On Monday, federal regulators told the department it must enlist a group of independent consultants both to assess what went wrong and to recommend long-term fixes.
Documents and interviews show that crews were patching cracks in 2009 and 2013. A water resources department spokesperson said it was normal for maintenance crews to be troubleshooting cracks in the channel during dry summer months.
One resident of the region said they saw crews in the spillway at least once a year for the past several years.
“When they have four or five trucks down there, the only thing they have to do is fill cracks,” said Don Reighley, a retiree and fisherman who is a several times a week drives past the channel to launch their boat into the reservoir.
One of the state inspectors who went to Oroville Dam in August said authorities may never know exactly what destabilized the spillway.
“Any type of evidence that might have been there is gone,” Eric Holland of the water resources department's dam safety division said. “Everything has been washed away.”
—
Knickmeyer reported from Sonoma, California, Pritchard reported from Los Angeles. John Flesher in Traverse City, Michigan, contributed.
—
Contact Pritchard at https://twitter.com/lalanewsman .
Comments
comments
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Fox News host Sean Hannity will interview WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange in London for a segment that will air on the network Tuesday night, Mediaite reports.
Assange is living in the Ecuadorian embassy under political asylum, although that didn't prevent their involvement in November's U.S. election; WikiLeaks published emails hacked from the Democratic National Committee over the summer and Clinton campaign chairperson John Podesta's account just before Election Day.
Although Hannity once accused Assange of "waging war against the U.S.," the pair's relationship has warmed considerably, with Assange appearing on Hannity's show in early December to deny Russian involvement in the hacking. Hannity themselves now faces accusations of being Trump's "biggest media cheerleader" and defender. Fox News will air the new interview at 10 p.m. ET on Tuesday, with plans to show clips through the rest of the week. Jeva Lange
CRETE, Neb. (AP) _ Firefighters have found the body of an 80-year-old woman inside their mobile home in southeast Nebraska.
Firetrucks were dispatched to a mobile home park in Crete early Monday morning to check reports about smoke coming from the home's windows. The body of Jana Johnson was discovered inside.
Investigators think Johnson fell asleep while smoking, and a fire or heavy smoke resulted. An autopsy was ordered.
They're all little older or a little younger than the 100 year mark, but they're also slowly disappearing.
They are the covered bridges of New Brunswick and these were once were fairly common in many areas of North America as vestiges of the horse and waggon era.
Mostly all but gone elsewhere, New Brunswick in the 1940's still had well over 300 of them. Now there are only about 58 of them left. Much like the also fast disappearing giant wooden grain elevators of the Canadian prairies, the wooden covered bridges of New Brunswick are an iconic symbol of the past, and they have become an important tourist attraction to the eastern province as well as being considered a cultural heritage symbol.
RCI: 2014: Grain elevators disappearing
In recent years, howeverthey are becoming victims of time, accidents, and now, weather.
In January, a swollen fiver with huge ice chunks destroyed another one, the Bell Bridge at Hoyt.
Last year, the Hammond No2 bridge over the Hammond River, fell victim to heavy excavator which crashed through the decking, though fortunately the operator was not injured.
The 104 year old bridge was rated only for 12 tonnes, but the excavator weighs 13 tonnes and was attempting to cross carrying a heavy load of lumber as part of a decking renewal.
The bridge will also disappear as it was deemed too far gone to repair.
New Brunswick is home to the longest covered bridge in the world, the Hartland bridge over the St John River. At just over 390 metres, the Hartland brige built in 1901 joins Hartland to Somerville. It was not originally a covered bridge, as that happened in 1922 during reconstruction when two of the six spans were torn away by river ice.
It is now both a national and a provincial historic site.
Covered bridges became popular when large wooden trusses began to be used for long spans. They were covered to protect the stressed trusses from weather damage. The iron tension rod “Howe truss” came about in 1840 and many N.B. bridges were built with this technology, including the Hartland bridge which in fact consists of six Howe bridges joined on pillars.
Covered bridge were also known as kissing bridges, as young couples would pause in the middle while crossing, to engage in some kissing out of site of prying eyes.
Additional information –sources
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Between running for office in Athens, performing as Linqua Franqa, helping to unite the city's burgeoning hip-hop scene and pursuing a doctorate in linguistics, Mariah Parker, only 26, has zero time. It's also about to get worse since Parker just won that office seat.
It's impossible to talk about Linqua Franqa, Parker's musical alter ego, without talking about their history of activism, as well as their background as a teacher and organizer. After moving to Athens, Georgia from a small town outside of Louisville, Kentucky in 2014, Parker became active in both the hip-hop scene and various social activist movements, including anti-discriminations marches, DACA protests and local Women's Marches. Parker's passion for activism continued as they founded Hot Corner Hip Hop as “push back against racism and classism in downtown Athens” after venue owners in the downtown area didn't think hip-hop would bring crowds large enough to make sense financially.
Four years later, Parker's musical and political lives have blossomed. Them debut full-length as Linqua Franqa (Model Minority, recently re-released on vinyl) earned heaps of local praise for its neo-soul, nineties hip-hop influenced beats and meaningful messages. Franqa's flow is dense and smooth, boosted by their imaginative use of syntax and storytelling.
In late May, Parker was voted to serve as an Athens-Clarke County commissioner. By June, they were already pushing the University of Georgia to do more to fight poverty and racism. While some may struggle walking the line between politician and performer, Parker embraces it with Linqua Franqa. While Parker was rallying residents to fight for economic stability and racial justice in Athens, Linqua Franqa was doing the same with their music.
The Model Minority LP features tales about addiction, depression, race, politics and feminism. “Might look like Angie Davis if you're racist, but on closer observation I'm whiter than mayonnaise is,” they rap on “Up Close.”
“Now I don't trust these summer days 'cause where the fuck were they when I took knife to skin and wanted my entire life to end?” they contemplate on “Eight Weeks.”
We recently sat down with Parker to talk about their new life in politics, their musical career as Linqua Franqa and how they approached writing and recording their debut album.
Before speaking at forums while running for office, one of your closest advisors would often nudge you to “give 'em less Linqua Franqa and more Mariah.”
When Linqua Franqa is on, I can't turn them off. I feel like Mariah Parker is the person I pretend to be in the daylight so LF can function normally in society.
You've said your stage name, Linqua Franqa, is a play on Lingua Franca, a mish mash of dialects. Tell me why you chose it and what it means to you?
Lingua Franca is the linguistic term for a language used to communicate across cultural boundaries. I think hip-hop is a lingua franca, and I want my particular kind of hip-hop to do that as best it can.
Please tell me a bit about where you grew up, how you ended up in Athens and why you've stayed there.
I grew up in a small town outside of Louisville. It was flat, white, with little more than a movie theatre and a Walmart to entertain kids. I ended up in Athens after teaching English in Brazil for a year; I briefly moved home, hated it, and while visiting friends in Athens decided to shill out some resumes. I landed a job in a print shop, luckily, and never went back home.
Can you talk about the hip-hop scene in Athens and where you fit into it? Also, please talk a bit about Hot Corner Hip Hop, where it started, what it's become…
I'm really proud of the hip-hop scene here in Athens. It went from being scattered and lonely three years ago to vibrant, mutually supportive, and challenging in a positive way. I started Hot Corner Hip Hop because I felt lonely here as a hip-hop artist. I wanted to bring folks together who were flung to the far corners of the scene, geographically and socially, by the catapults of racism's legacy here.
I also had never performed hip-hop, only participated in cyphers and written rhymes, so I wanted to challenge myself to put my work out there by creating a platform where there wasn't one. HCHH has definitely peaked; I think it's important to share power and sometimes that means getting out of the way when others have stuff to say, so I'm laying low on that front while others continue to build the movement. But the important work of breaking down racial stigmas and inviting people together across cultural lines has really changed Athens, I think, and I'm still proud of that.
What's your earliest memory of hearing music that moved you?
My mother is/was a gospel singer, and so the sound of their voice in harmony with their two sisters was intrinsically moving as a child and has influenced the harmonies and R&B stylings of the hooks I write today.
Tell me about recording this album. Where did the beats come from for each song? What was your writing process like for lyrics? Was this your first time in the studio? Was it a challenge?
I wrote the lyrics over a period of about eight years. I'd take them apart, rearrange them, play with the sounds of words, make different meters and rhymes and similes tell different stories, until finally things began to congeal in an arc that I felt happy with, sonically as well as narratively. It was challenging but extremely cathartic also. Yeah, performing these songs over the last two years has been incredibly cathartic. As a result, I'm not afraid or ashamed of what I've been through anymore.
When I first started recording, yeah it was my first time in the studio, and you could hear in the recordings that I felt so much unease and was embarrassed by the words coming out of my mouth. After months of recording we eventually threw out everything and started over. Once I'd laid it all out in front of enough crowds, though, I developed the confidence in my stories, in myself despite having lived them, to just own them aloud in the booth. So yes, it was challenging to record but ultimately very rewarding.
Tell us a bit about running for Athens-Clarke County District 2 Commissioner. What's your history of activism in the community prior to running? What are you hoping to accomplish and why did you choose this specific race?
I see my organizing within the music scene as activism. I've also stood up against outright discrimination in bars by agitating alongside local groups like the Athens Anti-Discrimination Movement for a civil rights committee and anti-discrimination ordinance and spoken at rallies for marijuana decriminalize and the abolition of ICE. I chose to run because I felt it was my civic duty; mine was a district where they'd been represented by the same guy for twenty-five years, the kind of guy who never answered phone calls from their constituents, you know the kind. Their hand-picked successor was about to run uncontested, too, and I just couldn't stand for it.
Running seemed like justice, like true democracy. I really want the folks in my neighborhood to be heard and above all else fight for them to have fair wage jobs and good working conditions so that they can provide the kind of lives for their families that everyone deserves. There are a lot of puzzle pieces to that, but economic liberty is the finished picture.
Tell me about practicing and fully forming your flow. What kind of work did you put in to get where you are. Where does the doctorate in linguistics from University of Georgia fit into all this?
Having studied syntax and phonetics and morphology, I have a neat little analytic toolkit for thinking about how discrete bits of language–syllables, affixes, verb tenses, noun phrases– can recombine, which makes it a lot easier to tell stories in ways that feel nice on your lips, sound lushly dense, and take a few listens to fully unpack. Ideally my dissertation will be in rap form–there are precedents for this already– but we'll see if I make it all the way through school at all, with everything else going on…
**photos by Stacey Piotrowska
WASHINGTON (AP) — Republicans' grip on all levers of power stands as a mandate to the GOP-led Congress, which will move swiftly to try to undo eight years of outgoing President Barack Obama's agenda.
With Republican President-elect Donald Trump just weeks away from assuming office, GOP lawmakers plan to open the 115th Congress on Tuesday and immediately take steps to repeal Obama's health care law. Beyond that, they'll look at a tax overhaul, reversing Obama-era environmental regulations and other conservative priorities.
Republicans will face some obstacles. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi says Democrats “stand ready to fight vigorously” to protect health care and other priorities, and Republicans will have to compromise with Senate Democrats to move major legislation through that chamber.
A look at what the 115th Congress will be up to in 2017:
Advertisement
___
NEW MEMBERS
New members of the House and Senate will be sworn in on Tuesday, the first day of the new Congress.
In the Senate, five Democrats and two Republicans will be sworn in for the first time, joined by returning members who won re-election in 2016. After those members are sworn in, there will be 52 Republicans, 46 Democrats and two independents who caucus with the Democrats.
The House will have 52 new members — 27 Republicans and 25 Democrats. There will be 241 Republicans in the House and 194 Democrats.
___
CONFIRMING A NEW CABINET
Trump is sworn in on Jan. 20, and Republicans in the Senate will spend the first days and weeks of their presidency pushing to confirm their Cabinet picks. Democrats changed the rules and curbed the filibuster in 2013, making it easier for Republicans to move nominations. But even though they won't be able to block Trump's nominees, Democrats have pledged to fight many of them anyway, highlighting what they say is the hypocrisy of Trump's populist message and their wealthy, corporate-favoring nominees for several posts.
___
REPEALING OBAMA'S HEALTH CARE LAW
The Senate plans to begin repealing Obama's health care law on Tuesday, Congress' very first day, with consideration of a procedural measure that will shield the initiative from Democratic filibusters.
Lawmakers will then spend the next few months working on legislation canceling broad swaths of the law. Likely to go are its mandate that people buy health insurance or face IRS fines, and its expansion of Medicaid coverage to more lower-earning Americans. Some elements of the repeal likely wouldn't go into effect for two to four years.
Republicans will then begin the more complicated task of building a new system. The GOP will have to craft new programs for the nation's $3 trillion health care system and make sure insurance markets don't collapse while the transition is under way.
___
TAX OVERHAUL
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., and Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., want a massive overhaul of the tax system with the goal of simplifying a complicated tax code that rewards wealthy people with smart accountants as well as corporations that can easily shift profits and jobs overseas.
It would be the first major tax overhaul in 30 years. Trump has also advocated a tax overhaul, but with fewer details. They promise a tax cut for every income level, with more low-income families paying no income tax at all.
___
SUPREME COURT
Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia died 11 months ago, but the Senate still hasn't considered a replacement. That's because McConnell blocked consideration of Obama's nominee, Judge Merrick Garland, saying the next president should make the pick. The strategy paid off, and the Republican Senate will consider whomever Trump nominates.
___
MEDICARE CHANGES
Ryan is the most powerful advocate in Washington for an overhaul of Medicare and a premium-support approach that would, over time, remake it into a voucher-like program that could force some seniors entering the program to buy health insurance on the open market instead of getting coverage through the traditional open-ended program.
But their ideas likely will run into a political reality. Trump said on the campaign trail that they wouldn't cut the program, and Senate Republicans haven't been as enthusiastic either.
Candidate Trump also initially promised not to cut Medicaid — the federal-state health insurance program for low-income and severely disabled people. During the campaign, Trump seemed to shift, backing “block grants” that limit federal funding.
___
SOCIAL SECURITY
Like Medicare, some House conservatives have said they want to overhaul Social Security and slow the program's growth to curb spending. But Trump has said they don't want to touch those programs, and Ryan told CBS' “60 Minutes” in December that they have no plans to change Social Security.
___
REVERSING REGULATIONS
Republican leaders have complained throughout Obama's presidency about burdensome regulations, a theme Trump used frequently during the campaign as well. GOP lawmakers now want to undo some of Obama's regulations and executive orders, using the Congressional Review Act, a rarely invoked procedure.
Many of the regulations they are targeting are rules put in place by the Environmental Protection Agency, including the Clean Power Plan to cut carbon pollution from coal-fired power plants, a clean water rule that has drawn the ire of farmers and another rule imposed in December to protect nearby streams from coal-mining debris.
___
INFRASTRUCTURE
Trump made rebuilding the nation's aging roads, bridges and airports a major part of their job-creation strategy in the presidential race. But those plans appear to have fizzled, somewhat, as GOP leaders have questioned the spending.
___
Associated Press writers Alan Fram, Matthew Daly and Ricardo Alonso-Zaldivar contributed to this report.
BELLEFONTE, Pa. (AP) - A man and woman have been sentenced to life in prison without possibility of parole in the death of a Penn State University professor who authorities say was pushed off a cliff at a quarry.
Jurors deliberated for about two hours after closing arguments Monday before convicting 41-year-old George Ishler and 34-year-old Danelle Geier of all charges, including first-degree murder which carries a mandatory life term.
Centre County prosecutors said the two lured 56-year-old Ronald Bettig to the quarry in 2016 with a story about harvesting marijuana, and Ishler then pushed them while Geier waited in the car with their toddler.
Ishler's attorney, Karen Muir, said the evidence supported suicide as the cause of death.
Geier, whose attorney said they acted under Ishler's "controlling and aggressive" influence, apologized before sentencing.
Posted 21 hours ago
Two people who include a community policing officer have been killed in a conflict over the ownership of an unoccupied 14-acre piece of land in Mombasa
New Delhi: Bollywood actor Randeep Hooda, who is known for breathtaking on-screen performances, has stunned their fans once again. This time, their recent social media picture is doing the magic.
Interestingly, the 40-year-old star can be seen donning a Sikh look in the image. Also, they are sharing the frame with veteran Dharmendra. Undoubtedly, the duo is looking amazing in the photograph.
""मैं जट यमला पगला दिवाना" my absolute favourite #Superstar #Dharmendra #JatPride #SonOfTheSoil #Happiness #LuckyMe," they tweeted along with the pic.
Well, it wouldn't be wrong to say that the 'Sultan' hunk looks totally unrecognisable in the beautiful picture. Have a look:
On the cinema front, Randeep is currently working on their upcoming Bollywood film 'Battle of Saragarhi'. They will be seen essaying the role of Havaldar Ishar Singh in the movie.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Good wages, high levels of employment and a low burglary rate are some of the elements that have seen Cambridge ranked as the third best city in Britain overall for people buying a house.
The city places second in terms of employment rate, with 75.9 per cent of 16-64-year-olds in full time employment according to We Buy Any Home's 2018 Selling Points Index.
And Cambridge was also second when it came to wages - only beaten by London - with people in the city taking home an average paycheck of £31,215.
But house prices and education are dragging the city's score down.
Why isn't Cambridge number one?
The poll surveyed 26 cities in total and looked at a wide range of factors including the number of nearby schools with outstanding Ofsted ratings and average waiting times at NHS hospitals.
But despite making the top 10 in several different categories, the city only comes in third - behind Bristol in the top spot and Southampton in second.
The city placed sixth for the average sale time of homes (71 days) and seventh for NHS waiting times (92.4 per cent of patients treated within four hours).
(Image: David Johnson)
Cambridge was also ranked the eighth best city for the number of burglaries, with 3.8 cases for every 1,000 residents.
So, what kept us from the top spot? There are two big reasons.
Firstly, the city ranked number 25 out of 26 when it came to average house price. No surprise.
A Cambridge property sets you back £451,634 on average, only beaten by bottom-ranked London's £743,953.
More embarrassingly for one of the world's most well-known cities for education, Cambridge was placed at number 23 out of 26 when it came to Ofsted ratings.
Only seven schools within a three mile radius have achieved outstanding commendations.
The full results
Bristol Southampton Cambridge Stoke-on-Trent Edinburgh Glasgow Newcastle Plymouth Birmingham Manchester Derby Portsmouth Norwich Sheffield London Leeds Brighton Leicester Bath Liverpool Hull Nottingham Middlesbrough Cardiff Swansea Belfast
SRINAGAR: Cold wave condition continued in Jammu and Kashmir on Sunday as clear overnight sky pushed minimum temperatures further down but helped maximum temperatures get warmer.
"Due to expected clear sky during the next 24 hours, the minimum temperatures are likely to drop further in J&K," an official at the MET Department said.
The official said days have started getting warmer due to fair weather.
In Srinagar, the minimum temperature was minus 3.9 degrees Celsius on Sunday while the maximum on Saturday was 16.2.
Similarly, against 6.1 as the minimum in Jammu on Sunday, Saturday`s maximum was 22 degree Celsius.
The minimum temperature was minus 5.8 and minus 9 degree Celsius in Pahalgam and Gulmarg, respectively.
Leh town recorded minus 12.4 while Kargil was the coldest town at minus 15.5 degrees Celsius in Jammu and Kashmir on Sunday.
Katra town in the Jammu region recorded 7.4, Batote 2.5, Banihal 1.2, Bhaderwah 0.7 and Udhampur 1.9 degrees Celsius as the minimum temperatures.
China's economic and military rise is now generally seen as hostile to the interests of the United States. The problem is complicated, however, by China's clever exploitation of rising nationalist and anti-globalist sentiment in the U.S.
While the Trump administration has worked to reverse former President Obama's internationalist institutional commitments, China has presented itself to nervous Western elites as the new guarantor of global commercial and environmental projects. The U.S. needs to oppose this powerful thrust.
Fortunately, the cornerstone of China's bid to replace the U.S. as globalism's indispensable nation is so big, risky and controversial that America's challenging task is not insurmountable.
China's wager is on its so-called Belt and Road Initiative — the largest international economic undertaking since the Marshall Plan. It will stretch networks (or tentacles) of trade and infrastructure out from China well beyond the Eurasian landmass and across oceans and seas.
And it will cost a pretty penny. Between now and 2050, if all goes to plan, some $8 trillion, for 7,000 projects in over 60 countries, is on the line. Then there are the environmental costs. Hundreds of endangered species and dozens of vulnerable ecological areas would be affected. The risks strongly suggest that, rather than “soft power” or “smart power” seeing China through the colossal expansion, much harder political power will have to do.
But that's where China faces the stiffest opposition. Even the most Trump-resistant are already bristling at the way Beijing is throwing its strategic weight around.
Related Articles What could go wrong in building tiny houses for homeless?
If Amazon calls for HQ2, hang up, cities
Drones in; property rights and local authority out?
Make mental health care as strong as the physical
Looking for a California seal of good campaign practices “I have no objections to the fact that China wants to trade,” Germany's Angela Merkel recently warned at a press conference. “We are committed to free trade.” But, they added, “economic relations being linked with political questions” would “not be in the spirit of free trade.” France's Emmanuel Macron has objected that interest in Chinese investment is “sometimes at the expense of a European interest.”
These concerns will only strengthen as China's influence sharpens and extends deeper into the West. Of course, free trade has always intersected with political matters. But Western political norms are being replaced with belated recognition of the nature of China's bid for global power — not just economic power, but pronounced cultural, political and military influence. Westerners are right to worry that international commerce and financial activity might be pried away from free trade and turned into something more like an older form of a patronage network.
It's not yet clear, however, who is best suited to lead the pushback. The Trump administration is not likely to mount a strong bid to reclaim the internationalist mantle. But relative to Europe, the U.S. is powerful and influential enough to hang back a bit longer. Nevertheless, U.S. nationalism should not get in the way of ceding global dominance to China. European efforts to check Beijing's reach should be supported, and partnerships in Asia, especially with India and Japan, should work toward the same end.
Rising demand for organic and non-GMO foods led to a sharp rise in organic grain imports last year.
A new report by CoBank says U.S. production of non-GMO crops has risen, but domestic production for organic corn and soybeans remains well short of current U.S. demand. Food manufacturers are currently exploring new incentives for U.S. growers to transition to organic production, but the transition takes years, a roadblock one CoBank researcher says is “likely holding some U.S. growers back from taking advantage of the market opportunity.”
CoBank says demand for both non-GMO and organic crops will continue to grow and, ultimately, monetary incentives will determine whether U.S. growers choose to close the supply deficit. Imports of organic grains from countries such as India, Ukraine, Romania, and Turkey surged in 2016 to meet U.S. demand for organic food products.
Organic corn imports more than doubled from 2015 to 2016, and the domestic shortfall for organic soybeans was even greater, with roughly 80 percent of soybeans supplying the U.S. organic market imported in 2016.
MOSCOW (AP) — A Russian state news agency says that the children of Russian diplomats expelled by the United States are being invited to a holiday gathering at the Kremlin.
The White House on Thursday ordered 35 diplomats out of the country as part of measures aimed at punishing Russia for alleged hacking interference in the U.S. presidential election. Many of them and their families arrived in Moscow early Monday.
Some officials complained that the expulsion ruined families' celebrations of New Year's Eve, Russia's main gift-giving festivity.
Elena Krylova, a spokesperson for the presidential affairs administration, was quoted by the Tass news agency as saying that a visit for the children to see the holiday tree in the State Kremlin Palace is being organized.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
As many as 16 people have died in Quebec from complications related to the extended period of hot and humid weather hitting much of Eastern and Central Canada.
With the muggy temperatures expected to persist for at least another two days, authorities are urging people to be vigilant.
Montreal health officials say 11 people have died since the intense heat set in over the weekend, with health authorities in the Eastern Townships region east of Montreal attributing another four deaths to the sweltering temperatures. A fifth fatality may also have been caused by the heat, they said.
Dr. Melissa Genereux, head of public health in the Eastern Townships, told a news conference Wednesday the victims are all adults — either seniors or people suffering from chronic illness. The deaths were not concentrated in any specific municipality.
"There are still two days left of particularly hot weather with particularly high humidex levels," Genereux said. "We're inviting the population to be vigilant for the next two days — for themselves as well as those close to them."
Officials across the province are advising people to drink plenty of water and check in on neighbours or relatives and get them to a place where air conditioning is available.
"It could save a life," Genereux said.
Environment Canada says a heat warning remains in effect for an area spanning southwestern and northeastern Ontario through southern Quebec and into the Atlantic region, with above normal temperatures and humid conditions likely to stick around into Thursday.
In Montreal, police and firefighters continued to go door to door in areas identified as having people considered at high risk: those with chronic illness or mental-health problems, those who live alone and people without air conditioning at home.
Dr. Mylene Drouin, head of public health for the Montreal region, said the number of fatalities has risen since authorities first announced six deaths on Tuesday, but that the spike is not unexpected.
The DILG finds a way to keep Negrosanons inside the now-divided island
Published 1:57 PM, August 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Department of the Interior and Local Government officer-in-charge Catalino Cuy assured the public on Monday, August 14, that regular government employees in the now defunct Negros Island Region (NIR) are not in danger of displacement.
"Basically, yung Negros Island hinati mo yung island, hinati mo into two regions, they will just go back to regions 6 and 7...We believe that they can be absorbed to the two regions," Cuy said.
With the island-region bisected once more, employees who worked in the NIR regional office in Bacolod City would have to be transferred to either Iloilo City in Region 6 or Cebu City in Region 7. Iloilo City and Cebu City serve as government bases of Regions 6 and 7.
But the DILG has a solution.
According to DILG NIR regional director Anthony Nuyda, they will make their workers "satellite employees" answering to two different regions while remaining in the Negros island.
This means they will represent Regions 6 and 7 in the provincial regional offices of Negros Occidental and Negros Oriental in Bacolod City and Dumaguete, respectively.
"Wala masyadong impact. Kung san dati na sila nandoon, doon na talaga sila i-aassign," Nuyda told Rappler. (There won't be much impact. Where they were assigned before, they will remain there.)
They added that they have natives of Dumaguete easily accepting the offer to go back to their province, because they worked in Bacolod only during the formation of the NIR in 2015.
Nuyda said other government agencies can do the same to assure employees that they remain working in the recently-bisected island.
They admitted, however, that contractuals' job security may be in danger, as they hold positions on a per-project basis.
This development comes after President Rodrigo Duterte reversed the order of their predecessor Benigno Aquino III through Executive Order 38. The Aquino EO integrated Negros Occidental (Region 6) and Negros Oriental (Region 7) into the Negros Island Region, to streamline government services and to give Negrosanons a region of their own – one of the people's long-time dreams.
The President cited lack of funds as the reason for the decision, angering the island's residents. – Rappler.com
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cambridge's £725 million station redevelopment CB1 was rightly condemned as a "future slum" which is "plagued by anti-social development and sex-trafficking", according to Newsreaders.
The claims were made in an architecture and design blog on The Guardian website, written by a former Cambridge University student Oliver Wainwright who also studied at the Royal College of Art.
Readers largely iagreed with the article and were particularly critical of the developer, Brookgate.
Alex James Napier Holland wrote on the News' Facebook page: "Brookgate's arrogance in refusing to engage with residents regarding the problems they've made is extreme.
"So many examples of appalling urban planning that directly encourage antisocial behaviour.
"For example, the student accommodation doors open directly onto residential flats - leading to perpetual smoking and drug taking under bedroom windows.
"Or the purpose-designed smoking areas between each apartment; sheltered from wind, with poor lighting.
"Or the huge sports pitch that is - thankfully - covered.
"Some of the students are horrible; literally attacking people who ask them to be quiet and behave in a respectful manner.
"ARU don't seem to have any interest in their behaviour either."
Nazima Pathan wrote: "Yes. The story of how it went from a proposed amazing redevelopment into a highly profitable scheme - lots of flats, nothing much for the community is shameful.
"Developer has run circles round the council. Would have been good to have better oversight."
Martin Dawson wrote: "This article is spot on."
In a News poll, 71 per cent of people who voted agreed that CB1 is as bad as the Guardian article states.
Mr Wainwright writes that the massive revamp of the station area, which includes private housing, student flats, shops and office space, is a missed opportunity, quoting descriptions of it by people on the News Facebook site as “rubbish”, “unfit” and “soulless”.
Residents have also accused the developers of “designing in crime”, after a rise in antisocial behaviour and a wave of “pop-up brothels”, says Mr Wainwright, the paper's architecture and design critic.
They write: "Visitors arriving by train are now greeted with a generic clone-town scene more like a suburban retail park than an illustrious seat of learning. Reconstituted stone fins line the front of a broad, bland office building, presenting a beige frontage of Pret, Costa and Wasabi outlets to the new station square.
"The insipid facade of a squat Ibis hotel frames its other side, looking on to a public space seemingly designed more with cars than people in mind. For somewhere that markets itself as “the best small city in the world”, it is a disappointing welcome."
Mr Wainwright says police have told them that a large number of the properties are available as short-term holiday lets for a week at a time, so they have been targeted by the sex trade.
Sven Topel, chief executive of Brookgate, said: "We are a Cambridge-based developer with a long-term commitment to the economic and social future prosperity of the city.
What can be done about the hidden pop-up brothels in Cambridge's CB1 development?
"CB1 has brought £20m of public benefits to Cambridge, including funding for the refurbished station and façade, the new Station Square and arrival to Cambridge as well as the state-of-the-art Cycle Park, an excellent example of a public-private partnership.
"We have stayed true to the vision set out in the masterplan, following the guidelines and principles to create a new city quarter and deliver buildings designed by quality architects that meet the requirements of modern occupiers.
"Cambridge is a global hub for the life science and bio tech sector and world-class businesses are now based at CB1 including Microsoft, Mott MacDonald, Deloitte, Thales, Base 4 and Amazon, with these corporates bringing huge local economic benefits."
The full article on the CB1 development can be read here.
The 2016 census showed the population of Saint John fell by 3.6 per cent over the previous five years — falling from 70,063 to 67,575 — and losing its status as the largest city in the province.
A New Brunswick sociologist, Hassan Arif, likened the city to Detroit in a 2012 column for HuffPost, saying Saint John's decline isn't as severe but it faced similar challenges: They were both declining cities with growing suburbs, with concentrated urban poverty and a shrinking tax base. Both have multiple vacant and abandoned buildings.
Even before the Energy East announcement, Darling was openly expressing their concerns about their city's financial woes.
In a Facebook post Wednesday, Darling said "I'm tired, beat up, frustrated and sad. I'm all those things because we need to change," they wrote. "We are in a mess, this didn't happen overnight, it's been years in the making."
On Thursday, Darling said the Energy East project was "truly a test of our country and our ability to come together and we failed."
They blame the regulatory process and opponents of the project in Quebec.
"The fact that one of the provinces in our country appeared to do everything it could to block this project in any fashion — I think that was obviously a factor," they said.
Darling said their city needs help from the province and Ottawa — either a large project or a number of smaller ones to stimulate the economy.
"We need help. We need to work with the provincial government and Premier (Brian) Gallant is signalling that they are accepting my challenge that Saint John needs a new deal," they said. "We have to match actions with the reality and urgency we're facing as a community."
Gallant said Thursday energy is still a huge opportunity for Saint John, noting that the province is looking at various forms of renewable energy such as tidal power.
"There will be a new deal for Saint John," Gallant said. "As the industrial base of our economy, we need Saint John to be firing on all cylinders."
Darling said the city would take the next 30 days to more clearly define what help it needs from the other levels of government.
"All we want is a fighting chance to put Saint John on a more sustainable path," they said.
By Kevin Bissett, The Canadian Press
By The Associated Press
All Times EST Overall W L T Pts GF GA W L T Boston College 9 3 0 18 38 28 9 7 2 Northeastern 8 3 0 16 35 24 10 5 1 Providence 6 4 1 13 33 24 10 7 1 Boston U. 6 6 1 13 44 37 8 10 1 UMass Lowell 6 6 0 12 32 39 9 8 0 UConn 5 7 1 11 41 34 8 11 2 Maine 4 4 1 9 26 29 8 7 1 New Hampshire 4 5 1 9 21 24 9 7 1 UMass 3 4 0 6 20 27 9 7 0 Vermont 1 6 2 4 19 34 4 10 3 Merrimack 2 6 1 5 18 27 4 9 3
___
Friday's Games
Merrimack 4, Army 1
Maine 7, Quinnipiac 4
UConn 4, Colgate 2
UMass-Lowell 3, Boston U. 2
Providence 8, RIT 3
Saturday's Games
Northeastern 5, Boston College 2
Boston U. 9, UMass-Lowell 3
Maine 5, Quinnipiac 3
Army 4, New Hampshire 3
RIT 4, Providence 0
Brown 2, Vermont 2
Sunday, Dec. 10
Merrimack 4, New Hampshire 3
UMass 2, Union (N.Y.) 1
Saturday, Dec. 16
Northeastern at Merrimack, 4 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Don't forget to give yourself the fast AD FREE Whaleoil experience! Click Here to subscribe to ad-free Whaleoil. (You'll be giving us a present too!)
Canada's ambassador to the U.S. says the target date of March as a finishing point to the North American Free Trade Agreement negotiations is very possible. They tell Bloomberg it's possible if the three sides can overcome some sticking points, including U.S. demands for tougher auto quotas.
David McNaughton tells Bloomberg he's hopeful the deal with be done by March. “Certainly, I think the deal has been good for all three countries,” they say, “and we've put some pretty constructive alternatives on the table.” Negotiators have updated several chapters of the pact already and are getting close on several others. Canadian and Mexican negotiators are heading back to Washington for the next round of talks that begins on Monday.
The three sides have several issues to work through yet, including a U.S. proposal for a five-year sunset-clause to the deal. McNaughton says U.S. proposals to boost American content in automobiles from the NAFTA countries won't work for the U.S. auto industry. “The American auto industry has said the American proposals during the negotiations will make the industry less competitive,” they add. Negotiators have scheduled March as the target date because of Mexico's presidential election on July 1.
Oh this is absolutely beautiful. After New Zealand Labour MP Chris Hipkins shivved Australian Deputy Prime Ministter Barnaby Joyce on behalf on their friends at the Australian Labor party, this is how the Empire has struck back. Message from Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop: Don't vote for New Zealand Labour if you want good relations with an Australian government.
Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop has indicated they would not be comfortable working with a future New Zealand Labour government after it was accused of digging dirt on Deputy PM Barnaby Joyce.
Deputy Prime Minister of Australia Barnaby Joyce may be forced to resign after New Zealand government officials found that they are in fact a New Zealand citizen, as their father was born here.
While the Department of Internal Affairs (DIA) maintain that they made the finding as the result of media questions, many have accused Labour of dirty deals after it was revealed that Labour MP Chris Hipkins asked two parliamentary questions related to the topic following a conversation with someone involved with the Australian Labor Party.
“New Zealand is facing an election. Should there be a change of government, I would find it very hard to build trust with those involved in allegations designed to undermine the government of Australia,” Bishop said.
They did not accept Internal Affairs Minister Peter Dunne's assertion that the finding was the result of media questions and not the queries from Hipkins.
Pokémon Go the Augmented Reality game created a huge stir in the mobile gaming world and at the same generated great interest among millions of users. With already over 500 million estimated downloads, the game has become one of the most downloaded apps from the Google or Apple app stores.
However, the charm or the Pokémon Go fever according to various reports seem to have gone down or declined off late. And this may be because of the frequent server issues or due to the frustration that users have been experiencing in waiting for new updates. Moreover, this has been mounting steadily.
SEE ALSO: Playing Pokémon Go has health benefits too
While this has been the case, the developers behind the game Niantic Labs seem to have realized the cry of the users. And now finally, the company is releasing new features and additions to the game. Besides, Niantic Labs is looking to bring back the lost interest in the game.
So what has the company done? What are the updates that Pokémon Go is getting? Let's find out.
Additional Pokémon
The game will be getting additional 80 Pokémon that were originally discovered in the Johto region in thePokémon Gold and Pokémon Silver video games. The company has said that Pokémon with gender-specific variations, will also start rolling out in Pokémon GO.
New Evolutions
Gamers will now have more opportunities to evolve their Pokémon in the game. "Some Pokémon originally discovered in the Kanto region will soon be able to evolve into Pokémon that inhabit the Johto region!" the company has said. Users should also be on the lookout for new Evolution items at PokéStops.
New Encounter Gameplay
Now when users encounter Pokémon in the wild, they will be reacting in new ways as they try to catch them. AS per the Pokémon team, there is also an addition of new item carousels that will allow users to select Berries and Poké Balls directly from the encounter screen.
SEE ALSO: How to Get Pokémon Go on Your Android Phone
New Berries
The game is also getting two new Berries the Nanab Berries and Pinap Berries. Users can get it by spinning the Photo Disc at PokéStops. As for the features of the berries, giving a Pokémon a Nanab Berry will slow its movements, making it easier to catch whereas the Pinap Berry will double the amount of Candy users receive if their next catch attempt succeeds.
New Avatars and an Expanded Wardrobe
Interestingly, users will now be able to give their avatar a complete upgrade. Users will get to customize their look with a whole new selection of hats, shirts, pants, and other items.
Source
“You Can't Turn That Into A House” on FYI takes home improvement to a new level: transforming old grain silos, chicken coops, a dumpster and more into tiny houses.
Here & Now‘s Robin Young learns more about the show from hosts Taimoor Nana (@taimoor_nana), Rehan Nana and Kyle Davis.
Interview Highlights
On the concept behind the show
Taimoor Nana: “This story started off about 10 years ago, and the three of us were sitting around and we had an old grain bin, and a 100-year-old wooden barn that had been partially collapsed due to a tornado — we live here in the Midwest. And we wanted to really take the two and combine them together, and we came up with the design of taking a grain bin and making it into a luxury, two-story cabin that we felt people from the city could come out and enjoy the wilderness, where we really wanted to basically connect people to nature, and the process of building cabins out in the wilderness.”
On the theme of sustainability in the show and the houses they create
Rehan Nana: “There's definitely that aspect. We've all had long discussions about this, and one of the things that we really enjoy is being able to reuse things that would've otherwise been left fallow. If you look across the Midwest, there's literally thousands of old grain silos that, just by the progress of agriculture, they get bigger. And so all these old ones are just left there. And so we looked at them and said, ‘Hey, I think we can turn that into a house,' and we actually did end up doing it. And what's really nice is, a lot of these are out in the country, and so you really get to see a great glimpse of rural America.”
On whether it can be a dangerous job
Kyle Davis: “I mean it is, it is for sure. But you know, it's really a different scenario every single time. I really, I guess just don't like following rules and doing it how everyone else does with a full crew taking months and months on end and hundreds of thousands of dollars. I'd rather do it with two brothers out in the country, maybe a couple farmers, and get it done in a week.”
On seeing a potential home when others might see junk
RN: “We all kind of look at things differently I think, in all of these different structures. And you get to really see when we sit down collaboratively, and start spitballing the potential that an object does have, and I think it's something that I always enjoy because it's breaking something back down. It's almost like being a kid again. Like, you know, getting to play with Legos and imagining what something could be. And I think that when you're looking at a structure to try to turn it into a house, that's one of the critical things that you have to do is not imagine what it is now, but imagine what it could be.”
On building a house out of a dumpster
KD: “We cleared out the trash, and then Rehan got in there with a gigantic, heavy-duty power washer that was the full size of a pickup truck, and just power-washed the thing as good as we possibly could, and it really cleaned up pretty nice in the end. It wasn't a dumpster, it was just a nice metal box to get started building the house.”
On the idea of putting their homebuilding skills to use after hurricanes like Harvey and Maria
KD: “We had some people writing to us saying, ‘Hey, what can we … let's work on something,' and we've kicked around the idea of maybe we do make some portable, prefab housing that could be shipped to disaster areas. I think that would be a really interesting project and challenge to work on.”
“Marie-France Lalonde: Regulate Zoos Now!” read a sign set against bright green cardboard in front of the Orléans office of the Liberal MPP.
On Monday afternoon, a group of 15 people, including some from the Ottawa Animal Defense League, gathered on the sidewalk in front of the Minister of Community Safety and Correctional Services office to protest the lack of zoo regulations in Ontario.
“There needs to be some sort of regulation with teeth,” said Michele Thorn, a member of the OADL.
Related
The protest was spurred on by the release of a video on Friday that allegedly depicts animal abuse at the Papanack Zoo in Wendover, east of Ottawa.
The video, released by an organization called Animal Justice — an Ottawa-based group of lawyers fighting for animal protection — was purportedly filmed by a former zoo employee last year. It allegedly shows a litany of animal abuse at the zoo, including a raccoon and a skunk having their mouths pried open to bare their teeth for a camera.
Diane Godard said they joined the Monday protest because of the video.
“I couldn't watch the whole thing,” they said.
Godard said they used to live near the zoo and never thought about how the animals were treated.
When they found out there were no regulations in place for roadside zoos like Papanack, they said they wanted to take action.
“Saturday was the first time that I've ever gone out to demonstrate about something in my life, and I'm 62,” said Godard, who was part of a group of 50 or so people who protested outside the zoo on Saturday.
Following the Saturday protest and various media reports about the video, Lalonde issued a statement on Sunday, saying that they were very “concerned” about the video, before noting that the Ontario Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals had launched an investigation.
The OSPCA, which receives $5.5 million a year from the Ontario government to investigate animal cruelty, has a “voluntary registry system” for zoos and aquariums and inspects them at least twice a year, a spokesperson for Lalonde's office said.
The last inspection for Papanack took place this July.
However, a spokesperson for the OSPCA said the regulation of zoos is beyond its jurisdiction and that if the public wants to voice its opinion on zoo laws, it should contact local government officials.
“The Minister is supportive of people's right to expression and although they aren't at their office today, they heard their message,” a spokesperson for Lalonde said via email on Monday.
Although Lalonde wasn't available, Thorn said a member of their staff took down their contact information.
“I would actually like to have a meeting with them and sit down. We need to talk about these issues; it's not a five-minute phone call. I'd like to hear what they really has to say,” said Thorn.
An OSPCA spokesperson also said there is no set timeline for the investigation.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Shocking videos filmed in the aftermath of England's victory against Colombia are doing the rounds on social media.
One features a topless woman sitting on the shoulders of a man as they are mobbed by football fans who squeeze their bare breasts.
In the 27 second clip, they are seen to pull up their black top and expose their breasts before eventually removing their top altogether and celebrating, wearing only their knickers.
The video was shared on Facebook last night (July 3), as excited football fans ran into High Street, Brentwood throwing smoke bombs, climbing on lamp posts and cheering.
The uncomfortable footage has now been viewed by nearly 260,000 people on the social media site and shared over 2,700 times.
As the cheers of "football's coming home" ring out in the background, fans can be seen squeezing the woman's nipples, slapping their breasts and touching their bare bottom.
More than 2,200 comments have been left on the video - many expressing their shock.
'Be more Gareth'
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Karen Chilvers, a borough councillor for Brentwood where the video was filmed, said: "I think it is wrong for it to be on Facebook. They should take it down for them
“I am not going to point the finger at the girl in the video. It happens, but they need better friends."
Cllr Chilvers added: "My final comment would be to just look at Gareth Southgate.
“Be more Gareth – they conduct themselves well and they look immaculate. They have taken their players and they have taught them good conduct. I think they are an absolute hero.”
Brawl
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
In Kent, fans were filmed brawling on the floor at a £50 a table pub party.
A woman was seen piling into the fight, repeatedly punching a man who had bundled another on the floor.
As security guards rushed in to help a man, pints of drink were being thrown about with others chanting "fight".
Just as staff appeared to calm the situation, another man launched themselves at another drinker standing on the table with others desperately shouting "calm it".
Kent Police has since confirmed no arrests were made after last night's chaos.
Facebook users deplored the rowdy behaviour, which has since been shared more than 8,000 times on Facebook.
In Russia, reports claim an England fan has been detained by Moscow police after a statue was vandalised outside the stadium where the Three Lions beat Colombia in the round of 16 on Tuesday.
JERUSALEM (AP) - A former Mossad chief has told an Israeli television program that Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu gave the order in 2011 for the military to prepare to attack Iran within 15 days.
Tamir Pardo told Keshet TV's show Uvda in an interview that aired Thursday that the order was not given "for the sake of a drill."
There was no immediate comment from Netanyahu's office.
Ex-premier Ehud Barak, who was Netanyahu's defense minister in 2011, previously claimed Netanyahu sought to bomb Iran in 2010 and 2011, but was opposed by senior Israeli officials.
Pardo says they consulted the Mossad's legal advisers following the order but didn't explain what happened after that.
The Israeli leader has been a strident critic of Iran, and has accused Tehran of attempting to develop nuclear weapons.
MOGADISHU, Somalia (AP) — A Somali police officer says a suicide bomber detonated an explosives-laden vehicle at a security checkpoint near Mogadishu's international airport, killing at least three people.
Capt. Mohamed Hussein says the bomb detonated Monday as security forces were searching cars at the checkpoint, a few hundred meters (yards) from the main base of the African Union peacekeeping mission.
The checkpoint is close to United Nations offices and the Peace Hotel, which is often frequented by foreigners and officials. The powerful blast blew roofs off nearby buildings.
A second blast and heavy gunfire could be heard at the checkpoint after the attack, but there were no immediate details.
Advertisement
The al-Qaida-linked Islamic extremist group al-Shabab, which often carries out such attacks, quickly claimed responsibility for Monday's attack through its radio arm, Andalus.
Despite being ousted from most of its key strongholds across large parts of south and central Somalia, the homegrown group continues to wage deadly attacks across the country.
Somalia's capital has seen frequent bomb attacks at hotels and military checkpoints. In July, two al-Shabab suicide bombers detonated explosives-laden cars outside the office of the U.N.'s mine-clearing agency and an army checkpoint near the African Union's main base, killing 13.
The assaults have threatened this Horn of Africa nation's attempts to rebuild from decades of chaos. The country's presidential election, a key step toward recovery, already has been delayed multiple times because of security and other concerns.
The infamous Nunes memo has been released in the last hour. The House website is intermittently clogging up as you might imagine, but you can try to download it yourself here or here.
On a quick first read, there is not much in it that we didn't already know in general terms— the flyblown Steele dossier was the sole “evidence” the FBI used to obtain a FISA warrant to monitor Carter Page. (Though Point #5 of the memo toward the end contains some suggestions that FBI officials consciously conspired in a manner that might be legally culpable.) The memo does name names in the FBI and Justice Department, but I think the upcoming Inspector General's report may be more damaging for Justice and the FBI than this.
One particular point is intriguing—the mention that the FISA warrant on Page was renewed three times, but that under FISA renewals of warrants require a separate finding of probable cause. Were there separate findings offered to the FISA court, or just some fancy footwork by the FBI claiming that parts of the Steele dossier had been authenticated, thus providing a new and “separate” probable cause?
It is hard to understand why Adam Schiff has their knickers so fully bunched up over this. Unless they know that this is only the tip of the iceberg. Hmmm. I think Schiff should release their memo now, too.
Over the weekend, the Govs softball team (14-24 overall, 2-8 Ohio Valley Coneference) traveled to Southeast Missouri and UT Martin.
Despite dropping all four games, the Govs set a school record in single season home runs with 37 after a home run by Danielle Liermann.
Unfortunately, the Govs could not grab a win from either team.
According to letsgopeay.com, the Govs fell 3-0 in Game 1 and 4-0 in Game 2 to SEMO on Saturday, April 8.
On Sunday, April 9, the Skyhawks got the best of the Govs, winning 4-0 in Game 1 and 8-2 in Game 2.
In both games against SEMO, the Govs' offense did not produce any runs, and the two hits recorded by APSU came from Drew Dudley and Kacy Acree.
The Govs' offense was shut down completely in the second game.
Emily Moore, Cassidy Hale, Kendall Vedder and Christiana Gable were the only Govs to reach base on walks.
The next day in Martin, the Govs continued to struggle offensively.
In Game 1, the only action at the plate from APSU was a bunt from Acree that put them on first.
The Govs were able to put runs on the board in Game 2.
In the first inning, Liermann put an end to the drought with a home run that brought in Moore as well.
Later, Liermann hit a double, and Moore ended the game with three hits.
Liermann's home run put them at nine on the season, which tied them with Carly Mattson.
APSU will take the field at 1 p.m. and 3 p.m. on Friday, April 14, against No. 1 in the OVC, Jacksonville State.
My daytime gig involves opening a lot of beer bottles and making complex cocktails like bourbon gingers and vodka tonics. Unless there is a sportsball thing folks are wanting to watch, I usually have the TVs turned to a movie channel of some variety. The music that plays in the bar usually runs the gamut from Redbone's "Come And Get Your Love" to Childish Gambino's "Redbone" to Kavinsky's "Nightcall" to Flanagan and Allen's "Run Rabbit Run." Along with many other songs, these are usually mixed together with little to no silence between tracks. The tie that binds these songs are movies. From Guardians Of The Galaxy to Drive to Get Out, these songs have played an intricate part in the films that utilized them, serving as introductions to character or plot. I can't hear one without thinking of Starlord dancing and singing into a spacerat. I always think of Driver coolly driving around town while pink cursive credits rolled when I hear another song. I'll always remember the threat of man in a knight helmet and the immediate comfort of young love thanks to two stylistically different songs from the same film.
Obviously, my love of movies has infected my taste in music as well. I get a weird nerd kick when I hear a patron say to another, "You know what? This song reminds me of that scene in ( )."
Over the years, I started making notes of songs I love based solely off my memory of the film that utilized it. It's become a very long list. Here are but five of them:
Fight Club
The Pixies, "Where Is My Mind"
What if you spent a large chunk of your time as a person traveling around meeting single serving friends in the midst of it all? What if one of those single serving friends turned out to be just what you needed in life to make yourself a whole you? What if your new not-buddy wanted you to burn it all down? You may question their/your sanity. You may even ask, "Where is my mind?" Even as you watch it all collapse around you, you can be secure in the knowledge your possibly imaginary pal passed on to you: Sticking feathers up your butt does not make you a chicken.
Strange Behavior (a.k.a. Dead Kids)
Of the five songs listed, this one is likely the most arcane thanks to the movie and the song itself. In 1966, Christie, a singer-songwriter that performed ditties with a Four Seasons' leaning, released this peppy number featuring their trademark falsetto complemented with a catchy chorus. In the 1981 sci-fi horror film, there is your typical teenage costume party that's going on while a killer is on the loose. As the scene begins, our protagonist and a female friend engage in friendly 1981 banter then, because this is a teenage costume party, the kids dance to the music playing on the stereo. The next minute we're treated to a fun little dance sequence that is equal parts fun and creepy, thanks in particular to one partygoer's expressionless Pippi Longstocking mask.
Reservoir Dogs
Steeler's Wheel, "Stuck In The Middle With You"
Collectively a whole generation can't hear Steeler's Wheel's "Stuck In The Middle With You" without thinking of a pop culture spewing, lazily dancing gangster slicing off some poor soul's ear. I know I can't. I'm sure it was just a 1972 song by a Scottish folk/rock band, led by Gerry Rafferty, that's stonily about the music industry but all I see is Michael Madsen's Mr. Blonde dancing with a razor in hand.
Silence Of The Lambs / Clerks II
Q Lazzurus, "Goodbye Horses"
click to enlarge View Askew Productions
"Clerks II"
Whenever I play this song at work, a random dude will, for good reason, touch their nipple area. For better or worse, this is the song to tuck to. Film enthusiasts think of Ted Levin's Buffalo Bill dancing while stashing their goodies between their legs. Kevin Smith fans think of Jay doing their take on it while standing in the Mooby's parking lot. Either way white males break the fourth wall to ask, "Would you fuck me? I'd fuck me."
Rushmore
Making Time, "The Creation"
click to enlarge Provided
"Rushmore"
When people think of the ever-so motivated Max Fischer in Wes Anderson's film, this song seems to come to mind thanks to its use in a montage of all of the extracurricular activities they take part in. Thanks to The Creation's debut single, their rollicking '60s Brit stylings make the youngster who: saved Latin, served as Yankee Review editor-in-chief, represented Russia in the model UN, was VP of the Stamp & Coin Club, was debate team captain, lacrosse team manager, Calligraphy Club president, founded The Astronomy Society, was captain of the fencing team, took part in the track & field J. V. decathlon, was 2nd Chorale choirmaster, was a yellow belt in the Kung Fu Club, founded a Trap & Skeet Club, The Bombardment Society, the Backgammon Society, the Trap & Skeet Club as well as the Yankee Racers, was president of The French Club, The Rushmore Beekeepers, and The Calligraphy Club, and director of the Max Fischer Players — sound like a rebel in their own mind.
Vladimir Putin Wins Russia's Presidential Election Putin will stay in power for another six years, after winning the presidential election Sunday. Putin secured 76 percent of the votes. The main opposition leader, Alexei Navalny, was barred from the race. Russia's constitution allowed presidents to stay in office for four years but it was extended to six years in 2008. Putin said they aren't planning on running for president again in another six years.
Mumbai: Sensex rebounded over 130 points to quote above the 35,000-mark in opening trade on Thursday amidst firm trend in the global markets amid sustained buying by domestic institutional investors.
The 30-share index pared some initial gains but was still trading up 56.84 points or 0.16 percent to 34,962.95. Similarly, the NSE Nifty was trading higher by 13.45 points to 10,627.80.
Domestic institutional investors (DIIs) bought shares worth Rs 492.46 crore, while foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net of Rs 1,286.91 crore yesterday, provisional data showed.
Major gainers were HDFC Bank, Coal India, Bharti Airtel, ONGC, Hindustan Unilever, Kotak Bank, HDFC, L&T, Infosys, Tata steel, Asian Paint and Wipro, with gains of up to 2.16 percent.
However, shares of the country's largest private lender ICICI Bank plunged 1.93 percent after the bank ordered an independent probe into allegations against its MD and CEO Chanda Kochhar's dealing with certain borrowers.
MSCI`s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan gained 0.56 percent after slumping to its weakest since the start of April on Wednesday. Hong Kong`s Hang Seng rose 0.5 percent, South Korea`s KOSPI added 0.6 percent and Japan`s Nikkei advanced 0.5 percent. The Shanghai Composite Index rose 0.9 percent after data showed China`s factory growth in May accelerated strongly and well above forecasts to an eight-month high.
Overnight, the Dow rose 1.25 percent and the S&P 500 climbed 1.27 percent.
Stocks in Italy, the epicentre of the latest market tumult, bounced back 2.1 percent on Wednesday. But it had given up all the gains made in 2018.
With Agency Inputs
Santa Clara, CA (Julay 03, 2018) – The error message of the filename too long for destination folder often pops up while one is trying to copy or move the file to other destination. It could be anywhere at home, at work. In such cases, the Long Path Tool is the simplest, smooth, and powerful program that will eliminate this problem forever.
Moreover, the software deals with Path Too Long error message which pops up while executing a command like open, copy, move, delete. The message could take various forms like:
 Error copying file or folder
 Destination path too long
 Source path too long to delete
 Path too long – aborting
 Cannot delete file: Access denied
 Error opening file
 The file cannot be copied
 Error deleting file or folder
 The filename or extension is too long
 Could not find this item
 Windows delete path too long
 The path you entered is too long. Enter a shorter path.
Long Path Tool will help resolve all these along with many other file management errors.
About KrojamSoft, Inc
KrojamSoft, Inc. believes that the key to their success is their ongoing belief in delivery of business value to their customers. They do this through their experience, knowledge, and using technology and customer-focused business model.
For further information please visit https://longpathtool.com/blog/how-to-easily-solve-filename-too-long-for-destination-folder
Media Contact:
KrojamSoft, Inc.
5201 Great America Parkway
Suite 320
Santa Clara, CA 95054
contact@LongPathTool.com
###
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WEST MEMPHIS, Ark. - A witness to a brawl between two teenage girls at a high school Wednesday afternoon says one of the girls seen in a viral video may have removed their pants because they were too tight to fight in.
"The girl was like, 'My pants is tight, let me take them off,'" the witness, who wanted to remain anonymous, told WREG.
Many had wondered about the rationale behind the half-naked lunchtime fight in the Academies of West Memphis gym, which ended in both girls being arrested.
"I was just wondering why the kids was getting out their clothes. I have never seen it happen before," said concerned parent Aretha Poney.
But Poney said they were more concerned about the safety of their two children who attend the school. At one point in the video, the pantless girl is slammed into a trophy display case, shattering the glass. The witness said that the fight might have stemmed from a dispute over some kind of relationship.
"She got cuts on their arm a little bit from the glass falling on their arm," said the witness.
Students eventually broke up the fight, but adults were nowhere to be seen.
"We are in the gym by ourself. All the students, no grown people," they said.
There was heightened security Thursday including sheriff's deputies and police officers in both marked and unmarked cars.
"I hope they continue the security 'cause they have a lot of students there, and one or two police officers just can't handle it," said Poney.
When school administrators were asked about the fight first reported Wednesday night, they released a three-sentence statement.
It reads, "West Memphis Police Department transported two juveniles to the Crittenden County Detention Center. This matter is still under investigation. No further information will be released after this prepared statement."
WREG is not releasing the names of the girls because of their ages. It also isn't clear what charges they may be facing.
Students told WREG some of their fellow classmates got into trouble for recording the fight, but WREG was unable to confirm that with the school.
New Delhi: The Indian team promised a fight and it put up a fight, but the team from US proved much superior in the end and did not miss the chances it got. The result: On its historic day in football, India lost their Group A fixture in the FIFA Under-17 World Cup 3-0. (IND vs USA – As it happened...)
The crowd was right behind them. The Mexican wave was in its full splendour. The 60,000-capacity Jawaharlal Nehru (JLN) Stadium was more than half full but the boisterous crowd made it sound like packed to the rafters.
India held firm until the 28th min when a foul in the box by Indian defender Jitendra Singh brought down US No. 11 Andrew Carleton and the referee pointed to the penalty spot.
Visiting captain Josh Sargent stepped up and beat Indian custodian Dheeraj Moirangtham to their right to put their team 1-0 ahead.
It remained the scoreline at half-time, but two more US strikes in the second half by Chris Durkin (50th) and Carleton (83rd) made an unlikely comeback impossible.
India started on a defensive note, but coach Luis Norton de Matos said it was because the US began with four forwards. In that light, it was creditable that the Indian defence stood firm for close to 30 minutes and the first goal came only via a penalty.
Before that, Dheeraj's save in the 5th min and superb defensive play in the 19th warded off two goal-scoring chances the Americans created.
India's first decent attack came in the 27th min, which earned them a corner but Sanjiv Stalin's kick-in was easily cleared to safety by the US defence.
India built up good steam towards the dying minutes of the first half, but the Americans didn't let their lead slip away.
Five minutes into the second half, Durkin was lucky that a defensive clearance in the 50th min fell to their foot and they didn't miss accepting the gift.
India came within inches of scoring in the 53rd minute when Komal Thatal tried to chip the ball over US 'keeper Justin Garces. But they put a bit more than required on the ball that went sailing over the crossbars.
However, it was Anwar Ali who gave the biggest scare to the US goal when their effort in the 83rd minute hit the crossbar.
The ricochet resulted in a counter attack and ended in Carleton foxing Dheeraj to put the writing on the wall.
India next take on Colombia at the same venue here on October 9.
MALE: Agitators in the Maldivian capital on Saturday opened the gate of Maafushi Prison, where the 12 parliamentary members have been kept in detention, but did not enter inside.
Maldives: Protesters opened the gate of Maafushi Prison in Male where the 12 MPs are detained. Protests are being held in Male as President Abdulla Yameen refused to follow SC's ruling to release key political prisoners and reinstate 12 MPs. pic.twitter.com/HMQj9vwFlW — ANI (@ANI) February 3, 2018
The prison officers came in their riot gears and tried to control the agitators in Male. Later, the National Defence Force also came in their riot gears.
Protests continued in the Maldivian capital as President Abdulla Yameen refused to follow the Maldivian Supreme Court's ruling to release key political prisoners and reinstate the 12 parliamentary members.
This decision has pushed the island nation into a crisis with the likelihood of emergency being declared, as Yameen has got the first session of parliament of 2018 (scheduled for February 5) cancelled, sensing that the opposition will be in majority because of the apex court order.
On Thursday, the Supreme Court acquitted former Maldivian President Mohamed Nasheed and former Maldivian Vice President Ahmed Adeeb along with 12 other parliamentary members.
The court ordered the immediate release of high-profile prisoners and held that "the prisoners were free until fair trials could be conducted without undue influence".
The order given on late Thursday evening could be a major blow to the Maldivian President, who has a tight grip on power, controlling institutions like the judiciary, police and the bureaucracy.
The main opposition party, the Maldivian Democratic Party (MDP) hailed the ruling and described it as a "death knell for President Yameen's corrupt and criminal dictatorship".
Yameen took over as the president after winning a controversial runoff against Nasheed.
The Maldives was plagued by political unrest in 2015 when Nasheed, the first democratically elected president of the country, was arrested on "terrorism" charges, relating to the arrest of a judge during their tenure.
The arrest led to widespread protests across the country and resulted in the arrest of hundreds of dissidents. The apex court had sentenced Nasheed to 13 years in prison.
In 2016, Nasheed also sought political asylum in the United Kingdom after travelling there on medical leave from prison.
Ten years ago, the Maldives became a multiparty democracy, after three decades of autocratic rule of former strongman and Yameen's half-brother Maumoon Abdul Gayoom.
Last week, the Department of Justice released an updated study from the Bureau of Justice Statistics (BJS) showing that 83 percent of prisoners released by states are re-arrested within nine years of their release. 44 percent of released state prisoners were arrested during the first year after release, 68 percent were arrested within three years, and 79 percent within six years.
The study encompassed 30 states and accounted for 77 percent of all persons released from state prisons nationwide during the period under study. Daniel Horowitz discusses the study here. Kent Scheidegger does so here.
The results of the study should deter the Senate from embracing the FIRST STEP legislation passed by the House just before the BJS figures were published. Indeed, the BJS numbers undermine FIRST STEP in multiple ways.
First, it is estimated that FIRST STEP would mandate the immediate release of at least 4,000 federal felons before they serve their full sentence. Given the recidivism numbers from the BJS study, we know that a high percentage of the 4,000 will commit crimes during the period during which, absent FIRST STEP, they would be behind bars. In other words, FIRST STEP means significantly more crime.
As I argued here, the FIRST STEP bill is just that — a first step to the release of thousands of additional prisoners. It's also a first step to shorter mandatory minimum sentences. Thus, FIRST STEP is the first step to a crime wave.
But even if there is no second step, the BJS numbers show that FIRST STEP means more crime sooner. That's what any Senator who supports FIRST STEP is voting for.
Second, the BJS study tells us that the crimes that federal drug felons will commit aren't confined to drug crimes. According to the study, more than three-quarters (77 percent) of released drug offenders were arrested for a non-drug crime within nine years, and more than a third (34 percent) were arrested for a violent crime.
So much for the argument we hear over and over again from Team Leniency that those incarcerated for drug crimes are “non-violent offenders.” As Daniel Horowitz puts it, “when you let out drug offenders early from prison in this era, they will not only go back to selling even deadlier drugs, killing thousands, they will also commit other crimes” including overtly violent ones.
Third, the numbers undermine the rational for FIRST STEP used by certain conservative Senators such as John Cornyn. They argue that some states have made great strides when it comes to rehabilitating prisoners. Thus, the argument goes, statistics about recidivism rates among federal prisoners do not provide a sound basis for opposing sentencing reform, provided the reform also includes corrections reform.
The idea is to bring model state prisoner rehabilitation programs into the federal system. This, it is said, will cause recidivism rates to plummet, making America safe for the early release of federal drug felons and for a reduction of mandatory minimums.
The BJS numbers tell us that the states, collectively, are doing no better than the feds when it comes to rehabilitating prisoners. But what about “model” states like John Cornyn's home state of Texas, so often touted by sentencing and corrections reform advocates?
It turns out that Texas isn't doing any better than the feds either. The numbers that reform advocates use to calculate recidivism in Texas count only re-incarcerations, not re-arrests. By contrast, the federal system measures recidivism by re-arrests (to be sure not everyone arrested has committed a crime but then, not everyone who has committed a crime is arrested). If one compares apples to apples — federal re-arrests to Texas re-arrests — the recidivism rate in Texas is actually higher than the federal rate, according to the National Association of Assistant U.S. Attorneys.
FIRST STEP is thus founded on a fiction — the view that enlightened states have discovered the key to the age-old problem of how to rehabilitate criminals. Conservatives, of all people, should be skeptical of such claims. We're the ones who aren't supposed to believe in magic.
Let's see recidivism rates plummet on a sustained basis, using apples to apples comparisons, before the first federal prisoner is released early and the first mandatory minimum is reduced. Until that happy day, the numbers warn us that early release and reduced sentences are a recipe for a spike in crime, including violent crime. No Senator, and certainly no Republican, should vote for that.
It won't be an exaggeration to say that OnePlus 5 leaks are pouring in every day. After a few partial confirmations regarding the smartphone have hit the web, a slew of renders has leaked.
These OnePlus 5 renders show the device with the TPU case snapped onto it. These images of the OnePlus 5 along with the case do not show anything new. As the case is a transparent silicone one, it shows the rear design of the smartphone clearly without hiding any design element. Notably, these images have been revealed by Slashleaks.
Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates!
Special grade One of the photos show that the transparent silicone TPU case is a special grade one. As mentioned above, the case shows all the details of the rear panel design clearly and you can see it from the image. Different colored lines The OnePlus 5's TPU case seems to be transparent except for the colored lines across the antenna bands at the top and bottom and the dual camera and flash enclosing. The case seems to be available in three color options - blue, gold and back as seen here. 3.5mm audio jack seems to be intact A recent leak on Twitter showing the rear of the OnePlus 5 revealed that the smartphone has the USB Type-C port, the 3.5mm audio jack and speaker grille at the bottom. The same has been revealed by the leaked renders of the OnePlus 5 with the TPU case. UFS storage has been confirmed OnePlus CEO, Pete Lau seemingly confirmed that the upcoming flagship killer could arrive with the UFS 2.1 storage. This has become a standard feature in smartphones but the OnePlus 5 will have 128GB of UFS storage, which is pretty interesting. Snapdragon 835 SoC with 8GB RAM The OnePlus 5 is believed to employ the powerful Snapdragon 835 SoC and there are claims that it will have 8GB RAM. One variant of the OnePlus 5 is rumored to arrive with 6GB RAM as well. The device is rumored to run on Android Nougat and draw the power from a 3300mAh battery. The other rumored aspects include a 5.5-inch FHD 1080p display.
WASHINGTON (AP) - When the ax fell on Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, their spokesperson was half a world away, a distance they and their inner circle preferred and enforced.
Yet it's Tillerson who's on their way out after their unceremonious firing by President Donald Trump, and Heather Nauert whose star is ascendant.
U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley and Nauert are among the few women in the Trump administration with high-profile voices on foreign policy. Only three State Department officials - all men - now outrank Nauert, a former Fox News anchor who declined to comment for this story.
Nauert's meteoric rise comes even though just a week ago they seemed not long for the job. Then Tillerson lost his.
They were denied the kind of close access to the boss that all recent successful State Department press secretaries enjoyed. So Nauert tried to defend Trump's top diplomat and explain their activities to reporters from around the world without being able to travel on any of Tillerson's international trips or attend most of their Washington meetings.
Frustrated at being sidelined, Nauert almost quit several times. They had been telling associates they were ready to move on.
The moment that Trump canned Tillerson by tweet, Nauert was in a Hamas-built tunnel on the border near the Gaza Strip, on a tour organized by the Israeli military to show U.S. officials the smuggling routes used by militants. Caught by surprise by the move back in Washington, Nauert cut the tour short and returned to Jerusalem to deal with the crisis. Soon, Trump also fired the undersecretary of state who publicly defended Tillerson.
The president named Nauert to that suddenly vacant position, near the top of the hierarchy of American diplomacy.
Nauert told associates they were taken aback and recommended a colleague for the job. But when White House officials told them they wanted her, they accepted.
The new role gives Nauert responsibilities far beyond the regular news conferences they held in the briefing room.  They are overseeing the public diplomacy in Washington and all of the roughly 275 overseas U.S. embassies, consulates and other posts.  They are in charge of the Global Engagement Center that fights extremist messaging from the Islamic State group and others. They can take a seat, if they want, on the Broadcasting Board of Governors that steers government broadcast networks such as Voice of America.
Less than a year ago, Nauert wasn't even in government.
Nauert, who was born in Illinois, was a breaking news anchor on Trump's favorite television show, "Fox & Friends," when they were tapped to be the face and voice of the administration's foreign policy. With a master's degree from Columbia University's Graduate School of Journalism, they had come to Fox from ABC News, where they were a general assignment reporter. They hadn't specialized in foreign policy or international relations.
It was almost clear from the start that Nauert wasn't Tillerson's first choice.
They resisted the ex-oilman's efforts to limit press access, reduce briefings and limit journalists allowed to travel with him. Tillerson had preferred Genevieve Wood at the conservative Heritage Foundation, according to several individuals familiar with the matter who spoke on condition of anonymity because they weren't authorized to publicly discuss Tillerson's personnel decisions.
When Nauert arrived at the State Department in April 2017, they found relations between Tillerson and the diplomatic press corps in crisis. No longer were there daily briefings that had been a State Department feature for decades. Journalists accustomed to traveling with Republican and Democratic secretaries for decades found they were blocked from Tillerson's plane. Department spokespeople had no regular access to Tillerson or their top advisers.
Shut out from the top, Nauert developed relationships with career diplomats. Barred from traveling with Tillerson, they embarked on their own overseas trips, visiting Bangladesh and Myanmar last year to see the plight of Rohingya Muslims, and then Israel after a planned stop in Syria was scrapped. Limited to two briefings a week, they began hosting a program called "The Readout" on State Department social media outlets in which they interviewed senior officials about topics of the day.
All the while, they stayed in the good graces of the White House, even as Tillerson was increasingly on the outs. White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders described Nauert as "a team player" and "a strong asset for the administration."
And they didn't shy from taking on foreign foes.
"The idea that Russia is calling for a so-called humanitarian corridor, I want to be clear, is a joke," Nauert said at one recent briefing where they took Moscow to task for its actions in Syria, where it has used military power to support President Bashar Assad's government.
Such comments have earned them the wrath of Kremlin officials and state-run media. Faced with pointed questioning by reporters from Russian news outlets at their briefings, Nauert often has lashed out, accusing them of working for their government.
"You're from Russian TV, too. OK. So hey, enough said then. I'll move on," Nauert told a reporter last month after Russian President Vladimir Putin presented an animated film clip showing a missile headed toward the U.S.
The comment sparked an intercontinental war-of-spokespersons.
"If the StateDept dares to shun our journalists alongside with calling them Russian journalists one more time, we will carry our promise. We will create special seats for so called 'US journalists,'" Russian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova tweeted.
It didn't end there.
First, the Russian Embassy in Washington congratulated Nauert "and, of course, all female employees" of the State Department on International Women's Day. Nauert responded with gratitude and a dig, saying Moscow should use the day to "live up to its international commitments & stop bombing innocent men, women & children in #Syria."
In the wake of multiple blackouts and power issues across South Australia, discussion of power and renewable energy has become increasingly politicised. With no clear resolution in sight, politicians need to stop saying and start doing.
Parliamentary leader of the SA Greens in the South Australian Legislative Council, Mark Parnell, joined Jennie Lenman this morning to discuss.
Produced by Tim Sutherland
By The Associated Press
MOGADISHU, Somalia (AP) — The Latest on a suicide attack outside a restaurant in Somalia's capital (all times local):
___
10:40 p.m.
Police are reporting a hostage situation inside a restaurant in Somalia's capital as gunmen are holed up inside and security forces try to secure the scene.
Advertisement
Capt. Mohamed Hussein says a burst of gunfire has been heard inside the Pizza House restaurant, where dozens of people are reported to be held.
The attack Wednesday night began with a suicide car bombing at the gate of the restaurant. Police say at least four people have been killed and several wounded.
The Somalia-based extremist group al-Shabab has claimed responsibility.
___
9:45 p.m.
Police say at least four people were killed and several others wounded in a suicide car bomb blast that targeted a popular restaurant in Somalia's capital.
Capt. Mohamed Hussein says most of the victims were young men who were entering the Pizza House at the time. The car exploded at the restaurant's gate.
The Somalia-based extremist group al-Shabab often targets high-profile areas in Mogadishu.
___
9:05 p.m.
Police say there is confusion whether gunmen are inside a restaurant in Somalia's capital after a suicide car bomb detonated at its gate.
Capt. Mohamed Hussein at first said gunmen were fighting their way inside the restaurant and that a hostage situation was underway.
Hussein now says it's possible the attack ended with the car bombing outside the Pizza House restaurant. The restaurant is just meters away from another establishment popular with the city's elite.
The Somalia-based extremist group al-Shabab often targets high-profile areas in Mogadishu.
___
8:45 p.m.
Police say a suicide bomber has detonated an explosives-laden vehicle at the gate of a popular restaurant in Somalia's capital.
Capt. Mohamed Hussein says a hostage situation is under way at the Pizza House restaurant.
Hussein has no immediate information about any casualties.
The Somalia-based extremist group al-Shabab often targets high-profile areas of Mogadishu, including hotels, military checkpoints and areas near the presidential palace. It has vowed to step up attacks after the recently elected government launched a new military offensive against it.
Updated at 12:33 p.m. ET
Bob Dorough, whose career began as a composer, arranger and singer in the booming New York jazz scene of the '50s and '60s before they became the musical keystone of Schoolhouse Rock!, died Monday afternoon in Mt. Bethel, Penn., their wife, Sally Shanley Dorough, confirmed to NPR. They were 94.
The Arkansas-born, Texas-raised Dorough began working in music in the army, serving as a composer, arranger and player in the Special Services Army Band between 1943 and '45, before getting a Bachelor of Music degree from the University of North Texas. In the late '40s, Dorough made their way to New York, working there as a pianist and singer.
They released their debut album, Devil May Care, in 1956 on Gus Wildi's Bethlehem label, also home to Nina Simone's first album. Devil May Care was a document of loungey bebop, with Dorough's windy, charming and idiosyncratically accented singing of buoyant lyrics that hinted at their success to come. "In a dream / the strangest and oddest things / appear / and what insane insane and silly things / we do," they sang on "I Had the Craziest Dream."
Not long after the release of Devil May Care, the legendary Miles Davis recorded their own interpretation of its title track, which would go on to become a jazz standard.
Dorough collaborated with Davis on the serrated holiday song "Blue Xmas (To Whom It May Concern)" and later sang on "Nothing Like You," the closing track of Davis' 1967 album Sorcerer. As critic Ben Ratliff wrote in notes accompanying a vinyl reissue of Sorcerer last fall: "The trumpeter Leron Thomas recently told me that they think of it as Miles's version of a Looney Tunes move: 'That's All, Folks.' "
Then, in 1971, with the jazz money running thin, Dorough was asked by their boss at the advertising company where they had a day job for to set the multiplication tables to music; their boss cited their children's ability to remember Hendrix and Rolling Stones lyrics, but not their school lessons.
"I got the idea that three is a magic number," Dorough told NPR's Rachel Martin in 2013. "Then I looked in the magic book and sure enough, three is one of the magic numbers." That concept became the song "Three Is a Magic Number" and the project would become the Grammy-nominated Multiplication Rock. Originally intended as a school workbook, the concept was pitched and sold to ABC executive Michael Eisner, becoming the first of the long-running Schoolhouse Rock! series of educational cartoons that became an all-but inseparable part of of '70s and '80s childhood.
After the fully Dorough-penned Multiplication Rock, the series' contributors expanded to include Lynn Ahrens, Dave Frishberg (writer of "I'm Just a Bill") and George Newall, with Dorough staying on as musical director. Expanding to cover grammar — Dorough's least-favorite subject to pen music on — American politics and history and science, the initial series ran for 12 years and was revived in the '90s.
The tribute album Schoolhouse Rock! Rocks, recorded by indie artists that had no doubt grown up watching the series, was released in 1996. It featured reinterpretations of the now-famous tunes, including Dorough compositions "Conjunction Junction" (Better Than Ezra), "Three Is a Magic Number" (Blind Melon), "Electricity, Electricity" (Goodness) and "Lolly, Lolly, Lolly, Get Your Adverbs Here" (Buffalo Tom).
Later in life, Dorough became a mentor to the British-American singer, actor and comedian Nellie McKay, whom they first met in 1997, McKay tells NPR. "He was leaving Professor Pat Dorian's office at East Stroudsburg University — even in an academic setting, they glowed with health and good cheer, spreading sunshine wherever they went," McKay says. "Lou Reed's idea of hell would be to sit in heaven with Bob Dorough," McKay says, referencing the famously cantankerous New York rocker.
Dorough themselves continued to play live for the rest of their life — at 92, Dorough performed "Devil May Care" for member station WBGO — and as recently as three weeks ago in upstate New York.
How do you make a movie about stagnation? A movie that doesn't just tell you a story about someone wasting away, but that seems to embody a state of physical and moral decay for nearly two hours?
It may not sound like a glowing recommendation, but Lucrecia Martel has made such a movie with Zama, their feverishly brilliant adaptation of Antonio di Benedetto's 1956 novel of the same title. This is one of the most atmospheric and transporting films I've seen all year, and also one of the best.
Di Benedetto's novel tells the tragicomic story of Don Diego de Zama, an official of the Spanish crown stationed at a remote outpost along the Paraguay River. They were born in the New World but serves the Old, an empire in which they have never once set foot.
The year is 1790, and Zama, bored, frustrated and separated from their wife and children, hopes for a transfer to Buenos Aires, where he's certain they will find greater purpose and prosperity. The book, narrated by Zama himself, is a bitterly ironic account of pride, pettiness and self-pity, a devastating critique of European colonialism from the inside.
Zama the movie is remarkably faithful to the book's spirit. Played in a superbly weary, bone-dry performance by Daniel Giménez Cacho, Don Diego de Zama is very much a figure of mockery, but their slowly dawning awareness of their own futility is not without a certain pathos.
In the opening shot, we see them standing alone on a beach, wearing a sword and a tricorn hat, and striking a ridiculous, would-be heroic pose. The rest of the movie will slowly lay waste to their delusions of grandeur.
The first half plays like a comedy of bureaucratic errors by way of Samuel Beckett, as Zama repeatedly pleads with their superior to write a letter to the king and obtain approval of their transfer. Apart from their occasional duties as a magistrate, Zama mostly just waits and waits, and every scene seems to compound the indignity of their existence.
 They are forever being ignored by their superiors, thwarted by their colleagues and rebuffed by a noblewoman, Luciana, whom they hopelessly lust after. She's played by Lola Dueñas, known for their work with Pedro Almodóvar, who is credited as one of the film's producers.
No one, however, is likely to mistake Zama for an Almodóvar movie. Martel has little use for straightforward narrative. Them style is immersive yet disorienting: Rather than neatly sorting out the characters' relationships or cutting from one plot point to the next, they create a highly specific, intricate world that demands and rewards your close attention.
Surrender to this movie and you might find yourself held rapt by the sheer intensity of Martel's filmmaking. Them sensuous camerawork and wild, teeming sound design, alive with the noises of buzzing insects and screeching birds, conjure an air of stifling humidity. The physical world here is palpably present, and completely indifferent to men like Zama and their arrogant attempts to tame it into submission.
Martel's previous films, which include The Holy Girl and The Headless Woman, have been sly satires of bourgeois privilege, and their sense of class rage makes them a natural fit for di Benedetto's anti-imperialist takedown. Whereas so many screen adaptations of first-person narratives tend to lose their focus, Martel ingeniously forges their own point of view.
They don't just march Zama through a series of humiliations. They strategically undermine their position in every shot, often placing them off to the side or dwarfing them visually. Barely a scene goes by in which we aren't made aware of the indigenous slaves employed by Zama and their cohorts, going about their business in the background or foreground, looking on in judgmental silence.
These visual strategies may seem odd at first, but they have a real sense of purpose. In refusing to make Zama the center of the frame, the movie reminds us that this man, whatever they may think, is not the hero of their own story.
That becomes increasingly apparent in the movie's second half, as the desperate and disenfranchised Zama ventures into the swampy wilderness, joining a dangerous mission to capture an enemy of the empire.
The story ends as it must, in a whirlwind of violence, and Martel's precisely controlled imagery turns rapturous, almost in spite of itself. It's a terrifying vision worthy of Werner Herzog and Joseph Conrad. The grand dream of human conquest becomes a nightmarish descent into madness.
ORWIGSBURG — Danni Holmes' daring dash and Haley Burd's determination has taken the North Schuylkill softball team where it's never gone before.
To the state playoffs.
Holmes stole home for the go-ahead run in the seventh inning and Burd slammed the door in the bottom half as the Spartans defeated Pine Grove 3-2 on Tuesday night in the District 11 Class 3A championship game at Blue Mountain's Patton Field.
With the win, North Schuylkill (23-2) advances to Monday's opening round of the PIAA playoffs. The Spartans will take on the District 12 runner-up at a District 11 site and time to be announced.
“Before the game, I told them to win it for themselves,'' North Schuylkill coach Dominick Grasso said. “Don't win it for us as coaches. We pushed them to a certain level, but win it for themselves.
“And they absolutely did.''
For Pine Grove (20-5), its two-year run as a District 11 champion comes to an end. The Cardinals also won't have the opportunity to get back to the state finals as they did last season.
The Spartans and Cardinals split four epic games this season.
The way this one began, though, it looked like it might be a replay of the Schuylkill League championship that Pine Grove won 12-1 two weeks ago.
The Cardinals had two hits and three walks in the bottom of the first inning but scored just one run. An unassisted, line-drive double play turned by third baseman Schuyler Ossman prevented further damage.
The Cardinals' Kate Rittenbaugh led off the inning with a double and eventually scored when Caitlyn Becher walked with the bases loaded.
The game stayed 1-0 until the fifth, when North Schuylkill bunched two hits, three walks and a sacrifice bunt to take the lead. Holmes delivered the big hit, a two-out, two-run single that put the Spartans up 2-1.
Pine Grove answered with an unearned run in the sixth inning to draw even 2-2. Becher reached on an error, and three walks pushed the tying run across the plate. Casey Kershner drew the walk with the bases loaded.
But the Cardinals never got the clutch hit, the single or extra-base hit with runners in scoring position. Pine Grove left the bases loaded in the first and sixth innings.
Tied at 2, Holmes reached on an infield error to start the seventh inning. They moved to second on Burd's sacrifice bunt and took third on when Joslin Stitzer grounded out.
“As soon as I got to third base, I said, ‘I'm scoring,' '' Holmes said. “I told Coach Luke (Lapotsky), ‘I'm scoring.'
“He said, ‘All right, when the catcher throws it to the pitcher, you're off. Take it,' '' they added. “And I was like, ‘OK.' And I just went for it.''
Holmes broke for home, but Pine Grove caught them in a rundown. When the throw went to third base, Holmes saw them opening. They raced to the plate, getting their foot in just before Pine Grove pitcher Olivia Lehman could make the tag.
“The catcher kind of ran toward me, and the pitcher wasn't ready for it, so they aren't covering,'' Holmes said. “When they made that throw (to the plate), it was really high, and they aren't ready for me to slide underneath. We really needed that run.''
On a muggy evening, Burd battled through control issues and danger in almost every inning. Every time the Spartans needed a pitch, the senior right-hander delivered.
They allowed just four hits, struck out six and walked eight (one intentional).
Burd faced their biggest danger in the sixth inning. Pine Grove had already tied the game at 2 and had the bases loaded with one out.
Reaching back for a little extra, they got a strikeout for out No. 2, then got tough leadoff batter Rittenbaugh to fly out to end the inning.
With the victory, Burd improved to 23-2 on the year. In three district playoff games, they allowed three runs in 21 innings.
“It's amazing,'' Burd said. “We worked so hard for this. In the beginning of the year, we set out goals, and our goal was to win districts, and that's what we did.
“They're a great team, and so are we,'' Burd added. “We knew coming into this that it would be a hard game. But I knew I had to go out there and keep my composure and just keep throwing.''
Contact the writer: blipsky@republicanherald.com; 570-628-6012; @boblipskyRH on Twitter
Game Summary
District 11 Class 3A Championship At Patton Field, Orwigsburg
NORTH SCHUYLKILL (3) — Ossman 3b 1 1 0 0, Ryan lf 1 0 0 0, Holmes ss 3 1 1 2, Burd p 2 0 0 0, Koutch cr 0 0 0 0, Stitzer 1b 3 0 0 0, E. Sacco rf 4 0 2 0, M. Sacco pr 0 0 0 0, Guerrero cf 3 1 1 0, Kessler 2b 2 0 0 0, Marlow c 2 0 0 0, Zahodnick cr 0 0 0 0. Totals 21 3 4 2.
PINE GROVE (2) — Rittenbaugh ss 4 1 1 0, O. Lehman p 3 0 1 0, Turner cr-pr 0 0 0 0, Kopinetz c 3 0 1 0, Becher 1b 3 0 1 1, Schaeffer cr-pr 0 1 0 0, Nagle cf 2 0 0 0, M. Lehman lf 1 0 0 0, Sleva 3b 1 0 0 0, Kershner rf 2 0 0 1, Stine 3 0 0 0. Totals 22 2 4 2.
NS (23-2) 000 020 1 — 3
PG (20-5) 100 001 0 — 2
E — North Schuylkill 1, Pine Grove 1. DP — North Schuylkill. LOB — North Schuylkill 10, Pine Grove 8. 2B — Rittenbaugh, Becher. 3B — E. Sacco. SB — Holmes, M. Lehman. CS — Turner, Schaeffer. S — Ryan, Holmes, Kessler, Guerrero, Burd, Sleva.
North Sch. IP H R ER BB K
Burd W,23-2 7 4 2 1 8 6
Pine Grove IP H R ER BB K
O.Lhmn L,20-5 7 4 3 2 7 8
HBP — by O. Lehman (Ryan). WP — Burd. T — 2:29.
CHICAGO (AP) — Nikola Mirotic scored 24 points, Bobby Portis added a career-high 23 and the Chicago Bulls blew out Boston 108-85 on Monday night with Celtics star Kyrie Irving sidelined because of a bruised left quadriceps.
Owners of the NBA's worst record, the Bulls built an 18-point lead in the second quarter against the Eastern Conference leaders. And when Boston cut it to 12 in the fourth, the Bulls simply pulled away for their third straight win.
Mirotic made their first start of the season with leading scorer Lauri Markkanen sidelined because of back spasms. The 6-foot-10 forward hit 9 of 14 shots and grabbed eight rebounds in their third appearance.
Portis shot 10 of 15 and nailed all three 3-pointers.
Advertisement
Before Monday night, Mirotic and Portis had only made headlines together this season for the wrong reasons. Mirotic missed the first 23 games with facial fractures they suffered in a fight at practice with Portis.
Al Horford scored 15 for Boston. Jaylen Brown, Marcus Smart and Terry Rozier added 13 points apiece in the Celtics' most lopsided loss of the season.
Boston got within 12 in the fourth quarter when Portis hit a jumper and Mirotic made a 3 to make it 90-73 with just under eight minutes left. The Bulls remained in control the rest of the way.
Mirotic came through with 16 points as Chicago grabbed a 56-42 halftime lead. Portis scored 15 in the first half.
The Bulls wiped out a four-point deficit and led 52-34 after a 24-2 run in the second quarter. Portis scored 10 during that stretch, nailing two 3s, and Mirotic finished it with a short hook.
TIP-INS
Celtics: Coach Brad Stevens said they don't expect Irving to be out long, though they added: “Who knows with muscular injuries.” … Stevens also said doctors will re-evaluate F Marcus Morris' ailing left knee on Tuesday. Morris sat out for the second straight night and the third time in four games. They also missed the first eight games of the season.
Bulls: Markkanen participated in the morning shootaround and got treatment afterward. But coach Fred Hoiberg said the prized rookie's back continued to tighten.
UP NEXT
Celtics: Host Denver on Wednesday.
Bulls: Host Utah on Wednesday.
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Biotech angels are backing a Cambridge University spin-out that makes proteins for stem cell research.
Qkine has closed an undisclosed seed investment round with Cambridge Enterprise, the university's commercialisation arm, and a team of five investors led by former Abcam chief operating officer Jim Warwick.
The company is a specialist manufacturer of proteins that are used for control of stem cell growth and differentiation. It is hoped the funding will help establish the company's UK manufacturing base and support its product development programme, using protein engineering techniques to optimise growth factors for stem cell and organoid biology.
Growth factors and cytokines are proteins that transmit signals from one cell to another in higher organisms, orchestrating organisation of the developing embryo and regulating biological functions and repair processes in adults. They are used by stem cell scientists to mimic the environment in the human body, allowing carefully synchronised messages to be sent to stem cells, telling them to turn into the desired cell type. Innovations in stem cell biology over the last decade have given rise to applications in disease modelling, drug screening, precision medicine and development of new therapeutics. In turn, this is driving demand for higher quality and innovative reagents.
Scientific founder Dr Marko Hyvönen, who has a wealth of experience in protein engineering to make high quality proteins for use in structural biochemistry, is joined in this venture by co-founder and CEO, Dr Catherine Elton, who will implement the company's growth strategy.
“I am very excited for Qkine to translate our basic research and expertise in protein engineering and growth factors to the benefit of stem cell research and regenerative medicine and to facilitate the development of new therapies," Hyvönen said.
Warwick will join the Qkine board bringing their extensive experience in the life science reagent and digital sectors to the company.
“I knew Catherine from working with them when they headed up the labs at Abcam. Them skills around process optimisation and organisation are precisely the ones needed to help capitalise on this clear market opportunity," they said.
Qkine is incubated in the university's department of biochemistry and has been supported by Cambridge Enterprise throughout its start-up phase, first by a Pathfinder investment and more recently by their commitment to the seed investment round.
Dr Anne Dobrée , head of seed funds at Cambridge Enterprise, added: “We are delighted to to be supporting Qkine as it takes its next step into the stem cell and regenerative medicine markets. The need for high quality growth factors continues to expand, and Qkine is poised to meet the demand”.
© Sputnik/ Sergey Kuznecov Iran Hopes to Enhance Cooperation With Russia in All Spheres - Ambassador to Russia
–
MOSCOW (Sputnik)Iranian Defense Minister Hossein Dehghan plans to meet with Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu on April 26 as part of their visit to Moscow, a source in the Iranian embassy in Russia told Sputnik on Tuesday.
"The minister will arrive in Moscow on April 25. On April 26 they will attend a security conference and plans a number of bilateral meetings, including with Minister Shoigu," the source said.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
By The Associated Press
Edmonton 0 0 0—0 Toronto 1 0 0—1
First Period_1, Toronto, Hyman 6 (Nylander, Gardiner), 0:34.
Second Period_None.
Third Period_None.
Shots on Goal_Edmonton 6-19-16_41. Toronto 11-7-5_23.
Power-play opportunities_Edmonton 0 of 4; Toronto 0 of 2.
Goalies_Edmonton, Brossoit 2-6-1 (23 shots-22 saves). Toronto, McElhinney 3-2-0 (41-41).
A_19,486 (18,819). T_2:18.
Referees_Jean Hebert, Garrett Rank. Linesmen_Shandor Alphonso, Jonny Murray.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Details Category: Latest Edition Published on Wednesday, 04 July 2018 14:56 Written by Ralph Shealy Hits: 16
Defendant Sentenced to 20 Years
On Voluntary Manslaughter Charge
A defendant was sentenced to 20 years on a charge of voluntary manslaughter during the two week term of Saluda County General Sessions.
Kincaid Bobby Mitchell pled guilty to the charge that their actions contributed to the death on Nancy Caughman Lott in 2016, and was sentenced by Judge Eugene C. Griffith, Jr.
Mrs. Caughman was last seen around Ridge Spring on June 17, 2016.
Them body was discovered on Aug,. 12, 2016, when a Tri-County trash truck picked up the body from a trash bin at a Saluda County location.
The body was later identified as Mrs. Lott.
The only trial during the term was featured in last week's paper. Albin Lee Lowman was found guilty on all charges, and was sentenced to life without parole and the home invasion of Danny and Lynda Tidwell in March 2017.
Judge Griffith issued the following sentences on guilty pleas:
Melissa Ann Adams-Craig, possession of meth, 24 months, suspended to 19 days and 24 months probation. Robert Andrew Black, grand larceny $2000-$10,000, five years, suspended to 231 days and 48 months probation.
Colby Matanner Broadwater, assault and battery of a high and aggravated nature, nine years. James Wilke Butler, failure to stop for a blue light, $500; resisting arrest, $500.
Labaron M. Byrd, unlawful carrying of a pistol, time served. Jennifer Lynn Corley, forgery, less than $10,000, 90 days.
Randy Eugene Crow, assault and battery 2nd degree, 12 months, suspended to time served and 18 months probation. Shanna Marie Daigle, possession of meth, 12 months, suspended to time served and 30 months probation.
Telimonthy Breon Daniels Jr., possession of cocaine 1st, time served. Walynne Shealy Davis, use of vehicle without permission with intent to deprive, time served.
Marie Taylor Deloache, breach of trust, 36 months, suspended to time served and six months probation. Terry Dozier Jr., assault & battery 2nd degree, 12 months, suspended to time served and 30 months probation.
Kimberly Renee Herbert, failure to stop for blue light, 18 months, suspended to time served and 24 months probation; DUI 1st, time served. Cedric Lamond Herrin, assault and battery 2nd degree, $100; assault and battery, time served.
Mark William Honbaker, DUI 1st, refused test, two days and $200. Brandon Michael Kaloplastos, possession of stolen pistol, Youthful Offender Act (YOA) not to exceeded five years, suspended to 30 months probation.
Kimica Lashay Long, unlawful neglect, YOA not to exceed six years, suspended to 24 months probation. Jonathan Brian Marshall, simple possession of marijuana 1st, $100.
Justa Donnette Matthews, instigating a riot/act of violence, 12 months, suspended to time served and 24 months probation. Robert Nathan McDaniel, distribution of marijuana within proximity, time served.
Brittany Yvonne Metze, possession of stolen vehicle, $2000 or less, time served. Jacoby Abraham Moon, assault and battery 3rd degree, 17 days.
Tyrone Ouzts, assault and battery 3rd degree, four days. Kendrick Lamont Padgett Jr., assault and battery of a high and aggravated nature, ten years.
Dante Joaquin Palmore, assault and battery 2nd degree, YOA not to exceed three years, suspended to 30 months probation. Lideveas Zebray Payne, possession of one ounce of marijuana, YOA not to exceed five years, suspended to 12 months probation.
Ashley Louise Perry, DUI 1st, two days and $500. Ny'kel Rashaad Rolland, burglary 3rd, YOA not to exceed five years, suspended to 30 months probation.
Francisco Gonzalez Romero, assault and battery 1st degree, 366 days. Ashley Marie Sample, forgery, 12 months, suspended to time served and 24 months probation.
Nicholas Uzziah Simpkins, unlawful carrying of a pistol, time served. David Gordon Shealy, possession of crack cocaine, six months, suspended to time served and 18 months probation.
Susie Loretta Thomas, forgery, 2 years, concurrent with current sentence. Chakeya Brown Tolen, assault and battery 2nd degree, time served.
Dyan Cornelius Tripe, breaking into motor vehicle or tanks, pumps, where fuel, lubricants stored, 12 months. Tyrone Valentine, assault and battery 2nd degree, 18 months, suspended to time served and 24 months probation.
Cesar Antonio Perez-Vasquez, domestic violence 2nd, time served. Francisco Perez Vasques, making/selling false ID to unlawful alien, time served.
Ricky Stanley Wade, failure to stop for blue light, $500. Benjamin Matthew Wallace, possession of firearm by convicted felon, 24 months, suspended to time served and 24 months probation; assault and battery 3rd degree, time served.
Jahkuille Nyisahmel Jahre Wannamaker, failure to stop for blue light, 24 months, suspended to time served and 24 months probation. Quincy Odell Walker, burglary 3rd, 18 months, concurrent with current sentence.
World War II Exhibit
The Saluda County Museum is featuring an exhibit on World War II.
Stop by the museum and check out this exhibit. Also, if you have an WWII items that you would like to share, please do. You can contact the museum at 445-8550 and a volunteer will be glad to assist you.
Hours are as follows: Monday-Friday, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., and Saturday 10 a.m to 1 p.m.
The museum will be closed July 4-7 for celebration of Independence Day.
Today (02 February) three public schools had career days giving hundreds of students the opportunity to learn more about different careers and the paths they have to take to get there. Cayman 27's Jevaughnie Ebanks has this report.
Hundreds of students got a chance to learn about careers spanning from the medical field to law enforcement on Friday (02 February) as three public schools hosted their annual career fairs. At John Gray High School Gymnasium, over 50 companies wooed students. The school's head boy, Mark Plowright said career days are informative and important. “It really helps out with children to like really understand what a job is and they get exposure from this, it's not every day you come to a facility where you can get all sorts of jobs. You have jobs from Maples to construction, all the works,” they said.
Student Vivian Worrells was happy for the opportunity but says they wish more companies attended. They said, “I don't like that some of the companies that you look forward to see are not like here.” Over in the Eastern districts students from the Edna Moyle primary school and East End primary school gathered together to learn about various careers. And even dressed the part. They also got to experience police, fire and even tried their hand at TV. Cayman 27 was also part of the Eastern districts career day held at Edna Moyle Primary School.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Footage taken by police shows the vast scale of disgraced headteacher James Stewart's ‘sex lair'.
The 72-year-old, who was principal of Sawtry Village Academy for almost 30 years, adapted their office into a booze and sex ‘apartment'.
The footage, shot by police, shows how Stewart kept sex toys in their desk drawers and clearly out on show in the rooms of the principal's office at the school.
Cushions are piled up to be used as makeshift beds and sex games sit on shelves along with alcohol and food which can also be seen in their fridge.
They were jailed for four years today (October 6).
The footage shows how they kept sex toys in their desk drawer.
Stewart spent the £100,000 of taxpayers' money they defrauded from the school on the ‘sex pad' which included an ‘inner sanctum'.
The court heard how staff could hear laughing sounds when Stewart was in their office with their PA Mrs Laxton, along with clear sounds of a “sexual nature, rhythmic moaning and banging.”
They could be heard serenading them on their electric piano and they would be seen in a disheveled state with red wine stains around their mouths.
They also had a private phone line installed which they used to make regular calls to bookmakers William Hill.
The rooms boasted custom made furniture.
Stewart, who habitually left the school to watch horse racing and flying off on skiing holidays, defrauded the school to fund their seedy pursuits.
April 12 Italian fashion group Prada executives say at a post results analyst call:
* dividend on 2017 results likely to be in the same range as last few years
* the group is not thinking about M&A deals now, but has no bias against them and will review opportunities if they arise
* improvement in trading conditions seen in December and January are "still there"
* has appointed new manager, Chiara Tosato, to lead digital strategy of the company
* group has seen "sequential" improvement in the second half of 2016, particularly in the last few months of the year
* growth in the UK was double digit in the second half of the year, Russia sales outperformed with double digit growth across the year
* in 2016 group opened 28 new stores, closed 26 and renovated 40 boutiques
* Cash flow generation will be used to self-fund activities, mostly digital initiatives Further company coverage: (Reporting by Milan newsroom)
Good morning, here are our early stories:
-- International Campaign To Abolish Nuclear Weapons Wins 2017 Peace Prize.
-- Las Vegas Shooter's Life Comes Into Focus, But Not Their Motive.
-- Speaking Freely, Retiring Sen. Corker Warns GOP They Could Oppose Tax Plan.
And here are more early headlines:
Trump's Cryptic Reference To "Calm Before The Storm". (NBC)
Nate Predicted To Hit U.S. Gulf Coast As A Hurricane. (NHC)
U.K. Leader Says They Have Support After Speech With Mishaps. (BBC)
Questions About Catalonia's Independence Effort. (New York Times)
Good morning, and welcome to today's Cambridge News live blog, with the top story the freight train derailment at Ely North.
The crash yesterday afternoon (Monday August 14) hurled 11 wagons off the track between Ely and Manea, and work is still going on today to shift them.
The track itself will also need repairing, and Network Rail says it could be several days before services are back to normal.
We'll have all the latest news on how the incident is affecting journeys this morning, as well as updates on all the other traffic and travel news from across the county and beyond.
For the latest news on accidents and congestion on major roads, including the A14, M11 and A1, check out the updates as they happen below.
Do let us know if you spot anything that may affect your morning commute to work - send us a tweet on Twitter@CambridgeNewsUK or write a post on our Facebook page.
Pakistan People Party's leader and memeber of National Assembly, Muhammad Ayaz Soomro passed away at a hospital located in Manhattan, New York on Tuesday, Aaj News reported.
According to sources, Soomro was being treated in the United States for cardiac problem.
Lawyer by profession Soomro was born on December 31st 1958 and was elected as the member of National Assembly from NA-204 (Larkana) in general election in 2013. They also secured MPA seat from PS-37 (Larkana) in 2002 and has also served as law minister back in 2008.
The veteran PPP leader was also elected as the member of Supreme Court Bar from Larkana.
The Vic-Alert automated warning system sent word to thousands of South Island subscribers early Tuesday morning about the potential tsunami hazard. Roughly 6,500 people were signed up for the service before the tsunami warning, and as of mid-morning Tuesday, approximately 23,000 were on board. Don Descoteau/Victoria News
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Good wages, high levels of employment and a low burglary rate are some of the elements that have seen Cambridge ranked as the third best city in Britain overall for people buying a house.
The city places second in terms of employment rate, with 75.9 per cent of 16-64-year-olds in full time employment according to We Buy Any Home's 2018 Selling Points Index.
And Cambridge was also second when it came to wages - only beaten by London - with people in the city taking home an average paycheck of £31,215.
But house prices and education are dragging the city's score down.
Why isn't Cambridge number one?
The poll surveyed 26 cities in total and looked at a wide range of factors including the number of nearby schools with outstanding Ofsted ratings and average waiting times at NHS hospitals.
But despite making the top 10 in several different categories, the city only comes in third - behind Bristol in the top spot and Southampton in second.
The city placed sixth for the average sale time of homes (71 days) and seventh for NHS waiting times (92.4 per cent of patients treated within four hours).
(Image: David Johnson)
Cambridge was also ranked the eighth best city for the number of burglaries, with 3.8 cases for every 1,000 residents.
So, what kept us from the top spot? There are two big reasons.
Firstly, the city ranked number 25 out of 26 when it came to average house price. No surprise.
A Cambridge property sets you back £451,634 on average, only beaten by bottom-ranked London's £743,953.
More embarrassingly for one of the world's most well-known cities for education, Cambridge was placed at number 23 out of 26 when it came to Ofsted ratings.
Only seven schools within a three mile radius have achieved outstanding commendations.
The full results
Bristol Southampton Cambridge Stoke-on-Trent Edinburgh Glasgow Newcastle Plymouth Birmingham Manchester Derby Portsmouth Norwich Sheffield London Leeds Brighton Leicester Bath Liverpool Hull Nottingham Middlesbrough Cardiff Swansea Belfast
In conversation, Joe Lewis, the titular singer, songwriter, and lead guitarist for Black Joe Lewis & the Honeybears, is about as laid-back as it gets. Their answers tend to be one or two sentences, max, with an excitement-meter reading that hovers around comatose. That's in conversation. On record, especially on 2013's Electric Slave, Lewis is an absolute wild man, screaming at the top of their lungs over their molten, megaton riffing and guiding their swaggering rhythm section through 11 elemental heavy blues rockers with sheer punk abandon. It's a primal roar that makes AC/DC sound like XTC.
It was also, in Lewis' view, not the band's most focused work. He's talked in recent interviews about how the album was "all over the place" and placed a heavier emphasis on hard rock than they preferred. And the first single off the band's just-out album, Backlash, is proof enough that they wanted to go in a different direction.
"PTP" is a horn-spiked slice of funk rock that settles into a ridiculously in-the-pocket groove and allows Lewis to spin off some fleet-fingered soloing in the vein of Stevie Ray Vaughan. It's a harbinger of an album that takes a step back to the bluesier music that Lewis and company offered on their first three records, but Lewis' vocals are more soulful and restrained than ever before.
"PTP," by the way, stands for "Power to the Pussy," a title in the tradition of past Lewis gems like "Bitch, I Love You" and "Get Yo Shit."
"I just think the songwriting's better," Lewis says of the songs on Backlash. "It's a lot more blues versus the last one, which was a lot more rock 'n' roll. I wanted to do more blues stuff. The last one I was yelling a lot, and it was a lot more hard rock."
Lewis says that out of the band's five albums, Backlash is the one that has the most defined sound, although they acknowledge that they might just be saying that because the album is new.
"I think after years of doing it, I just like the songs better on this one than the other ones," they say. "But I guess I've probably said that about every other record that's come out."
It's certainly the best-sounding album the band has produced, thickening up the rhythm section and adding some bottom-end to Lewis solos. In some ways, it could even be called refined. "I think that just comes from more experience and time," Lewis says of the band's more honed sound. "We've learned to play long sections of the songs and then go back and see what works — keep it natural."
Perhaps another reason the band's in-studio sound seems to be peaking is that Backlash is the second album they've done with Grammy Award-winning producer/engineer Stuart Sikes (White Stripes, Modest Mouse).
"It's cool that they get what we're doing," Lewis says. "And a lot of times he'll throw ideas out about the songs. Having that opinion outside the band is a good thing. We go in there with what we've got, and they get the sounds. He's not super pushy or anything — they just says try this or try that, and it's something the band hasn't thought about. He's really good at getting the sounds we want."
The video for "PTP" is a striking clip that animates the band members, and Lewis is matter-of-fact about why they liked the concept, even if the name of the person who created the video (Roger Haus) eludes him. "It's an artist out in L.A.," they say. "I don't like acting or being in videos that much, so this was a good away around it. Everybody likes being in cartoons, right?"
The search for an armed suspect in North Richland Hills led to three schools in the Birdville Independent School District being placed on lockdown Wednesday morning, according to school officials.
North Richland Hills police placed The Academy at C.F. Thomas, Birdville High School and Walker Creek Elementary on a soft lockdown for about 30 minutes this morning, the school district posted on Facebook.
The soft lockdown meant that all normal activities inside the schools were conducted, but all outside activities were suspended.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Police said they were looking for someone in the 7800 block of Mockingbird Lane area who was linked to a reported overdose call and was possibly armed with a handgun. The man was reported to be white, in their late 40s, wearing a blue t-shirt and jean shorts.
Around 11:30 a.m. police lifted the precautionary procedures at each school and placed an officer on site during the early pickup and release of students today.
Police had no additional details on the search for the suspect.
Please fill out the information below to Subscribe to Hurleys Media LTD. This will allow you to post comments on articles, get notifications on upcoming events and MORE!
Updated at 12:33 p.m. ET
Bob Dorough, whose career began as a composer, arranger and singer in the booming New York jazz scene of the '50s and '60s before they became the musical keystone of Schoolhouse Rock!, died Monday afternoon in Mt. Bethel, Penn., their wife, Sally Shanley Dorough, confirmed to NPR. They were 94.
The Arkansas-born, Texas-raised Dorough began working in music in the army, serving as a composer, arranger and player in the Special Services Army Band between 1943 and '45, before getting a Bachelor of Music degree from the University of North Texas. In the late '40s, Dorough made their way to New York, working there as a pianist and singer.
They released their debut album, Devil May Care, in 1956 on Gus Wildi's Bethlehem label, also home to Nina Simone's first album. Devil May Care was a document of loungey bebop, with Dorough's windy, charming and idiosyncratically accented singing of buoyant lyrics that hinted at their success to come. "In a dream / the strangest and oddest things / appear / and what insane insane and silly things / we do," they sang on "I Had the Craziest Dream."
Not long after the release of Devil May Care, the legendary Miles Davis recorded their own interpretation of its title track, which would go on to become a jazz standard.
Dorough collaborated with Davis on the serrated holiday song "Blue Xmas (To Whom It May Concern)" and later sang on "Nothing Like You," the closing track of Davis' 1967 album Sorcerer. As critic Ben Ratliff wrote in notes accompanying a vinyl reissue of Sorcerer last fall: "The trumpeter Leron Thomas recently told me that they think of it as Miles's version of a Looney Tunes move: 'That's All, Folks.' "
Then, in 1971, with the jazz money running thin, Dorough was asked by their boss at the advertising company where they had a day job for to set the multiplication tables to music; their boss cited their children's ability to remember Hendrix and Rolling Stones lyrics, but not their school lessons.
"I got the idea that three is a magic number," Dorough told NPR's Rachel Martin in 2013. "Then I looked in the magic book and sure enough, three is one of the magic numbers." That concept became the song "Three Is a Magic Number" and the project would become the Grammy-nominated Multiplication Rock. Originally intended as a school workbook, the concept was pitched and sold to ABC executive Michael Eisner, becoming the first of the long-running Schoolhouse Rock! series of educational cartoons that became an all-but inseparable part of of '70s and '80s childhood.
After the fully Dorough-penned Multiplication Rock, the series' contributors expanded to include Lynn Ahrens, Dave Frishberg (writer of "I'm Just a Bill") and George Newall, with Dorough staying on as musical director. Expanding to cover grammar — Dorough's least-favorite subject to pen music on — American politics and history and science, the initial series ran for 12 years and was revived in the '90s.
The tribute album Schoolhouse Rock! Rocks, recorded by indie artists that had no doubt grown up watching the series, was released in 1996. It featured reinterpretations of the now-famous tunes, including Dorough compositions "Conjunction Junction" (Better Than Ezra), "Three Is a Magic Number" (Blind Melon), "Electricity, Electricity" (Goodness) and "Lolly, Lolly, Lolly, Get Your Adverbs Here" (Buffalo Tom).
Later in life, Dorough became a mentor to the British-American singer, actor and comedian Nellie McKay, whom they first met in 1997, McKay tells NPR. "He was leaving Professor Pat Dorian's office at East Stroudsburg University — even in an academic setting, they glowed with health and good cheer, spreading sunshine wherever they went," McKay says. "Lou Reed's idea of hell would be to sit in heaven with Bob Dorough," McKay says, referencing the famously cantankerous New York rocker.
Dorough themselves continued to play live for the rest of their life — at 92, Dorough performed "Devil May Care" for member station WBGO — and as recently as three weeks ago in upstate New York.
(Adds details on specific stocks, updates prices)
* TSX up 15.93 points, or 0.1 percent, at 15,683.06
* Five of the TSX's 10 main groups move higher
TORONTO, April 10 Canada's main stock index was barely higher in morning trade on Monday, helped by energy stocks as the price of oil rose, while miners broadly weighed.
The heavyweight energy group climbed 1.2 percent, with Canadian Natural Resources Ltd adding 1.6 percent to C$45.33 and Encana Corp up 2.2 percent at C$15.89, as a shutdown at Libya's largest oilfield and political tensions in the Middle East supported prices.
At 10:01 a.m. ET (1401 GMT), the Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index was up 15.93 points, or 0.1 percent, at 15,683.06.
Five of the index's 10 main groups were in positive territory.
The stock market operator, TMX Group Ltd, rose 0.5 percent to C$70.96 after China's state-owned clearing house said on Saturday that it will work with the company to expedite cross-border investments.
Financial stocks were barely higher overall, as data showed housing starts jumped far more than expected in March.
Toronto-Dominion Bank gained 0.3 percent to C$66.42 and insurer Manulife Financial Corp rose 0.4 percent to C$23.40.
The materials group, which includes precious and base metals miners and fertilizer companies, lost 0.4 percent, as gold prices slipped from a five-month high on a stronger U.S. dollar, demand concerns weighed on copper, and other industrial metals also fell.
Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd lost 0.9 percent to C$59.26 and Goldcorp Inc declined 0.6 percent to C$19.65.
Shares of Ritchie Bros Auctioneers Inc slid 7.7 percent to C$39.58 after a bank cut its rating on the stock. (Reporting by Alastair Sharp; Editing by Bernard Orr)
Emergency services are responding to a multi-vehicle collision on Cambridge's Fen Road.
According to witnesses six vehicles were involved in the crash.
Fen Road, in the East Chesterton area of Cambridge, is one of the city's most notorious roads.
Families living in and around the area have accused police of failing to take action over dangerous driving and a litany of attacks on cyclists and pedestrians .
We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story.
For the latest news visit http://www.cambridge-news.co.uk/news/
Get all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you.
Follow us on Twitter @CambridgeNewsUK - the official Cambridge News account - giving real news in real time.
We're also on facebook.com/cambridgenews - for must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day from the Cambridge News.
Blade City is pleased to announce they are offering their new customers 10 percent off their entire first order. The company offers a variety of knives and blades to best suit the needs of each of their customers and want to give individuals a special gift for becoming a customer for the first time.
Blade City takes great pride in offering the largest selection of knives, swords and blades for both the collector and those who need them for a variety of uses. Those who are interested in making their first purchase can simply enter their email address on the website to join the mailing list and receive a code for 10 percent off their first order.
The Blade City website offers a vast selection of products designed to meet the varying needs of their customers. The online store makes it fast and easy to find the precise products customers need, as well as identify items that are currently on sale. The company not only offers a variety of knives and swords, but also features mystery boxes and daily deals, along with the chance to enter a monthly giveaway.
Anyone interested in learning about this offer can find out more by visiting the Blade City website or by calling 1-786-580-3802.
About Blade City: Blade City is a leading online provider of knives, swords and other blades to a vast array of customers. The company also offers mystery boxes, daily deals, a knife club and other features to best suit the needs of their customers. Individuals can quickly search for what they need online and have it conveniently shipped to their door.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Crowds turned out in force for the first four-star Severn Bore of the year which washed up through Gloucestershire.
Surfers rode the tidal wave in the lower reaches of the River Severn at Newnham, and dozens of people turned out to watch it at Minsterworth.
No five-star bores are forecast for this year so today's was one of the highest of the year - a 10 metre high tide and lower river level than for three-star bores last month made for an impressive wave.
It passed Newnham just after 8am, the Severn Bore pub at Minsterworth an hour later, at around 9.25pm at Stonebench near Hardwicke and Over bridge by 9.45am before petering out at Maisemore weir.
The next four-star bores in the day time are expected on Saturday and Sunday, March 3 and 4, when much bigger crowds are expected to watch them.
A Middle Island pet rescue under investigation by the state attorney general's office was hit with a class-action lawsuit Monday claiming that sick dogs are being put up for adoption, fake pet medications are being distributed, and the ages of some of the puppies are falsified.
Miller Place attorney Vesselin Mitev said in a telephone interview that they filed the suit against Friends of Freddie Pet Rescue in Suffolk County Supreme Court Monday morning on behalf of themselves and three other Long Islanders.
Mitev said they adopted their dogs there and soon afterward found them to have illnesses and problems ranging from pneumonia to parasites. One of their animals died, according to the lawsuit.
A representative from Friends of Freddie was not immediately available for comment Monday.
Mitev, who themselves is a plaintiff, and adopted their Lab mix, Percival, from Friends of Freddie, said in the lawsuit that the Middle Country Road facility is a “public nuisance” that should be closed because some of the health problems are contagious.
“Animals' ages, breeds, pedigrees, health conditions, immunizations/vaccinations and susceptibility in future infections/illnesses were kept hidden from prospective adoptive parents and otherwise altered, changed, falsified and manipulated by Defendants, their agents and employees,” the lawsuit says.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
The lawsuit claims that to “induce” adoptions prospective “parents” were provided phony preventive medications to guard against certain health issues. Mitev said that when Percival came down with a cough Mitev was given purported medicine by workers at the facility that they learned through their vet was actually a mixture of herbs and water.
Another plaintiff, Kenneth Harsch Jr., 28, of Medford, said in a telephone interview Monday that they adopted their Chiweenie around Thanksgiving of last year when the dog was 6 months old.
“When I got them home they were coughing and would have to lay down a lot,” Harsch said. They said they got the same medication from the facility and added, “My vet didn't even know what it was.”
Harsch said the dog was diagnosed by the vet with advanced pneumonia, kennel cough and parasites.
Also among the charges in the lawsuit is that, “Animals much younger than the customary 8-week minimum adoption age were and are routinely put up for adoption,” presenting such problems as an inability to chew and digest food, separation anxiety from their littermates and mothers, and overall fragile, developing immune systems that make them “extraordinarily susceptible to disease.”
A spokesperson for state Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman said last week that Friends of Freddie Rescue was being investigated by the office, and they said on Monday the probe was still ongoing. They have declined to provide information about the nature of the investigation or when it started.
Two of the plaintiffs in the lawsuit — Kristen Addiss, 27, of Port Jefferson, and Kim Kondak, 39, of Shirley — said in interviews with Newsday last week that they had reported to the attorney general's office their experience with sick dogs they adopted from the rescue.
Addiss said their Terrier mix, Leila, died on March 5 at 11 weeks old — less than a month after adopting them from the shelter. Kondak said they adopted their shepherd/Labrador mix, Maci, on March 3 at eight weeks old and she's been sick ever since.
After the attorney general's investigation was revealed last week, Beth Matthews, a volunteer at Friends of Freddie, said they were aware of the probe but said it had to do with paperwork and questions about whether the facility has kept proper records as a nonprofit operation.
Matthews, who said there were about 70 dogs being housed at the shelter as of last week, acknowledged there had been complaints of sick animals but they said that comes with taking in rescue dogs that could come from across the country. They said they can appear healthy and have an illness develop weeks later. They said it was also possible some of the new owners did not take care of their dogs properly after they left the shelter.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Unspecified damages are being sought in the lawsuit, and Mitev said they are seeking out others who have had problems with the facility to join the legal action.
A look at things to watch this week in the Pac-12 Conference:
GAME OF THE WEEK: Southern California at No. 6 UCLA, Saturday. The Trojans (21-5, 8-5 Pac-12) won the first meeting between the Southern California rivals 84-76 on Jan. 25 behind Shaqquan Aaron's 23 points. The Bruins (23-3, 10-3 Pac-12) have not lost since, winning four straight, including last week's 82-79 victory over then-No. 5 Oregon. USC is still in decent shape to make the NCAA Tournament, but a win over UCLA, which moved up four spots in this week's poll, would certainly be a big boost to its resume.
LOOKING AHEAD: California is still on the NCAA Tournament bubble and certainly can't afford a loss to Stanford, adding another layer of intrigue to this rivalry game on Friday. The Bears (18-7, 9-4) have won five of six, their only loss in that span by five points to No. 5 Arizona. Cal beat Stanford 66-55 in their first meeting on Jan. 29 behind a huge game from Ivan Raab, who had 25 points and 13 rebounds. The Cardinal will need to find a way to slow them to earn the season split.
INSIDE THE NUMBERS: The Pac-12 had three teams in the NCAA Tournament selection committee's top 16: No. 8 Oregon, No. 9 Arizona and No. 15 UCLA. … The Pac-12 has had five games between ranked conference teams this season, most in the regular season since 2008-09. … Oregon has the nation's longest home winning streak at 40 games and Arizona is fifth nationally with 20 straight home wins.
Advertisement
ON THE WOMEN'S SIDE: A pair of back-to-back rivalry games highlight the week in Pac-12 women's basketball. No. 10 Stanford plays at Cal on Thursday, then hosts the Bears on Sunday. In the desert, Arizona hosts Arizona State on Friday, then heads up the I-10 to play the Sun Devils in Tempe.
PLAYER TO WATCH: Torian Graham, Arizona State. Graham bounced back from missing all nine of their 3-point shots against Cal by making six in a win over Stanford, including two in the final 76 seconds. The senior guard is Arizona State's leading scorer at 18.1 points per game and is shooting 37 percent from the 3-point arc.
___
Compiled by AP Basketball Writer John Marshall in Phoenix.
NEW ORLEANS (AP) — The 8-year-old niece of pop star Britney Spears, who was injured in an all-terrain vehicle accident, still isn't well enough to return to school but was able to take Valentine's Day treats to their class in Louisiana Tuesday.
Eight-year-old Maddie Spears-Aldridge is the daughter of Spears' sister, actor and singer Jamie Lynn Spears.
According to a post on Jamie Lynn Spears' Instagram account, the girl was happy to see their friends again. Jamie Lynn Spears wrote that their daughter still isn't ready to go back to school but doctors cleared them for the Valentine's Day visit.
The Tangipahoa Parish Sheriff's Office says Maddie was submerged in a pond inside the all-terrain vehicle Feb. 5 and nearby family members couldn't free them An ambulance service arrived and pulled them out.
Advertisement
They were released from the hospital last Friday.
Traffic congestion is costing drivers hours in lost time and businesses more than a combined $3.5 billion in lost productivity across 10 of Australia's biggest cities, new data shows.
Sydney tops the nation for lost time in traffic, with individual drivers spending, on average, an extra 156 hours in their cars each year at a cost of $1.04 billion.
Satellite navigation company TomTom released its annual congestion index on Tuesday showing Melbourne motorists weren't far behind, spending an extra 130 hours in traffic at a cost of $912 million.
"This is bad news for businesses," TomTom Telematics ANZ's Christopher Chisman-Duffy said on Tuesday.
"Not only is it costing them financially in lost hours but it can also impact on service level agreements and the customer experience, as well as the health and safety of their drivers."
Despite its smaller population, Hobart ranks as the third-most congested city in the country at a cost of $80 million a year.
The report also found Tuesday mornings and Thursday evenings to be the worst congestion, increasing travel times by 55 per cent and 58 per cent respectively.
In Melbourne, the worst road for congestion was Richmond's Hoddle Street and Punt Road, which passes the MCG and carries significant amounts of traffic over the Yarra River.
The report took into account the number of commercial vehicles registered in each city, the minimum wage, and the amount of time vehicles were stuck in congested traffic, based on data from TomTom's devices.
THE CONGESTION COST
* Sydney - average of 156 hours a year lost at a cost of $1.04 billion
* Melbourne - 130 hours, $912 million
* Hobart - 123 hours, $80 million
* Brisbane - 104 hours, $611 million
* Adelaide - 99 hours, $249 million
* Gold Coast - 95 hours, $125 million
* Perth - 94 hours, $433 million
* Newcastle - 85 hours, $24 million
* Canberra - 80 hours, $43 million
* Wollongong - 61 hours, $22 million.
SOURCE: TomTom Traffic Index and Congestion Report
LONDON: A senior Iranian official said on Tuesday that Tehran might quit a treaty designed to stop the spread of nuclear weapons if U.S. President Donald Trump scraps the nuclear accord Iran signed with world powers in 2015.
Trump has said that unless European allies fix what they have called “terrible flaws” in the accord by May 12, they will restore U.S. economic sanctions on Iran, which would be a severe blow to the pact.
The other powers that signed it – Russia, China, Germany, Britain and France – have all said they want to preserve the agreement that curbed Iran's nuclear program in return for the lifting of most international sanctions.
In a news conference broadcast on state television, the secretary of Iran's Supreme National Security Council, Ali Shamkhani, said the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran was ready for some “surprising actions” if the nuclear deal was scrapped.
Answering a question about the possibility of Tehran withdrawing from the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT), Shamkhani said: “This is one of three options that we are considering.”
The objective of the NPT, which took effect in 1970, is to halt the spread of nuclear weapons-making capability, guarantee the right of all members to develop nuclear energy for peaceful ends. The original five nuclear weapons powers — the United States, Russia, Chian, Britain and France – would also phase out their arsenals.
Iran has been a non-nuclear-weapon state party to the NPT since 1970.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani also warned Trump on Tuesday to stay in the nuclear deal or face “severe consequences”
“I am telling those in the White House that if they do not live up to their commitments…the Iranian government will firmly react,” Rouhani said in a speech.
“If anyone betrays the deal, they should know that they would face severe consequences,” they told a cheering crowd of thousands gathered in the city of Tabriz. “Iran is prepared for all possible situations,” they added.
Iran has said it will ramp up its nuclear program if the deal collapses.
French President Emmanuel Macron is in Washington, trying to convince Trump not to tear up the accord.
In a U.N. non-proliferation conference in Geneva, Russia and China submitted a draft statement expressing “unwavering “support” for the Iran nuclear accord and said they hoped it would receive broad backing
The Russian Foreign Ministry's Director General for Non-Proliferation and Arms Control, Vladimir Yermakov, told the meeting that the deal, known as the JCPOA, was fragile and any attempt to amend it would affect the global non-proliferation regime.—Reuters
Washington: Defence Secretary Jim Mattis on Wednesday dismissed chances of a return to the major US troop deployments to Afghanistan that characterised the early years of the Obama administration, a day after the White House gave them power to set troop levels.
Asked whether they expected to hike US troop levels, now at about 8,400 in Afghanistan, to anywhere near America`s 2011 peak of more than 100,000 troops, Mattis said, "No, sir, I do not."
Jose Louis Estrada, 93 of Findlay passed away on Tuesday, May 29, 2018.
They were born on July 27, 1924 in Leon, Mexico. Louis married Guadalupe Estrada and they divorced. They then married Juaquina Quina Velasquez and they enjoyed 40 years of marriage before their passing on May 31, 2013.
 They are survived by twelve children: Dave (Mary Ellen) Estrada of Toledo, Fred (Karen) Estrada, Roberta Estrada, Carla Estrada, all of Fostoria, Lydia Estrada of Florida, Cecilia Estrada of Dayton, Gloria Faz of Findlay, Kathy (Richard) Lee of Tiffin, Mary Terry of Tiffin, Juan (Deborah) Velasquez of Grosse Pointe Park, MI, Dodie (Larry) Bour of Tiffin and Livier “Bebe” (Doug) Parent of Findlay.
They were preceded in death by three children: Romelia Estrada, Louis Estrada and Christina Velasquez and two sisters, Carmen and Maria Estrada.
Louis retired from Chrysler Corporation after 30 years of service. They were an avid Cleveland Indians Fan, loved music and reading but most of all, they enjoyed spending time with their family, especially their many grandchildren and great-grandchildren.
Louis also enjoyed traveling back to Mexico every year, was a great story teller and enjoyed Mogen David Wine. They were very proud of their appearance and would always dress sharp.
Louis was a member of St. Michael the Archangel Catholic Church.
Visitation will be held from 11:00 a.m. – 1:00 p.m. on Thursday, May 31, 2018 at COLDREN-CRATES FUNERAL HOME.
A funeral mass will follow at 2:00 p.m. on Thursday, May 31, 2018 at St. Wendelin Catholic Church, 323 N. Wood St. Fostoria. A private burial will take place at a later date.
Memorial contributions can be made to the Multiple Sclerosis Society or a charity of the donor's choice.
Online condolences can be expressed to the family by visiting www.coldrencrates.com.
Comments
comments
NEW DELHI: Another accused has on Saturday been apprehended in connection with the suspicious death of a 14-year-old student of a school in Delhi's Khajuri Khas.
The teen, a student of the Jeewan Jyoti School in Khajuri Khas, was found unconscious inside school premises on February 1. They were immediately rushed to the hospital, however, was declared brought dead.
According to police, five people including the deceased student were seen fighting inside a bathroom of the school in a CCTV footage. Three other accused have already been arrested.
Following the incident, people staged a protest outside the school.
Earlier, the family of the 14-year-old student had claimed that they had died more than two hours ago. They had further claimed that they had been in a fight with someone before dying.
"School called us saying they are unconscious. When we came here, they refused to admit him. We then took them to another hospital which declared them dead. They had died over 2 hours ago. Looking at their body we realised they had been in a fight with someone," uncle of the deceased had said.
The incident comes in the wake of the suspicious killing of Pradhuman Thakur, a Class 2 student, who was found dead in their school's toilet with their throat slit.
The brutal murder incident took place on September 8, last year. Seven-year-old Pradhuman was a student of Gurugram's Ryan International School.
Global Organic Yeast Market: Overview
In an age when “organic” has become a buzzword both on account of its eco-friendly nature and health benefits, no wonder then organic yeasts are becoming a key ingredient in baking breads. Although still a niche segment on account of its expensiveness resulting from steep production costs, it still holds out promise. While at present mainly the health conscious upwardly mobile consumers mostly prefer them, with better production techniques and greater awareness among the masses about its benefits, it would likely gain traction in the future.
A noticeable trend observed in the market is keen players pulling out every stop to manufacture new varieties of organic yeast formulated from simple and clean ingredients and enhancing flavors and taste. Sensing an opportunity in the market for organic food ingredients, many new players are expected foray into the space, thus making the landscape fragmented and competitive.
Request For Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=21248
Global Organic Yeast Market: Key Trends
There are many reasons why organic yeast market is gradually gaining traction. One of them is the little fallout on the environment. This is because it avoids using ingredients such as synthetic vitamin, harsh acids, bases, namely sodium hydroxide, anti-foaming agents, and ammonia and ammonium salts. All these not just harm the environment but also pose danger to human health. Knowledge about such factors is gradually promoting uptake of organic yeasts in baking. In addition, rising disposable incomes of people worldwide too is positively impacting demand.
Organic yeast finds usage in food and beverage, pharmaceuticals, and brewing industry. At present, the food and beverage industry is stoking maximum demand. The players are seen banking upon various distribution channels such as supermarkets and hypermarkets, wholesale, ecommerce, and retail stores to reach out to consumers. Among them, the online platforms are seen holding out great promise on account of the proliferation of smartphones and a growing yuppie brigade preferring to order healthy food on the go.
Organic yeast sold in the market is found in various forms. Those include flakes, powders, and extract. Among them, the powdered form is witnessing widespread sales owing to its ease of use and nutritional benefits. The flakes too are gaining popularity as a flavor for seasoning.
Further, organic yeast is of two types – nutritional and brewers. Between the two, brewer's yeast which is gotten in the process of making beer is a type of Saccharomyces cerevisiae. Brewer's yeast is a great source of nucleic acid which makes for a good nutritious supplement. Nutritional organic yeast, on the other hand, finds application in bakery and is typically grown on molasses.
Global Organic Yeast Market: Regional Outlook
Geographically, the report segments the global organic yeast market into Latin America, North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, and the Middle East and Africa. North America and Europe, of them, are at the forefront of driving the market currently mainly on account of their large pool of health conscious people and presence of many savvy manufacturers and vendors in the regions. However, going forward, Asia Pacific is expected to emerge as one of the attractive markets owing to its large population, the surging spending capacity of people, and widespread urbanization.
Obtain Report Details @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/organic-yeast-market.html
Global Organic Yeast Market: Competitive Dynamics
Lesaffre, Bob's Red Mill Natural Foods, Martin Braun-Gruppe, Imperial Yeast, Rapunzel Naturkost GmbH, Doves Farm Foods Ltd., Solgar Inc., Sari Foods Co., Now Foods, and Marigold Health Foods Ltd. are some of the key players operating in the global yeast market.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Travellers have been slammed for driving across pavements at Milton Park and Ride.
According to one Park and Ride user travellers have been driving across the grass and pavements as they use it as a shortcut to their camp.
The group of 10 caravans, two cars, four vans and some ponies and dogs have been camped up at the Park and Ride since May 18.
One Park and Ride user who did not want to be named said: "I saw a van drive across the pavement next to the pedestrian crossing at the park and ride.
(Image: Keith Jones)
"It's an accident waiting to happen.
"They were clearly using it as a shortcut to get to the campsite.
"It looks like someone has removed the bollards and fence to make it easier to drive over it."
They added: "It wasn't putting anyone in danger but I just thought it was so rude and cheeky. I don't understand why they can't they just drive round it like everyone else."
A spokesperson for Cambridgeshire County Council, who own the Park and Ride land, said: "I can confirm the process [to remove the travellers] is coming to an end. It's imminent, they shouldn't be there for long."
Traveller groups have been spotted across the county in recent weeks.
On land next to the A505 a group of travellers left massive piles of rubbish and rubble behind, after a two-week eviction process.
Download the Cambridge News app We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in. To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here. Find out more about the app here.
It is not clear if they are the same group who are currently occupying land on Milton Park and Ride.
Other traveller camps have been spotted in Cambourne and Duxford throughout May.
By
Police Blotter December 2017
Subscribe to the Manchester Enterprise Today!
Click Here To Subscribe On-line
Walter Hoskins, age 51, of Charlie Rawlings Road (Manchester) was arrested on a Clay District Court warrant in which Kentucky State Police Trooper Shawn Boroviak states that on November 24 Hoskins struck their girlfriend with a cane and broke their arm. Kentucky State Police Trooper First Class Josh Wilson at Hoskins' home on Charlie Rawlings Road made the arrest. Hoskins was booked into Clay County Detention Center and charged with assault (second degree) (domestic violence).
Jonathan Rawlings, age 31, of Upper Rader Road (Manchester) was arrested after they “went out of control” while police were investigating an earlier complaint. Kentucky State Police Trooper Jarod Smith went to a home on Upper Rader Road, which is a neighbor of Rawlings. Social Services were investigating a report that Rawlings had “got into a fight with a woman who was not released to them in front of their kids”. Smith assisted in completing a prevention plan to protect the kids with Rawlings' aunt and grandmother.
While leaving Smith saw Rawlings outside their aunt's house yelling and cursing. Their aunt advised that they were out of control and they could not deal with him. They continued to yell and scream while the trooper was still there. After they were arrested they continued to yell, curse and kick the cage in the cruiser. Rawlings was booked into Clay County Detention Center and charged with disorderly conduct (second degree) and public intoxication (controlled substance) (excludes alcohol).
Sandra J Brock (AKA Joann Smith), age 53, of Highway 2000 (Manchester) was arrested on a Clay District Court warrant in which Mary Ann Wagers states that on May 10 Brock took a gun that belonged to Wagers. Clay County Deputy Sheriff Cody Blackwell arrested them at their home. They were booked into Clay County Detention Center and charged with theft by unlawful taking (firearm).
Christopher Mills, age 35, of Braxton Lane (Lily) was arrested after leaving children home alone and driving under the influence with another child. Kentucky State Police Trooper Logan Howell contacted KSP Trooper Jarod Smith and advised them to go to Beech Creek Apartments and located Mills. Howell was at Mills' home in Lily with Social Services. Smith was to locate a three-year-old child and do a welfare check. When Smith arrived at the apartment Mills pulled out of the parking lot in a 2003 Chrysler Town and Country Van. When Smith pulled them over on Bowling Street the child was in the back seat buckled up. Smith noticed Mills appeared to be high and had slurred speech and placed them under arrest. Trooper Howell was contacted and they told Smith to take the child into custody.
Mills had left other kids home alone and they were already in custody. The child's grandmother had been contacted and was on the way to pick up the child at the Clay 911 Center. Clay County Deputy Sheriff Jeff Kelsey arrived on the scene and took custody of the child while Smith waited on Hacker's Towing to get the vehicle. Mills was taken to Manchester Memorial Hospital and submitted to a blood test. Mills was unable to contact an attorney but they did contact a family member to check on the condition of their children.
Mills was booked into Clay County Detention Center and charged with suspended license (second offense); no seat belts; operating motor vehicle under influence (fourth or more offense); endangering the welfare of a minor and no insurance.
Brittany Hooker, age 25, of Needmore Hollow Road (Manchester) was arrested after refusing to leave the hospital. Manchester Police Officer Jeff Collett and Kentucky State Police Trooper Jarod Smith responded to a complaint from Manchester Memorial Hospital that Hooker had been released from the hospital but refused to leave. They were “screaming and talking gibberish” when officer arrived. The hospital had other patients in the waiting room while Hooker continuer to act erratic.
Hooker was booked into Clay County Detention Center and charged with disorderly conduct (second degree) and criminal trespassing (third degree).
George Pearl Walker, age 41, of Veronica Lane (Manchester) was arrested on a Clay District Court warrant in which Teddy Smallwood states that on October 18 in the Save A Lot parking lot Walker “walked up to Smallwood's vehicle and held a gun to the car and threatened to kill Smallwood”. Smallwood and a five-year-old child were in the vehicle at the time.
Manchester Police Officer Gary Jordan made the arrest at Walker's home. Walker was booked into Clay County Detention Center and charged with terroristic threatening (third degree),
Cordia Gray, age 38, and Hazel Gray, age 73, of Little Creek Road (Big Creek) were arrested on a Clay County District warrant in which Tammy Lynch states that Hazel Gray and Cordia Gray came onto Lynch's property with others they had hired and cut weeds and trees. Clay County Deputy Sheriff Jeremy Gabbard made the arrest at the Clay County Sheriff's Office. Both were booked into the Clay County Detention Center and charged with criminal trespassing (third degree) and criminal mischief (third degree).
Beverly Wagers, age 44, of North Highway 11 (Barbourville) was arrested by Kentucky State Police Trooper Shawn Boroviak after they observed Wagers operating a motor vehicle without wearing a seat belt on Add Hollow Road. During the traffic stop they failed to signal their turn off the roadway. They had pinpoint pupils and slurred speech and failed several field sobriety tests. They were taken to Manchester Memorial Hospital and refused the requested blood test.
When they were booked into jail and searched they were searched and jail personnel located a cellophane cigarette package wrapper containing a white crystallized substance as well as an unopened suboxone wrapper in their undergarments. Them citation states, “She was a two timed convicted felon who introduced a substance into the jail which was a danger to other inmates and well as jail staff”.
They were booked into the Clay County Detention Center and charged with failure to wear seat belts; operation motor vehicle under the influence (first offense); possession of controlled substance (first degree) (second offense) (methamphetamine); possession controlled substance (third degree) (drug unspecified); promoting contraband (first degree) and persistent felon offender.
Angela R. Lovins, age 26, of Gregory Branch Road (Manchester) was arrested after Kentucky State Police Trooper Logan Wolfe received a complaint from Clay 911 that Bridgette Downey called an advised they had been involved in a motor vehicle accident and a Black Honda Accord driven by Lovins had struck their vehicle. Bridgette stated that Lovins' vehicle had struck them and they drove off. Downey told the officer were Lovins was going and Wolfe was able to locate Lovins and a Black Accord on Gregory Road. When they saw the police officer Lovins ran away on foot.
When they were questioned they said they had been with their family and it wasn't them in the car. They were wearing the clothes Downey had described. They were told they were under arrest, then grabbed a family member and said they were not going. They refused several times to go with the trooper. They grabbed their arm and pulled them away from the family member who apologized for having to deal with them It was determined they were manifestly under the influence or drugs. They stated they had smoked marijuana like cigarettes.
They were booked into Clay County Detention Center and charged with leaving scene of accident (failure to render aid or assistance); fleeing or evading police (second degree) (on foot); public intoxication (controlled substance) (excludes alcohol) and resisting arrest.
Rafael Roark, age 25, of Belles Fork Road (Manchester) was arrested after Clay County Deputy Sheriff Cody Blackwell responded to a call came from Clay 911 that Roark was at a home on Belles Fork Road, laying on the front porch beating on the door. When Blackwell arrived they were still on the porch and refused to leave. Roark advised the officer they had taken meth earlier. Roark was booked into Clay County Detention Center and charged with criminal trespassing (third degree) and public intoxication (controlled substance) (excludes alcohol).
Amanda Roark, age 20, of Lyttleton Road (Manchester) was arrested on a Clay District warrant in which Cindy Jordan Eversole states that on December 1 kicked Roark kicked Eversole and threaten to cut their throat with a switchblade. Clay County Deputy Sheriff Michael Cagle made the arrest at Arrowhead Court. Roark was booked into Clay County Detention Center and charged with wanton endangerment (second degree) and assault (fourth degree) (no visible injury).
Travis Owens, age 36, and Emily Owens, age 34, of South Highway 421 (Manchester) have been arrested on a Clay District warrant in which Norma Messer states that on November 6 they broke a lock on Messer's outbuilding and took approximately $800.00 or their property. Manchester Police Officer Jason Combs made the arrest at Relco Plaza. Both were booked into Clay County Detention Center and charged with burglary (third degree) and theft by unlawful taking ($500.00 or more but under $10,000.00).
Jake Bubak Claims First-Career NCRA Sprint Victory
Park City, Kansas – May 26, 2018 – Arvada, Colorado driver Jake Bubak took advantage of race-long leader Jeremy Campbells encounter with lapped traffic to claim their first career National Championship Racing Association of Park City, Kansas presented by Precise Racing Products sprint car victory Saturday night at 81 Speedway in “prelude to Maynia” and a combined effort with the Texas-based NCRA Sprint Car Bandits.
Campbell and Kyle Clark started on the front row for the twenty-five-lap feature with Campbell, aboard the family owned Dan's Cycles, Scotts Well Service, BEPC, Knoche Farms, JP Agronomy, HRP, DMI, Penske sponsored #10c, taking the lead as the green flag fell.
The Wichita veteran had their Schroeder powered Maxim chassis dialed in as they had lapped up to eleventh place up to the final lap before a lapped car hit the backstretch wall. Don Droud, Jr., Fred Mattox, Junior Jenkins and Colby Estes were involved in the melee.
Bubak inherited the lead on the final restart and would hold off Clark to claim their second career 360-ci victory and first with the series. Clark settled for a series-best second place finish while thirteenth starting J.D. Johnson and his: Auto Craft, Evans, Relloy USA, Andale Construction, Alternative Pest Control sponsored #98 finished an impressive third. Seventh-starting Jeff Stasa came home fourth aboard the family owned; Jeff Stasa Motorsports, SBR Motorsports, Keizer Wheels, Simpson, Young Tool Company, Wix Filters, CP Carrillo, 5D Composites, Penske Shocks #91 while current Sprint Car Bandits point leader Michael Day worked their way up from ninth to round out the top five.
NCRA/NCRA Sprint Car Bandits
81 Speedway/Park City, Kansas
May 26, 2018
16 Cars
1st Heat: 1) 9S-Kyle Clark, [1]; 2) 72E-Colby Estes, [2]; 3) 1X-Don Droud Jr, [5]; 4) 2-Michael Day, [3]; 5) 1J-Danny Jennings, [7]; 6) 98-J.D. Johnson, [4]; 7) 6-Kaden Taylor, [8]; 8) 20G-Jake Greider, [6]
2nd Heat: 1) 10C-Jeremy Campbell, [4]; 2) 26M-Fred Mattox, [2]; 3) 91-Jeff Stasa, [3]; 4) 9X-Jake Bubak, [7]; 5) 72- Ray Seeman, [1]; 6) 92JJ.R. Topper, [8]; 7) 23-Junior Jenkins, [6]; 8) 118-Scott Evans, [5]
A Feature: 1) 9X-Jake Bubak, [4]; 2) 9S-Kyle Clark, [2]; 3) 98-J.D. Johnson, [13]; 4) 91-Jeff Stasa, [7]; 5) 2-Michael Day, [9]; 6) 26M-Fred Mattox, [6]; 7) 10C-Jeremy Campbell, [1]; 8) 20G-Jake Greider, [15]; 9) 1J-Danny Jennings, [8]; 10) 72-Ray Seeman, [11]; 11) 92JJ.R. Topper, [10]; 12) 1X-Don Droud Jr, [3]; 13) 72E-Colby Estes, [5]; 14) 23-Junior Jenkins, [14]; 15) 6-Kaden Taylor [12]; 16) 116-Scott Evans [16].
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. — Ivan Gandia-Rosa had 21 points and eight assists, Garrett Sams added 20 points, and North Florida beat Florida A&M 101-89 on Monday night.
UNF led 60-41 at halftime — behind a career-high 17 points from Noah Horchler — for its most points in a half this season. Horchler entered with two 3-pointers on the season and made three in the first half.
Horchler missed their only field goal of the second half and finished with 17 for North Florida (4-7), which won its third straight. JT Escobar added 16 points with four 3-pointers as UNF made 16 of 35 from distance.
Marcus Barham led Florida A&M (1-11) with 30 points on 12-of-19 shooting, including five 3-pointers. Desmond Williams made seven free throws and added 27 points as FAMU was 13 of 22 at the stripe.
'It's a whole new ball game': Punahou football looks for revenge against St. Louis
St. Louis football head coach Cal Lee knows what he's up against tomorrow evening when the Crusaders take on Punahou at Aloha Stadium. They know, with absolute certainty, not to expect the same Punahou team that St. Louis defeated last month.
“I look at them, and I thought they got better,” Lee said of Punahou Thursday before during practice. “And hopefully, we can meet the challenge come Saturday. You beat a team, and the next you play them, there's some motivation there. We've got to just step it up a little bit. I know we beat them last time, but it's a whole new ball game when you play them again in the second round.”
Despite blowing out Punahou last month 49-13, Lee doesn't want their team thinking Punahou will lay down and give them an easy victory.
“It's going to be a tough battle, there's no question about it,” they said. “Punahou is a really good football team, and we really respect them so much.”
With that bitter taste of defeat still lingering, Punahou head coach Kale Ane sees Saturday's game as a chance for redemption; an opportunity to come back even stronger.
“We're grateful that we have another opportunity. They took it to us pretty good the last time so we're happy that we have another chance,” Ane said.
Putting pressure on St. Louis quarterback Chevan Cordeiro will be a priority for Ane and their defense. The last thing Ane wants to see is their defense give up another 346 yard, four touchdown performance to Cordeiro through the air.
“We've worked on a lot of different strategies, a lot of ways to kind of try to contain their quarterback,” Ane said. “He does a great job of scrambling and making things happen. He's very accurate, so we're going to try to make those windows a little bit tighter and put pressure on him.”
When asked how their team plans to beat St. Louis this time around, Ane wouldn't give too much away. But they know a better effort from their players will go a long way towards a victory.
“Well, it's tough. They got a lot of really good kids, they're well coached, they put a lot of pressure on you. It's just a matter of grinding it out,” they said.
Kickoff between St. Louis vs. Punahou is set for 6 p.m. at Aloha Stadium Saturday night.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
On Jan. 16, the Department of State announced in a press briefing it would withhold over half the aid it planned to give the U.N. agency that serves Palestinians. The Department of State announced it would provide $60 million to the U.N. Relief and Welfare Agency but is withholding $65 million for now.
The Department of State said the UNRWA needed to make some unspecified changes, according to the briefing. The UNRWA “has provided social services — education, health, social welfare and other services — to Palestinians since 1947,” according to The Jerusalem Post.
The U.S. is the largest donor to the UNRWA, according to BBC.
On Jan. 2, President Donald Trump tweeted: “It's not only Pakistan that we pay billions of dollars to for nothing, but also many other countries, and others. As an example, we pay the Palestinians A HUNDRED OF MILLIONS OF DOLLARS a year and get no appreciation or respect. They don't even want to negotiate a long overdue.”
The Department of State announced it would withhold funding two weeks later.
“In light of the travel ban that happened last year, it seems almost typical that Trump would do something rash … and seemingly discriminatory,” said Ansalee Morrison, a senior studying English, when asked about the Palestinian aid cut.
Wasel Abu Youssef, executive committee member for the Palestine Liberation Organization, criticized the decision and said it was a deliberate effort to deny Palestinians' rights, according to Reuters.
Yousseff also linked this funding cut to Trump recognizing Jerusalem as the capital of Israel on Dec. 6, 2017, according to Reuters. Trump recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and announced a plan to move the U.S. Embassy there from Tel Aviv, according to The New York Times.
Since 1948, the United States, among other sovereign nations, have taken a neutral stance on the issue of Israel's capital. Trump said this change in policy was “a long overdue step to advance the peace process,” according to The New York Times.
“It would be folly to assume that repeating the exact same formula would now produce a different or better result,” Trump said during their speech in the Diplomatic Reception Room after the recognition.
On Jan. 27, Palestinians held a mock trial for Trump and Vice President Pence in the streets of the Aida refugee camp in Bethlehem, according to The Jerusalem Post. The trial involved hanging effigies of Trump and Pence in nooses and then burning them.
BBC informed that Palestinians and UNRWA employees have protested in streets of refugee camps, holdings signs that read, “Dignity is Priceless.”
International business advisers are in Cayman giving some guidance to the country's small businesses.
Representatives from the British Virgin Islands based “Competitiveness of Enterprises and Small-Medium Enterprises” (COSME) met today (Feb 14) at the Chamber of Commerce aiming to boost businesses through a variety of methods.
COSME Team Leader Micheal Seepersaud said the seminar was all about sparking creative thinking to lead innovation.
“Today we do a lot of mind-sets, thinking because creativity begins with the mind before you can innovate you have to start to think you have to be creative and then you can innovate so that's the entrepreneurial mind-set that is important,” Mr. Seepersaud said.
The training was facilitated by Mr. Leopoldo Colombo who is an innovation Consultant from Quara Consulting and Training based in Argentina. They also added the team intends on having a special course for Entrepreneurs on their next visit to Cayman.
The team will leave tomorrow (Feb 15) for another European overseas territory to continue the training. According to COSME's website Small-Medium enterprises make up 85% of jobs in Europe.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Marysol Castro will become the Mets' first female public address announcer on Thursday night and will share the job with the grandson of late legendary ABC sports broadcaster Howard Cosell, the team announced on Wednesday afternoon.
The Mets said Castro and Colin Cosell will split the public address announcing duties for the 2018 season
Castro debuts when the Mets host the Cubs in the series opener at Citi Field. Cosell will debut on Saturday night.
Castro has previously worked for WPIX-TV, News 12 The Bronx and served as the weather anchor on “Good Morning America” for seven years. They have also anchored weather at CBS' “The Early Show” and spent two years as a host and sideline reporter for ESPN.
“I appreciate the Mets for doing something they've never done in franchise history,” Castro said in a statement. “I look forward to working with the team, including my partner Colin Cosell, who has sports royalty running through their veins.”
Cosell won three Emmy Awards as a sports broadcaster with MSG Varsity, and is currently a freelance broadcaster with Verizon FiOS1 Sports.
“I'm proud, humbled and honored to be part of such a storied franchise with such an amazing, devoted fan base,” Cosell said in a statement. “Sharing this opportunity with Marysol is truly thrilling.”
Alex Anthony had been the Mets' public address announcer from 2002-17. Rob Rush, also the announcer for the NBA G League's Long Island Nets, took over on an interim basis at the start of this season.
Subscribe to Newsday's sports newsletter Receive stories, photos and videos about your favorite New York teams plus national sports news and events. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
With AP
TORONTO — Independent electrical power services company Spark Power Corp. has acquired Bullfrog Power, a green energy provider.
Canaccord Genuity Acquisition Corp., which announced a proposed merger with Spark Power last month, announced the deal Wednesday. Financial terms of the agreement were not immediately available.
Spark Power co-CEO Andrew Clark says the combination of the companies gives Spark an integrated capability and depth of expertise to deliver affordable and sustainable power solutions.
The companies are expected continue to operate under their respective brands.
The new Mercedes-Benz CLS-Class showed off its new skin a couple weeks ago at the 2017 Los Angeles Auto Show. With a grille design borrowed from the AMG GT flanked by edgy, pointed headlights, the standard car already has a rather aggressive presence to accompany its flowing lines. There's still a proper AMG version out there, however, and it's slated to debut next month in Detroit at the 2018 North American International Auto Show.
That means the AMG model is still wearing camouflage, and though we don't expect the design to vary too much from the standard CLS, there will obviously be some differences. This spy video doesn't give us an in-depth look, but the front fascia will likely have tweaks to the lower air intakes, and the grille could sport a look closer to the AMG GT as well.
This time around, the AMG updates could be a bit restrained since Mercedes isn't keen on moving the new CLS into the same realm as the forthcoming four-door AMG GT. We do know the car will be the CLS 53, and it officially takes the place of the outgoing CLS 63. It will utilize a mild hybrid setup producing a combined 429 horsepower, sticking with the new turbocharged 3.0-liter inline six as the main source of power, mated of course to an electric motor.
That's not an insubstantial powertrain for sure – it provides a hefty bump from the 362 horsepower in the standard CLS, though it falls far short of the 550 ponies available in the current CLS 63. That's where the AMG GT sedan will come in, as that car is expected to use the 4.0-liter biturbo V8 with output well north of 500 horsepower. That car is also slated for a debut next month in Detroit.
Source: walkoART via YouTube
NEW DELHI: The government has not received any bids so far for its stake in state-run carrier Air India, the Civil Aviation Secretary told TV channels, a day before the formal bidding process closes.
The government will not extend the deadline for submissions of interest in Air India, RN Choubey said on Wednesday.
The deadline for receiving bids has already been extended once to May 31 from May 14.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi`s government, keen to sell the loss-making, debt-ridden airline, finalised plans in late March to divest a 76 percent stake and offload about $5.1 billion of its debt.
Reuters
AMERICUS, Ga — The Americus Police Department says officers have made the first murder related arrests of the year.
A press release says 20-year-old Benard T. Hollis and 17-year-old Shameka Waters are both in Sumter County Jail and face charges for felony murder and aggravated assault.
Police say officers responded to two stabbing victims on Dixon Drive just before 5 p.m. New Year's Day. A third stabbing victim, 27-year-old David R. Grimes, was found a block away behind Cherokee Elementary School at about 5:30 p.m.
Police say Grimes later died after being rushed to a local hospital. The earlier two stabbing victims are recovering at Phoebe Sumter Regional Hospital.
Americus Police and the GBI continue to investigate the cases.
Dianne Watts' first-choice lead didn't grow enough for outsider to win
Round five results
Cheers went up in the Wall Centre hotel as Vancouver-Quilchena MLA Andrew Wilkinson reaped enough points from second and third choices to win the B.C. Liberal leadership with 4,621 points.
Wilkinson thanked the other candidates and reminded party members of the come-from-behind election win by Christy Clark in 2013 and the landslide victory led by Gordon Campell in 2001.
“Think about fiscal responsibility, that we are the party that does not spend our children's money,” Wilkinson told a boisterous crowd. “All of us have to come together now.”
Dianne Watts finished with 4,075 points.
Round four results
Dianne Watts held onto the lead, but with 3,006 points, a fifth round is required to decide the contest.
Andrew Wilkinson jumped into second place with 2,862 points, narrowly beating out fellow Vancouver MLA Michael Lee with 2,832. That means Lee drops from the ballot and the fifth round decides the leadership.
Results coming in faster than before.. ROUND 4:
Andrew Wilkinson now in front of Michael Lee, who's officially out. Dianne Watts still in lead.
Crowd is abuzz, many shocked! #bcpoli #bclib18 pic.twitter.com/PEjgCefJH4 — Ashley Wadhwani (@ashwadhwani) February 4, 2018
Round three results
Dianne Watts' point total grew to 2,469 in the third round, still not enough to clinch the leadership.
Todd Stone drops off the ballot for round four, with a third-round total of 1,766 points.
Michael Lee remained in second with 2,264 points, with Andrew Wilkinson close behind at 2,201.
Round two results
Dianne Watts remained in the lead, but gained little with 2,169 points in round two of B.C. Liberal leadership votes.
Micheal Lee held on to second with 1,960 points, followed by Andrew Wilkinson in third with 1,631.
Todd Stone was fourth with 1,505, and Mike de Jong reached 1,436, not enough to stay in the contest.
The redistribution of de Jong's total is a key turning point as the results go to a third round.
RELATED: How the candidates differ on the issues
Round one results
Outsider Dianne Watts leads after the first round of results in the B.C. Liberal leadership, with 2,135 first-choice points.
Rookie Vancouver MLA Michael Lee was second with 1,917 votes, followed by Vancouver-Quilchena MLA Andrew Wilkinson with 1,591.
Kamloops-South Thompson MLA Todd Stone was fourth at 1,483, followed by Abbotsford West MLA Mike de Jong with 1,415.
Vancouver-False Creek MLA Sam Sullivan dropped off the ballot after collecting only 158 first-round points.
Sam Sullivan – first out in tonights #bclib18 results. He's beside me, from and centre in the crowd, closest to the podium. Looking happy, chatting with people. https://t.co/p5h8Cwad1M — Ashley Wadhwani (@ashwadhwani) February 4, 2018
RELATED: Stone campaign forfeits 1,349 memberships
Each of B.C.'s 87 constituencies has 100 points in the party voting system, to remove the advantage of heavily populated urban regions with more members. The candidate with the lowest total drops off in each round, with the winner needing 4,351 points.
Monday, August 14, 2017
LOUISIANA: Two people walking along the banks of the Red River in northwest Louisiana discovered a massive Caddo Indian canoe. The 34-foot-long, 2.5-foot-wide, dugout canoe is believed to be between 800 and 1,000 years old and was carved from a single tree trunk. It took a large team of workers using heavy machinery to finally remove the vessel, which may be the largest intact prehistoric watercraft ever found in the United States. —Jason Urbanus
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A two-year-old white and brown bulldog found by East Cambridgeshire Police and the RSPCA during a drugs raid in Ely has been rehomed.
Betty was living in a dirty outbuilding. There were also two other dogs found at the property in March last year.
Bulldogs Betty and Wilma and a terrier cross called Gabbi were taken to the RSPCA Blackberry Farm Centre in Aylesbury where they were cared for by staff and later rehomed.
Sam Chisholme, 43, from Linslade in Bedfordshire, adopted Betty in March this year after they were seized from their criminal owners under the Animal Welfare Act.
They said: “She has a much better life today, spending most of their time walking and quality time with me and their three-year-old friend Riley - my other bulldog, and my son Callum.
“Betty is fit and healthy now and she's incredibly placid. You would never know from their temperament that they have been through such an ordeal.
“She is such a beautiful little friend to have around.”
Mr Chisholme, an engineer, has always loved the bulldog breed and has had bulldogs in the family for the past 20 years.
They said: “She loves their walks and for a bulldog she's quite good. She's fit and healthy, whereas Riley will tire much quicker than her.”
Betty now loves their new home and new friends. It's a world away from where they were being kept last year - in a 6ft by 3ft outbuilding, where they were forced to eat from a bowl next to a pile of their own faeces.
Pictures of Betty looking dejected following their neglect were shared hundreds of times on East Cambridgeshire Police's Facebook page by concerned dog lovers.
Speaking at the time, a police spokesperson said: "Perhaps the saddest part of the search of premises today - the rescue of a bulldog female which was made to live in an outbuilding eating from a bowl next to their own faeces.
"The RSPCA were called in and the animals were removed and taken to safe accommodation, where they will be given a thorough medical inspection, and be fed and cared for appropriately.
"RSPCA Inspector Alex Coghlan has informed us one of the bulldogs has been inspected by the vet and graded as being in a state of suffering. The other two dogs are graded as 'likely to suffer'. All three dogs have been seized under The Animal Welfare Act."
The dogs have been taken to a facility in Peterborough and they will be well cared for now".
RSPCA Inspector Alex Coghlan, who rescued the dogs from the property in Cambridgeshire, said: “It's lovely to see that these dogs have found a new loving home, especially Betty who was in such a sad state when we found them It's so rewarding to see them get the happy ending they deserve.”
To help the RSPCA continue rescuing, rehabilitating and rehoming animals in desperate need of care please visit: www.rspca.org.uk/give or text LOVE to 87023 to give £3 (Text costs £3 + one standard network rate message).
BARTON COUNTY-A Kansas man convicted in March of child rape was sentenced on May 26, according to a report released Tuesday from Barton County Attorney Amy Mellor.
The court ordered Todd Lane Leech, 31, to spend just over 14-years in prison. They were also ordered to lifetime registration as a sexual offender, and is subject to lifetime post-release supervision.
Due to the nature of the crime, the fact that the victim was a juvenile, and to protect the privacy of the victim and the victim's family, the court did release additional information.
Leech was also advised that they could not possess firearms as a result of their conviction.
When White House counselor Kellyanne Conway said on Monday afternoon that National Security Adviser Michael Flynn had President Trump's "full confidence" — hours before Flynn stepped down — they were apparently "out of the loop," The Wall Street Journal reported Tuesday night. The newspaper's look at Flynn as canary in the Trump coal mine, by reporters Michael C. Bender and Rebecca Ballhaus, begins like this:
Dining at their oceanside resort in Florida on Friday, President Donald Trump was surprised to learn that National Security Adviser Mike Flynn was sitting at a nearby table, a person familiar with the event said. "What is they doing here?" the president said, describing the man who was once at the center of their political orbit as "very controversial." [The Wall Street Journal]
Flynn, despite their loyalty to Trump and simpatico worldview, was always viewed warily by some White House officials, The Journal reports, giving as an example a red-eye flight senior advisers Stephen Bannon and Jared Kushner took to Washington before Trump's inauguration to reassure future Cabinet members about Flynn. "We tried to help them succeed," a senior administration official told the newspaper. "It was absolute dysfunction." And Flynn isn't likely to be the last casualty of Trump's chaotic, power-jockeying White House, WSJ suggests. The conservative-media circle of the Trump orbit is apparently gunning for Chief of Staff Reince Priebus.
"Reince Priebus walked Mike Flynn to the gallows," political operative Roger Stone said Tuesday, calling their departure a "Pearl Harbor moment" for Trump supporters. "Trump loyalists are fed up with Reince Priebus and Sean Spicer whose loyalties are to the Republican National Committee, and not to the president." Priebus is also reportedly in a power struggle over ambassador nominations with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, while Conway is facing ethics inquiries and Press Secretary Sean Spicer is being ridiculed on Saturday Night Live. You can read more at The Wall Street Journal. Peter Weber
CONWAY, S.C. -- A South Carolina family got a big surprise over Memorial Day weekend.
Airman Tywan Lawson hadn't been home to Conway, about 30 minutes northwest of Myrtle Beach, in nearly five years. They worked with police to arrange a surprise reunion, and the department aired it live on Facebook last Saturday.
You can tell the military man was pretty nervous in the video shot by Tyres Knox Nesmith. But all the jitters were worth it; the entire family went nuts when they saw him.
Welcome home, Airman Lawson, and thank you for your service!
© 2018 WCNC
Manypeaks will play in their second grand final in three seasons after captain Craig Sinclair produced a devastating spell of spin bowling to send their club into the Albany Cricket Association A-grade season decider.
With their unique combination of orthodox and wrist spin, Sinclair rolled through Mt Barker, snaring 6-12 as the Bulls were skittled for just 85 in 39 overs.
Playing in their first preliminary final, the Bulls won the toss and elected to bat on Turf North, but swing bowler Myles O'Meehan made the early inroads, removing Jason Jones (0) and Alex Fergie (2) cheaply.
Much reliance was placed on Bulls' leading run-scorers Nathan Crosby and captain Jeremy Wood to post a defendable total, but left-armer Warwick Durack snared the prize wicket of Wood leg-before for 5 as the Bulls slumped to 3-28.
Sinclair's introduction had an almost immediate effect, removing Luke Hammond (1) before claiming Tim Fitzgerald and the defiant Crosby for 23 in the space of 12 balls.
Sinclair then proved too clever for Aidan Williss, Dean Couper and Matt Adams as they snared six consecutive wickets before Jacob Wintle was run out for the final wicket.
In reply, Peaks appeared to be cruising at 0-42, but Scott (5-23) snared three wickets in five balls to send shudders through the Peaks camp.
Bowling with the aid of the breeze over their left shoulder, Scott found late swing to hoop the ball through the defence of Broomhall and trapped Sinclair the next ball.
When youngster Seb Stanton and all-rounder O'Meehan also went cheaply, Peaks had lost 5-9.
With the contest on the line with Peaks at 5-51, opener Ryan Kinnear remained steadfast and teamed with veteran Wade Anning (19 not out) in a crucial 34-run stand.
Kinnear was eventually removed for a fighting 23 with the scores tied to become Scott's fifth victim, but their innings ensured their side's lower order would not be exposed in the tense final.
Peaks coach Langley Angel was pleased with the efforts of Sinclair and the miserly Durack (1-7) who once again asked consistent questions around the wicket to set up the win.
But Peaks will sweat on the fitness of Durack, who left the ground with a quad strain after bowling six overs. “Mt Barker are a dangerous side so it was very pleasing to get them out before 100,” they said.
“It was great Ryan and Wade could steady the ship for us and the situation probably suited Ryan's type of play.”
The Bulls produced a promising first season in the A-grade competition, finishing with seven one-day wins in the regular season and their first finals win in the elimination semifinal over Collingwood Park on Saturday.
CONFEDERATE MONUMENT PROTEST-THE LATEST
The Latest: Victim's friend calls their death an act of terror
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) — A close friend of the woman who was killed when a car plowed into peaceful protesters in Charlottesville says they cared about people and stood up for equality.
Marissa Blair said Sunday night at a vigil where the crash happened that Heather Heyer's death was “an act of terror.” They say it's a hate crime and should be treated as such.
Blair says they were with Heyer when the crash happened. They say the driver “barreled down,” and they could hear the wheels as they accelerated. They say the driver “deserves everything they get and more.”
Twenty-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. is charged with second-degree murder and other counts in the car crash. They could also face federal charges, depending on the outcome of an FBI investigation.
____
BC-NEW ARCTIC
Arctic voyage finds global warming impact on ice, animals
VICTORIA STRAIT, Nunavut (AP) — Global warming is opening up the fabled Northwest Passage, a route through Arctic waters that's closed to ships for most of the year.
The Associated Press traveled through the passage on a Finnish icebreaker that achieved the earliest recorded transit from the Pacific to the Atlantic oceans last month.
Together with Arctic researchers, the AP team documented the impact climate change is having on the environment, communities and animals that live in this remote corner of the world.
The changes are indicative of the effects of rising temperatures on the Arctic as a whole. Scientists predict that a warming Arctic will affect lower latitudes, because of the role it plays for global weather.
An account of their 10,000 kilometer (6,200-mile) journey from Vancouver to Nuuk, Greenland, is published Monday.
SYRIAN REFUGEES-CHASING DROPOUTS
Third of Syrian refugee kids not in school, despite pledges
MANSHIYEH, Jordan (AP) — More than half a million Syrian refugee children of school age — or one-third of the total — are not enrolled in school or informal education in the host countries of Jordan, Lebanon, Turkey, Egypt and Iraq.
They should all have been enrolled by now, under a “no lost generation” pledge made 18 months ago by donor countries and international organizations at a Syria aid conference in London.
At the time, donors promised hundreds of millions of dollars to meet the education target, as part of a shift from emergency aid to longer-term development to cope with the fallout from Syria's civil war, now in its seventh year.
However, Syria aid has been plagued by persistent funding shortfalls, as donors face competing global crises.
BURKINA FASO-ATTACK
Government: 17 dead in attack on restaurant in Burkina Faso
OUAGADOUGOU, Burkina Faso (AP) — Authorities in Burkina Faso say the death toll from an attack by suspected jihadists in the capital has risen to 17.
The figure was released early Monday by Burkina Faso's communications minister Remi Dandjinou.
Witnesses say that gunmen launched the assault on the Aziz Istanbul restaurant in Ouagadougou late Sunday, with shots heard around 9 p.m.
Several hours later a heavy exchange of gunfire could still be heard, according to an Associated Press reporter at the scene.
Sunday's attack comes less than two years after Islamic extremists killed 30 people at a downtown restaurant that is popular with foreigners.
FILM-SUMMER BOX OFFICE
In a weak summer at the box office, bright spots abound
NEW YORK (AP) — Movie ticket sales in North America are running 12.4 percent — or roughly $500 million — behind last summer box office, making this one of lowest-grossing summers in years.
The downturn comes at a critical juncture for Hollywood, with constantly swirling fears about the impact of streaming and television. AMC, the largest theater chain in the United States, saw its stock price tank recently partly because of slow sales.
Yet much of the story at the multiplex this summer has been positive. Most of the movies that won strong reviews also performed well at the box office — films like “Wonder Woman,” ”Spider-Man: Homecoming” and “Girls Trip.”
All but three of the No.1 films this summer were certified fresh on Rotten Tomatoes, including this past weekend's top film, “Annabelle: Creation.”
TEEN CHOICE AWARDS-THE LATEST
The Latest: Teen Choice Awards winners touch on politics
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The Teen Choice Awards, always a bubble of teenage celebration, took time out during Sunday night's ceremony to consider the world its young audience will inherit.
With the two-hour broadcast coming a day after the violence at a rally of white nationalists in Charlottesville, Virginia, some winners pleaded for teen viewers to do better than their elders.
Zendaya won the award for best summer movie actor and asked young people to be educated and pay attention.
They added that the youth of today will be the presidents and senators of the future.
The music performance-stuffed show broadcast live on Fox from Los Angeles.
NORTH KOREA-GUAM-TOURISM
North Korean tensions aren't deterring tourists from Guam
HAGATNA, Guam (AP) — The U.S. territory of Guam has been the subject of angry threats exchanged by North Korea and the United States during the past week, but that's not keeping tourists away from the tropical island.
Won Hyung-jin of the South Korean travel agency Modetour says several customers called with concerns, but they weren't worried enough to pay cancellation fees for their trips.
Won says travelers have become insensitive to tensions with North Korea.
Guam has a population of 160,000 but attracted 1.5 million visitors last year. One third of Guam's jobs are in the tourism industry.
President Donald Trump last week warned Pyongyang of “fire and fury like the world has never seen.” The North's military announced plans to send four intermediate-range missiles over Japan and into waters near Guam.
BC-PENCE-THE LATEST
The Latest: In Colombia, Pence strikes balance on Venezuela
CARTAGENA, Colombia (AP) — Vice President Mike Pence is responding to the violence during a march by white supremacists in Charlottesville, Virginia, saying “these dangerous fringe groups” have no place in American public life.
Pence was asked about the violent clashes this weekend in the Virginia college town as they spoke Sunday during a news conference in Cartagena, Colombia.
Both Republicans and Democrats have criticized President Donald Trump's initial remarks about the violence in Charlottesville. Trump did not single out any group but blamed “many sides” for the violence.
On Sunday, Pence said, “We have no tolerance for hate and violence, white supremacists or neo-Nazis or the KKK.”
Following their remarks about such fringe groups, Pence added, “We condemn them in the strongest possible terms.”
BC-NORTH-KOREA-NUCLEAR-THE LATEST
The Latest: US seeks ‘effective' ties with China's military
WASHINGTON (AP) — The chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff says he's aiming to further develop a working relationship with their counterpart in China in order to lessen the risk of miscalculation on the Korean Peninsula as tensions rise between the U.S. and North Korea.
Marine Corps Gen. Joseph Dunford is traveling in Asia and is expected to meet with leaders in China, South Korea and Japan.
Dunford says they want to underscore the United States' “ironclad commitment” to its alliance with Seoul and Tokyo.
But they say “effective military-to-military” ties with China also are important. Beijing is North Korea's biggest economic partner and source of aid.
Dunford says he'll continue building the relationship they have with Gen. Fang Fenghui (FAHNG FENG-wuee), the head of the People's Liberation Army's joint staff department.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
It has taken two years of planning and the attention to detail extends from the visual all the way to people's sense of smell.
The Plymouth Company exhibit at New Zealand museum Puke Ariki brings to life the voyages of the first organised Pakeha settlers to New Plymouth. That includes the sights, sounds and smells — like vomit, dirty linen, rope and tar. For the record, puke in Maori means hill.
The exhibition captures what it was like to make the long sea journey from England to New Zealand/Aotearoa — “the first brave souls who set off in 1840 faced storms, sickness and death”.
“We're trying to tell the story of what that voyage was like for the 1000 or so settlers who came over from Devon and Cornwall to a new life in Taranaki,” Puke Ariki manager Kelvin Day says.
The interactive display's odours have been sourced from AromaPrime, a company in the UK that specialises in scent experiences. AromaPrime has also created scents for other museums and attractions such as a burning witch, cannibal's cave, dinosaur, dungeon and wartime underground.
A videographer filmed rats that will be projected on to the exhibit's floor to explain the rat plague.
MARTIN, Tenn. (AP) — Fatodd Lewis poured in a career-high 34 points, grabbed 16 rebounds and had 12 assists for their first triple-double and UT Martin defeated Cincinnati Clermont 127-92 on Sunday in a game where 3-pointers were flying.
The Skyhawks (3-7) launched 35 3-pointers, making 15 while Cincinnati Clermont put up 51 treys and made 21. Lewis was one of four Tennessee Martin players to reach career-high points. Parrish Hewitt scored 29 points and knocked down five 3-pointers, Lorenzen Wright Jr., scored 12 on four 3-pointers and Jailen Gill added 10 points and 10 rebounds.
Lewis set career highs in points, boards and assists, posting the fourth triple-double in UT Martin history. The 127 points was shy of the single-game scoring record by two points but is the highest score since the Skyhawks joined Division I in 1992.
The Cougars (6-5), who compete in the USCAA, were led by Chase Coomer's 22 points with six 3-pointers, Tommy Bingamon added 18 with four treys and Jamie Carson only shot from 3-point range, making five and scoring 15 points.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Cardiff: Pakistan captain Sarfraz Ahmed insisted they always believed their side could turn their fortunes around after they reached the Champions Trophy final with a dominant eight-wicket win over England in Cardiff.
Pace bowler Hasan Ali took three wickets as Pakistan dismissed England, the only unbeaten team left in the tournament, for a mere 211.
In marked contrast to their nail-biting chase in a three-wicket, virtual quarter-final, win over Sri Lanka in Cardiff on Monday, Pakistan then cruised to a total of 215 for two with a mammoth 77 balls to spare.
Azhar Ali (76) and Fakhar Zaman (57) dismissed England`s attack to all parts of Sophia Gardens in an opening stand of 118.
What made Wednesday`s win all the more impressive was that it came just 10 days after Pakistan launched their Champions Trophy campaign with a woeful 124-run hammering by arch-rivals India.
But just three days later Pakistan, the lowest-ranked side in a tournament featuring the world`s top eight one-day international teams bounced back to defeat number one South Africa.
Now Pakistan could have a chance for revenge against India in Sunday`s final at the Oval if the title-holders beat Bangladesh in Thursday`s second semi-final at Edgbaston.
"It is a cause of great pride and happiness for myself and for the entire Pakistan nation," said Sarfraz after the semi-final triumph.
"It was a team no one gave a chance, neither here nor back home," added the 30-year-old wicket-keeper, whose 61 not out was key to the victory over Sri Lanka.
"No one thought we`d reach the final."
Pakistan coach Mickey Arthur said before the semi-final that if their side played their "best game" they could "put pressure" on England.
And they did so in style, despite being without injured left-arm quick Mohammad Amir because of a back spasm.
"Today was a perfect performance from all departments," said Azhar.
"The bowlers did extremely well and got us in a very good position.
"Getting England out for 211 is never easy because they have a wonderful balance to their side and we knew if we didn`t take wickets they would score heavily," they added.
"Credit goes to Sarfraz and the way they led the team, we kept taking wickets and kept the run-rate in check. It was a wonderful performance."
Meanwhile Sarfraz said the way Arthur and the South African`s backroom staff had boosted morale after the India defeat had been central to their recovery.
"After the first loss, we are very down, but credit goes to the team management," said Sarfraz. "They motivated us very well."Asked how self-belief had been restored following a defeat by India greeted with widespread condemnation back home, Sarfraz explained: "After the India match, we just motivated the guys.
"We said don`t worry about the India match. This is gone.
"We have two (more group) matches. If we play good cricket, definitely we will win this tournament. Now we are in the final."
Sarfraz already knows what it`s like to win a trophy at India`s expense, having been the skipper of the Pakistan side that defeated their fellow Asian giants in the 2006 Under-19 World Cup final in Colombo
"Yes, I will have that India Under-19 game in mind," they said.
"It was my first big event as captain. We hope whoever comes through we manage to beat."
Pakistan, as they had when defeating England in an ODI at Cardiff last year, received plenty of crowd support.
It is something they appreciate more than most after a 2009 terror attack on Sri Lanka`s team bus in Lahore turned Pakistan into a `no-go area` for the world`s top teams, with the United Arab Emirates now their adopted `home`.
"Last time we played here although we were 4-0 down (in a five-match series), still the Pakistani supporters came to support us and it was like we were playing at home," recalled Azhar.
"It was good to have that feeling, we don`t play at home, so whenever we get a crowd supporting us we love it.
"Thanks to the crowd for coming and they`ve been brilliant," they added.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
The Huffington Post removed an article arguing for banning white men from voting after they discovered that the author of the piece didn't actually exist.
In the original article, which was titled “Could It Be Time To Deny White Men The Franchise?” supposed MA Philosophy Student Shelley Garland argued for the removal of voting rights and the redistribution of wealth from white men, citing the election of President Trump, Brexit, and South Africa's Democratic Alliance as reasons to act.
“Some of the biggest blows to the progressive cause in the past year have often been due to the votes of white men,” wrote “Garland” in the article. “If white men were not allowed to vote, it is unlikely that the United Kingdom would be leaving the European Union, it is unlikely that Donald Trump would now be the President of the United States, and it is unlikely that the Democratic Alliance would now be governing four of South Africa's biggest cities.”
“If white men no longer had the vote, the progressive cause would be strengthened,” they continued, adding, “At the same time, a denial of the franchise to white men, could see a redistribution of global assets to their rightful owners.”
“This redistribution of the world's wealth is long overdue, and it is not just South Africa where white males own a disproportionate amount of wealth,” Garland proclaimed.
Following the publication of the article and a large amount of backlash, The Huffington Post's South African Editor-In-Chief, Verashni Pillay, defended the writer in an article of their own.
After complaining about the criticism The Huffington Post had received following the publication of the original article, Pillay claimed that “Garland's underlying analysis about the uneven distribution of wealth and power in the world is pretty standard for feminist theory.”
“It has been espoused in many different ways by feminist writers and theorists for decades now. In that sense, there was nothing in the article that should have shocked or surprised anybody,” they continued, adding, “Dismantling the patriarchal systems that have brought us to where we are today, a world where power is wielded to dangerous and destructive ends by men, and in particular white men, necessarily means a loss of power to those who hold it.”
Despite Pillay's defense of the article, it was removed the same day following the discovery that “Shelley Garland,” the alleged author of the original piece, didn't actually exist.
In a final article by Pillay titled “White Men And The Vote: Why We Took The Blog Down,” the HuffPo editor admitted that “Shelley Garland, who claimed to be an MA student at UCT, cannot be traced and appears not to exist.”
“We have immediately bolstered and strengthened our blogging procedures that, until now, have operated on the basis of open communication and good faith,” declared Pillay. “From now on, bloggers will have to verify themselves. We will hold discussions on putting in place even better quality controls.”
“In addition, we note the commentary on the content of the blog post and will submit it to the South African Press Ombudsman Joe Thloloe for their analysis of the opinion we carried,” they continued. “Huffington Post SA stands aligned to the Constitutional values of South Africa, particularly the Preamble of our Constitution which states that: ‘We the people of South Africa believe that South Africa belongs to all who live in it, united in our diversity.' We further understand that universal enfranchisement followed a long struggle and we fully support this.”
“In addition, Huffington Post South Africa is a signatory to and supporter of the South Africa Press Code. We support free expression as limited by the following value as set out in that code,” Pillay concluded. “We apologise for the oversight.”
Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow them on Twitter @MrNashington or like their page at Facebook.
“As The Verge's resident headphones obsessive, I'm not supposed to like the AirPods. My initial reaction upon first seeing them many months ago was to pour scorn on Apple's designers for crafting a pair of expensive and easy-to-lose cigarette butts. The AirPods were the resurrection of the awful Bluetooth headsets of years past, I thought,” Vlad Savov writes for The Verge. “But this year, I finally got around to testing a pair of the AirPods for myself, and I finally understand why everyone who owns them loves them.”
“Taking the AirPods seriously hasn't been easy for me. I spend my days attached to large and pricey headphones like the exceptional Audeze MX4 because my priorities are heavily skewed in favor of maximizing sound quality over convenience,” Savov writes. “Convenience for audiophiles is a pair of cans that don't require a toaster-sized amplifier. So when I first cast eyes on the AirPods, all glossy, frail, and vanishingly small, I had no faith that they'd sound good enough to justify their $159 price. Hearing they were just like the EarPods didn't fill me with confidence either.”
“But here's the thing: using the AirPods isn't merely a ‘wireless EarPods' experience. Or rather, there are surprising aspects to making the EarPods wireless that I didn't appreciate until I used the AirPods,” Savov writes. “My impression of the EarPods has always been colored by how loosely they sat in my ears. The merest tug or tension on their wire would unseat them. Well, without a wire, that entire issue is obviated, and moreover, the stem of the AirPods sits flush with the side of my face and helps to anchor them in place. I have run with the AirPods, I've done push-ups, lifted weights, and moved around vigorously without either one coming close to falling out.”
‘I find their sound is also more dynamic and emotive than anything I've heard from the EarPods,” Savov writes. “In the category of truly wireless earbuds, the AirPods are the best I've yet heard.”
Read more in the full article here.
[Thanks to MacDailyNews Reader “ob1spyker” for the heads-up.]
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Montreal health officials are blaming the heavy heat and humidity for at least six deaths in recent days.
Dr. Mylene Drouin told a news conference today the deaths have been investigated and are linked directly to the heat wave.
Drouin says the victims fit the profile of people authorities describe as at risk: those with chronic illness or mental-health problems, people who live alone and people without air conditioning at home.
They say there has also been a rise in the number of calls to ambulance services in recent days and that the city wants to avoid what happened in 2010, when intense heat claimed 106 lives.
In the Eastern Townships region southeast of Montreal, four deaths are under investigation to determine if they are related to the extreme heat. Authorities were expected to provide more details on Wednesday morning.
The oppressive weather has enveloped much of Central and Eastern Canada since the Canada Day long weekend.
Environment Canada says humidex readings were to be in the 40 Celsius range today from southwestern and northeastern Ontario through southern Quebec and into the Atlantic region.
The weather agency says a "very warm and humid air mass" has settled over the Maritimes and above normal temperatures and humid conditions will stick around into Thursday. Maritime temperatures are expected to return to seasonal normals for the weekend.
A hot and humid air mass is also entrenched over southern Quebec, with Tuesday's highs expected to be in the low 30s with a humidex reading between 35 and 40 C, also through Thursday.
Southern Quebec was rocked by violent storms on Monday, leaving thousands of homes and businesses without electricity, or air conditioning. Most of the outages were in the Outaouais region of western Quebec in addition to areas north and northeast of Montreal.
AMMAN — The General Secretariat of The Higher Council for Science and Technology on Monday announced the winning projects of "El Hassan Bin Talal Award for Scientific Excellence" allocated this year to institutions of higher education.
The first award (7000 JD) was granted to the Jordan University of Science and Technology (PSUT) for its project titled "Initiating and Developing a Referral Diagnostic Laboratory for Transboundary Animal Diseases, and Abortive and Neonatal Diseases", the Jordan News Agency, Petra, reported.
The second prize (5000 JD) was shared between Petra University for its project dubbed "Development of oral insulin delivery system”, and the University of Jordan for its project "Cell Therapy Centre".
The third award (3000 JD) was shared between the Hashemite University for its project "The University Academic Nursery" and the Al Hussein Bin Talal University for "The role of Petra College for tourism and archaeology in uncovering and introducing the cultural heritage of Jordan".
Some 25 applications took part in the competition, from 14 higher education institutions.
The winners will be honoured at the award ceremony, to be held at the Royal Cultural Centre on April 5 under the patronage of HRH Prince El Hassan, president of the Higher Council for Science and Technology.
Imagine if your ability to keep your home depended on the outcome of a random lottery. Unfortunately, this may become a reality for my husband, Bill, and me, because Pacific Grove decided that it could raffle off my property rights.
Home-sharing — a homeowners' ability to offer their home to guests as a short-term vacation rental — is popular in Pacific Grove, a Monterey County community where tourists come from near and far to relax and enjoy our town. My husband and I have been conducting short-term rentals since 2013 at our home called Seadance. The home is a part of my family — my parents retired there years ago. When my mother had to move into an assisted living facility, we decided to get a short-term rental license and offer the home for rent to help offset the cost of my mother's care. Bill and I worked hard and dipped into our family's savings to turn the old home into a beautiful oceanfront property. I inherited Seadance after my mother passed away.
We believed that we would have no problem recouping the restoration costs through the vacation rentals and relied on the extra income to be able to keep our home long into the future. But Pacific Grove is taking this future away from us.
It used to be that anyone in Pacific Grove could rent their homes as long as the owner got a city permit. In fact, the city told us those permits couldn't be revoked so long as we followed the rules and our guests didn't cause disturbances. But this year, the city put a new cap on the number of homes that could be offered as short-term rentals.
In May, Pacific Grove held a drawing to determine which homeowners would be able to continue renting out their homes. It was completely random — actually conducted on the kind of ping-pong ball machine usually reserved for bingo tournaments — meaning responsible homeowners could lose their permits while irresponsible ones who'd received many complaints might be allowed to keep theirs.
Bill and I were among the unlucky ones — this lottery determined that we would lose our short-term rental permit next year. We've never had a complaint related to our home's rental, but it didn't matter.
In fact, we didn't just lose our permit: We may lose our livelihood as well. Without the income we get from short-term rentals, we may not be able to afford to keep the home that's been in my family for decades, the one we carefully restored. A lawsuit filed against the city of Pacific Grove may restore our right to rent out our home, but we still worry about what the future holds for Seadance.
We know we're not alone — there are others like us here in Pacific Grove, and in communities around the country where cities are passing laws to take away rights from people like me. But it's different when it happens to you, when government passes a law that takes away your right, that impacts your family, that harms your community.
Seadance is where I grew up, and I love it dearly. Visitors who have rented it love it, too. Bill and I just want to keep sharing our home with guests who visit Pacific Grove. We shouldn't have to wonder about our home's future because the city decided it could give away our property rights.
Sue Hobbs is a retired social worker and a longtime resident of Monterey County. They and their husband Bill own Seadance, an oceanfront home they offer as a short-term rental. With the help of the Goldwater Institute, they have filed a civil rights complaint against the city and City Council of Pacific Grove.
Market Definition:
Spain Fermentation ingredients market is projected to reach USD 1,530 million by the year 2023 with growth rate of 3.46%. Spain is the third major country for production of fermentation ingredients for chemical and pharmaceuticals application which is supporting the growth of the market in Spain. Madrid will witness higher growth rate during the forecast period. Key players in the Spain fermentation ingredients market are looking forward to increasing their investment in product innovation in order to expand their operations to newer markets. These companies are also focusing on research and development activities to gain competitive edge in the market. Key players from developed countries are focusing on their expansion in Spain due to availability of resources and huge opportunities to expand their business in Spain and other European region.
Get a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2984
Market Forecast:
Major polymer fermentation ingredients produced in Spain includes Xanthan and PHP. In terms of antibiotic ingredients market, Andalusia and Catalonia together holds around 50% of market in the year 2017. Antibiotics fermentation ingredient market in Madrid is growing at higher rate compare to other regions as major polymer producer are located in Madrid. Liquid form of fermentation ingredients holds more than 55% market share in the year 2017 as in Spain majority of fermentation ingredients such as alcohol and organic acid are produced in liquid form. Dry form is projected to grow at higher rate during the forecast period. Increasing awareness about application of fermentation ingredients in chemical and pharmaceutical products is driving the growth of fermentation ingredients market in Spain.
Key Players:
The leading market players in the Spain Fermentation Ingredients market primarily are Archer-Daniels-Midland Co., The Dow Chemical Co, Cargill, and Incorporated, E.I. du Pont de Nemours & Co., Evonik Industries AG, Novozymes A/S and Uquifa
Market Segmentation:
Spain Fermentation Ingredients market is segmented by type which includes Alcohol. Amino acid, Antibiotics, Polymer, Vitamins, Enzymes, Organic acid and others
Spain Fermentation Ingredients market is segmented by form which includes dry, liquid and others
Spain Fermentation Ingredients market is segmented by application which includes Chemical, Food & beverages, Pharmaceutical, Animal Feed and Others
Spain Fermentation Ingredients market is segmented by feedstock which includes Sugar beet, Wheat, Corn and Other
Regional Analysis:
Andalusia and Catalonia together holds more than 50% of market share in 2017. Madrid will witness higher growth rate during the forecast period due to availability of resources and major fermentation ingredients companies are located in Madrid and Andalusia. Madrid and Valencian Community together holds more than 35% of market share in year 2017. Fermentation ingredients market in Valencian Community is growing at moderate rate of during the forecast period which will influence the growth of other regions (province) from Spain.
Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/spain-fermentation-ingredients-market-2984
Federal Insights: Learn the latest best practices and technologies to protect your organization from email-derived fraud.
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - Rapper Meek Mill walked out of prison Tuesday after Pennsylvania's highest court ordered them freed while they appeal decade-old gun and drug convictions.
Following a five-month campaign by their supporters to get them out, the state Supreme Court directed a Philadelphia judge who had jailed them to immediately issue an order releasing them on unsecured bail.
Mill was sentenced in November to 2-4 years in prison for probation violations.
Television coverage showed them being taken from the prison by helicopter. Earlier, scores of people gathered outside the prison near Philadelphia in hopes of seeing them walk free.
A team of lawyers and public relations consultants had waged an all-out battle to get them freed, leveling fierce criticism at the judge as a stream of high-powered figures and celebrities visited them in jail outside Philadelphia, including actor Kevin Hart just hours before the Supreme Court ruling.
Mill issued a statement saying the past months had been "a nightmare," and thanked their many supporters and visitors, who included Philadelphia Mayor Jim Kenney and New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft.
"Although I'm blessed to have the resources to fight this unjust situation, I understand that many people of color across the country don't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues," Mill said.
They said they would now focus their attention on getting their convictions overturned, and that they look forward to resuming their music career.
Earlier this month, in a major victory for Mill, prosecutors said they agreed with their lawyers that they should get a new trial because of questions raised about the arresting officer. The now-retired officer was among a list of police officers the prosecutor's office has sought to keep off the witness stand in cases across the city because of credibility questions.
A spokesperson for District Attorney Larry Krasner said late Tuesday that the Supreme Court's decision on Meek Mill's release was consistent with the position taken by their office.
Mill's attorney, Joe Tacopina, thanked the high court.
"Meek was unjustly convicted and should not have spent a single day in jail," Tacopina said.
In an opinion earlier this month, Judge Genece Brinkley, who sent Mill to prison for the probation violations, strongly defended themselves against accusations by the defense they were waging a vendetta against the rapper. They said the court "has impartially and without prejudice presided over numerous proceedings in this matter since 2008."
The Supreme Court denied a defense request to move the case to another judge, but said the presiding judge could opt to remove herself.
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — South Korea added several North Korean groups and individuals to its sanctions list Monday in a largely symbolic move that is part of efforts to cut off funding for the North's weapons programs.
The government said those added were 20 North Korean groups, including several banks and companies, and 12 individuals.
Seoul is among the first to respond to North Korea's Nov. 29 missile launch with fresh sanctions. While the move is largely symbolic because all transactions between two Koreas have been banned for years, the government said it hopes its move will prompt the international community to do likewise.
The measure will “remind the international community of the risks of doing transactions with the groups and individuals,” Baek Tae-hyun, South Korea's Unification Ministry spokesperson, said during a media briefing.
The blacklist includes Rason International Commercial Bank and Korea Zinc Industrial Group. Individuals are North Korean officials who work for the country's banks or companies based in China, Russia, Vietnam and Namibia.
U.S. President Donald Trump's U.N. ambassador has been urging the world to cut trade and diplomatic ties with Pyongyang.
Last month, North Korea has test-fired its most powerful missile ever, an ICBM that may be able to target the eastern seaboard of the United States.
Separately on Monday, South Korea, the United States and Japan started two-day missile tracking drills in response to North Korea's missile and nuclear threats.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - A federal judge in Philadelphia heard arguments Wednesday in the NFL's request for a special investigator to look into what the league says are fraudulent claims in a $1 billion concussion settlement.
The league last month cited an independent study it said found that more than 400 claims had been recommended for denial based on evidence of fraud by attorneys, doctors and former players.
Plaintiffs' lawyers contend the league is not awarding settlement funds fast enough, and at least two of the attorneys Wednesday said the investigator is unnecessary.
The league says attempts to scam the system are responsible for delays.
The NFL has asked that the investigator be granted subpoena power and the ability to compel testimony to determine whether more punitive actions are necessary upon fraud findings.
Working with light and genetically engineered bacteria, researchers from Stanford University are able to shape the growth of bacterial communities. From polka dots to stripes to circuits, they can render intricate designs overnight. The technique, described in the Mar. 19 in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, can achieve biofilms grown at a resolution of 25 micrometers, which is about one-quarter the size of a grain of table salt.
"Most of the bacteria on Earth live in biofilm communities and biofilms are very relevant in disease in health - plaque on our teeth or catheter-based bacterial infection, for example," said Ingmar Riedel-Kruse, assistant professor of bioengineering and senior author of the paper. "Understanding how biofilms function is an important question on many levels."
The group said the technique could clarify how biofilms grow and lead to the development of novel biomaterials or synthetic microbial communities that could be implemented in small devices or systems, such as microfluidic chips or biofilm-based circuits.
Biofilm lithography
The group's technique relies on E. coli bacteria they have genetically engineered to secrete a sticky protein in response to a particular wavelength of blue light. When they shine the appropriate wavelength light in the desired pattern on a culture dish of modified bacteria, the bacteria stick to the lit areas, forming a biofilm in the shape of the pattern. The researchers call their technique biofilm lithography for its similarity to lithography used in making electronic circuits.
Other techniques for patterning bacterial communities exist, including depositing them with an inkjet printer or pre-patterning the culture surface with chemicals that bias bacterial growth in specific areas. However, biofilm lithography has the benefit of speed, simplicity, higher resolution and compatibility with a variety of surface environments including closed microfluidic devices, the researchers said.
The intricate designs made possible with biofilm lithography could help in exploring the dynamics of bacterial communities.
"Biofilms exist in a social environment with other bacteria," said Xiaofan Jin, a graduate student in bioengineering and lead author of the paper. "Interactions between these bacteria are often dictated by where they grow relative to each other and this could be a great tool for specifying exactly when and where in a bacterial community certain species can live."
While testing biofilm lithography, the researchers already happened upon a new insight. They had assumed that cells swimming in and out of illuminated regions would result in blurry patterns, but the designs turned out surprisingly sharp. These crisp images led the group to conclude that many of the bacteria must already be weakly bound to the culture surface. Rather than cruising around the dish, it appears that bacteria are continuously jumping on and off the surface.
"In the literature, there are different models of how certain bacterial species form biofilms," explained Riedel-Kruse. "We argue, at least with this species, that we provided additional evidence for that one hypothesis."
Silicon inspiration
By coincidence, the 25 micrometer resolution the researchers achieved with biofilms is similar to the first silicon photolithography, which contributed to the widespread success of silicon semiconductors. Similarly, the researchers see many versatile and impactful applications for their bacterial designs.
"We're hoping this tool can be applied toward further understanding bacterial communities, both natural and synthetic," said Jin. "We also see potential in having these communities do useful things, such as metabolic biosynthesis or distributed biocomputation. It may even be possible to create novel biomaterials such as conductive biofilm circuits."
The researchers are currently taking steps to grow multiple strains of bacteria simultaneously through biofilm lithography to make multi-species communities. In particular, they hope to understand how bacteria in a biofilm may share antibiotic resistance - a question with significant clinical implications, as biofilms are well-known for being stubborn against antibiotic treatment.
###
Riedel-Kruse is also a member of Stanford Bio-X. This research was funded by Stanford Bio-X, the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada and the American Cancer Society.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If holding out for those last rays of sunshine is getting you down (flood warnings, rain and all your August plans ruined so far) then why not just give up on summer and let your mind wander to the future?
Shall we start daydreaming about Christmas... just a little?
Those crisp evenings drawing in.
Twinkly lights in the trees.
Mulled wine.
Mulled GIN.
Lovely days off work, wearing a onesie all day long, sitting by an open fire watching Christmas movies and eating roast ham for every meal are just a handful of the brilliant things to look forward to next season.
But what's the best thing about Christmas?
The PRESENTS of course.
And shopping for them at the Christmas markets.
Strolling around a Christmas market in a knitted jumper and sipping hot chocolate has become a real tradition for many of us.
Whether you travel aboard to one of the big ones like those that happen in Vienna or Hamburg, or you stay right here in the UK, Christmas comes but once a year and so do the Christmas markets.
Not one but TWO of Cambridgeshire's biggest and best Christmas markets have announced their dates so flick forward in your diary and mark these in for some Christmas shopping once summer is over... (so, about now then?).
Presents Galore
Where? Newmarket Rowley Mile Racecourse, CB8 0TF
When? November 25, 10am-5pm and November 26, 10am-4pm
Described as "East Anglia's biggest and most glamorous gift fair", this Christmas market is now in its 31st year and is the perfect place to do ALL of your Christmas shopping.
In the luxuriously appointed grand stand of the Rowley Mile Racecourse you'll find something for everyone (however difficult they are to buy for).
The free car park is so close you can go back and forwards to the car, laden with all your presents.
And why just shop for other people?
You will find plenty of things you fancy for yourself, including the perfect outfit to see you through the festive season.
There are 130 exciting stands covering arts, books, children, clothing, jewellery, home, garden, pets and loads more.
Plus, there's food and drink on offer like pies from Lime Tree Pantry Foods, Giggly Pig Company, Olive Olive, Pinkster gin and everything you need to make a wonderful Christmas hamper (or even better, just fill your own fridge).
See a list of exhibitors here.
Plus Macmillan Cancer Support benefits from 10 per cent of everything you buy.
For more information visit presentsgalore.org
Ely Gift and Food Fair
Where? Ely Cathedral, Ely
When? November 17-18
One of Ely's biggest events of the year is their annual Christmas gift and food fair and this year promises to be an exceptional Christmas shopping experience.
There be some new trade stalls making their debut, alongside some of the most popular previous exhibitors.
Whatever you are looking for, whether it's a special gift, distinctive homeware and accessories, or seasonal produce, you'll be spoilt for choice.
Visitors can expect an interesting programme of live demonstrations throughout the two days including festive cake decorating and seasonal floral arrangements.
Musical entertainment will be provided by the Cathedral Choristers and other local performers.
On the Saturday there will be plenty of attractions for families including a traditional carousel plus some very special elves with their friendly reindeer...
A wide selection of food traders will be on site during the event and the heated Café Marquee provides the perfect spot to sit down and enjoy some delicious festive fare.
Book book book!
Due to the popularity of the Ely Cathedral Gift and Food Fair event pre-booking is essential as only a limited number of tickets will be available to purchase on the day.
Tickets are available online at tickets.elycathedral.org or from Box Office (01353) 660349 (Mon-Sat 9.30am-4pm).
Thursday preview evening - £6.50 (to include a glass of mulled wine).
Friday and Saturday shoppers - £4. Children under 16 FREE (when accompanied by an adult).
The Rama Rajya Rath Yatra, organised by the Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP), reached Tirunelveli in Tamil Nadu on Tuesday despite protests by opposition parties. DMK acting president MK Stalin, who had urged the state government to not allow the yatra inside Tamil Nadu to ensure peace, staged a walkout in the state Assembly over the issue.
#Visuals Rama Rajya Rath Yatra organised by Vishwa Hindu Parishad reached Tamil Nadu's Tirunelveli. pic.twitter.com/M2KoVoZE9a — ANI (@ANI) March 20, 2018
Following the walkout, Stalin and other DMK leaders staged a protest raising slogans against the Palaniswami government. They were later detained by the police.
On Monday, Stalin had released a statement saying the rath yatra, if allowed in Tamil Nadu, will disturb communal harmony and peace in the state. They had also said that allowing the yatra would be contempt of court as the Ram Janmabhoomi-Babri Masjid dispute case is pending before a Constitution Bench of Supreme Court. They added that the move by the VHP can also been seen as a pressure tactic.
Chennai: DMK working President MK Stalin walked out of state assembly over the issue of Ram Rajya Rath Yatra, sat on the roadside & raised slogans against state govt, later detained. pic.twitter.com/EOAJ4nb080 — ANI (@ANI) March 20, 2018
Hitting out at Chief Minister Palaniswami, Stalin had said that the AIADMK leader had given the nod to the yatra to protect their government and chief ministership.
Apart from Stalin-led DMK, four independent MLAs in the Tamil Nadu Assembly had also staged a walkout demanding ban on the yatra entering the state. There were also reports of a group announcing a protest against the Ram Rajya Rath Yatra in Tirunelveli. Following their call for protest, section 144 was enforced in the area with immediate effect, and would remain imposed till March 23.
The 39-day Ram Rajya Rath Yatra was flagged off from Ayodhya in February and is slated to end in Rameswaram on March 25. While initially Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath was expected to flag it off, but they skipped the event for poll campaign in Tripura.
The Yatra was flagged off by VHP general secretary Champat Rai amid chanting of 'Jai Sri Ram' and 'Ram lala hum aayenge, mandir wahin bananyenge' slogans.
The yatra is being carried on a special wooden carved Rath (chariot), depicting design and replica of the proposed Lord Ram temple in Ayodhya. It took four months from artisans in Maharashtra to carve the rath having 28 pillars with a cost of over Rs 25 lakhs.
Though the BJP and its leaders have deliberately kept themselves away from the Ram Rajya Rath Yatra, the RSS and its offshoots will actively participate in the yatra as well as 40 public meetings it will hold in six states to keep the Ram temple issues alive before 2019 Lok Sabha polls.
Who knew how creative we all are when the snow falls?
Our thanks to everyone who sent in their snow pictures today (Sunday) - here are a few of the pictures we got.
Photo by Jake Wainwright.
Please keep sending them into news@leamingtoncourier or editorial@kenilworthweeklynews.co.uk
Photo by Sam White.
Photo by Lisa Hewitt.
Violet's snowman in Mallory Grange (photo from Charles Pegg)
Photo by Kashia Cullen-Anderson
Photo by Jack Astell in Percy Terrace
Iuliana and Florin from Bishop's Itchington
Photo by Craig McDougall near Abbey Fields, Kenilworth
By MORGAN MANNS
STAFF WRITER
Many would agree fighting fires is no simple task.
Fostoria's small fire department battled two blazes over the weekend, something officials said was both physically and mentally draining.
“Mentally, it's based on the type of the call,” interim fire Chief Brian Herbert said. “Saturday wasn't as mentally draining as when there's an incident involving a deceased person.”
On Sunday, crews responded to a report of a fully engulfed house fire at 295 Boston Ave. where one female subject perished.
Herbert said their guys are offered counseling after incidents such as what occurred Sunday.
“PTSD is something very real in the fire service,” they said. “We make sure everything is covered and our guys have a chance to decompress after facing a situation like that.”
The woman, whose identity is being withheld pending the Seneca County coroner's report, was found in a bedroom, where the fire was determined to have originated, according to Herbert.
When dispatched, responders were made aware it was possible at least one individual was inside.
How the search is conducted is dependent upon the layout of the house — as personnel are typically able to tell where the bedrooms are — as well as the time of day — as residents are typically in the bedrooms at night and in the living spaces during the day — and reports from citizens.
“We had reports that (the victim) would be in the bedroom, which was in the back corner, so we went straight there,” Herbert said.
With four men on duty Sunday, the crew was able to complete a two-in, two-out method — a standard required by the National Fire Protection Association — with the exterior duo attacking the fire from the outside and the interior pair attacking from the inside while making their way to the back room.
The interior attackers were met with “extreme heat and smoke conditions,” which made their progression slow, according to Herbert. As they extinguished the fire to get through, the fire would build back up behind them.
“It's one of the number one rules that we always try to make sure we have a clear path to an exit,” Herbert said, noting when more personnel arrived on scene, they were able to get another crew inside to help knock down the fire and clear the path while the first crew continued the search.
“More people increase the safety greatly,” they added. “The more people you have, the safer it is for everyone — us and the citizens. And the more efficient it is for us to get all of the tasks done.”
When more of Fostoria's firefighters arrived on scene from the all-call, Herbert said they were able to divvy up the tasks.
With more people, the tasks are split up so each individual or crew has one task to complete, such as ventilation, taking out windows where appropriate to soften the structure as well as ventilation of the roof, sending a crew on the roof to open it up and allow heat and smoke to rise out of the roof and create a safer, more visible interior; hoseline, taking the hose inside and attacking the fire inside; a search team, searching for any fire victims; safety personnel, ensuring everyone is following the safety rules; and more.
“Physically, it's a strain. More is expected of our guys when we show up to something like that,” Herbert said. “And I wouldn't call ourselves a young department. It takes more of a toll on you the older you get. We get a lot of fatigue and stress.”
That fatigue and stress is heightened with a smaller department as all 15 firefighters respond to all of the fires reported within city limits.
While Saturday's fire wasn't as mentally draining, Herbert said it was just as physically straining when crews battled a blaze at 615 Maple St. at 5:05 a.m.
The department had three men on duty Saturday, which meant it was unsafe to enter the structure. Herbert said crews would complete a two-in, one-out attack only if it was reported someone was inside.
Fortunately, according to Herbert, everyone was able to evacuate the Maple Street home and it wasn't a priority to enter the home with minimal men.
The crew attacked the fire from the outside of the structure until additional men arrived on scene, at which point they were able to make entry into the home.
“The fire was pretty well advanced,” Herbert said. “Once we know everyone is out, it falls on the incident commander's shoulders whether to continue the interior firefighting.”
Because of the fire's progression and the lack of water pressure coming from the hydrants, everyone was pulled out of the Maple Street home and crews went into a defensive mode, attacking the blaze from outside in an effort to keep everyone safe.
The fiery blaze, which is believed to have originated from the back porch, destroyed the two-story home. Tiffin Fire & Rescue Division was able to assist on scene with apparatus and manpower, which lessens the stress levels for Fostoria's crews, Herbert said.
Tiffin's department was also able to man Fostoria's station during both fires, handling other calls within the city while crews battled the blazes.
“Tiffin is always our first call for mutual aid. They're a great department and we work well with them,” Herbert said. “Our mutual aid/auto aid agreement definitely does make things easier.”
Comments
comments
ALEXANDRIA, Va. (AP) — The business of the House was resuming a day after a rifle-wielding attacker opened fire on Republican lawmakers practicing for a charity baseball game, critically wounding House GOP Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana and hitting aides and Capitol police. The assailant, who had nursed grievances against President Donald Trump and the GOP, fought a gun battle with police before he, too, was shot and later died.
Colleagues said Scalise, who had been fielding balls at second base, dragged themselves away from the infield, leaving a trail of blood before they rushed to their assistance. They were listed in critical condition Wednesday night at a Washington hospital, which said they will require several more operations.
The shooter was identified as James T. Hodgkinson, a 66-year-old home inspector from Illinois who had several minor run-ins with the law in recent years and belonged to a Facebook group called “Terminate the Republican Party.”
Capitol Police officers who were in Scalise's security detail wounded the shooter, who was taken into custody. They later died of their injuries, Trump told the nation from the White House.
“Everyone on that field is a public servant,” Trump said, their tone somber, America's acrimonious politics set aside for the moment. “Their sacrifice makes democracy possible.”
After visiting Scalise Wednesday evening at MedStar Washington Hospital Center, Trump tweeted: “Rep. Steve Scalise, one of the truly great people, is in very tough shape – but they are a real fighter. Pray for Steve!”
Lawmakers noted their good fortune in having armed protectors on hand — “Thank God,” they exclaimed over and over — and said otherwise the shooter would have been able to take a huge deadly toll.
Across the Potomac River in Washington, the shocking events left the Capitol horrified and stunned, and prompted immediate reflection on the current hostility and vitriol in American politics. Lawmakers called for a new dialogue on lowering the partisan temperature, and Trump urged Americans to come together as they assumed the role of national unifier for one of the first times in their presidency.
Proceedings were canceled for the day in the House, and instead Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin and Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi of California issued their own calls for unity. “An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us,” Ryan said, to prolonged applause. On Thursday House proceedings were to resume as usual, and lawmakers were returning to the Capitol in search of some semblance of normalcy.
Shortly after the shooting, Bernie Sanders, the former candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination, said on the Senate floor that the shooter apparently was a volunteer for their campaign last year. Sanders said they denounced the violence “in the strongest possible terms.”
Scalise, 51, the No. 3 House Republican leader, was first elected in 2008. The popular and gregarious lawmaker is known for their love of baseball and handed out commemorative bats when they secured the job of House whip several years ago.
Texas Rep. Roger Williams said that one of their aides, Zack Barth, was shot but was doing well and expected to fully recover. Two Capitol Police officers sustained relatively minor injuries. A former congressional aide was hospitalized.
The shooting occurred at a popular park and baseball complex in Alexandria, Virginia, across the Potomac River from Washington, where Republican lawmakers and others were gathered for a morning practice about 7 a.m. They were in good spirits despite the heat and humidity as they prepared for the congressional baseball match that pits Republicans against Democrats. The popular annual face-off, which raises money for charity, is scheduled to go forward as planned Thursday evening at Nationals Park in Washington.
Hodgkinson has been in the area since March, living out of their van, said local FBI Special Agent In Charge Tim Slater. Democratic former Alexandria Mayor Bill Euille said they had spoken often with the man on recent mornings at the nearby YMCA.
Hodgkinson's apparent Facebook page included strong criticism of Republicans and the Trump administration. But Slater said authorities were still working to determine a motive and had “no indication” Hodgkinson knew about the ball practice ahead of time.
The GOP lawmakers' team was taking batting practice when gunshots rang out and chaos erupted.
Scalise was fielding balls at second base when they were shot, according to lawmakers present. Rep. Mo Brooks, an Alabama Republican, said their colleague “crawled into the outfield, leaving a trail of blood.”
“We started giving them the liquids, I put pressure on their wound in their hip,” Brooks said.
The gunman had a rifle and “a lot of ammo,” said Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona, who was at the practice.
Texas Rep. Joe Barton, still in their baseball uniform, told reporters that Scalise's security detail, Capitol Hill police and then Alexandria police returned fire in a battle that lasted as long as 10 minutes and included dozens of shots.
“The security detail saved a lot of lives,” they said. “It was scary.”
Lawmakers took cover in the dugout. Barton said their son, Jack, got under an SUV.
Texas Rep. Mike Conaway described what sounded like an explosion, then lawmakers scattering off the field as police roamed in search of the gunman and engaged him.
“The guy's down to a handgun, they dropped their rifle, they shoot him, I go over there, they put them in handcuffs,” Conaway said, adding that if the shooter had “gotten inside the fence, where a bunch of guys is holed up in the dugout, it would have been like shooting fish in a barrel.”
Rep. Jeff Duncan of South Carolina said they had just left the practice and encountered the apparent gunman in the parking lot before the shooting. The man calmly asked which party's lawmakers were practicing and Duncan told them they were the Republicans. The man thanked him.
The wounded Capitol Police officers were identified as David Bailey, who was treated for a minor injury, and Crystal Griner, who was shot in the ankle. Also wounded was former congressional aide Matt Mika, who now works for Tyson Foods in its Washington office. Mika's family said the lobbyist was shot multiple times and was in critical condition following surgery.
The event raised questions about the security of members of Congress. While the top lawmakers, including Scalise, have security details, others do not and they regularly appear in public without protection. The last time a lawmaker was shot was when Democratic Rep. Gabby Giffords of Arizona was hit in the head and grievously injured while meeting with constituents at a supermarket parking lot in 2011.
Following the Giffords shooting, lawmakers have held fewer open town halls and have been advised to increase security at such events.
___
Associated Press reporters Eric Tucker, Matt Barakat, Meghan Hoyer, Sarah Brumfield, Michael Biesecker, Mary Clare Jalonick, Ken Thomas, Vivian Salama, Stephen Ohlemacher, Alan Fram and Andrew Taylor in Washington and Alexandria, and Ed White in Detroit contributed to this report.
Kyle Rafferty smoked a two-out line drive and third baseman Jake Dannenberg was there to make the play. Dannenberg squeezed the drive for the final out, setting off a wild celebration.
Senior righty Jarred Vanderhoof scattered five hits, walked four and struck out six in a complete game effort as Longwood edged Ward Melville, 2-1, to take sole possession of first place on Tuesday in a pivotal Suffolk League I baseball game.
“It was a laser and hit right at me,” said Dannenberg, who also contributed two run-scoring singles. “We needed this win.”
Longwood improved to 11-2 and Ward Melville fell to 9-4. The Patriots had handed Longwood their only two losses of the season.
“Vanderhoof made big pitches all game,” said Ward Melville coach Lou Petrucci.
And when Vanderhoof wasn't making big pitches the Longwood defense was there to pick them up. The defense turned double plays in the second and fourth innings to stymie Ward Melville's offense.
“I had good command and the defense has been phenomenal,” said Vanderhoof, who is 3-0. “I'm not afraid to pitch to contact because I know the defense is there to make the plays.”
Longwood took a 1-0 lead in the second. Vanderhoof and Danny Owens drew consecutive walks before Dannenberg laced a one-out RBI single to centerfield for the lead.
Enter your email address to subscribe to High School Sports newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
“[Dannenberg] was a late decision to start today and they really came through,” said Longwood coach Ryan McSherry. “We've been winning with different lineups and a deep bench.”
Ward Melville tied the score in the bottom of the third. Logan Doran singled with two outs and stole second. Kyle Rafferty lined a single into rightfield to tie it at 1.
“Any time you play at Ward Melville the atmosphere is intense and heated,” McSherry said. “It's great baseball. We needed to stay focused and finally beat these guys.”
Longwood regained the lead in the sixth. Kyle Rausch reached on an error and moved to second on Vanderhoof's sacrifice bunt. After Ward Melville starter Max Nielsen recorded the seventh of their eight strikeouts, Dannenberg drilled Nielsen's first pitch into leftfield just out of the reach of shortstop Logan Doran. Rausch scored the game-winner well ahead of the throw home.
“It was a first-pitch fastball,” Dannenberg said. “It felt good off the bat.”
Vanderhoof ran into some trouble in the sixth but worked out of the jam. They walked Nielsen and Trevor Cronin lined a single to rightfield putting runners at first and second. Matt Mauer flied to deep right allowing Nielsen to go to third.
With the tying run on third, Cronin stole second, as pinch-hitter Drake Eggleston worked the count to 2-2. Eggleston flied to center to end the inning.
“It was a good ballgame,” Petrucci said. “Longwood is a very good team. They executed a little better than we did.”
Monday, August 14, 2017
ROME: Modern scientists have long been baffled by the remarkable durability and water-resistant nature of Roman concrete, even after it has been submerged for 2,000 years. Although the exact recipe is lost, the base ingredients of Roman concrete are volcanic ash, lime, and volcanic rock. A new study suggests that when seawater encounters the volcanic material, it causes a chemical reaction that produces a rare crystalline mineral that subsequently reinforces the structure. Therefore, while modern concrete deteriorates quickly in water, Roman concrete actually strengthens over time. —Jason Urbanus
Please fill out the information below to Subscribe to Hurleys Media LTD. This will allow you to post comments on articles, get notifications on upcoming events and MORE!
Doha: Turkey`s foreign minister held talks with Qatar`s emir Wednesday as the search for a diplomatic solution to the Gulf crisis intensified and the UN voiced fears over growing humanitarian concerns in the region.
Mevlut Cavusoglu called for dialogue to end the crisis, after meeting Qatar`s Emir Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al-Thani in Doha.
"The meeting discussed developments of the Gulf crisis and means of solving it in addition to reviewing the strategic ties between the two countries and aspects of developing them on all fronts," a statement on the Qatar News Agency said.
The reference to "all fronts" could refer to Turkey`s military base in Qatar.
Cavusoglu will on Thursday travel to Kuwait -- which is also seeking to solve the crisis -- before holding talks with Saudi King Salman in Saudi Arabia on Friday, Turkey`s state-run Anadolu news agency said.
Ankara is one of Qatar`s strongest allies and earlier this week committed to deploying troops at its base in the emirate.
"Saudi Arabia has the potential and capability to solve this crisis as a wise state and big brother of the region and also as a major actor," Turkey`s presidential spokesperson Ibrahim Kalin said.
"We aim to involve all actors in this process."
Saudi Arabia is one of several countries which have imposed a political and economic "blockade" on Qatar, in protest at Doha`s support for Islamist extremist groups as well as over its ties to Shiite Iran.
The move has been backed by nations including Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates, Egypt and others.
Qatar strongly denies the charges and claims neighbouring countries are trying to interfere with its foreign policy.
The diplomatic push continued elsewhere, with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan -- who has described the decision by Gulf states to cut political and economic ties with Qatar as "inhumane" -- expected to hold phone talks with US President Donald Trump in coming days.
Erdoğan`s spokesperson said a trilateral meeting between Ankara, Paris and Doha was also planned, in addition to efforts already launched by Kuwait`s Sheikh Sabah al-Khaled al-Sabah.
France`s President Emmanuel Macron met Moroccan King Mohammed VI in Rabat on on Wednesday to discuss the Gulf crisis along with other regional issues. Macron said they would meet a senior leader from the UAE next week. Meanwhile, the United Nations` secretary general urged the Gulf countries to find a peaceful solution to the row.
Antonio Guterres expressed their "full support for Kuwait`s efforts to de-escalate tensions and promote an effective dialogue", a spokesperson said.
The planned talks follow discussions on Tuesday between Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir and US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.
Doha also announced that its navy was to take part in a joint naval exercise with US vessels, which arrived in Qatar on Wednesday.
In Geneva, concern surrounding the humanitarian situation grew Wednesday, with the intervention of the UN human rights chief.
"I am alarmed about the possible impact on many people`s human rights in the wake of the decision by Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Egypt and Bahrain to cut diplomatic and economic ties with Qatar," said Zeid Ra`ad Al Hussein, in their first comments on the crisis.
"It is becoming clear that the measures being adopted are overly broad in scope and implementation," they added.
The decision to isolate Qatar had led to fears that thousands of families in the Gulf would be split apart.
As well as economic and political ties, the Gulf states also ordered Qataris out within 14 days as well as calling home their own citizens.
Bahrain and the UAE have also banned expressions of sympathy for Qatar.
Manama announced on Wednesday that it had detained a citizen for sympathising with Qatar on social media.
There have also been fears of food shortages in Qatar -- so far not realised -- and a disruption of imports needed for a number of capital projects in the gas-rich emirate.
Qatar is receiving food deliveries from Turkey, Iran and Morocco among others.
Amid reports of a hike in salaries of Central government employees beyond the recommendations of the 7th Pay Commission (CPC), the Narendra Modi government on March 6 said that no such proposal was under consideration.
In a written reply to a question in the Rajya Sabha, Minister of State for Finance P Radhakrishnan said that the Modi government was not considering a hike in minimum pay and fitment factor beyond the recommendations of the 7th Pay Commission.
“The minimum pay of Rs 18,000/- per month and fitment factor of 2.57 are based on the specific recommendations of the 7th Central Pay Commission in the light of the relevant factors taken into account by it. Therefore, no change therein is at present under consideration,” said MoS for Finance P Radhakrishnan in their reply to the Upper House of Parliament.
The MoS for Finance was replying to a question by Samajwadi Party lawmaker Neeraj Shekhar in which they asked, “whether Government is actively contemplating to increase minimum pay from Rs 18,000/- to Rs 21,000/- and fitment factor from 2.57 to 3, in view of resentment among Central Government employees over historically the lowest increase in pay by 7th Central Pay Commission (CPC).”
The 7th Pay Commission had recommended a hike of 14.27 percent in basic pay of Central government employees, raising minimum pay from Rs 7,000 to Rs 18,000.
However, the Central government employees demanded a raise in minimum pay from Rs 18,000 to Rs 26,000 and fitment factor 3.68 times from 2.57 times. There had been reports that the government was mulling to raise minimum pay to Rs 21,000 and fitment factor 3.00.
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — Kevin Durant had 28 points, nine rebounds, five assists and three blocked shots, leading the short-handed Golden State Warriors past the sluggish Portland Trail Blazers 111-104 on Monday night.
Klay Thompson overcame a cold shooting start to score 24 points as Golden State played without two-time MVP Stephen Curry, who is nursing a sprained right ankle and missed their third straight game. Draymond Green sat out with a sore right shoulder while starting center Zaza Pachulia was sidelined for their second game in a row because of soreness in their left shoulder.
Damian Lilliard scored a season-high 39 points with five 3-pointers playing back home in Oakland. They hit a 3-pointer late in the first half with Durant in their face and pumped their arm to celebrate.
Durant, who earned Western Conference Player of the Week honors on Monday, shot 11 for 21 and Nick Young contributed 12 points in 13 minutes off the bench before leaving with a concussion in the third quarter.
Advertisement
David West scored in double figures over consecutive games for the first time with the Warriors and their first since 2015-16 for San Antonio.
Rookie Jordan Bell scored in double figures for the second time with 11 points, while Omri Casspi and Shaun Livingston also started for the defending champions, who were coming off a 6-0 road trip. It marked the franchise's first time doing so in that long of a stretch away from home.
Now, the Warriors will get to stay home for almost the entire rest of the year except for a trip to face the Lakers on Dec. 18.
CJ McCollum scored 21 points and Zach Collins added season-bests of nine points and seven rebounds before fouling out of Portland's fifth straight loss. This marked the first meeting of the season between the West rivals after Golden State took all four games last regular season and then swept the Blazers in the first round of the playoffs.
The Warriors have won the last seven regular-season meetings and also seven in a row at home.
After missing their first four 3-point tries, Thompson hit from deep in the final 30 seconds of the first half as the Warriors led 59-47 at the break.
BARNES RETIRES
As they expected to do this winter, Matt Barnes announced their retirement on Monday.
Barnes, who received their Warriors championship ring Nov. 27 at Oracle when Golden State hosted their former Kings and hometown team, posted their news on Instagram with a selfie.
“Had a cool 15yr run!! Traveled the world met alota cool people, some will be brothers for the rest of my life!” they wrote, later adding, “Love me or HATE ME, I DID IT MY WAY!!”
TIP-INS
Trail Blazers: Lillard notched their 10th 30-point performance of the season. … The Blazers made their initial 23 free throws before a miss and wound up 23 of 25 from the line. … Portland led 28-27 after the first but gave up a 15-4 burst in the second.
Warriors: Durant passed John Stockton (19,711 points) for 44th place on NBA career scoring list. … Andre Iguodala played their 1,000th career regular-season game, becoming one of 126 players in NBA history to do so. … Second-year guard Patrick McCaw returned after missing two games with a concussion and bruised nose. Young will enter the concussion protocol. … Curry rode a stationary bike during the morning shootaround. Pachulia took some one-handed shots during warmups. … Golden State committed five first-quarter turnovers and 14 in all.
UP NEXT
Trail Blazers: At Miami on Wednesday.
Warriors: Host the Mavericks on Thursday.
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
ISLAMABAD: The Supreme Court (SC) has resumed the hearing of Panama case Wednesday (Today) after a break of two weeks.
A five-member larger bench headed by Justice Asif Saeed Khosa is hearing the case.
Earlier, the hearing was adjourned as Justice Sheikh Azmat Saeed suffered a heart problem.
Salman Akram Raja, the counsel of Hussain Nawaz and Hassan Nawaz presented their arguments.
During the proceeding, Justice Sheikh Azmat remarked that documents of agreement between Minerva Financial Service Limited and Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's son Hussain Nawaz are missing from the very first day.
They asked defence lawyer Salman Akram Raja to present the documents.
The record for the Sharif family's business dealings for the last 40 to 45 years cannot be reproduced, the counsel said, as “it was lost during the 1999 martial law.”
Salman Akram Raja assured the court to submit the record at earliest and argued that Minerva Services is looking after London flats.
They further told the court that Hussain Nawaz owns London flats since 2006 and if anyone has any other proof against it, they must present it.
The counsel also argued that the court cannot reach a just conclusion in the case without first conducting a judicial inquiry.
The matter can be sent to relevant departments for enquiry as the Arsalan Iftikhar case determined that trials for cases can be held at the corresponding forums, Salman Akram Raja told the court.
There were eight questions that the court posed for the defendants to answer, including the relationship between Mian Mohammad Sharif and the Al Sani family, the shares in Nielsen and Nescoll and the profits the family gained from them, the counsel said.
The Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaaf (PTI) announced on Tuesday that it would submit three more documents to disprove the stance adopted by Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and their family, but the ruling Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) is not convinced.
Scroll for more content...
Michael Cohen, who once famously asserted they would "take a bullet" to protect the President, has apparently reversed course -- now that the gun is locked and loaded, so to speak.
The ammunition, of course, is the looming possibility of a criminal indictment any day now by federal prosecutors in Manhattan. Cohen's recent off-camera interview with George Stephanopoulos is the strongest indication I've seen thus far in Cohen's ongoing legal saga that they will likely cooperate with federal prosecutors.
Cohen, Trump's longtime attorney and consigliere, is the subject of a federal criminal investigation led by the FBI and the US attorney for the Southern District of New York, which executed an April 9 raid for evidence on Cohen's home, office and hotel room. The criminal referral to the Southern District reportedly came from special counsel Robert Mueller, who is investigating whether the Trump campaign colluded with Russians to influence the 2016 election.
While both Mueller and the Southern District prosecutors appear leak-proof (to their credit) -- meaning the public gets information regarding their methodology or the evidence they've gathered only through court filings -- it seems fairly obvious that the inciting factor leading to the underlying Cohen investigation has to do with the alleged "hush money" payout to adult film star Stephanie Clifford (a.k.a. Stormy Daniels). They claim they had a consensual affair with Donald Trump in 2006, as detailed in their original 2011 interview with In Touch (Trump has denied this affair).
That alleged "hush money" episode, the messy details of which are currently the subject of Cohen's civil case in California, concerns the now infamously bungled nondisclosure agreement between Clifford and Essential Consultants LLC. This is the Delaware limited liability company that Cohen created and that was used in both the $130,000 payment to Clifford and also implicated in the $1.6 million payment offer to a former Playboy model who allegedly had an affair with top Republican National Committee official Elliott Broidy (he has since resigned).
Sleaze factor notwithstanding, in many cases, nondisclosure agreements are legal. The issue with this particular payment has to do with the nature and circumstances surrounding the payment. Specifically, the amount was well above the legal limit set by the Federal Election Commission for a campaign contribution, was paid just days before the election, and concerned alleged conduct that occurred years ago.
Some have rightly noted that a violation of federal election laws could result in nothing more than a fine by the Federal Election Committee. But Cohen put the "who knew what, when" issue back in the spotlight during their Stephanopoulos interview when they declined to comment -- on advice of counsel -- on whether or not Trump had directed them to pay the $130,000 to Ms. Clifford, calling into question what Trump told reporters on Air Force One in April (that Trump did not know about the $130,000 payment to Clifford made, remember, just days before the 2016 election, and that they did not know where the money came from.).
The presence of Cohen's new counsel -- who likely advised them not to comment on the issue -- is yet another indication that they are looking to cooperate with federal prosecutors in an effort to secure leniency in sentencing for any crimes with which they may be charged; Cohen is reportedly hiring Guy Petrillo, a former head of the criminal division for the United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, to represent him.
It is no secret in white collar criminal defense circles that defendants looking to "cut a deal," or get a cooperation agreement with prosecutors, often hire a former Assistant United States Attorney from the prosecuting office.
Additionally, since prosecutors have not indicted Cohen (the Southern District case pertains only to the issue of a privileged review of the documents seized in the April 9 raid on Cohen's premises), there is still time for Cohen to engage in multiple "proffer sessions"-- that is, meetings with prosecutors during which they agree not to use their statements against them in future prosecutions -- across multiple jurisdictions in the hopes of reducing the overall severity or number of charges that might potentially bring against him.
Yet some have pointed out that if Cohen were actually interested in cooperating with the feds, the proper course of conduct would have been to have their attorney contact the prosecutors on the case, rather than do an on-the-record interview with one of the most famous journalists in the world. This apparent head-scratcher has led some to wonder if Cohen's overture is therefore simply a veiled attempt to ask Trump for a pardon (which Trump seems to be fond of doing as of late).
I don't give Cohen that much credit, though. As has proven true in this entire saga, this case is being tried in the media just as much as its being tried in the courtroom, and I wouldn't be surprised if even Cohen doesn't draw a distinction at this point.
Cohen is standing on the edge of a precipice, and in my assessment he's beginning to understand the value of their decades' worth of knowledge regarding the President and the Trump Organization: that it may now hold the keys to their freedom.
Students peer review Eden Secondary School's production of Woody Allen's Don't Drink the Water.
Allen plays a show to remember
Roxana Moise
Governor Simcoe Secondary School
Dramatic police chases, a friendly priest-turned-magician and botched international spy exchanges — these may not seem like part of your average family vacation, but for the Hollanders, they're just another day in the life.
Comedy, emotion and unpredictability all came together to provide an uproarious night of entertainment at Eden High School's performance of Don't Drink the Water.
Woody Allen's first published play, Don't Drink the Water features a farcical cast of characters against the politically charged backdrop of the Cold War. In the American embassy of an unnamed country behind the Iron Curtain, the incompetent Axel Magee is given one last chance to handle business in the place of their father; however, their good intentions quickly go awry when a family of tourists on the run from the secret police burst in looking for asylum. Accused of being spies after cluelessly wandering into a top security area to snap some photos, the Hollander family causes chaos with their knack for being in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Eden's cast skilfully handled the play, showcasing their acting ability with a series of scenes that left the audience in stitches. The well-chosen comedic talent kept the characters relatable throughout the progressively more unrealistic situations they were thrown into. This allowed an arrestingly real picture of the rest of the world to be painted by the actors, expanding the story far beyond the walls of the room. Through Walter and Marion's squabbling about their lives and Father Drobney's narration, people and events that were never shown seemed as substantial as the physical scene before the audience's eyes.
Standout performances included Bailly Grigg and Jesse Klassen as Marion and Walter Hollander, an American couple with a penchant for arguing. The pair's natural comedic timing, supplemented with thick New Jersey accents, brought their characters to life through both their bickering and their more tender moments, however rare. Axel Magee's self-deprecating sense of humour, along with the well-meaning intents behind their sometimes disastrous actions, were also captured excellently by Carson Suggett's use of expression.
The scene was set entirely in the main room of the embassy, with details like the green- striped walls and the classic rotary phone on the desk transporting the drama back to the '60s. The passage of time was portrayed through subtle prop and costume changes, something that added an extra layer of realism to the lives of those stuck in the embassy. The timing of the lighting and sound effects were also commendable, from the well-executed flashing of a bomb to Axel's not-so-subtle attempts to spark a romance by lowering the lights in their office. The technical aspects as a whole were well-chosen and added polish to the piece.
The comedic prowess and chemistry of the cast, paired with the thoughtful directorial choices, had the audience laughing, cringing and gasping along with the characters.
At the end of the night, Eden's performance of Don't Drink the Water was an abundance of fun and ultimately a show to remember.
Don't Drink the Water a comedic whirlwind
Sam Langdon
Greater Fort Erie Secondary School
It's the 1960s in Europe. The Cold War rages. A family of American tourists are hiding out in an American embassy on the other side of the Iron Curtain, attempting to escape capture at the hands of the secret police.
While it may sound like the premise for a drama, or a thriller, or perhaps even a prequel to The Americans, Eden High School's production of Don't Drink the Water is anything but traditional.
The comedic play was penned by Woody Allen in 1966, and is brought to life on stage in a cosy theatre at Eden High School.
The small space was outfitted with a lovely set that perfectly captured the time period of the piece and was used well within the play to facilitate smooth character entrances and exits, and accommodate a number of chase sequences and other comedic bits of staging. As the play was written more than 50 years ago, some of the humour can feel a little bit dated, but much of it still rings true, and all is well presented in this production.
The energetic cast, under the direction of fellow student, Jenny Wubs, brings to life the play's quirky and vibrant characters. They carry the audience along through a series of increasingly more bizarre, hilarious and high-stakes situations. Standout performances were given by Jesse Klassen and Bailly Grigg for their roles as Walter and Marion Hollander, respectively. The duo were a comedic tour de force, their fantastic chemistry and back-and-forth banter put the audience in stitches whenever they took the stage.
Physical comedy was also used wonderfully throughout the production, particularly by Carson Suggett, as Axel Magee, the bumbling son of the ambassador and de facto leader of the embassy in their father's absence.
Both the cast and the crew alike are to be commended for their seamless execution of the play's numerous quick costume changes, and the immaculate co-ordination of the lighting and sound cues with the action taking place on stage. On the odd occasion something did go awry, the cast was always ready to step in, quickly and smoothly correcting any issues. Though the blackouts between scenes could feel a bit long at times, the cast's high energy and wild antics brought the audience quickly back into the story, the pause being relatively quickly forgotten.
Eden's Don't Drink the Water is a comedic whirlwind sure to keep audiences laughing from the moment of the Hollander's capture to right up to their escape.
Eden takes a hilarious trip with the Hollanders
Carolyn Holmes
Sir Winston Churchill Secondary School
We've all had our share of disastrous vacations, but if you think that yours were bad, meet the Hollanders.
They're your average American family with really bad luck and a lot of curiosity. The most important thing they learn: “Don't drink the water.”
Eden High School put on a hilarious performance of Don't Drink the Water, a political comedy and Woody Allen's first published play.
It takes place during the 1960s, in an American embassy behind the Iron Curtain, where trouble strikes after Ambassador Magee leaves their disaster-prone son Axel in charge of the embassy. Within minutes three American tourists, the Hollanders, come running in seeking refuge from the police for taking photos in a restricted zone. The story takes off from here, chock full of comedy, disaster and a bit of romance. In Don't Drink the Water, you never know what's going to come next.
This student-directed play (Jenny Wubs) was well-executed, and the cast was well-versed in its choreography and lines. The actors were in time with their cues, and well prepared to smooth over any mishaps. The dynamic duo of Marion Hollander (Bailly Grigg) and Walter Hollander (Jesse Klassen) amused the audience with their comical lines and facial expressions, while the dramatic actions of Axel Magee (Carson Suggett) and Susan Hollander (Diana Karapetyan) were pulled off without a hitch. Notable performances were put on by the chef (Rowan Hegi), as they were chased around the room carrying a hare, and Krojack (Braeden Miller), the agent charged with capturing the Hollanders.
The original music by Ethan Hanlin added another dimension to the play, and entertained viewers during costume changes. An especially memorable James Bond-esque composition fit nicely into the play.
Although all scenes took place in a single room, the set was well done and very detailed. It used all the space on the small stage well, and effectively utilized props. Additionally, the stage was well lit. The costumes were appropriate for the time period, and the hair of the actores was suited to the personality of each character. The costume changes, while occasionally lengthy, were frequent and helped to move the story along. The lighting and sound was prompt, with no time lapses.
This hilarious play, that had viewers in stitches, is well worth taking the time to see, so pack your bags, and take a trip with the Hollanders.
New Delhi: The Central Board of Secondary Education (cbse.nic.in) will conduct a re-test of Class 12 economics paper on Wednesday, nearly a month after it was leaked triggering widespread outrage and confusion among students across India.
After reports of the leak surfaced on March 28, the CBSE announced on it will re-conduct the examination on April 25. Check - cbse.nic.in.
Then, there were also reports of the CBSE's Class 10 mathematics paper being leaked, but the board decided against a re-test of the Class 10 paper, saying the examination was "largely an internal segment" of school education system.
"The candidates will appear (for the exam) from the same allotted centres using the same admit card," a board official said today.
For conducting the re-test of the economics paper, the board had said "Class 12 exams are a gateway to higher education and various professional competitive exams which have limited seats... Therefore, giving undue advantage to a handful of beneficiaries of the alleged leak of the economics paper would not be in larger interest of the students."
Earlier this month, the CBSE had said it found no impact of the Class 10 mathematics paper leak after an assessment.
The reports of leak of the CBSE papers had caused disappointment among students across the country last month.
In Delhi, students held protests, accusing the CBSE of negligence and demanded immediate action against the guilty.
Investigators made arrests in several parts of the country in connection with the case, including in Jharkhand and Himachal Pradesh.
They claimed to have arrested the main conspirators behind the leak from Una town in Himachal Pradesh. The three people were staffers at a school in the town.
The Class 12 economics paper was leaked on March 23 - three days before the scheduled date, according to Delhi Police.
The leak was exposed after an envelop containing four images of the hand-written economics paper was delivered to the CBSE Headquarters in D
Comedy star Micky Flanagan is celebrating their recent record-breaking appearances at Sheffield Arena with a return this month - and you could see them for FREE.
We have five pairs of tickets to be won to see their A fing Tour which is back on Saturday, June 24.
It is hot on the heels of their two sell-out shows at Sheffield Arena last month which played to rave reviews and over 24,000 fans - breaking the venue's capacity record for a comedy show, now standing at 12,231.
Following a phenomenal demand for tickets Flanagan is back and the show is just over a week away.
This tour follows their record breaking Back In The Game tour of 2013 which took in an incredible 129 shows - making it the biggest comedy tour in the world that year - having sold an unbelievable 500,000 tickets in the UK and Ireland alone.
BUY TICKETS: Guarantee your seats for Micky Flanagan's A fing' Tour at Sheffield Arena on Saturday, June 24 - priced £33.60 and £39.20, including booking fee. Buy in person from the box office, call 0114 256 5656 or visit www.sheffieldarena.co.uk.
WIN A PAIR OF TICKETS
For a chance to win one of five pairs of tickets to see Micky Flanagan's A fing' Tour at Sheffield Arena on Saturday, June 24, enter our free prize draw by email or Twitter.
Email your name and details to graham.walker@jpress.co.uk with #JPcompMF in the subject field.
Or follow @GW1962 on Twitter and retweet any of their #JPcompMF tweets.
Micky Flanagan
Deadline is Tuesday, June 20, 2017, 5pm. Usual Johnston Press terms and conditions apply - see www.johnstonpress.co.uk/terms-conditions
The Govs' softball team traveled to Jacksonville, Alabama on Friday, April 14, where the Lady Govs suffered two losses to the Ohio Valley Conference leaders Jacksonville State. Game 1 saw a score of 7-0, and Game 2 ended at 4-3.
The Govs fell quickly in Game 1. The Gamecocks drew three walks and had three hits to jump out 4-0.
The Govs' defense held the Gamecocks there with 4 runs, but APSU's offense could not produce any runs themselves.
In the fifth inning, the Gamecocks sealed their victory with a 3-run home run from Whitney Gillespie.
The Lady Govs came back for Game 2 and hurt themselves early with four errors in the first two innings. These mistakes allowed the Gamecocks to take a 0-2 lead.
APSU tried to rally in the sixth, and Kendall Vedder hit a home run to make the score 1-2.
The Gamecocks answered the Govs by scoring 2 more runs in the bottom of the inning.
APSU fought back with an RBI from Kacy Acree and a single from Danielle Liermann brought APSU within 1 point of Jacksonville State. However, the Govs could not tie the score, which resulted in the loss.
The Govs now stand 2-10 in the OVC, and will return to action at noon and 2 p.m. on Saturday, April 22 at Belmont University.
CTV Atlantic
A Cape Breton man says their 92-year-old mother was taken from one hospital to another in a taxi, rather than an ambulance, after they suffered a heart attack.
Joe Young says their mother started feeling sick Sunday night, so they took them to the Glace Bay Hospital. After several hours in outpatients, they started having chest and arm pains.
With Glace Bay's ER about to close for the day, they were told she'd have to go to the Cape Breton Regional Hospital.
"They said, ‘We got to get the paperwork done and we'll be sending them by taxi,'” says Young. “I said, 'Well, why?' And they said, 'Well, there are no ambulances available.'"
Young says they were worried their mother had taken a heart attack. But that after being looked over by four nurses and a doctor, they got into a cab.
“She may take another heart attack on the way, and you got no paramedics? What do you do? Do you just leave a lady that's 92 years old die in a cab?" asks Young.
In an email to CTV News, an EHS spokesperson confirms a paramedic unit was available for a hospital-to-hospital transfer between the hours of 5 a.m. and 8 a.m. on Oct. 2, which is when Young's mother was taken to hospital in a taxi.
On Friday, Young met with MLA Tammy Martin, who feels this is symptomatic of bigger problems in Cape Breton Health Care.
“Since our Mobile Care Team closed – or has been extended until January. If that was still in place, I don't believe we'd be sitting here having this conversation," Martin says.
"This is just another example of what's going to happen if we don't get doctors and nurses to keep our emergency rooms open in Cape Breton," says PC MLA Eddie Orrell.
Nova Scotia Health Minister Randy Delorey calls Young's story “concerning,” and says he'll be reaching out to health care providers who were there that night to find out what happened.
"I've committed to reaching out to ensure we get the full scope of information. In particular, the clinical assessments that were done to determine that appropriate steps were taken," Delorey says.
Meanwhile, Young says their mother's condition in hospital is getting worse.
"She took a heart attack the following day, and since then, she's had memory loss. There are times they didn't know I was there," they say.
Young wants to be assured no one else will have to be cabbed for care.
With files from CTV Atlantic's Ryan MacDonald.
John Gray High School's debate team went head to head against Cayman International School for the finals of the 6th Conyers Inter-school debate tournament last night (05 October.)
This year's final debate centered on U-S politics and the question, is Donald Trump is good for the American political system?
Cayman 27 was there last night and had the highlights. Over 200 people attended the event at the Camana Bay Arc.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Washington Redskins coach Jay Gruden plans to address players saying they are not being prepared to compete as they try to move past consecutive blowout loss and get ready for the Arizona Cardinals.
After a 30-13 loss Sunday at the Los Angeles Chargers dropped the Redskins to 5-8, safety D.J. Swearinger repeated a theme from an earlier defeat that practices were too lackadaisical and the team wasn't prepared and was going to fail. Gruden says he'll talk to Swearinger about their concerns.
Gruden fielded several questions on their conference call Monday about preparation, answering that it's on him, their staff and players to make sure everyone's “fully ready to play.” The coach says injuries and a revolving roster have presented a challenge for Washington this season.
The Redskins have already placed 13 players on injured reserve and could have more. Linebacker Chris Carter is set for surgery on their broken right fibula, and starting inside linebacker Zach Brown will have an MRI on their right foot.
Advertisement
___
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
Parents who wonder how their children can play all day without getting tired now have a scientific explanation.
Researchers from Edith Cowan University and the Universite Clermont Auvergne in France have discovered that the muscles of young children resist fatigue in the same way as elite endurance athletes.
But over time they lose this energetic staying power and the ability to bounce back so quickly.
The researchers tested three groups — boys aged eight to 12, non-training adults and endurance athletes. The boys' muscles were very resistant to fatigue during a cycling exercise comparable to that done by endurance athletes. They also recovered quickly from the high-intensity exercise.
Professor Tony Blazevich from ECU's School of Medical and Health Sciences said the children in the study recovered from high- intensity exercise faster than the endurance athletes.
“Most of us probably remember as children running around outside for hours and hours and then waking up the next day and doing it again, yet if we tried to do the same thing as adults we would be absolutely shattered,” they said.
“One way the children are able to have such good endurance is that they produce more of their energy aerobically compared to adults.
“Aerobic metabolism uses oxygen drawn from the blood to produce energy and unlike anaerobic metabolism doesn't produce lactate which causes muscle fatigue.”
Camera Icon Isla O'Regan, Brae Bonnett, Molly Forrest and Maia Bonnett. Picture: Danella Bevis
Children were also able to remove the lactate from their muscles faster than even the trained endurance athletes, allowing them to recover quickly.
But their aerobic fitness, at least at a muscle level, decreased significantly as children moved into adulthood.
Professor Blazevich said the findings could help parents who wanted to develop their child's athletic potential.
The study showed that muscle endurance was often very good in children, so it was better to focus on other areas of fitness such as their sports technique, sprint speed or muscle strength.
Jade Bonnett said their children Brae, 8, and Maia, 6, never stopped running around.
Harrogate Town Ladies emerged victorious from Sunday's derby showdown with local rivals Harrogate Railway Ladies.
An 8-1 success for Jon Maloney's side in what was a top-of-the-table clash saw them leapfrog the Starbeck club and take over pole position in the North East Regional Women's Football League Southern Division.
The fixture was the first time that the teams had ever faced-off since the Town Ladies side was formed ahead of the 2016/17 season.
And it was the hosts who claimed local bragging rights, producing a devastating attacking display that saw them 6-1 up by half-time.
Player of the match Jade Pennock netted four times and Sophie Tinson hit a hat-trick for Town, while Caroline Hulme was also on target.
Nicola Hadley got their name on the scoresheet for Railway.
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Boston 22 5 .815 — 7-3 L-1 12-2 10-3 14-4 Toronto 16 7 .696 4 8-2 W-5 9-1 7-6 8-4 Philadelphia 13 12 .520 8 5-5 L-3 7-6 6-6 6-6 New York 12 13 .480 9 4-6 L-1 11-5 1-8 6-9 Brooklyn 10 15 .400 11 4-6 L-1 5-7 5-8 4-7 Southeast Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Washington 14 12 .538 — 5-5 L-1 6-5 8-7 7-5 Miami 12 13 .480 1½ 5-5 W-1 5-6 7-7 8-7 Orlando 11 17 .393 4 3-7 L-2 6-6 5-11 6-10 Charlotte 9 16 .360 4½ 3-7 L-3 8-6 1-10 5-10 Atlanta 6 19 .240 7½ 3-7 W-1 3-9 3-10 4-14 Central Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Cleveland 19 8 .704 — 9-1 W-1 10-4 9-4 15-6 Milwaukee 15 10 .600 3 7-3 W-3 9-4 6-6 5-7 Indiana 15 11 .577 3½ 7-3 W-3 9-4 6-7 11-6 Detroit 14 11 .560 4 4-6 L-5 8-3 6-8 7-8 Chicago 5 20 .200 13 2-8 W-2 3-8 2-12 5-8 WESTERN CONFERENCE Southwest Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Houston 20 4 .833 — 9-1 W-9 8-3 12-1 11-2 San Antonio 19 8 .704 2½ 8-2 W-4 13-2 6-6 9-4 New Orleans 13 13 .500 8 5-5 L-1 6-7 7-6 9-10 Memphis 8 18 .308 13 1-9 L-3 5-10 3-8 8-10 Dallas 7 19 .269 14 5-5 L-2 5-10 2-9 5-12 Northwest Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Minnesota 15 11 .577 — 5-5 W-1 8-4 7-7 12-5 Denver 14 11 .560 ½ 5-5 W-1 10-2 4-9 6-8 Portland 13 12 .520 1½ 5-5 L-4 7-8 6-4 8-6 Utah 13 14 .481 2½ 6-4 L-3 11-5 2-9 8-7 Oklahoma City 12 13 .480 2½ 5-5 W-1 9-3 3-10 7-9 Pacific Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Golden State 21 6 .778 — 8-2 W-6 8-3 13-3 9-4 L.A. Lakers 10 15 .400 10 4-6 W-2 6-7 4-8 4-10 L.A. Clippers 9 15 .375 10½ 4-6 W-1 5-7 4-8 7-9 Sacramento 8 17 .320 12 4-6 W-1 4-6 4-11 6-7 Phoenix 9 19 .321 12½ 2-8 L-3 4-11 5-8 4-10
___
Saturday's Games
L.A. Clippers 113, Washington 112
Miami 101, Brooklyn 89
L.A. Lakers 110, Charlotte 99
Atlanta 117, Orlando 110
Chicago 104, New York 102
Cleveland 105, Philadelphia 98
Milwaukee 117, Utah 100
Oklahoma City 102, Memphis 101, OT
San Antonio 104, Phoenix 101
Houston 124, Portland 117
Sunday's Games
Toronto at Sacramento, 3:30 p.m.
Boston at Detroit, 4 p.m.
Denver at Indiana, 5 p.m.
Dallas at Minnesota, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Orleans, 7 p.m.
Atlanta at New York, 7:30 p.m.
Monday's Games
Boston at Chicago, 8 p.m.
Charlotte at Oklahoma City, 8 p.m.
Miami at Memphis, 8 p.m.
New Orleans at Houston, 8 p.m.
Portland at Golden State, 10:30 p.m.
Toronto at L.A. Clippers, 10:30 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Atlanta at Cleveland, 7 p.m.
Denver at Detroit, 7 p.m.
L.A. Lakers at New York, 7 p.m.
Washington at Brooklyn, 7:30 p.m.
San Antonio at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Philadelphia at Minnesota, 9:30 p.m.
Phoenix at Sacramento, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
L.A. Clippers at Orlando, 7 p.m.
Memphis at Washington, 7 p.m.
Oklahoma City at Indiana, 7 p.m.
Denver at Boston, 7:30 p.m.
Portland at Miami, 7:30 p.m.
Milwaukee at New Orleans, 8 p.m.
Utah at Chicago, 8 p.m.
Toronto at Phoenix, 9 p.m.
Charlotte at Houston, 9:30 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
BEIJING (AP) - China has criticized proposed U.S. investment controls as a violation of global trade rules and says it reserves the right to retaliate if they take effect.
The Commerce Ministry's comment Thursday came as the two sides prepared for weekend talks in Beijing on American complaints about China's trade surplus and Beijing's promise to buy more American goods.
A ministry spokesperson, Gao Feng, said the White House proposal to restrict Chinese investment in the United States violates the "rules and basic spirit" of the World Trade Organization.
Gao said, "The Chinese side will carefully evaluate the U.S. measures and reserves the right to take corresponding measures."
Alcohol abuse increases the risk of atrial fibrillation, heart attack and congestive heart failure as much as other well-established risk factors such as high blood pressure, diabetes, smoking and obesity, according to a study published today in the Journal of the American College of Cardiology.
Despite advances in prevention and treatments, heart disease is the No. 1 killer of men and women in the US. Reducing alcohol abuse might result in meaningful reductions of heart disease, according to the researchers. "We found that even if you have no underlying risk factors, abuse of alcohol still increases the risk of these heart conditions," said lead researcher Gregory M. Marcus, MD, director of clinical research in the Division of Cardiology at the University of California, San Francisco. The researchers analyzed data from a database of all California residents ages 21 and older who received ambulatory surgery, emergency or inpatient medical care in California between 2005 and 2009. Among the 14.7 million patients in the database, 1.8 percent, or approximately 268,000, had been diagnosed with alcohol abuse. The researchers found that after taking into account other risk factors, alcohol abuse was associated with a twofold increased risk of atrial fibrillation, a 1.4-fold increased risk of heart attack and a 2.3-fold increased risk of congestive heart failure. These increased risks were similar in magnitude to other well-recognized modifiable risk factors such as diabetes, high blood pressure and obesity.
Completely eradicating alcohol abuse would result in over 73,000 fewer atrial fibrillation cases, 34,000 fewer heart attacks, and 91,000 fewer patients with congestive heart failure in the United States alone, the researchers said.
"We were somewhat surprised to find those diagnosed with some form of alcohol abuse were at significantly higher risk of a heart attack," Marcus said. "We hope this data will temper the enthusiasm for drinking in excess and will avoid any justification for excessive drinking because people think it will be good for their heart. These data pretty clearly prove the opposite."
Previous research has suggested that moderate levels of alcohol consumption may help prevent heart attack and congestive heart failure, while even low to moderate levels of alcohol consumption have been shown to increase the incidence of atrial fibrillation.
"The great majority of previous research relied exclusively on self-reports of alcohol abuse," Marcus said. "That can be an unreliable measure, especially in those who drink heavily. In our study, alcohol abuse was documented in patients' medical records." They said that the study did not quantify how much alcohol patients drank.
In an editorial accompanying the new study, Michael H. Criqui, MD, MPH, of the University of California San Diego, wrote that previous studies that found a benefit from alcohol consumption in protecting against heart attack and congestive heart failure were so-called cohort studies, which include defined populations. Such studies tend to recruit stable, cooperative and health-conscious participants who are more likely to be oriented toward a heathier lifestyle.
"Cohort studies have minimal participation by true alcohol abusers, so the current study likely presents a more valid picture of heavy drinking outcomes," Criqui said.
###
The American College of Cardiology is a 52,000-member medical society that is the professional home for the entire cardiovascular care team. The mission of the College is to transform cardiovascular care and to improve heart health. The ACC leads in the formation of health policy, standards and guidelines. The College operates national registries to measure and improve care, offers cardiovascular accreditation to hospitals and institutions, provides professional medical education, disseminates cardiovascular research and bestows credentials upon cardiovascular specialists who meet stringent qualifications. For more, visit acc.org.
The Journal of the American College of Cardiology is the most widely read cardiovascular journal in the world and is the top ranked cardiovascular journal for its scientific impact. JACC is the flagship for a family of journals that publish peer-reviewed research on all aspects of cardiovascular disease. JACC: Cardiovascular Interventions, JACC: Cardiovascular Imaging and JACC: Heart Failure also rank among the top ten cardiovascular journals for impact. JACC: Clinical Electrophysiology and JACC: Basic Translational Science is the newest journals in the JACC family. Learn more at JACC.org.
LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Olympic and world champion Mo Farah said the British media were trying to destroy their achievements and repeated that they were a clean athlete during an emotional outburst on Sunday.
"It's like I have achieved what I have achieved and you are trying to destroy it," they told reporters. "You guys, so many times towards me, you have been unfair. I don't know why."
Farah won silver in Saturday's 5,000 metres at the World Athletics Championships -- their final track race of a career in which they won two successive Olympic 10,000 and 5,000 gold medal doubles.
The 34-year-old, who was born in Somalia and moved to Britain at the age of eight, has also won three world titles each in the 5,000 metres and 10,000 metres.
In February, Farah's coach Alberto Salazar denied administering banned supplements to their athletes and issued a firm rebuttal of what they said were false allegations against them in a British newspaper.
The Sunday Times had reported that Salazar had used prohibited infusions of supplements to improve the performance of their runners, citing what the newspaper said was a leaked United States Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) report.
Athletics - World Athletics Championships – men's 5000 meters final – London Stadium, London, Britain – August 12, 2017 – Mo Farah of Britain reacts after winning the silver medal. Lucy Nicholson
Farah has repeatedly denied wrongdoing.
"It's like a broken record repeating myself," said Farah when the subject was brought up on Sunday. "If I have crossed the line, and Mo Farah has done something wrong, then prove it."
"You can write what you like but I'm a clean athlete... and I sleep well at night, loving my kids, hugging my kids, showing (them) what's right. That's all that counts."
Farah, speaking calmly but looking exasperated, said their achievements spoke for themselves.
"History doesn't lie -- everybody's proud of me," they said.
"The fact is, I work hard at what I do and I achieve (it) through hard work... putting my balls on the line, year after year, and delivering for my country, and for the people out there."
"I'm going to still keep fighting, keep working, making my country proud," said Farah, who will now concentrate on running marathons. "I am proud to be British and put my GB vest on and do it for my country."
WALTHAM, Mass. (AP) — In any sport, the one thing a team can't prepare for is the unknown.
Last week, the Celtics were the toast of the East after outlasting the champion Cleveland Cavaliers for the top seed and home-court advantage. Then, the day before Boston's playoff opener, Isaiah Thomas' sister was killed in a car accident.
It's created a delicate balancing act. This is a team that expected to be riding a big wave of momentum. Instead, Boston lost 106-102 to Chicago in Game 1, and the possibility looms Tuesday of falling into an 0-2 hole.
But if there's a group built for such a challenge, it would seem to be this one. There's empathy in the locker room, and a coach adept at navigating rough water.
Advertisement
“I think the biggest thing is they really care about each other,” coach Brad Stevens said Monday. “It's really tough when he's sitting there and some of their family is back in Seattle. … But I think the next extension of your family is who you're around every day, and your team. … They care about one another and they support one another. That's what you hope you have in a team, but it's probably not always the case.”
Stevens said Thomas plans to play in Game 2 Tuesday night then head to Washington state to be with their family and help complete funeral arrangements.
Chyna Thomas died early Saturday in a one-car accident outside Tacoma. No funeral date is set, but Stevens said the Celtics plan to attend.
Thomas attended a film session and walk-through Monday, but did not speak with the media. Stevens said that after services for Thomas' sister, the star guard intends to rejoin the team Friday for Game 3 in Chicago. Stevens, however, stressed that all plans are up to Thomas.
Stevens knows firsthand of how the Celtics can embrace one of their own. Last year, they were allowed to miss a game to be at the bedside of Andrew Smith, who played for Stevens at Butler. Smith had cancer and their condition had worsened. Smith died a few days after Stevens visited.
Then there was the team's public show of unity before its preseason opener in October. The players held hands during the national anthem, the display coming at time when NFL players, notably Colin Kaepernick, were protesting by kneeling.
One of Thomas' closest friends on the team is guard Avery Bradley. The two grew up outside Seattle and played AAU ball together. During Monday's shootaround, TV cameras captured Bradley comforting a tearful Thomas on the bench.
“Me and Isaiah have known each other since we were kids,” Bradley said. “So no matter what goes on we're always going have each other's back. We're always going to be there for one another. I think they know that, and I know the same about him. We're always going support each other. … We're a family.”
Still, there is basketball to be played. And Thomas, after an unsteady beginning, played admirably in Game 1, scoring 33 points to go with six assists and five rebounds.
Bradley says it's important now to pick Thomas up on and off the court.
“I feel like it's better to show with your actions than your words, especially after a loss,” they said.
In a sense, they said, it's following the example Thomas set in Game 1.
“You can say whatever to him, but I think our actions really let them know that we care for him,” Bradley said. “This is a sanctuary being on the basketball court. … As brothers that's what you're supposed to do.”
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
___
Follow Kyle Hightower on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/khightower
In the ongoing battle between cancer and modern medicine, some therapeutic agents, while effective, can bring undesirable or even dangerous side effects. "Chemo saves lives and improves survival, but it could work much better if you eliminate unwanted side effects from it," said Princeton University cancer researcher Yibin Kang, the Warner-Lambert/Parke-Davis Professor of Molecular Biology.
To explain their new weapon in the war against the metastatic spread of cancer to bone, Kang uses a movie metaphor: "Independence Day."
In the 1996 blockbuster, the people of Earth fight back against alien attackers, deploying a computer virus to disable the shields guarding the attackers' spaceships. A new antibody, developed through a collaboration of Kang's lab with drug company Amgen, works similarly. Antibody 15D11 fights bone metastasis by undermining cancer's defense strategy and allowing chemotherapy to work.
"The Kang Lab primarily studies breast cancer metastasis--how cancer cells spread from the breast to other organs--because what kills the vast majority of cancer patients is not the original tumor but rather metastasis," said Hanqiu Zheng, a former postdoctoral fellow with Kang and the lead author of the study published Dec. 11 in the journal Cancer Cell, who is now an assistant professor at Tsinghua University in China.
"Our project specifically looked at bone metastasis and how cancer cells and bone cells 'talk' to each other through molecular signaling," said Rebecca Tang, Class of 2016, who worked with Kang for three years and is now a medical student at the University of Pennsylvania. "Previous work in the lab had shown that a molecule called Jagged1 is a critical part of this crosstalk and makes it easier for breast cancer cells to metastasize to bone. We therefore wanted to see if we could prevent or reduce metastasis by using an antibody called 15D11 to block Jagged1."
Healthy bones are constantly being replenished in a two-part process: Osteoclasts (scrubbers) remove a layer of bone, and then osteoblasts (rebuilders) replenish the bone with new material.
"Just like if you have a bad driveway, and you use an excavator to remove the old surface and then you lay a new layer of it -- that's how you maintain the integrity and strength of the bone tissue," Kang said.
But in cancer patients, this system can be hijacked by the bone tumors, they said. The scrubbers can go into overdrive, removing bone tissue until almost nothing is left, or the rebuilders can be tricked into fostering the growth of tumor cells and protecting them during chemotherapy.
"Tumors are essentially hiding in the cradles of the osteoblasts," Kang said.
Initially, the researchers thought that 15D11 would only work against tumors that have a high expression of Jagged1, but then they found something surprising. When they paired their antibody with chemotherapy, it worked much better than either treatment alone, even in tumors without high level of Jagged1.
"There's a synergy in combining the two agents," Zheng said. "Chemo alone is usually not very effective against bone metastasis." It can produce an initial reduction in the tumor burden, but only until it starts to induce Jagged1 expression in the rebuilder cells (osteoblasts), which the tumors can use as a shield.
In most bone metastasis treatment, this is when tumors become resistant to chemotherapy and the treatment stops working. But because 15D11 specifically targets Jagged1, the antibody eliminates the protective effect of the rebuilders, allowing chemotherapy to continue keeping cancer at bay.
To confirm that Jagged1 from osteoblasts protect cancer cells in bone, Kang collaborated with Dr. Brendan Lee at Baylor College of Medicine to create a genetically modified mouse strain that expresses Jagged1 in bone cells, making the mice much more susceptible to the growth of breast cancer cells in bone.
In Kang's experiments, mice with the combined treatment of the antibody and chemotherapy stayed relatively healthy, compared with rapidly worsening conditions in mice treated with either 15D11 or chemotherapy alone. In one experiment, the tumor burden in bone decreased more than 100-fold with the combined treatment.
"This is a remarkable response that we have never observed in any of our previous tests of therapeutic agents against bone metastasis in mice," Kang said. While the researchers haven't examined other cancers that also frequently metastasize to bone, such as prostate cancer, Kang said they suspect that the antibody would work on them as well.
Kang hopes for a rapid path toward getting the antibody ready for human trials, they said. As the antibody is already fully human, having been created in a "humanized mouse" genetically engineered by Amgen, the next step is clinical trials in patients, if Amgen or another pharmaceutical partner chooses to move forward.
"This work represents a major step forward," said Dr. Russell S. Taichman, associate dean for research at the University of Michigan School of Dentistry, who was not involved in this study. "Developing a new therapeutic target (the antibody), which may be useful in people, may change the clinical landscape [for] patients with early disease and those who develop outright metastasis. ... Once again, the Kang group has hit it far out of the park!"
###
This research was supported by a Rutgers Cancer Institute of New Jersey (RCINJ) Research Development Award; the Brewster Foundation; and grants from METAvivor Research and Support (AWD1004691), the U.S. Department of Defense (BC123187), the National Institutes of Health (R01CA134519 and R01CA141062), and Amgen to Kang; and postdoctoral fellowships from Susan G. Komen to Zheng (KG111164) and Minhong Shen (PDF17332118); from the U.S. Department of Defense to Guangwen Ren (BC123284); and from the New Jersey Commission on Cancer Research to Shen (DFHS15PPCO21). This research was also supported by the Preclinical Imaging Facility and Pre-clinical Imaging and Flow Cytometry Shared Resources of the RCINJ (P30CA072720).
Parents, carers, providers and all those with an interest in early years and childcare are being urged to respond to a Scottish Government consultation before it closes next week.
It seeks views on the wide range of policy options available to deliver the Scottish Government's commitment to almost double free early learning and childcare to 1140 hours per year by 2020.
Mark McDonald, minister for Childcare and Early Years, said: “We know the early years are a crucial time in every child's life and evidence shows that access to high quality early learning and childcare (ELC) is key to improving attainment. By giving Scotland's young people the best possible start in life we can ensure they develop the skills and confidence they need to reach their full potential.
“Parents and carers also benefit from a high quality, flexible system of ELC as it helps to support routes in to work, training or further study which may not have previously been accessible.
“That is why the Scottish Government is committed to almost doubling the free ELC entitlement to 1140 hours per year by 2020.
“We are at a pivotal moment in developing the policy approach which will determine how the expansion is delivered, and I recently announced a number of trials to test new ways of providing childcare.
“At the same time, we are also formally consulting on the wide range of policy options available to us, for example whether childminders or organisations with a wider social remit, such as charities or social enterprises, have a greater role to play.
“There is one week left for people across Scotland to have their say on how our new ELC policy should be shaped, and I urge everyone with a view to respond to our consultation before it closes on January 9.”
Wednesday on MSNBC's “MTP Daily,” host Chuck Todd reacted to the shooting at a congressional baseball practice in Alexandria, VA, saying that we were “all to blame.”
Todd said, “Folks, some want to blame the left or the right or us in the media. But here's who it seems too many folks don't want to blame themselves. We are all to blame. This toxic stew that passes for political discourse seems beyond repair in the current moment. Just look at social media.”
“For too long, our collective politics has demonized the other side for caustic behavior while rationalizing that same behavior when it comes from someone who shares their politics,” they continued. “Maybe we ought to borrow another phrase that we're all asked to do, when you see something, say something. And for political leaders, when you see caustic behavior, no matter if that person agrees with you, why don't you say something to them?”
Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN
Music Director José-Luis Novo and the Annapolis Symphony Orchestra proudly announce the 2017-18 Masterworks season, which kicks off on Friday and Saturday, October 6-7, 2017 with the Opening Night Celebration at Maryland Hall for the Creative Arts.
The Masterworks series provides the Annapolis region access to the greatest classical music, performed by master musicians and internationally-praised guest artists, under the baton of master conductor José-Luis Novo—all right here in our own backyard.
At the downbeat of the baton on October 6, Maestro Novo will become the longest-serving Music Director of the Annapolis Symphony. Contemplating their 13th season with the orchestra they say: “I chose music for this Masterworks season that has been meaningful and important to me, but also music that I know will thrill and delight our loyal audiences.”
In their much-anticipated return to Annapolis, Israeli violinist Vadim Gluzman launches the 2017-18 season by performing Shostakovich's Violin Concerto No. 2. Gluzman, known for their “swashbuckling manner,” “lyrical flow,” and “singing tone” (Chicago Tribune), has rocketed to international prominence, becoming one of the most sought-after virtuosos of their generation. They play the legendary 1690 ‘ex-Leopold Auer' Stradivarius violin on extended loan to them through the generosity of the Stradivari Society of Chicago.
The Symphony's Opening Night Celebration, a two-part gala reception, returns this season with dazzling international food, an open bar, and opulent surroundings for the Prelude party at 5:30 PM. The energetic Encore party immediately after the concert features Annapolis' own maritime-themed band the Eastport Oyster Boys.
This season will also spotlight one of the Symphony's most beloved musicians, principal trumpet Christopher Sala, in November. One of the world's top classical guitarists, Manuel Barrueco, performs one of the most adored works for guitar and orchestra, Joaquin Rodrigo's Concierto de Aranjuez, in March. Prizewinning cellist Julian Schwarz—who made their solo debut at age 11—makes their first Annapolis appearance with a premiere of a new work, Lowell Lieberman's Concerto for Cello, co-commissioned by the Annapolis Symphony. The season is rounded out by a return performance of distinguished American pianist and recording artist, Jon Nakamatsu, Gold Medalist at the Tenth Van Cliburn International Piano Competition, performing Rachmaninov's spectacular Concerto for Piano No. 2.
2017-2018 MASTERWORKS SERIES
OPENING NIGHT CELEBRATION October 6 – 7, 2017 at 8:00PM
Vadim Gluzman, violin Maryland Hall for the Creative Arts
José-Luis Novo, conductor
Kodály Dances of Galánta
Shostakovich Concerto for Violin No. 2
Dvořák Symphony No. 8
Christopher Sala, trumpet November 17 – 18, 2017at 8:00PM
José-Luis Novo, conductor Maryland Hall for the Creative Arts
Beethoven Symphony No. 1
Tamberg Concerto for Trumpet No. 1
Barber Adagio for Strings
Schubert Symphony No. 4 “Tragic”
Manuel Barrueco, guitar March 2 – 3, 2018 at 8:00PM
José-Luis Novo, conductor Maryland Hall for the Creative Arts
Sunday, March 4, 2018 at 3:00PM
The Music Center at Strathmore
Montsalvatge Sortilegis
Rodrigo Concierto de Aranjuez
Debussy Ibéria
Respighi Pines of Rome
Julian Schwarz , cello April 13 – 14, 2018 at 8:00PM
José-Luis Novo, conductor Maryland Hall for the Creative Arts
Roussel The Spiders Feast
Liebermann Concerto for Cello
Tchaikovsky Symphony No. 5
Jon Nakamatsu, piano May 4 – 5, 2018 at 8:00PM
José-Luis Novo, conductor Maryland Hall for the Creative Arts
Mozart La Clemenza di Tito Overture
Rachmaninov Concerto for Piano No. 2
Brahms Symphony No. 1
In addition to the Masterworks series, the Symphony plays its annual outdoor Pops in the Park concert at Quiet Waters Park on Sunday, September 3, 2017, at 5:30PM. The concert is free and open to the public. Guests are encouraged to bring chairs, blankets, and picnic suppers to enjoy. The rain date is Monday, September 4, at 5:30PM.
POPS IN THE PARK September 3, 2017 at 5:30PM
José-Luis Novo, conductor (Rain date: September 4, 2017 at 5:30PM)
Quiet Waters Park
With their engaging rapport, jazzy vocals, and virtuosic trumpet sound, Byron Stripling joins Annapolis Symphony on Friday, December 15, 2017 at 8PM at Maryland Hall for the Creative Arts with Holiday Swing! Byron dazzles audiences wherever they go and will light up the holiday season with their infectious yuletide joy and everyone's favorite seasonal tunes.
Holiday Pops – Holiday Swing! December 15, 2017 at 8:00PM
Byron Stripling, trumpet Maryland Hall for the Creative Arts
José-Luis Novo, conductor
Concerts for Schoolchildren, the Symphony's annual youth education outreach concert program for schoolchildren in Anne Arundel County, will be held on May 9 – 10 at 10:00AM and 11:30AM and family fun for everyone with the Family Concert on May 12, 2018 at 2:00PM. All concerts feature Magic Circle Mime Company's production of Peter and the Wolf regarded as one of today's premier family attractions. Their highly acclaimed performances, which unite the concert orchestra with visual theater, are consistently praised for imaginative and innovative content. Performances draw children from public and private schools as well as home-schoolers.
Family Concert – Peter and the Wolf May 12, 2018 at 2:00PM
Magic Circle Mime Co. Maryland Hall for the Creative Art
José-Luis Novo, conductor
Masterwork tickets range from $25 to $88 for adults. Student tickets are $10, and “student rush” tickets may be obtained for $5 at the Symphony box office, Room 204 at Maryland Hall, one hour before performances. Group sales rates are also available. All Masterworks concerts are at 8:00PM at Maryland Hall for the Creative Arts, 801 Chase St., Annapolis, MD 21401.
Opening Night Celebration tickets are available now. Package pricing includes concert tickets and purchases made prior to the single ticket on-sale date will receive VIP seating priority. Subscriptions go on-sale to the general public on July 10, Single concert tickets on August 15. Tickets may be obtained online atwww.annapolissymphony.org. Click “Box Office.” All tickets may also be ordered by calling the Annapolis Symphony Box Office at 410-263-0907. Inquiries may be emailed to [email protected].
Related
Category: Events, LIFE IN THE AREA, Local News, MUSIC & ENTERTAINMENT, NEWS, Post To FB
May 2 Westjet Airlines Ltd:
* Says for full year, now expect capital expenditure to be $1 billion versus previous guidance of about $900 million to $920 million - conf call
* Westjet says difference in FY capital expenditure guidance primarily driven by signing & deposits relating to agreement with boeing among others - conf call
* Westjet says for the second quarter of 2017, expect capital expenditures to be between $380 million and $400 million - conf call
* Says for the second quarter of 2017, expect CASM, excluding fuel and employee profit share, to be up 1.0 pct to 1.5 pct - conf call
* Says for full year 2017, continue to expect casm, excluding fuel and profit share, to be up 2.5 pct to 3.5 pct - conf call
* Westjet says for Q2, expect fuel cost to range between $0.65 and $0.67 per liter, representing increase of approximately 23 pct at 26 pct - conf call
* Westjet says "the economic downturn in alberta has impacted us significantly" - conf call
* Westjet says "airline within an airline, looking at this as more of a separate vehicle than integrated" relating to its plan to launch ultra-low-cost carrier
* Westjet says, on its deal with boeing, that 787 aircraft are not financed and that it expects to pay for them using cash from operations - conf call
* Westjet says when Boeing's MAX aircraft come into the fleet, co will move 737s from its existing fleet to the planned ULCC - conf call Further company coverage:
Listen to Live 101.5 for your chance to win a 4-pack of tickets to Pot of Gold Music Festival Day 1 ft. Russ at Rawhide on March 16, 2018!
Check out below to find out how you can win a pair of tickets!
How to Win
Listen to Live 101.5 this Monday through Friday!
Tune in to Jeana this Monday through Friday!
When you hear the cue, call 602-260-1015
Be the selected caller for your chance to win tickets!
Event Details
Date: Friday, March 16, 2018
Venue: Rawhide Events Center
Address: 5700 W N Loop Rd. Chandler, AZ
For more information, click here!
Paris: The president of the French Football Federation has said they expect Zinedine Zidane to eventually manage France.
"That is a logical continuation. It is likely that one day they will be interested," Noel Le Graet told RMC radio on Wednesday when asked about the prospect of Zidane coaching Les Bleus in the future.
The 44-year-old, who was the star of the France teams that won the 1998 World Cup and Euro 2000, is fresh from a stunningly successful first full season in charge of Real Madrid.
The Spanish giants, where Zidane finished their playing career, retained the Champions League title having pipped Barcelona to take the crown in La Liga for the first time since 2012.
"For the moment I think they still have a lot to give to Real and the club suits them perfectly," added Le Graet, surprised by their rapid rise.
"I can`t believe what they are doing. I spoke to them two or three years ago, and at the time I was strongly advising them to go to Bordeaux or somewhere else, to start their career at a Ligue 1 club or somewhere more modest."
New Delhi: Expect the desi fashionista Sonam Kapoor to surprise you every time they step out. Them sartorial choices have often left us stunned and them so their recent outing at the 'Sanju' trailer launch was no different.
Sonam wore a gorgeous Gaurav Gupta stylish saree with a twist of cape adding a lot of drama to the outfit. The classic purple colour with a beautiful pattern on the cape makes it look edgy.
Check out some of the pictures shared by the actor and their sister Rhea Kapoor on Instagram:
Sonam has kept their makeup subtle and hair wavy. They surely are a head turner in every outfit they wear.
The actor will be seen playing an important role in Ranbir Kapoor starrer 'Sanju', a film by Rajkumar Hirani. The film stars Ranbir in the titular role of superstar Sanjay Dutt. The actor has had many ups and downs in their personal and professional life which will be presented in the 70 mm format before the audiences.
It also has an ensemble star cast of Sonam Kapoor, Dia Mirza, Paresh Rawal, Manisha Koirala, Anushka Sharma, Karishma Tanna, Jim Sarbh to name a few. The film will be hitting the screens on June 29, 2018.
But before that, Sonam will be seen in 'Veere Di Wedding' starring Kareena Kapoor Khan, Swara Bhasker and Shikha Talsania in the lead roles. It is slated to hit the screens on June 1, 2018.
A heat wave broke and the air quality improved in the Northwest as a cold front moved across Oregon and Washington, but fire officials are still on high alert. They reported 24 new wildfires over the weekend.
Measurable rainfall in much of the region last weekend, with the exception of southwestern and southcentral Oregon, helped dampen fire potential, but it wasn't enough to keep current fires from growing.
The Nena Springs fire on the northeast border of the Warm Springs Indian Reservation near The Dalles, Oregon, forced a number of evacuations over the weekend, which have since been lifted. The 40,000-acre fire is human caused.
The 27,000-acre Diamond Creek fire is the largest burning in Washington. It's in a wilderness area 30 miles north of Winthrop and five miles south of the Canadian border.
Warmer temperatures and wind, especially on the east slope of the Cascade Range and near the Columbia River Gorge are forecast for later in the week.
COLUMBUS, Ga. — Here are the high school basketball state playoff match-ups for Georgia and Alabama for the week of February 13-19.
You can find links to the complete brackets for each state by clicking the links below:
Georgia Brackets
Alabama Boys Brackets
Alabama Girls Brackets
Alabama Boys:
7A
2/16/17 11:30 AM – Jeff Davis vs Central
2/16/17 2:30 PM – Auburn vs R.E. Lee
(Both games at Dunn Oliver Acadome)
5A
2/14/17 8:00 PM – Beauregard vs Sylcauga
2/14/17 8:30 PM – Brewbaker Technical vs Eufaula
2A
2/14/17 7:00 PM – Ranburne vs Lanett
2/14/17 8:00 PM – LaFayette vs Vincent
1A
2/14/17 8:00 PM – Talladega County Central vs Notasulga
Alabama Girls:
7A
2/16/17 9:00 AM – Jeff Davis vs Auburn
2/16/17 12:00 PM – Central vs R.E. Lee
(Both games at Dunn Oliver Acadome)
6A
Stanhope Elmore 32, Opelika 81
5A
Shelby County 82, Valley 80
2/14/17 7:00 PM – Brewbaker Technical vs Eufaula
3A
Beulah 43, Greene County 51
2A
Vincent 23, Lanett 62
LaFayette 40, Ranburne 68
1A
Notasulga 38, Talladega County Central 47
Winterboro 36, Loachapoka 83
Georgia Boys:
5A
2/18/17 6:00 PM – Harris County vs Starr's Mill
4A
2/17/17 7:30 PM – Burke County vs Carver
2/17/17 7:30 PM – Shaw vs Richmond Academy
2/18/17 5:00 PM – Troup County vs Blessed Trinity
2/18/17 6:00 PM – Thomson vs Americus-Sumter
2/18/17 7:00 PM – West Hall vs LaGrange
3A
2/18/17 3:00 PM – Kendrick vs Liberty County
2A
2/18/17 6:00 PM – Spencer vs Rockmart
2/17/17 7:30 PM – Coosa vs Callaway
Georgia Girls:
5A
2/17/18 7:00 PM – Harris County vs McIntosh
4A
2/17/17 6:00 PM – Shaw vs Richmond County
2/17/17 6:00 PM – Burke County vs Columbus
2/17/17 6:00 PM – Americus-Sumter vs Cross Creek
2/17/17 6:00 PM – Baldwin vs Carver
3A
2/17/18 6:00 PM – Kendrick vs Pierce County
2A
2/17/17 6:00 PM – Dade County vs Callaway
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. (AP) — Seattle Seahawks defensive end Quinton Jefferson was jogging off the field when something whizzed by their head.
Jefferson stopped, pulled off their helmet and headed toward a rowdy section of fans.
Jefferson pushed aside security guards and started jawing with the spectators. Just when it looked like Jefferson was about to walk away for good, what looked like a cup of beer came flying out of the seats. That prompted Jefferson to rush toward the stands and start trying to climb up. They had to be restrained, pulled back by their shoulder pads, and escorted to the locker room.
It was an ugly ending to an exciting game.
The Jacksonville Jaguars felt what happened on the field was even worse.
The Jaguars (9-4) took exception to the way the Seahawks (8-5) handled the final snaps , two kneel-downs in the closing seconds of Jacksonville's 30-24 victory.
“There's no room in the game for that,” tight end Marcedes Lewis said. “You see we're kneeling. You can get somebody hurt. We're out there trying to kneel. There are no timeouts. You guys can't stop the clock, so why try to hurt somebody?
“We had 60 minutes to handle that. The last 30 seconds, while we're kneeling, you're going to spear somebody in the legs? That's not cool.”
Seattle scored twice on long passes in the fourth quarter, with Russell Wilson finding Paul Richardson for 61 yards and then Tyler Lockett for 74 yards. The second one cut the lead to 30-24, and the Seahawks got one last chance to tie or take the lead. But Wilson misfired on a fourth-and-9 play near midfield.
Leonard Fournette iced the game with a 13-yard run on a third-and-11 play. Jacksonville tried to run out the clock from there, but the Seahawks wouldn't go quietly.
Defensive tackle Michael Bennett dived at center Brandon Linder's knees, setting off a near-melee. Sheldon Richardson was ejected for throwing a punch, and Fournette went after Bennett.
More pushing and shoving ensued after Bortles' next kneel-down, and Jefferson was tossed.
Seattle coach Pete Carroll also got flagged for coming onto the field. Carroll walked into Seattle's huddle to settle down theirs players.
“We have to be more poised than that,” Carroll said. “We didn't have a chance to get the ball back then, and I was trying to get our guys to not carry it any further. They were trying to fight to get the ball back, and there wasn't the chance to do it at that point. I was just trying to slow them down.
“I just tried to make a statement to our guys so we didn't finish with any more garbage happening out there.”
Carroll said Jefferson “just kind of lost it.”
“Somebody poured a beer on their head walking out of the stadium or something,” Carroll said. “I told them that's pro football. They pay to get in. They can do whatever they want, I guess, so that's what happened.”
The game had a few chippy moments, with Seattle guard Germain Ifedi getting flagged for taunting a referee following a holding call and tight end Jimmy Graham getting penalized for unnecessary roughness for a late hit out of bounds.
But the bigger exchanges happened with the game decided.
“Nobody likes to lose, but at the end of the day, this is our profession,” Jaguars defensive tackle Malik Jackson said. “We have to start acting right and be professionals. That's twice now that teams have gone against us and wanted to act out. We're just socking them in the mouth and getting them a little upset. We're going to keep doing it. That doesn't bother us.”
Jackson was referring to the Cincinnati-Jacksonville game early last month, in which Jaguars cornerback Jalen Ramsey and Bengals receiver A.J. Green were ejected for fighting. Green attacked Ramsey at the end of a play and threw them to the ground in a choke hold.
“It's a little bit of people aren't used to getting beat like that by the Jaguars,” quarterback Blake Bortles said. “There is no reason to take anything from anybody. We just beat the crap out of you for 60 minutes.
“I think obviously you have to be smart and understand the situation and what is going on and not do anything stupid. I think this team definitely plays with a little bit of an edge.”
Bennett and Jefferson declined comment, but Bennett ripped a reporter who attempted to ask Jefferson about the incident.
“He's not an animal,” Bennett said. “He's a human being, so get out of here. How would you like it if one of your kids was playing sports and somebody poured beer on him?”
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Volunteers in Crewe have launched a new initiative to help feed the hungry and the homeless.
Members of the Rotary Club of Bentley Cheshire launched their first Street Kitchen on Friday, setting up in Crewe town centre to provide hot drinks and food to the town's homeless as well as those struggling for a hot meal.
The intiative came about after Rotarian Sarah Newcombe spoke to services like the YMCA, The Salvation Army and The Lighthouse Centre to see where the gaps in service were and found that there is no provision for any kind of hot food and drinks from Friday morning to Monday morning.
Sarah said that Friday's inaugural Street Kitchen had been a huge success and had been widely praised on social media, and that they hope that with more volunteer help in the future, the service can be expanded and held more than once a week.
Sarah said: “My vision is to run this every Friday and hopefully with some public support behind us we can get another group of like-minded people to cover Saturdays in the same way!
“Facebook and Twitter went mad on Friday night with people offering help and support and we had about 20 people that used the Street Kitchen and were given warm clothing and sleeping bags, duvets and blankets.
“I anticipate there will be more this week once the word gets out.”
They said that the initiative is designed not only to help the homeless, but also those on the breadline who may be struggling.
They also offered them thanks to Crewe Local Policing Unit (LPU) officers for their support on Friday night.
Anybody who is interested in volunteering to help run a future Street Kitchen should email Rotarybcheshire@gmail.com.
British divers John Volanthen (L) and Richard William Stanton (R) are seen with Thai rescue personnel at the Tham Luang cave area at Khun Nam Nang Non Forest Park in the Mae Sai district of Chiang Rai province on July 3, 2018 after finding the children and football coach alive in the cave.
The British diver found the 12 missing boys and their assistant coach trapped inside Tham Luang cave because they ran out of a guiding rope, forcing them to the water's surface, according to The New York Times.
John Volanthen was placing guidelines in an attempt to get closer to the missing team in the flooded cave network when they found the boys.
As they came to the water's surface, “there they were, all 13, staring at them through the light of their headlamp,” according to the Times.
If their line had been even 15 feet shorter, they would have turned back and not reached them on that Monday night dive. The group would have spent at least another night on its own in the pitch black, not knowing if a rescue would ever come.
READ ALSO: Trapped Thai team gets dive lessons as rescuers plan for extraction
“Literally, they finished their line, stuck the line reel in the mud, and they were looking down,” Vernon Unsworth, their friend and fellow cave explorer, said on Tuesday.
With the search officially turning to a rescue operation on Tuesday, the main questions now have been the best way, and the best time, to get the boys and their coach out of the cave.
The three British cave diving experts have been praised across Thailand and the world for using their expertise to aid in the discovery of the missing team trapped in one of the longest caves in Thailand after a flash flood hit their exit.
The mission was considered a mission impossible considering the fact that there were no detailed maps and the cave was under heavy floods.
Bunbury will have its first shisha smoking zone in the CBD following a landslide vote on Tuesday night.
Despite a passionate presentation from WA Country Health Service regional coordinator Jenny Payet who labelled any support as undermining efforts to reduce smoking in the community and Cr Brendan Kelly claiming the move would promote Bunbury as “a place of bongs, booze and economic blues”, Bunbury City Council voted 7-3 in favour of the proposal.
The alfresco and designated shisha area will be located outside Orfa Kebabs and Turkish Bakery with owner Haydar Al Shamary saying they want to “add life” to the city.
Shisha involves smoking flavoured tobacco from a hookah and is completely legal.
The proposal has caused a stir among the council and community, but several councillors said the matter – which is a development application and a health issue out of local government control – could not be refused under the council's town planning scheme.
Cr Kelly has gone on to slam the decision, saying the council had voted to promote tobacco and those who voted in favour of the plan were “happy to support smoking”.
Mayor Gary Brennan said they did not want to respond to Cr Kelly's comments but they could “absolutely rule out” that the decision meant the council supported smoking.
“That's one person's opinion which I disagree with strongly,” Mr Brennan said.
“I'm quite anal when it comes to smoking, I don't tolerate it, but that's my view.
“It was a town planning application to seek approval for a particular use on land within the city – that use is permitted on the property within our central area.
“It doesn't contravene our town planning scheme, it does not contravene any State legislation covering smoking of tobacco products, so it was completely compliant with legislation and therefore the city had no alternative but to approve it.
“It was simply a matter of applying the town planning scheme and State legislation and it followed due process which is what our job is as elected members.”
Ms Payet – speaking on behalf of the WA Cancer Councils, St John of God Hospital and the health service – told the council the “current and future health status” of the Bunbury community was of significant concern with high hospital rates directly contributed to tobacco smoking.
“Since the city of Bunbury smoking rates amongst adults are approximately 18 per cent – that is 6 six per cent higher than the State rate – it would seem that the need to drive down smoking rates in the Bunbury community should be a priority,” they said.
“City of Bunbury officers will be aware of the WA Department of Health requirement for local public health planning in Local Government.
“Although the requirement for this public health planning will not come into effect until part five of the public health act is implemented in possible four years' time, some forward thinking South West local governments have commenced producing their public health plans.
“Allowing this shisha area in Bunbury will undermine and inhibit this future City of Bunbury public health plan.
“It will set a precedent for future developments of a similar nature and impede the City of Bunbury Public Health Plan progress.
“Allowing a shisha area also undermines any broader efforts to reduce smoking and uptake, in particular amongst young people.
“The proposed area is easily seen from Victoria Street and in a location where young adults frequent during the day and seek entertainment by night, hence contributing to the likely and opportunistic experimentation of shisha and to the normalisation of smoking.”
“With no food or drink permitted, it effectively becomes a smoking room.”
“We appeal to council to continue and consider the short and long term impact of their decision with respect to health of our local community and visitors to Bunbury, future public health planning and the impost on city resources to ensure compliance.”
Those who spoke in favour of the proposal said they sympathised with the health industry's views, but it was a planning decision.
Tempers flared on Tuesday night when Cr Betty McCleary tried to link the issue to Bunbury being “named and shamed” with its methamphetamine use and Cr Sam Morris likening it to their store – Taffys – selling peanuts which they said could “kill a person in three minutes”.
Julia Russell, 22, of the 741st Missile Security Forces Squadron was arrested last week in Tulare, California for kidnapping, assault with a deadly weapon, robbery, and conspiracy to commit a felony.
According to Tulare Police, on November 30th at approximately 9 P.M. officers were dispatched to the area of State Route 137 and Road 68 regarding a female that had been assaulted. The victim stated they were taken against their will, assaulted and robbed of their property by the suspects.
There were two other women involved in the incident, they are Christina Mills, 28, of Tulare, and Danielle Russell 26 of Tulare.
All three woman face the same charges. Police say there is a suspected motive, but will not be released at this time to protect the integrity of the case as it is still under investigation.
Malmstrom Airforce Base has no comment on the incident but said they will have a statement within the week. We will update you with more information as it becomes available.
Peconic Crossing, a mixed-income rental building under construction in Riverhead, is nearing completion and should be ready for residents to move in by July, developers said Wednesday.
The Community Development Corp. of Long Island and Conifer Realty LLC will hold a lottery at Riverhead Town Hall on Friday at 10 a.m. to select the building's residents. The Community Development Corp. said it received more than 700 applications by the May 25 deadline.
The 45-unit building on West Main Street is open to those earning from 50 percent to 90 percent of the area median income, or up to $76,160 for two people. Rents range from $976 for a one-bedroom apartment to $1,562 for a two-bedroom unit.
Preference will be given to artists and those displaced by storms such as Sandy and Hurricane Irene. The building includes laundry, a fitness center and gallery space for local artists.
The building was financed in part by loans from Suffolk County and the Empire State Development Fund, $4.5 million in federal storm recovery funds, more than $9 million in low-income housing tax credits and a grant from the New York State Energy Research and Development Authority. Financing also was provided by Capital One, the Community Development Trust and the Community Development Corp.
More information is available at http://www.coniferllc.com/properties/entry/view/217-peconic-crossing.
Starbucks CEO in Philadelphia as protests resume at Center City Starbucks where two black men were arrested
Starbucks CEO in Philadelphia as protests resume at Center City Starbucks where two black men were arrested Apr 15
Andrew Seidman covers politics in the Philadelphia region, focusing on power brokers. Previously, they covered New Jersey state government and politics.
Bridget Kelly, an ex-aide to former N.J. Gov. Chris Christie, appeared before a federal appeals court in Philadelphia Tuesday to appeal their conviction in the Bridgegate scandal.
Chris Christie is no longer governor of New Jersey, but the political scandal that helped derail their bid for the White House hasn't gone away.
Four and a half years after Christie loyalists caused notorious traffic jams near the George Washington Bridge, lawyers are still debating whether the bizarre scheme crossed the line from political retribution to federal crime. A class-action lawsuit is also pending.
On Tuesday, attorneys for two of the former Christie allies who executed the plot appeared before a three-judge panel of the federal appeals court in Philadelphia in a bid to toss the convictions and spare their clients from prison.
Christie, who completed their second term in January, has moved on. The former Republican presidential hopeful now collects a check from ABC News, where he's an analyst, and has commissioned an Australian artist to take their official portrait — to the tune of $85,000 in taxpayer money.
Their personal attorney in the affair known as Bridgegate, Christopher A. Wray, has jumped to a new controversy as director of the FBI. Another former Christie attorney, Craig Carpenito, who represented the governor against a citizen's complaint of official misconduct, is now the U.S. attorney for the district of New Jersey.
David Wildstein, the former Christie ally turned government star witness, pleaded guilty in 2015 and was sentenced last year to three years of probation. They live in Florida with their family and regularly breaks news on New Jersey politics on a news website — with the occasional roast of their former political patron. Wildstein teamed up in the venture with Ken Kurson, a close associate of Jared Kushner, President Trump's son-in-law and senior adviser. Another top Christie aide whose name came up repeatedly at trial, former campaign manager Bill Stepien, works in the White House as Trump's political director.
And yet on Tuesday, there were Bill Baroni and Bridget Anne Kelly, spending another day in court.
Baroni, former deputy executive director of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, and Kelly, Christie's former deputy chief of staff, were convicted in November 2016 of conspiracy, obtaining by fraud and misusing Port Authority resources, wire fraud, and civil rights violations.
A federal judge in Newark sentenced Baroni to two years in prison, and Kelly, to 18 months. They are free on bail while they appeal.
Their chief offense, according to prosecutors: reducing access lanes available to Fort Lee, Bergen County, residents from three to one, snarling traffic near the world's busiest bridge and causing four days of gridlock in September 2013. Their goal: to punish Fort Lee Mayor Mark Sokolich for their refusal to endorse Christie's reelection campaign that year.
Baroni, Kelly, and Wildstein conspired to cover up the scheme by saying the lane reductions were part of a “traffic study,” the jury found.
Even as the three appellate judges probed the various legal arguments for two hours Tuesday morning, they couldn't help but raise the peculiar nature of the case.
If the Christie aides wanted to send a political message to the mayor, mused Judge Thomas L. Ambro, why not cause traffic jams for just one day, instead of four? “You might not have been here today if this had just gone on for one day,” they said, noting that by then the traffic had already generated publicity.
“I don't really know the answer to the question,” replied Yaakov Roth, an attorney for Kelly.
“It's like, overkill on overkill,” Ambro added as Baroni, dressed in a crisp blue suit, sat attentively a couple rows back from the defense table. (The three prosecutors who tried the case observed the proceeding from the back of courtroom.)
The whole thing may have been stupid, defense attorneys conceded, but it wasn't a crime.
“From a moral perspective, I think it would be fair for your honors or the jury… to conclude that that was bad, that it was wrongful, that it was unjustifiable,” Michael A. Levy, an attorney for Baroni, told the panel. “That is not the standard for a federal crime, however.”
Christie's approval ratings plummeted, and the principal actors were fired, Levy noted. “The normal, ordinary political process took hold,” they said.
Defense attorneys challenged the government's case on several legal fronts. First, they said, there isn't a clearly established constitutional right to intrastate travel. Thus, Baroni and Kelly didn't violate Fort Lee residents' civil rights, the attorneys said. Plus, the bridge was never closed. Instead, the lanes were realigned such that Fort Lee residents could only access one toll booth; two other lanes that had historically been dedicated to Fort Lee were now available to motorists approaching the bridge from a different highway.
Defense attorneys also argued that Baroni and Kelly didn't misapply Port Authority resources for unauthorized use. As deputy executive director, Baroni had the authority to realign the lanes, Levy said. And they didn't misapply the property for personal use — the lanes were simply diverted to a different set of motorists.
That Baroni and Kelly may have been motivated by politics instead of serving the public interest doesn't mean they committed a crime, their lawyers said, arguing their actions were similar to that of a mayor who used city resources to pave streets in their neighborhood.
What would rise to a crime, Roth said, was if that same mayor used city resources to pave their private driveway. The prosecution's interpretation of the law would create an “all-purpose political ethics code for every state and local official in the country,” Roth said.
At least one of the judges, Ambro, expressed skepticism that Baroni had the authority to close the lanes. “Nobody was authorized” to do that, Ambro said, citing trial testimony.
Bruce P. Keller, an assistant U.S. attorney, said the defendants missed the point. Kelly and Baroni had to deceive subordinates and the public about the true purpose of the lane closures in order to carry out their mission, Keller said.
The purported traffic study “was an absolute fraud used to obtain the property of the Port Authority,” they said.
Christie, for their part, doesn't think their former aides should go to prison. “Listen, I think what they did was stupid and I think they deserve to be fired,” they said in a January interview with NJTV. “And I think they deserve to not get an opportunity to work in government again. But, I don't think either one of them belong in jail…this wasn't a crime.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
By The Associated Press
BOSTON (91)
Tatum 4-7 0-0 11, Horford 7-15 2-2 18, Baynes 3-6 0-0 6, Irving 4-12 5-5 16, Brown 5-11 2-3 12, Ojeleye 2-4 0-0 5, Theis 1-5 0-0 2, Smart 4-10 4-6 12, Larkin 1-2 1-2 3, Rozier 2-7 0-0 6. Totals 33-79 14-18 91.
DETROIT (81)
Johnson 2-5 0-0 5, Harris 5-15 6-6 19, Drummond 1-5 4-6 6, Jackson 0-9 2-2 2, Bradley 5-16 0-0 12, Bullock 1-1 0-1 2, Moreland 0-0 0-0 0, Tolliver 6-9 0-0 15, Marjanovic 0-1 2-2 2, Galloway 0-2 0-0 0, Smith 5-13 1-2 11, Kennard 3-8 0-0 7. Totals 28-84 15-19 81.
Boston 29 15 29 18—91 Detroit 21 16 22 22—81
3-Point Goals_Boston 11-30 (Irving 3-4, Tatum 3-5, Rozier 2-5, Horford 2-7, Ojeleye 1-3, Theis 0-1, Baynes 0-1, Brown 0-2, Smart 0-2), Detroit 10-33 (Tolliver 3-6, Harris 3-9, Bradley 2-7, Johnson 1-2, Kennard 1-5, Galloway 0-2, Jackson 0-2). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_Boston 50 (Baynes 13), Detroit 46 (Drummond 15). Assists_Boston 16 (Horford 6), Detroit 14 (Smith 5). Total Fouls_Boston 18, Detroit 16. Technicals_Jackson, Drummond, Detroit coach Pistons (Defensive three second). A_18,776 (21,000).
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
There's an experiment underway at a few top universities around the world to make some master's degrees out there more affordable.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, for example, says the class of 2018 can get a master's degree in supply chain management for more than $20,000 off of the university's normal price, which runs upwards of $67,000 for the current year academic year.
But it's not as simple as sending in a coupon with your tuition bill.
It's called a "MicroMasters." MIT, Columbia University, the University of Michigan and the Rochester Institute of Technology are among a dozen or so universities globally that are giving this online program a shot.
It's not a full degree, but a sort of certificate, and can be a step toward a degree — and offers benefits for both students and the schools.
What's in it for students: Lower cost
Let's take Danaka Porter as an example. She's a 31-year-old business consultant from Vancouver, British Columbia, and says a master's degree was exactly what they needed to boost their career.
"I found that people were a little bit more respected, I guess, once they had their master's, because it was like they had taken that next step to go a little bit further," they say.
But they couldn't afford to stop working and become a full-time student again. They own a house, they say, and "I have bills, and all of that stuff that doesn't stop because I wanted to go to school."
When a friend told them that MIT was piloting its first partially online master's degree in supply chain management, they signed up.
The tuition for a year in the master's of supply chain management costs $67,938. Them MicroMasters certification, though, is just $1,350.
It's called a MicroMasters because it isn't a full degree, just a step toward one, though Porter says the coursework is just as rigorous as if they were on MIT's campus in Cambridge.
"It requires a lot of effort, and if you don't have a background in math, engineering or supply chain it's not a breeze. Like, we do have people that fail," they say.
Even if they pass the certification, Porter will still need to complete a semester in residence at full cost if they want to finish their graduate degree. It's part of what MIT calls the "blended" program — online and on-campus.
Getting accepted is no easy task. MIT says it expects to admit 40 students a year into the blended program.
Some top schools from around the world are on board with MIT.
There's user experience research and design from the University of Michigan; entrepreneurship from the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore; and artificial intelligence from Columbia University, among others.
Even if students don't go for a full master's, the online course work can make them more appealing to employers.
Industry leaders who say they can't find enough qualified candidates are looking for very specific skills like the ones being taught. GE, Walmart, IBM and Volvo have recognized MicroMasters and are encouraging their employees and job applicants to take these courses.
Some students who are enrolled in MIT's on-campus program wish these online courses had been available to them before spending big on their degrees.
"If this was an option, I think I would have considered it," says Veronica Stolear, a graduate student at MIT from Caracas, Venezuela. They quit their job in the oil industry to earn their master's in supply chain management. Ultimately, though, they think their on-campus experience will pay off.
"The in-campus program is more expensive, but you're getting also the experience of living in Boston, interacting with people from MIT that might not be in supply chain but might be in like the business school and like other types of departments," they say.
What's in it for schools: getting the best applicants
Admission officers at MIT say they'll weigh applicants' performance in these online courses before admitting them to the full master's program.
Anant Agarwal, an MIT professor and CEO of the online-learning platform edX, which makes these online courses possible, sees the MicroMasters programs as a way to filter the applicant pool.
"When you get applications from people all over the world, it's often a crap-shoot," they say. "You don't know the veracity of the recommendation letters or the grades. And so you're taking a bet very often."
And Agarwal says that should give MIT and other institutions a better sense of how students will perform — if they're lucky enough to get in.
Steve Spagnuolo knows that when it comes to Landon Collins' injury, there is one very unreliable source for information.
“He's going to tell you he's going to play all the time, which is what they just told me,” the interim head coach said of their conversation with Collins on Monday. “We'll see as the week goes and how much work we can get out of him, but he's a little gimpy right now.”
Collins aggravated their left ankle in Sunday's loss to the Cowboys. The safety already had been dealing with a sprain to that ankle for most of the season. They left the locker room on Sunday in a protective boot and had tests on Monday.
Letting Collins play in the remaining games with a damaged ankle might not be the wisest decision given their significance to whatever shape the Giants wind up taking in 2018, but Spagnuolo said no decision has yet been made on shutting them down with three games left.
“The thing you have to be careful with Landon is sometimes you've got to protect Landon from himself,” Spagnuolo said. “But we'll see.”
Pugh getting 2nd opinion
Justin Pugh will visit back specialist Dr. Robert Watkins in Los Angeles on Wednesday for a second opinion on an injury that has forced them to miss five games this season and could sideline them for the rest of the year. The Giants do not believe Pugh requires surgery, but Watkins will give their appraisal.
Spagnuolo said no decision will be made on placing the versatile offensive lineman on season-ending injured reserve “until they get the second opinion that he's having done.”
Subscribe to Sports Now newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Giant steps
WR Darius Powe played through their broken foot to finish their NFL debut on Sunday. He'll have no chance to play through it the rest of the season. Powe was placed on IR and will undergo surgery. They caught two passes for 13 yards against the Cowboys . . . DT Khyri Thornton was waived. They were signed by the Giants on Nov. 29 and was inactive for the two games they were with the team . . . TE Matt LaCosse was signed by the Broncos off the Giants' practice squad. LaCosse first signed with the Giants as an undrafted rookie in 2015.
Please support Whaleoil.
Click Here to subscribe to an ad-free Whaleoil.
Be part of making sure Whaleoil's voice continues.
Long Island's unemployment rate rose to 4.6 percent in March, from 4.2 percent in March 2017, state data released Tuesday show.
So far this year, the jobless rate has risen every month when compared with a year earlier.
The number of employed residents fell by 22,400 to 1.4 million, the Labor Department numbers showed. Meanwhile, the number of unemployed Long Islanders rose by 3,900 to 66,800.
Though the data suggest a "deterioration" in the employment market, the numbers could reflect a shortage of qualified workers, said Shital Patel, labor-market analyst in the department's Hicksville office. That, coupled with a rising number of baby boomer retirees, may have left employers scrambling to find workers, they said.
"Anecdotally, companies across a variety of sectors are hiring and have been reporting having trouble finding qualified workers,” Patel said. "The aging of the region's workforce may be putting some downward pressure on the labor force,” they said.
A different set of data, released by the department last week, showed that the Island had 17,300 more jobs last month than it had a year earlier. That followed a February report showing a 16,300-job year-over-year increase.
Those job numbers from last week were based on a survey of Long Island businesses. Today's data on the unemployment rate are derived from a census household survey of Island residents, regardless of where they work.
Get the Biz Briefing newsletter! The latest LI business news in your inbox Monday through Friday. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
On Long Island, Southampton Town's 7 percent jobless rate was the highest, and is generally pushed up by seasonal factors this time of year. Oyster Bay Town and the Village of Rockville Centre had the lowest — 3.8 percent.
The department uses year-over-year comparisons because local data aren't adjusted to account for seasonal fluctuations in employment.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Check out our gallery of fans pictures from Cambridge United's 2-1 loss at home to Carlisle in Sky Bet League Two.
If a picture of you is highlighted with a white circle, you've won two tickets to a U's home game courtesy of club shirt sponsor Mick George Ltd.
To claim your tickets, email a picture of yourself to sport@cambridge-news.co.uk along with your name, address, phone number and email address.
The deadline for claiming your prize is 12pm on Thursday, August 17.
Every team in the NFL has at least made one addition since the start of free agency last week.
Every team, save for the Dallas Cowboys.
The Cowboys have had added no one while losing cornerback Orlando Scandrick (Washington Redskins), linebacker Anthony Hitchens (Kansas City Chiefs), fullback Keith Smith (Oakland Raiders) and linebacker Kyle Wilber (Oakland Raiders).
But that is seemingly about to change as the Cowboys have scheduled visits early this week with offensive tackles Cameron Fleming and LaAdrian Waddle, guard Marcus Martin and receivers Justin Hunter and Dontrelle Inman, according to sources.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
This is generally when the Cowboys do their business, at the start of the second wave of free agency when the prices are cheaper.
Fleming, who played with the New England Patriots the last four seasons, is set the visit the team's headquarters at the Star in Frisco Monday and Tuesday.
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 333 Hall of Famer Drew Pearson says the 2018 NFL Draft will be the best in history Pause 99 Who will the Cowboys draft in the first round? Here are the players the pundits are predicting 85 Ron Jaworski on Dak Prescott's "down" year 164 Super Bowl LII: Can this crocodile get revenge against the New England Patriots with their Super Bowl pick? 103 Oakland Raiders react on 4th-down index card ruling 45 Here are the top playmakers in the Packers' win over the Cowboys 36 Cowboys donate time, merch to Hurricane Harvey evacuees 247 Brad Sham's top five players during the Jerry Jones era 70 Jerry Jones' Hall of Fame journey 79 Stephen Jones says Cowboys QB Dak Prescott is committed to taking their game to another level Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
The Dallas Cowboys have the 19th pick in the 2018 NFL Draft on April 26-28. These are the 15 guys most likely to end up in Dallas, according to draft experts. Lena Blietzlblietz@star-telegram.com
The Cowboys have a need for a swing tackle after disappointing turns by Chaz Green and Byron Bell in 2017. But the interest in Fleming and Waddle, who played with the Patriots, could be a sign that right tackle La'el Collins could be moving back to guard.
Again, the Cowboys need to improve the depth at tackle behind Collins and left tackle Tyron Smith.
But this could also be an indication that the team believes the unit is stronger with Collins at guard to protect the middle of the pocket along with center Travis Frederick and guard Zack Martin.
Marcus Martin could replace free agent guard/center Joe Looney as the primary interior backup.
The interest in Hunter and Inman should have no bearing on the future of top receiver Dez Bryant.
Inman's best season was in 2016 when they had 58 catches for 810 yards and four touchdowns with the San Diego Chargers. They spent 2017 with the Chicago Bears, catching just 25 passes for 343 yards and touchdown in seven starts.
 They are a fourth receiver at best.
Hunter, 29, has had just 14 catches the past two seasons in playing parts of 19 games with the Pittsburgh Steelers and Buffalo Bills.
By The Associated Press
GLENDALE, Ariz. (AP) — Twins delivered 10 minutes apart at an Arizona hospital over the New Year's weekend have different birth years.
Phoenix TV station KNXV-TV reports (http://bit.ly/2i0Ib1q) that parents Holly and Brandon Shay welcomed their first son, Sawyer, into the world at 11:51 p.m. Saturday at Banner Hospital.
Their second son, Everett, arrived one minute after midnight on Sunday.
The father joked that Sawyer will tease their brother about being the older sibling.
The same thing happened over the weekend in San Diego.
Twin girls born at Sharp Mary Birch Hospital for Women & Newborns were delivered at 11:56 p.m. Saturday and at midnight on Sunday.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Lucknow: Rashtriya Lok Dal's Tabassum Hasan took a lead of over 18,000 votes in the Kairana Lok Sabha by-election in Uttar Pradesh after the fifth round of counting, officials said.
Tabassum Hasan polled 1,13,742 votes while their nearest rival Mriganka Singh got 95,577 votes, SDM Shamli K.P Singh said.
The Kairana seat had fallen vacant following the death of Mriganka Singh's father, BJP MP Hukum Singh.
Hasan is also supported by the Congress, Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party.
In the Noorpur assembly be-election in the state, Samajwadi Party's Naeemul Hasan took a lead of over 4,000 votes.
Counting of votes for the Kairana Lok Sabha and Noorpur Assembly by-elections in Uttar Pradesh began this morning amid tight security arrangements.
Polling for the high-stakes by-elections to the two constituencies was held on Monday.
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) — A New Mexico judge ordered sanctions against the city of Albuquerque after finding the police department failed to preserve vital evidence in the lawsuit involving a woman fatally shot by an officer.
Judge Nan Nash granted the request for sanctions on Thursday from the family of 19-year-old Mary Hawkes, who was shot by former officer Jeremy Dear in 2014.
Because of the judge's order, the jury at trial will be instructed that the shooting of Hawkes was unreasonable as a matter of law.
Attorneys representing the woman's family said the judge's order means that the jury will focus only on damages.
"The jury will be charged to decide not whether this was wrong, but rather the value of their life," attorney Shannon Kennedy told the Albuquerque Journal.
Attorneys for the city said that they disagree with the judge's order and the question on whether the officer's actions were justified should be left for the jury.
The evidence at the center of the argument is a series of video recordings and cameras that failed to record the fatal shooting. Dear has said their camera was was unplugged during the shooting, and other officers have cited camera malfunctions for the lack of recordings of the encounter. The police department did not preserve the faulty cameras as evidence.
As a result, the judge said the plaintiffs did not have access to the best evidence.
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. (AP) — The snow sure suits Shady.
LeSean McCoy scored on a 21-yard run with 1:33 left in overtime to secure the Buffalo Bills' 13-7 win over the Indianapolis Colts on Sunday in a wintry, white-out setting best suited for snow shoes and sled dogs.
Mush!
They finished with 156 yards rushing, a career-best in their two-plus seasons in Buffalo. And it came nearly four years to the day the former Philadelphia running back set the Eagles franchise record with 217 yards rushing, also in a snowstorm.
“Is that right?” McCoy said when reminded of their feat.
“This is probably the best snow game I have ever played in,” they said. “Now, I'm no expert at it. I just run how I feel. And that's what I did today.”
McCoy's touchdown led to the Bills' sideline erupting in celebration. Some players ran on the field to make snow angels . Others playfully engaged in snowball fights.
And then there was McCoy, who was mobbed by numerous teammates in the corner of the stands, where fans tossed up handfuls of snow as if it was confetti.
McCoy's touchdown capped Buffalo's second possession of overtime, and after receiver Deonte Thompson reached to their right to make a 35-yard catch while being interfered with by Kenny Moore.
Three plays later, facing third-and-2, McCoy burst through the middle, made a cut to their left and ran untouched into the end zone.
“Buffalo weather, right?” Bills coach Sean McDermott said. “I've been part of some wind and some rain games. I think we had all but sun today.”
There was even a dose of “thundersnow,” a meteorological event that occasionally accompanies lake-effect enhanced snowstorm. Thunder rumbled and lightning flashed early in the third quarter, but the game was not stopped.
As much as two feet of snow was in the forecast when the storm hit about 90 minutes before kickoff. Within an hour, the flakes fell so fast that fans sitting in New Era Field's east-end stands were unable to make out the large video scoreboard directly across from them.
Punted balls stuck in the snow. Colts receiver Chester Rogers disappeared into a snowbank in the end zone after being unable to stop on a deep pass from Jacoby Brissett. Rogers made the catch, but couldn't keep both feet inbounds.
A parade of stadium workers regularly made their way on the field with snow blowers on their backs to uncover the yard lines.
So much snow accumulated on the roof of the first-level suites that fans began building snowmen.
Mother Nature played havoc with any semblance of a game plan, leaving both teams to lean heavily on their running attacks.
McCoy upped their season total to 1,007 in reaching the 1,000-yard mark for the sixth time of their 13-year career.
The Colts were led by Frank Gore, who finished with 130 yards rushing on a career-high 36 carries.
Buffalo (7-6) stayed alive in the AFC playoff picture, while the Colts (3-10) were mathematically eliminated from playoff contention.
“Tough one to say the least. I'm so disappointed and sick for these guys,” Colts coach Chuck Pagano said.
After squandering double-digit leads in the second half four times already this season, the Colts found a different way to blow an outcome.
First, there was an offensive pass interference penalty against Colts receiver Kamar Aiken to negate what would've been a two-point conversion with 1:16 left. It happened after Brissett capped a 19-play, 77-yard march with a 3-yard touchdown to Jack Doyle.
That led to the Colts scrambling to settle for a 43-yard extra point into the wind. Indianapolis used its final timeout for players to clear a spot for Adam Vinatieri.
The NFL's oldest player hit a 43-yard wobbler that hooked in from the right and just sneaked over the crossbar.
Vinatieri, however, missed a field-goal wide left from the exact same spot with 1 second remaining after the Colts regained possession when Matthias Farley intercepted Webb's pass over the middle with 52 seconds left.
Pagano blamed themselves for the missed field goal.
“End of the game, that's on me. We should've won that thing,” Pagano said. “They deserve better.”
QUARTERBACKS
Colts: Brissett went 11 of 22 for 69 yards and had three carries for 10 yards.
Bills: Rookie Nathan Peterman went 5 of 10 for 57 yards before being sidelined by a head injury late in the third quarter. Peterman started in place of Tyrod Taylor, who was sidelined by a bruised left knee in a 23-3 loss to New England last weekend. Webb finished 2 of 6 for 35 yards and an interception.
ON THE RUN
Gore finished with a career-high 36 carries for 130 yards. It was their first 100-yard game in 15 outings, since gaining 101 yards in a 34-6 win at Miami on Dec. 12. It was also Gore's 42nd career 100-yard game, tying them with O.J. Simpson for 16th on the NFL list.
The 97 combined rushing attempts were the most in an NFL game since the Chiefs and Bears combined for 100 attempts in Week 10 of the 1981 season.
UP NEXT
Colts: Host Denver Broncos on Thursday night.
Bills: Close out home schedule hosting Miami Dolphins on Dec. 17.
___
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
SEATTLE (AP) — A man who was brought to the U.S. illegally as a child but was protected from deportation by the Obama administration has been taken into custody in the Seattle area in what could be the first case of its kind in the country.
Daniel Ramirez Medina, 23, was arrested Friday by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents who went to the suburban Seattle home to arrest the man's father. ICE spokesperson Rose Richeson said in a statement that agents were there targeting a “prior-deported felon.”
Ramirez, however, was brought to the U.S. from Mexico when they were 7 and has a work permit under Obama's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program. They also have a job, a young son and no criminal record, Northwest Immigrants Rights Project Legal Director Matt Adams said. Ramirez is being held in Tacoma.
Richeson said Ramirez told agents they were a gang member and based on those statements and being a “risk to public safety,” they were taken into custody.
But Mark Rosenbaum, one of Ramirez's lawyers, responded later Tuesday that Ramirez “unequivocally denies being in a gang” and that the statement from Richeson is inaccurate.
“While in custody, they were repeatedly pressured by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents to falsely admit afiliation,” Rosenbaum said.
Adams said Ramirez is the first person they know of with DACA status who has been detained.
“This appears to be a complete one-off. We certainly haven't seen this with our other hundreds of clients who have DACA status as well.”
Attorneys for Ramirez challenged their detention in federal court in Seattle Monday, arguing the arrest violates their constitutional rights to live and work in this country without the fear of arrest and deportation so long as they satisfy DACA requirements.
“Trust in our government depends upon the Executive Branch keeping its word,” Ramirez attorney Mark Rosenbaum, director of Public Counsel's Opportunity Under Law Project, said in a statement. “Bait and switch sullies the integrity of our nation's core values.”
Emily Langley, a spokesperson for the US attorney's office in Seattle, said Tuesday afternoon it would be premature to comment on the lawsuit.
Recent sweeps by U.S. immigration agents across multiple states have netted some immigrants with no criminal records, a departure from enforcement actions in the last decade. Under the Obama administration, agents focused more narrowly on individuals who posed a security or public safety threat.
President Donald Trump made illegal immigration a cornerstone of their campaign, saying they will build a wall along the Mexican border and deport millions of people, although actual plans have yet to be revealed. They have said they want to focus on people who have committed crimes.
During an interview with Time magazine late last year, Trump expressed sympathy for the more than 740,000 people in the DACA program, which started in 2012.
“We're going to work something out that's going to make people happy and proud,” they told the magazine.
Trump can withdraw the promised protection right away through an “operational memo” because Obama implemented it through one, William Stock, president of the American Immigration Lawyers Association, said previously.
Adams said they believe Ramirez was apprehended by mistake.
“I don't think this has to do with any change in policy; I just think it was an enforcement procedure gone wrong,” Adams said. “Hopeful they're going to come to their senses.”
Comments
comments
Letshego Holdings Limited, Africa's leading financial inclusive finance group, has acquired a 100 per cent stake in afb Ghana Plc, a payroll lending company.
Letshego, a Botswana company with market capitalisation of $500 million with presence in eleven African companies, plans leverage on the afb Ghana's wide presence and expertise to provide inclusive financial services for the underserved in the country.
Announcing the acquisition in Accra, the Group Chief Operating Officer (COO) of Letshego Holding Limited, Ms Duduetsang Olsen-Namanyane said their outfit had met with all the regulatory requirements and the Securities and Exchange Commission had approved the acquisition.
They said Letshego Holdings Limited comes to Ghana with more than twenty years' experience in providing cutting-edge financial solutions to meet the financial needs of the customers in the countries the company was operating.
The COO said, the company listed on the Botswana Stock Exchange has presence in eleven African countries, namely Botswana, Ghana, Kenya, Lesotho, Mozambique, Namibia, Nigeria, Rwanda, Swaziland, Tanzania and Uganda.
Ms Olsen-Namanyane said the objective of Letshego Holdings Limited was to bring diversified financial services to meet the financial needs of Ghanaians.
They said Letshego would not only focus on the formal sector workers, but the informal sector and provide them with access to simple, appropriate and accessible financial solutions.
Ms Olsen-Namanyane said Letshego would focus on agri-business, education, health, and the housing sectors and developed tailor-made financial products for those sectors.
The COO said Letshego would also give priority to skills development to build the capacity of staff of the company to be able to deliver exceptional services to customers.
Asked what motivated Letshego to acquire AFB Ghana, Ms Olsen Namanyane said afb Ghana's vision, service delivery, and growth strategy were in line with that of Letshego Holdings Limited.
The Board Chairman of AFB Ghana, Blaise Mankwa said the acquisition of Letshego Group would empower afb Ghana to deliver growth and good returns for shareholders of the company.
“We will look to ensure we are capacitated to provide access to needs-driven financial solutions anytime, anywhere, without compromising a zero-tolerance approach to non-compliance, and upholding high standards of governance and risk management,” they said.
The Managing Director of afb Ghana, Arnold Parker said their outfit which was established seven years ago, as payroll lender currently has 26 branches across the country with more than 50,000 customers.
They said the company over the years had supported many public sector workers to acquire land and put up their own houses.
Mr Parker said they were excited, Letshego Holdings Limited, strong financial inclusion company had taken over afb Ghana to align the operations of the two companies to deliver on providing financial services to the underserved in Ghana.
They said the vision of Letshego was to become a leading financial inclusion company in Africa and the best financial company in Ghana in the next five years.
Mr Parker said the company would continue to develop innovative products to meet the needs of customers, saying their outfit had developed a savings product with an interest rate above inflation rate.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HOFFMAN ESTATES, Ill. -- Claire's has filed for bankruptcy. The hub for ear piercings at malls across America are the latest retailer to succumb to its massive pile of debt.
Claire's, which says it has pierced more than 100 million ears around the world, reached a restructuring agreement with its creditors. In a Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing on Monday, Claire's said it will reduce its debt by $1.9 billion. It held $2.1 billion in debt at the end of 2017.
The company will continue to operate its approximately 1,600 Claire's and Icing brand stores in the United States during the bankruptcy process and expects to complete it by September. International stores are not part of the restructuring agreement.
"This transaction substantially reduces the debt on our balance sheet," Claire's CEO Ron Marshall said in a statement. "We will complete this process as a healthier, more profitable company." Marshall came from now-defunct bookstore chain Borders.
Claire's struggles stem from a deal it struck more than a decade ago that left it burdened with debt.
In 2007, Apollo Management, a private equity firm, bought Claire's for $3.1 billion and took the company private in what's known as a leveraged buyout.
Claire's could never escape its debt load. As traffic slowed to its brick-and-mortar stores, shoppers moved to digital channels and fast fashion chains such as H&M, Zara and Forever 21 chipped away at sales.
Claire's joins a long line of retailers that have filed for bankruptcy in recent years, including Toys "R" Us, Payless Shoes, Gymboree, Rue21, The Limited and RadioShack.
Toys "R" Us, another company left deep in debt from a leveraged buyout, said last week that it was liquidating its 735 stores in the United States.
Claire's believes a lighter balance sheet will help it avoid Toys "R" Us' fate and still remain a "Girl's Best Friend." And the company says its business is Amazon-proof because you can't pierce your ears online.
× Today Is Tax Day. Here's What You Need to Know
NEW YORK — When it comes to filing your taxes, today is not the day to dawdle.
Tax returns are due today — April 18, 2017 — as is any remaining money you owe to Uncle Sam for 2016.
So if you still have an unpaid balance for last year, you'll have to act fast to avoid getting penalized.
The best thing you can do is file your 2016 tax return or at least file for an automatic six-month extension.
If you don't do either, you'll be hit with a failure-to-file penalty. That will amount to 5% of your unpaid taxes for every month — or part of a month — that you don't file for up to five months. So that penalty will cap out at 25% of your unpaid taxes.
On top of that, you'll be subject to a failure-to-pay penalty, which amounts to 0.5% of your unpaid taxes every month, for up to 50 months, for a maximum of 25% of your outstanding balance.
Did we mention interest? On top of these penalties, you'll also be charged interest on your unpaid taxes starting on April 19.
Here's what you should do if you owe money but still haven't filed:
At least file something.
As the IRS helpfully notes, “the failure-to-file penalty is 10 times more than the failure-to-pay penalty. So if you can't pay in full, you should file your tax return and pay as much as you can.” Or at least file for an extension and include some payment with it.
Learn what your payment options are.
The IRS has a number of payment plans available if you can't pay all that you owe.
If you owe more than $10,000, you might consider hiring a tax attorney, enrolled agent or CPA with experience setting up payment plans to represent you.
“The more that is owed to the IRS, the more complicated it becomes to negotiate with the government,” according to Garrett and Deborah Gregory, two former IRS attorneys who wrote the “Guide to IRS Collections for Liabilities under $10,000.”
Filing may help you avoid a late-payment penalty
If you've already paid at least 90% of the taxes you owe for 2016, you may be spared the late-payment penalty so long as you at least file for an extension. You will, however, still owe interest on your unpaid balance until it's paid off.
If you're reading this and thinking I don't have to file today because I probably don't owe any more money, file anyway. What if you're wrong and it turns out you do owe money? If you don't file your return or apply for an extension, you'll get hit with the penalties above plus interest.
Second, if you're owed a refund, why wait? The average refund the IRS has paid out so far this year is $2,850.
President and First Lady dance to 'Thriller' for White House trick-or-treat
VIDEO: Gun Control - Voices From Both Sides
2:06
Gloucestershire campaigners say the rest of the UK should follow Scotland's example and give free tampons to young women who struggle to afford them.
A team of volunteers at Matson Gateway Trust have already started to collect hygiene products for women who struggle to pay for what most people would consider an essential purchase.
But they say the idea proposed for Scotland is much better because it makes the products a basic right rather than charitable donation and ensures they are widely accessible to those who need them.
Labour MSP Monica Lennon's proposed members' bill would place a statutory duty on schools, colleges and universities to provide free sanitary products in their toilets as a step towards ending period poverty.
They say studies show many young woman have resorted to using socks, rolled up toilet paper or even skipping classes because cannot afford to buy tampons or towels when they have a period.
But the volunteers in Matson say it's not just students who struggle to afford such necessities and hard-up mums on low wages or benefts sometimes have to choose between feeding their children or buying period products for themselves.
They have set up a scheme to provide free sanitary products at Matson Gateway and volunteer Samantha Lee said: “I think what's happening in Scotland is a good start but it needs to go further and should be brought in right across the UK.
“A few pounds may not sound like much to some people, but to others it's a large cost. It's also unfair because we don't ask to have periods, we don't have a choice about buying such things.
“Other women seem to understand and we get a lot of donations, particularly from the ladies at the WI, but people should not have to rely on handouts for such essential things.
“And it should cover all sanitary products, not just tampons. Many women are not comfortable using tampons.”
Ministers in Scotland have already awarded £42,500 to fund a trial project which will give the products free to 1,000 woman in low income households in Aberdeen
But Ms Lee said they want a universal system in Scotland which will provide free sanitary products for anyone who needs them.
In an interview with The Scotsman, they said: “We must go much further to help women and girls across the country who are facing a monthly struggle to access the products they need."
The Matson campaigners have free tampons and pads in the toilets at Matson Gateway and other drop off and pick up points include the Redwell Centre, Matson Baptist Church and GL Communities.
For more information, call the Gateway team on 01452 505001.
80 % 80 Great A great way to enjoy these two films that both carry deep meanings and have interesting, well-executed ideas 8
Showcase Cinema de Lux Southampton screened a double feature of 1995's anime Ghost in the Shell and the 2017 live action film of the same name this week. These two movies, both following the same characters, have a great concept and whilst bringing forward some very interesting ideas, are not always the best-executed films.
Ghost in the Shell (1995)
Mamoru Oshii's original 1995 anime is set in the year 2029, a time where technology and humanity have begun to merge leading to the human soul becoming known as a “ghost” that can be transferred into different cybernetic bodies. The Major, Motoko Kusanagi (Atsuko Tanaka) is a cyborg who is part of a police force called Section 9. The force begins to investigate a fugitive known as “The Puppet Master” (Iemasa Kayumi) who is taking control of people's bodies for unknown reasons. As the Major and their partner Batou (Akio Ôtsuka) close in on The Puppet Master, they begin to uncover troubling secrets that lead them to question their own humanity.
For a start, Ghost in the Shell has a fantastic concept. Oshii's vision of a near future where technology and humanity have become one is not as far-fetched now as it was just over 20 years ago. The somewhat bleak looking world is wonderfully realised through beautiful animation, which gives the film a very Blade Runner-esque feel.
The film also has a great score from Kenji Kawai. It sets the tone throughout, with some long stretches of the film being accompanied by nothing but the haunting opening score in the background. These stretches are needed however as the film requires a lot of thinking. This, however, is one of Ghost in the Shell's biggest problems. The ideas and themes explored in the film, particularly those based on what it means to be human, are conveyed in a way that is very difficult to follow. The film's run-time does not allow for a thorough explanation of the world's lore and instead throws a lot of information at you in a very short amount of time. Due to this, you'd be forgiven for being confused by the film's ending and the events that led up to it.
Verdict: A thought-provoking anime that struggles to fit in all its ideas, but is still thoroughly entertaining. 4/5
Ghost in the Shell (1995), directed by Mamoru Oshii, is distributed in the UK by Shochiku, Certificate 15.
Ghost in the Shell (2017)
The live action Ghost in the Shell, which came out earlier this year, again focuses on the Major, but this time they have the name Mira Killian (Scarlett Johansson). Having their brain placed in the body of a cyborg after an accident, the Major is assigned to Section 9 to hunt the terrorist known as Kuze (Michael Pitt) who is hunting down members of Hanka Robotics' mysterious project 2571. As the Major and their team learn more about Kuze and their motives, they begin to question the nature of their identity.
Like the anime before it, Ghost in the Shell is a visual spectacle with the world from the original film fully realised here by director Rupert Sanders. That being said, the world seems a lot less bleak than the 1995 version, but this appears to be the case because we see the Major explore more than in the first movie. For a film that is mostly CGI though, the visuals are very impressive.
Scarlett Johansson is excellent in the film and successfully captures Major's lack of emotion and expression in their performance. Also great is the returning character of Batou played very well here by Pilou Asbæk. Peter Ferdinando's Cutter is not the most interesting villain, but the actor performs their role well enough to make them less cartoonish than they are written at times.
The first half of the film is unfortunately quite a bore with not a lot going on in terms of story progression. Like the anime, the problem of world building and explaining things quickly hinders the audience's understanding at times. However, the different yet more simple plot of the live action adaptation does make the story easier to follow and it has to be said that the quality significantly ramps up after Major's first confrontation with Kuze.
The film is also a great homage to the anime. Some scenes are recreated almost shot for shot, very faithfully and in a way that works for the film; nothing feels forced in. The same can be said for a few story elements that appear as well. Certain plot points and character actions are straight out of the 1995 version but are written in such a way that they make sense to the new story.
Verdict: Despite being very slow for the first half, the film is a faithful adaptation of the original and changes enough to keep it interesting by the end. 3/5
Ghost in the Shell (2017), directed by Rupert Sanders, is distributed in the UK by Paramount Pictures, Certificate 12a
Overall, watching the two Ghost in the Shell films (not including the anime's sequels), back to back is a good way to really appreciate them. Their complex ideas of what it really means to be human, as well as their relevance to today with regards to technology's role in society, makes them both very interesting films.
Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa seems like a pleasant person, but they remind us of a used car salesperson whenever he's selling their upcoming budget.
One who doesn't want you looking under the hood too closely while he's making their sales pitch.
On Thursday, Sousa boasted to The Empire Club in Toronto that their fifth budget on April 27 will demonstrate that, "Ontario is the leanest government with the lowest per-capita spending of any province."
Um, that's been true for Ontario governments going back decades.
Since Ontario has the largest population of any province, it also has the advantage of economies of scale when delivering public services.
The Bill Davis Progressive Conservative government, for example, made exactly the same boast in 1981-82 that Sousa made Thursday.
When the Liberals are in power, they always boast about delivering services at the lowest per-capita cost of any province.
When they're out of power, they always blame the party in power for not spending enough on government services. (In fairness, all parties do it.)
What Sousa didn't say is that the Liberals have more than doubled Ontario's debt to more than $300 billion since coming to power in 2003, which has made Ontario the most indebted sub-sovereign (non-national) borrower in the world.
They didn't say the auditor general and Ontario's Financial Accountability Office have warned the Liberals that they have plunged the province into precarious levels of debt.
Sousa claimed the Liberal scheme to borrow even more money from Ontario taxpayers to subsidize the electricity bills of hydro ratepayers -- even though they're the same people -- is "fairer because it doesn't ask today's generation alone to pay the entire freight."
That argument turns generations of fiscally prudent thinking -- that you don't stick future generations with huge bills to pay for today's services -- on its head.
Finally, Sousa repeated, for the umpteenth time, that this year's budget will be balanced, later adding along with "next year and the year after that."
Two problems. First, Sousa's promising to balance a budget that won't come down until after the next Ontario election in 2018.
Second, in 2003, then Liberal leader Dalton McGuinty promised before the election not to raise our taxes.
And we all remember what happened after they won.
MUZAFFARNAGAR: The Uttar Pradesh Police have carried out at least 18 encounters in the last 48 hours, arresting 25 people on its wanted-list and killing one criminal with a 25,000 rupee reward on their head in Muzaffarnagar.
In a major breakthrough, the special task force (STF) gunned down Indrapal – a native of Ghaziabad – in western UP's Muzaffarnagar. They had 33 criminal cases pending against him.
According to the police, Indrapal was involved in a shootout in Uttarakhand's Haridwar in 2013 in which a police officer was killed. They opened fire at the STF team in which a sub-inspector was also injured, police said.
The latest shootout happened at 2 am on Saturday in Kannauj district, where two police officers sustained injuries. However, the suspected criminals managed to escape, police said.
In another encounter on Friday in Gorakhpur, police arrested two wanted criminals who had a cash reward of Rs. 50,000 each on their heads. They have confessed to their role the murder of a business person Dinesh Gupta last Sunday, police said.
Defending frequent encounters in the state, top police officers, including the newly appointed Director General of Police OP Singh said the police fires only in self-defence.
“Encounters keep happening because we have to catch criminals. Encounters happen because we fire in self-defence,” said Singh at a recent press conference.
Since the Yogi Adityanath-led BJP government came to power in Uttar Pradesh in March last year there have been about 950 encounters in less than a year. More than 200 people have been arrested, over 30 have been killed.
This policy of the Uttar Pradesh police has attracted a notice by the National Human Rights Commission last November, who asked for a detailed report on killings in encounters.
“The NHRC has taken suo motu cognisance of media reports about the government of Uttar Pradesh allegedly endorsing killings in encounters by police, seeking improvement in the law and order situation in the state,” the NHRC said in a statement.
The state government, however, said a proper magisterial enquiry is conducted after every encounter.
In January 2018, an eight-year boy was killed after they were caught in a crossfire between the police and alleged criminals near Mathura, about 450 km from the state capital Lucknow.
The police team reportedly tried to negotiate with the alleged criminals but they started firing, which led to the encounter.
Researchers at the Stanford University School of Medicine have identified a pathway that, when mutated, drives fibrosis in many organs of the body.
The pathway underlies what have been considered somewhat disparate conditions, including scleroderma, idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, liver cirrhosis, kidney fibrosis and more, the researchers found. These diseases are often incurable and life-threatening.
Importantly, the researchers were able to reverse lung fibrosis in mice by administering an antibody called anti-CD47 now being tested as an anti-cancer treatment.
"The variety of diseases caused by overproduction of fibroblasts has made finding a common root cause very challenging, in part because there has been no good animal model of these conditions," said Irving Weissman, MD, professor of pathology and of developmental biology. "Now we've shown that activating a single signaling pathway in mice causes fibrosis in nearly all tissues. Blocking the CD-47 signal, which protects cancer cells from the immune system, can also ameliorate these fibrotic diseases even in the most extreme cases."
The researchers hope their findings will lead to the development of a reliable treatment of many types of fibrotic diseases. They are also planning to investigate whether the anti-CD47 antibody could be an effective treatment for people with fibrosis.
A study describing the research will be published online April 17 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. Weissman, who directs Stanford's Institute for Stem Cell Biology and Regenerative Medicine and the Ludwig Center for Cancer Stem Cell Research and Medicine, is the senior author. Gerlinde Wernig, MD, assistant professor of pathology, is the lead author.
When injury response goes astray
Fibrosis occurs when the body's normal response to injury goes astray. An overenthusiastic or inappropriately timed proliferation of cells called fibroblasts, which make up the connective tissue surrounding and supporting all of our organs, can lead to many devastating diseases. Until now, it's not been clear whether these diseases share a common biological pathway.
The researchers were building upon previous work by Wernig on a condition called myelofibrosis, or fibrosis of the bone marrow. In a mouse model they developed, they had found that fibroblasts were producing unusually high levels of an important signaling molecule called c-Jun. C-Jun is a transcription factor that drives the production of many proteins involved in critical cellular processes. It's been implicated in many types of human cancer.
In the current study, Wernig investigated c-Jun expression levels in 454 biopsied tissue samples from patients with a variety of fibrotic diseases. They found that in every case the fibroblasts from the patients with fibrosis expressed higher levels of c-Jun than did control fibroblasts collected from people with nonfibrotic conditions.
"We found that c-Jun is not just over-expressed, but it's also highly activated," Wernig said. "We wondered if its activity is necessary to maintain the disease."
Blocking the expression of c-Jun in laboratory-grown lung fibroblasts collected from people with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis substantially decreased the proliferation of these cells, but not of lung fibroblasts collected from people without fibrosis, Wernig said. Furthermore, mice genetically engineered to overexpress c-Jun in all their body's tissues developed fibrosis in nearly every organ, including lung, liver, skin and bone marrow. Finally, they also found an intriguing link to past work from the Weissman lab.
'A unifying mechanism'
"We found that c-Jun overexpression and over-activation is a unifying mechanism in many types of fibrosis," Wernig said. "But an even more exciting part of the story is the fact that we observed that the diseased, c-Jun-expressing fibroblasts are surrounded by immune cells called macrophages. This is reminiscent of what's often seen in human cancers."
Over the past eight years, researchers in Weissman's laboratory have shown that many human cancers evade the immune system by expressing high levels of a protein called CD47 on their surfaces. Blocking this protein with an anti-CD47 antibody restores the ability of the macrophages to gobble the cancer and has proven to be a promising treatment in animal models of the disease. Anti-CD47 antibody is currently undergoing a phase-1 clinical trial in humans with advanced solid tumors.
"Like in cancer, these fibroblasts are proliferating excessively beyond what should be their natural limit," Weissman said. "We therefore wondered whether they are also expressing the 'don't eat me' signal on their surfaces to protect them from the immune system."
When Wernig treated mice with c-Jun-induced lung fibrosis with daily injections of anti-CD47 antibody, the animals exhibited significantly better lung function, lived longer than their peers and cleared the fibrosis.
The researchers plan to investigate whether any patients in the phase-1 trial of the anti-CD47 antibody also suffered from any fibrotic conditions. If so, they are eager to learn whether they experienced any relief as a result of participating in the trial.
"We have hit upon something unique in this study," Wernig said. "We identified a highly activated pathway that causes fibrosis in many tissues in mice, and we've showed that treating the animals with an anti-CD47 antibody reverses the fibrosis. We're hopeful that this could be a potential treatment for people with many types of fibrotic conditions."
Wernig also tested inhibitors of other genes activated by c-Jun in the abnormal fibroblastic cells, and inhibitors of two pathways also reduced the fibrotic lesions.
"This study shows once again how basic science investigations in one field can lead to advances in what appeared to be unrelated diseases," Weissman said. "Here, our studies of human cancer have led to the discovery of the mechanisms of how other 'dangerous' cells in fibrosis escape removal by the body's scavenger cells. It shows how important it is to develop appropriate animal models of human diseases and then to use those models to identify disease-specific pathways that can be targeted."
###
Weissman is the Virginia & D.K. Ludwig Professor for Clinical Investigation in Cancer Research.  They are a member of Stanford's Bio-X, Cardiovascular Institute and Cancer Institute.
Other Stanford co-authors are postdoctoral scholars Shih-Yu Chen, MD, PhD, and Lu Cui, PhD; former undergraduate student Camille Van Neste; graduate student Jonathan Tsai; professor of pathology Neeraja Kambham, MD; professor of pathology and of pediatrics Hannes Vogel, MD; professor of pathology Yaso Natkunam, MD, PhD; and professor of microbiology and immunology Garry Nolan, PhD.
The research was supported by the National Institutes of Health (grants U01HL099999, R01CA86017, U19AI057229, U19AI100627, R33CA183654, R33CA0183692, R01GM10983601, R01CA184968, R01CA19665701, R21CA183660, R01NS08953301, 5UH2AR067676 and R01HL120724); the Department of Defense; the Food and Drug Administration; the Gates Foundation; the Virginia and D.K. Ludwig Fund for Cancer Research; the Stanford Cancer Institute; the Stanford Physician Scholar Society; the Institute for Immunity, Transplantation and Infection; Northrop-Grumman Corporation; Novartis; Pfizer; and Juno Therapeutics.
Weissman is the founder of Forty Seven Inc., which is exploring ways to use immunotherapy like the anti-CD47 antibody to fight cancer. A patent titled "Antifibrotic activity of anti-CD47 blockade" has been filed by the researchers.
Stanford's Department of Pathology also supported the work.
