The Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Office has launched a criminal investigation into several San Marcos High School students who allegedly posted threatening and derogatory comments directed at female students on a private internet chat room.
Deputies have executed three search warrants related to the investigation, seizing several items for examination, the Sheriff's Office said Friday.
“The investigation revealed a group of male students listed a group of high school female students and posted derogatory and vulgar descriptions about the women. There was also a threatening video created by a male student with what appeared to be an antique musket,” a news release said.
The posts were brought to the attention of San Marcos staff Jan. 19, following a minimum day of school. School administrators immediately reported the case to the Sheriff's Office, which then began an investigation. The sheriff's office did not provide any further information about the posts or the specifics on the chat room allegedly used.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
According to the Sheriff's Office, detectives determined that none of the involved students is in possession of nor do they have access to functioning firearms or dangerous devices and that there is no immediate threat “to anyone at school or in the community.”
The Santa Barbara Unified School District identified the students on Jan. 22, and an unknown action was taken.
Santa Barbara Unified School District Superintendent Cary Matsuoka, in a statement, apologized “for not communicating proactively” with parents about the threats and announced that the district would hold a special forum Monday to “provide a summary of the events as they unfolded starting on Jan. 19 and have a conversation about school safety and communication.”
Vancouver Limo, a luxury limousine service based out of Vancouver, is offering special promo for the thanksgiving long weekend (Oct 7-Oct 10)
VANCOUVER, BC--(Marketwired - October 06, 2017) - This is the Thanksgiving weekend in Canada, which usually occurs on the second Monday in October. Thanksgiving has a long history in Canada and during this time people celebrate the harvest and reflect upon the success and blessings of the year just gone by.
British Columbia is one of the few provinces that celebrates this statutory holiday -- mind you in the Atlantic provinces of Newfoundland, Prince Edward Island, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland and Labrador, this is an optional holiday.
The majority of Canadians will gather with their families for a thanksgiving feast which is usually either on a Sunday or the Monday of the long weekend. Foods that are traditionally served during the Canadian thanksgiving include sweet potatoes, turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce, sweet corn, and a pumpkin pie.
The roads in British Columbia are usually congested during Thanksgiving as many people will be traveling to join their families. In addition, this long weekend is supposed to be dry and warm and this great weather will also be a magnet for people who love the outdoors. Because of the traffic, most people will have long commutes and develop unnecessary stress, frustration and tension.
Vancouver Limo is offering a thanksgiving special for the entire long weekend. The company has hired more chauffeurs and has made available a variety of luxury cars to help transport the public to almost any destination within Vancouver and the adjacent suburb. The company is offering transportation 24/7 for the long weekend as long as bookings are made in advance. Vancouver limos have a variety of luxury cars to offer the public a luxury ride at a cost that is comparable to a cab.
The city of Vancouver has many activities planned for the long weekend. The farmers market will be open on Saturday and Sunday. There are also a number of art exhibits and thanksgiving celebrations in Surrey, Richmond and Chilliwack. There is also the Granville Island Turkey Trot 10K, the cranberry festival at Fort Langley, Wetlands Tour at Glen Valley, Oktoberfest at the Alpen Club, Richmond night market and the wild salmon caravan. Of course, many people will want to visit nearby Whistler to enjoy the scenery.
Vancouver Limo is offering special discounts at all these venues for the entire long weekend. Because the streets during the weekends in Vancouver are usually congested and parking is at a premium, traveling with Royal Limo will also save you money on parking fees.
Vancouver limos are offering competitive rates for travel to any of the above destinations in Vancouver. Rentals can be per hour or per day.
Vancouver Limo has been in the business of providing efficient luxury transportation for many years and is always striving to be better. For those who want to travel in luxury and style to one of these events, call the company at 604-727-0950. The company is offering many types of package deals to suit all your needs. More about Vancouver Limo can be found at http://www.royallimo.ca/.
The President of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore Socio-cultural Association, Bello Abdullahi Bodejo has warned that they will resist any attempt to remove President Muhammadu Buhari in 2019. Bodejo warned that Nobody should try and remove Buhari, adding th...
Blackhawks fall to Blues in Winter Classic
hello
Chicago Blackhawks' goalie Corey Crawford, center, looks back after giving up a goal to St. Louis Blues' Patrik Berglund, third from left, of Sweden, as Blackhawks' Brian Campbell, left, and Brent Seabrook, right, look on during the second period of the NHL Winter Classic hockey game at Busch Stadium, Monday, Jan. 2, 2017, in St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS -- For all the talk of rain delays and contingency plans -- and there was A LOT of it -- the Winter Classic went off without a hitch Monday and the Blues defeated the Blackhawks 4-1 in front of 46,556 at Busch Stadium.
Temperature at puck drop was 46.7 degrees, the warmest of the five outdoor games the Hawks have played in since 2009. And other than a few sprinkles here and there, the rain did indeed stay away.
The Blues got 2 goals by Vladimir Tarasenko in a 1:53 span during the third period to snap a 1-1 tied to win for just the fourth time in the last 10 games. Alexander Steen added an empty-net goal with 1:14 remaining.
The Hawks (23-12-5) are 1-4-1 in their last six and fell to 1-4-0 in outdoor games.
Tarasenko's first goal came at 12:05 of the third after the puck caromed off Niklas Hjalmarsson's left. Less than two minutes later, the Blues superstar zoomed in and snapped a shot over Corey Crawford's left shoulder.
The Hawks took a 1-0 lead 62 seconds in when Michal Kempny took a full swing at a bouncing puck and sent a one-hop "grounder" up and over the glove of Blues goalie Jake Allen. It was Kempny's second goal in as many games.
The Blues tied it on a Patrik Berglund tally 7:45 into the second period.
On Sunday, the entire Trump family attended Easter church services at the Episcopal Church of Bethesda-by-the-Sea—the same
church where Donald and Melania were married years ago. Both Tiffany and Barron attended the service, as did Melania's
parents.
Once again, Melania stole the show with their style and grace. The First Lady wished Americans a “Happy Easter!” on Twitter,
posting a photograph wearing a stunning white dress.
This was an elegant response, given that just the day before hundreds of people marched from West Palm Beach toward Mar-a-
Lago, demanding that the president release their tax returns to the public.
“I did what was an almost impossible thing to do for a Republican- easily won the Electoral College!” Trump tweeted on Saturday
night. “Now Tax Returns are brought up again?”
“Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday,” they added. “The election is over!”
What do you think? Was this past weekend's “Tax March” a monumental waste of time and energy?
Image copyright Press Eye Image caption Michael Dunlop is riding a BMW in the colours of their own MD Racing team in the Superstock class
Michael Dunlop aims to significantly increase their tally of 15 Isle of Man TT wins when they compete in this year's event over the Mountain Course.
Dunlop rides in six races on a variety of different machinery and has shown up well in the early practices.
The Ballymoney rider was inside the lap record in their first outing on a Paton in the Supertwin class and also figures highly in Superbikes and Supersports.
"I want to win races and I'm as fired up as I have ever been," said Dunlop.
"I want to keep going faster and winning is my motivation. I'm feeling a wee bit rusty but I'm fitter and lighter than I have ever been and ready for the job."
Dunlop's successes include five victories in the last eight 'big bike' races, taking in the Superbike and Senior events. This year, the 29-year-old returns to BMW power in the form of the Northern Ireland-based Tyco BMW team.
"I was a late arrival to the team so we haven't spent a huge amount of time together and have a big challenge ahead, but we are all pulling together," they said.
"The team was all set up around Dan (Kneen) and then they had to build a brand new Superbike for me from scratch late on.
"It's all been a bit last minute and I've been playing catch-up. There have been a lot of late nights working on the bike - we've had to work extra hard to get the Superbike ready."
'A real team effort'
Dunlop will ride a BMW in the colours of their own MD Racing team in the Superstock class but will switch to a Honda, prepared by Simon Buckmaster's PTR team, for the two Supersport outings.
"MD Racing is a real team effort. I have good lads around me who work really hard - we put everything into it to put bikes on the grid which can make me successful and eight or nine of the TTs I have won have been through my own team," said the absolute lap record holder.
"We got a few laps in at Cookstown but I didn't really get the results I wanted at the North West 200. I felt there was more in me in the last Superbike race but a tyre problem cost us.
"I picked up the Superbike at short notice but I only rode the Superstock for the first time at the North West."
Paton power for Supertwins
The Northern Irishman also campaigns a factory Paton in the Supertwins this year and made an immediate impact on their first run out on the bike in practice on Saturday evening, recording an unofficial lap record of 120.875mph.
"The Paton bike is brand new and to be honest I didn't see that lap coming. I had never even seen the bike before and the engine hadn't been bedded in.
"I'd never seen the bike but did one lap to bed the whole thing in and then went out and did another and it went really well.
"I wasn't riding that hard on it as I have some stuff to do to set it up the way I want it but the bike felt really, really good.
"It's not the fastest bike through the speed trap but there is a lot, lot more to come and the boys have worked really hard on it."
This year's TT race programme begins on Saturday, 2 June.
3 times women self-diagnosed via Google – and got it scarily wrong If you're asking Dr Google, beware of the answers...
Your hiccups just won't quit. Seriously, it's been two days. You could head to your GP. But, groan. So inconvenient. And Dr Google is faster and free. It takes you mere seconds to type your symptoms into a search engine and just a few more to learn that those persistent throat spasms could be a sign of a pulmonary embolism. Or a stroke. Or, cancer.
One in 20 of the 100 billion monthly Google searches relates to health and medical info. Psychologists have given this tech-enabled obsessing over real or imagined symptoms a name: Cyberchondria.
“Everybody googles their symptoms, diagnoses and treatments – and that's enabled people to be a lot more knowledgeable,” says neurologist Dr Lyle Dennis. “But the flip side is that people are getting scared.” Why?
Millions of medical sites, blogs and Wiki pages can, intentionally or not, spew out a bunch of overwhelming, confusing or panic-inducing info. The good news: Google is overhauling how it displays health-related search queries, partnering with the Mayo Clinic to ensure more credible information is the most accessible.
But is shopping for a diagnosis online scary or smart? Read these three real-life scenarios below, then decide for yourself…
Read more: 7 lies you really need to stop telling your doctor
Case study 1
Amanda had been tired for weeks. A web search for “fatigue” brought up site after site describing their exact symptoms and pointing to a likely diagnosis: Systemic exertion intolerance disease (aka chronic fatigue). They ordered scores of supplements that promised relief. When they didn't deliver – several months and a lot of money later – a blood test at their GP revealed the real, easily treatable culprit: Anaemia.
What the experts say
“Anxiety often motivates us to find answers,” explains clinical psychologist Dr Thomas Fergus. It's human nature to identify any and all perceived threats, which makes online health hunting a loaded endeavour. Research from Microsoft US shows around 40% of people who type in medical terms start calmly, then quickly escalate (read: cramps becoming anxiety-induced ulcers).
“Based on web searches, I've had patients with common headaches come in thinking they have brain tumours,” says internal medicine specialist Dr Sandra Fryhofer. But many don't even make it that far.
“Some women are convinced they have an illness and decide to treat it themselves,” says obstetrician and gynaecologist Dr Michele Curtis. “Others become paralysed by denial and don't want to hear an official diagnosis.” Either way, some cyberchondriacs delay care, which can lead to serious consequences. (For example, if sudden vaginal bleeding does turn out to be cervical cancer, early treatment can be lifesaving. But, for real, you probably don't have cervical cancer!)
Case study 2
Erin was scrolling through Facebook when they saw a friend had been diagnosed with multiple sclerosis. A link sent Erin through to a message board full of patients' descriptions of early symptoms, including tingling in the hands and feet. Erin had felt that before! They dialled their doctor, demanding a battery of expensive and invasive tests (hello, spinal tap). Everything came back negative. Oh.
What the experts say
Doctors know they shouldn't order tests sans red flags, but many cave in anyway. “Some women are so convinced they have a certain ailment that it's hard to dissuade them, even with proof,” says Dr Curtis. Turns out, reading real-life stories can also be a catalyst for a “what if?” frenzy that leads to “me too!”
Without context or professional know-how, social media-shared stories can seem almost too relatable. “It's the narrative that matters to people, often more than the facts,” says Dr Curtis.
Case study 3
Sarah had a dull ache in their right side. A quick Google search suggested it was indigestion or a pulled muscle. They kept clicking and saw appendicitis mentioned. Alarmed, Sarah ferreted out more info on the condition and eventually found a self-test: Press and release on the area to see if that hurts. Ouch! Sarah called their doctor, who sent them to emergency right before their appendix burst.
What the experts say
Few medical conditions can snowball as fast as an online health investigation, but in some cases, a little cyberchondria can steer you in the right direction. In fact, a survey by Pew Research Center found that 41% of those who digitally diagnose said a professional confirmed their suspicion.
Taking an active role in your health is linked to better outcomes, says WH health expert Dr Ginni Mansberg. “My patients have more time to research than me and really think about their symptoms. I only often get 15-20 minutes with someone, so it can be a godsend to have a patient come in presenting what they think they have.”
This article was originally published on www.womenshealthsa.co.za
Image credit: iStock
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — North Korea said Tuesday that leader Kim Jong-un was briefed on their military's plans to launch missiles in waters near Guam days after the Korean People's Army announced its preparing to create “enveloping fire” near the U.S. military hub in the Pacific.
During an inspection of the army's Strategic Forces, Kim praised the military for drawing a “close and careful plan” and said they would watch the “foolish and stupid conduct of the Yankees” a little more before deciding whether to give order for the missile test, the Korean Central News Agency said.
Kim said North Korea will conduct the planned missile launches if the “Yankees persist in their extremely dangerous reckless actions on the Korean Peninsula and its vicinity” and that the United States should “think reasonably and judge property” to avoid shame, the news agency said.
The Korean People's Army's Strategic Forces said last week it would finalize by mid-August a plan to fire four intermediate ballistic missiles near Guam, which is about 3,200 kilometers (2,000 miles) from Pyongyang, and send it to Kim for their approval.
The North Korean report came after U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said the United Sates would take out any North Korean missile seen to be heading for American soil and declared any such North Korean attack could lead to war.
Marine Corps Gen. Joseph Dunford, the chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, also said during a visit to South Korea on Monday that the United States wants to peacefully resolve a deepening standoff with North Korea. But is also ready to use the “full range” of its military capabilities in case of provocation, Dunford said.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Fire Damages Townhome
On Monday, August 14, 2017, at 1:18 p.m. the Lee's Summit Fire Department responded to a reported structure fire at 261 NE Bayview Drive. A neighbor reported fire coming from the back of the townhome.
When the fire department arrived, heavy smoke was visible from the second story and attic of a two-story four-plex. Bystanders were knocking on the doors of the building to alert any residents that were home.
The back of the unit 261 was well involved in fire and spreading into the attic of the building. Firefighters initially knocked down on the fire on the outside of the building and second floor balcony before going inside. Crews inside the building were able to extinguish the fire that had spread to the inside of units 261 and 263. Crews had to pull down the ceilings to get to the fire in the attic. A search of all the townhomes confirmed the units were unoccupied. The fire was under control by 2:22p.m.
The fire heavily damaged most unit 261; the second floor of unit 263, and the attic over both units. The chimney on the back of unit 261 had collapsed. The remaining units of the four-plex sustained varying amounts of smoke and water damage. Units 265 and 267 were able to be reoccupied.
The fire appears to have originated on the back of unit 261. Fire department investigators are looking into the cause.
MIAMI (WSVN) - Miami-Dade County Public Schools is exploring a possible change in policy after a 7-year-old student was Baker Acted following a violent outburst.
The boy, a student Coral Way K-8 Center in Miami, was handcuffed and taken to the hospital for a psychiatric evaluation after they hit and kicked a teacher.
The district has ordered its police department to review the policy requiring children be restrained.
Police will also have to check with a supervisor before they determine whether a child needs psychiatric evaluation.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image The scorpion found in Ba by Serina Taslim. The Biosecurity Authority of Fiji has confirmed the sighting of scorpions in the country. Picture: Supplied
THE Biosecurity Authority of Fiji has confirmed the sighting of scorpions in Fiji.
And it is trying to ascertain whether they are exotic or endemic.
The confirmation comes after queries were sent to the authority by this newspaper after claims by a woman from Raviravi in Ba that they had found a scorpion in their home.
Serina Taslim said last week was not the first time they had found the scorpion at their home.
"The last time I found a species was several months ago and it was bigger than the one I found on June 4," they claimed.
"The last time I had killed it as a knee-jerk reaction.
"This time around I thought it would be best to put it in a container and give it the BAF office here. The officials here told me it was common to find scorpions in Fiji, which I thought was strange because we don't know much about it."
BAF head of communications Riten Gosai confirmed receiving the sample last week.
"BAF entomology team confirms that the specimen is indeed a scorpion," they said.
"We agree that not a lot is known about scorpions in Fiji, however, this finding is not uncommon.
"BAF entomology team has received specimens from the same area in the past years. In fact, similar specimens have been obtained from Labasa as well.
"It is difficult to ascertain whether the scorpion is exotic (or even endemic) at this stage."
Mr Gosai said the specimen would be sent to a New Zealand laboratory for confirmation of the species level.
"BAF will continue to meticulously protect Fijian agriculture, environment and biodiversity," Mr Gosai said.
Becky McCabe and Jessa Gillaspie both had the same genius idea — propose to each other at the Memphis Zoo, the place they'd gone on their first date together. The resulting video is going viral because, well, it's sweet as hell, and I definitely have something in my eyes. And that something is tears BECAUSE I AM CRYING. I love love!
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Jessa posted the video of the dual proposals to Facebook with the caption, "💍💍👰🏻👰🏻 Becky McCabe and I got ENGAGED Friday night at Zoo Brew!!!!!!! I had no idea they planned to propose, and they had no idea I planned to propose to her! We were both so surprised!!!! We were surrounded by our friends and had the most amazing night. I am the luckiest girl in the world to be able to call them my fiancé. 👰🏻👰🏻💍💍 #TheMcBabes #MichelliaDesigns"
First, "#TheMcBabes" might be the best hashtag of all time, and secondly, HOW GREAT WAS THAT?! We should all be so lucky!
A million congrats to #TheMcBabes, and may a lifetime of adorable dual-moments await you!
Register to read: Financial Times
Opening Quote: Hargreaves Lansdown cashes in on (not too much) excitement
With the Pixelbook, Google is looking to transcend Chromebook with a laptop for the masses. But a $999 starting price tag is going to be hard to swallow for small business owners on a tight budget.
Google (NASDAQ:GOOGL) just announced its latest laptop at the company's annual hardware event.
Google is promoting the new Pixelbook as the top tier of Chromebooks. The new laptop is more powerful, and packs many features select individuals and industries will find useful. The question is, will Google be able to attract customers outside of its core users?
For small businesses and freelancers in the creative field, the 2-in-1 Pixelbook may do well. But once you venture into industries such as accounting and other fields in need of heavy-duty processing, the laptop faces an uphill battle.
So how will Google convince new customers to give the Pixelbook a chance? Matt Vokoun, Product Management for Hardware at Google, explains on the official company blog The Keyword how the plan is to change the way laptops are viewed.
Vokoun elaborates, “With Google Pixelbook, a new high-performance Chromebook, we're hoping to change this. We've worked to combine the best parts of a laptop, a tablet, and a smartphone, to fit how we use technology today.”
Google Pixelbook Specs and Price
The $999 price tag will get you the entry-level Pixelbook with seventh-gen Intel Core i5, 8GB of RAM, and 128GB SSD. If you want 256GB SSD with this same processor, the price goes up to $1,199.
A seventh-gen Intel CoreTM i7 processor, 16GB RAM, and 512GB NVMe storage will increase the price to $1,649.
All of these configurations come with a 12.3-inch, 2400 x 1600 LCD Touchscreen, 10 hours mixed use 41Wh battery, 2 USB-C inputs with fast-charging ports, a 720p camera, backlit keyboard and Bluetooth 4.2.
The Pixelbook pen is extra, and it will cost you an additional $99.
Features Small Businesses Can Find Useful
Chrome OS is a fast, secure and proven platform with automatic updates. And as part of the Google cloud ecosystem, you will be able to access your documents and other files from virtually anywhere.
The addition of the Pixelbook Pen is going to allow for sketching, drawing and designing with 60 degrees of angular awareness and 2,000 levels of pressure sensitivity. This Pen alone might be enough to sway businesses with design intensive needs.
The integration of smartphone features into Pixelbook includes the addition of Google Assistant. You will be able to set reminders, find emails, open documents and more.
The Pixelbook and Pixel Pen are available for preorder in the U.S., Canada, and the UK, and will be available for sale October 31.
Aishwarya Rajesh Joins The Cast Of Saamy Square
In an exciting development, Aishwarya has been roped in to play a pivotal role in Vikram's Saamy Square. Confirming the good news, the makers released some photos in which they can be seen alongside the actor. As expected, the two make a terrific pair.
They Are Trisha's Replacement
Saamy Square is a sequel to the 2003 action-drama Saamy. The original film had Trisha Krishnan in the lead and did well at the box office. As such, the makers initially roped in the Nayagi star for the sequel as well. However, they walked out of the project citing 'creative differences' with the team. While the makers tried to convince them to return, the lady refused to entertain their plea. Following this, Aishwarya signed the film.
About Saamy Square
Just like the first part, Saamy Square is being directed by Hari and is going to be an action-packed affair. Besides Vikram and Aishwarya, the film also features Bobby Simhaa and actor Keerthy Suresh in the lead.
A Busy Time For Aishwarya
As it so happens, Aishwarya is going through a terrific phase on the professional front. They will soon be seen in Gautam Menon's Dhruva Natchathiram. Incidentally, like Saamy Square the spy-thriller too has Vikram in the lead. The young miss will also be seen in Mani Ratnam's Chekka Chivantha Vaanam. The film is a multi-starrer and will see their act alongside Arvind Swami and Jyothika. They also have the eagerly-awaited Vada Chennai in their kitty. The crime-drama has Dhanush in the lead and is a Vetrimaaran directorial. All in all, the era of the 'Chennai Ponnu' is truly upon us.
A rabbi, a priest and a minister walk into Dick Wolfsie's IndyFringe performance. Is this some kind of joke? Actually, it is—and there are lots more of them. Dick celebrates the most effective weapon of the Jewish people: HUMOR. So, buy a ticket. What, you thought it would be free?
Today on Indy Style, WISH-TV Reporter Dick Wolfsie chats about their upcoming performance at the Phoenix Theatre and what you can expect during “The Art of the Jewish Joke (Jewish? They don't look funny.)”
Performances at the Phoenix Theatre:
Friday Aug 18th, 7:30PM
Sunday Aug 20th, 1:30PM
Tuesday Aug 22nd, 6:00PM
Wednesday Aug 23rd, 9:00PM
Saturday Aug 26th, 9:00PM
Sunday Aug 27th, 3:00PM
IndyFringe Festival 2017 promises to be more outrageous and memorable than ever, now in its 13th season. With 74 acts doing 400 shows, buskers in the street and music in the air, #IndyFringe17 will once again be the premier arts and entertainment event in Indianapolis. Hoosier artists make up 50 percent of the festival, joining performers from as far away as Canada and more than a dozen U.S. cities such as L.A., Boston, New York City and Atlanta. Fringe offers personal stories from African-American and LGBT artists, as well as music, choir, dance, magic, cabaret, variety, standup, political, improv, comedy, drama, physical and multimedia, a psychic and even a séance. It's experimental, refined, amateur and professional… all of it unjuried, which means anyone with an act is welcome to participate. The intent is to foster diversity and most importantly, inclusion and accessibility.
IndyFringe 2017 Aug. 17-27, with a preview night at The Athenaeum Wed. Aug. 16
Tickets: $15 adult/$12 student-senior/$10 children under 12
Buy at www.indyfringe.org
LONDON (AP) — All five former members of the Spice Girls have met up amid rumors of a plan to reunite the girl-power group.
Photos posted by several group members on social media showed Victoria “Posh Spice” Beckham, Melanie “Sporty Spice” Chisholm, Emma “Baby Spice” Bunton, Melanie “Scary Spice” Brown and Geri “Ginger Spice” Horner.
They had been seen earlier Friday arriving at Horner's home north of London, along with former manager Simon Fuller.
The Sun newspaper reported the quintet is considering several projects, including a TV talent show, though not a live tour.
The Spice Girls were a 1990s phenomenon, with hits including “Wannabe.” They split in 2000 and last reunited at the 2012 London Olympics.
Now the group's highest-profile member is Beckham, a fashion designer married to former soccer star David Beckham.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni...
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
0:28 Atascadero's Elijah Cooks turns Lompoc game into dunk contest
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
1:30 How Cambria's colorful, often kooky, scarecrows are made
2:33 Iconic Star Wars actor Carrie Fisher dies at age 60
NIAGARA FALLS, N.Y. (AP) — The trapeze-artist wife of daredevil Nik Wallenda says she'll be tethered to a helicopter when they hang from the aircraft by their teeth as it flies over Niagara Falls.
Erendira Wallenda discussed their plans for the stunt during a news conference Wednesday morning on the American side of the Falls.
Wallenda's stunt is planned for Thursday, the fifth anniversary of their husband's televised 1,800-foot tightrope walk from the New York side of Niagara Falls into Canada.
Erendira Wallenda says they plan to hold on by their teeth and their toes while on a Hula Hoop-type device suspended from the helicopter as it flies 300 feet (91 meters) above the Falls.
Five members of the famed Wallenda circus troupe fell from a high-wire in Sarasota, Florida, in February while practicing an eight-person pyramid. Everyone survived.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
by Sohail Choudhury
Sometimes few writers provoke me in writing on a topic. This is one of those articles.
For years, I am a vivid reader of articles by Mohammad Badrul Ahsan. To others, they are a journalist. But to me, they are a philosopher. A magician who hypnotises readers with their mighty pen.
Recently in an article published in the largest English daily, Mr. Ahsan wrote: “Shame is thus the flipside of honour, and one can't exist without the other. Shameless people can't be honourable, and honourable people can't be shameless.”
Extremely powerful and very timely observations indeed! Especially because they picks-up this topic when we can see the bunch of shameless creatures (I prefer not calling them people) occupying front rows of every segment of our societies. And unfortunately, people with self-esteem, sense of dignity, and those who feel ashamed of any wrongdoings are becoming micro-minorities in politics, while shameless people are playing the role of dominant force there. That's extremely unfortunate though, but that is the world we are living today.
Several years back, South Korean president Roh Moo-Hyun committed suicide by leaping from a hill amid an investigation over a bribery scandal.
But in today's world, we can find a lot of ex-presidents, ex-Prime Ministers, and even those still in power, who would never hesitate either mocking corruption allegations brought against them or simply killing the investigations or getting cases ‘quashed' by exerting wrong influences – shamelessly. Panama Papers might have become a big hit just for weeks and now we can see how those ‘smart' politicians and influential figures have already either cremated or buried those ‘false scandals'. And we, the people – the ninety-nine percent proportion of the global population – either are turned into idiots or just got muted – because we are cowards. Our situation is no different than those several hundred passengers of an aircraft, hostaged by just few hijackers. Those shameless creatures occupying front rows of our societies have very successfully turned us all into coward hostages.
Shameless individuals consider themselves as smart, sharp, intelligent, wise and successful in their lives. To them, being shameful is a curse – a grave offense. They mock us and make fun of us because sense of shame stops us from doing anything or everything and grab the ‘crown' of success – in personal or professional lives. What those shameless segment don't know is, we can't behave like a street hooker the way they do always. We don't repent being ‘unsuccessful'. If success in only for the shameless guys – it's not for us, for sure!
Sohail Choudhury is the Executive Editor of Weekly Blitz
Comments
comments
Invesco moves boldly to grab more ETF power
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week.
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00 *
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
Other Subscription options:
Related Coverage NC bill would fine slow drivers in the left lane
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — Drivers beware. Those caught bogging down traffic while travelling in the left lane in North Carolina could face a $200 fine under advancing legislation.
A House judiciary committee passed a bill Wednesday that would make it illegal for someone to block the steady flow of traffic by cruising in the passing lane.
Bill sponsors call it a public safety issue. They say drivers travelling below the speed limit in the left lane create tight clusters, which can cause accidents.
The proposal would expand a current law requiring vehicles traveling less than the speed limit to be in the right lane.
Rutherford County Republican Rep. David Rogers opposed the measure, saying it wouldn't seem fair to punish drivers travelling the speed limit who don't move over if a speeding car approaches.
Story by Lindsey Coleman, Staff writer
On Feb. 7, Betsy DeVos, billionaire and proponent of charter school and vouchers, was appointed as the Secretary of Education by a historic 50-51 tie-breaking vote by Vice President Mike Pence.
Teachers and dissenters nationwide have disagreed with their appointment, pointing out that without having a public school education themselves or sending their children to public schools, they are unqualified to be the Secretary of Education.
According to CNN, on Feb. 10, DeVos was briefly blocked by protesters as they attempted to enter a public school in Washington. They were later able to enter and speak to people in the school.
“At this point they are the secretary of education. They need to be able to see what's going on, and teachers need to be able to communicate with her,” Laurie Edminster, English teacher at Murray High School, said. “So I don't think blocking or impeding them from doing their job, or attempting to do their job, is going to be effective at all.”
Edminster said they have taught every grade from 7th to 12th in their 28 years of teaching. Seventeen of those years have been at Murray High. Before that, they taught in South Carolina and Texas, but they have always worked for public school systems.
“I was very disappointed that someone with no background in education, who has not attended a public school, whose children have not attended public school, was made the Secretary of Education to oversee public schools,” Edminster said. “I understand that there are flaws in our system that need to be reformed, because we're human, and as long as humans are working with something, it's going to be flawed. But I felt like it was a slap in the face that our voices were not heard, because every educator I know was adamant that someone with some experience in education be in that position.”
Kassity Sutherland, senior from Murray, Kentucky, graduate of a public school and future middle school educator starting in August, said DeVos' confirmation was terrifying and worrisome for them
“Words like committeewoman, philanthropist and business person are frequently used to describe the positions that they have held in their lifetime, but none of these words matter in the realm of education,” Sutherland said. “According to the US Department of Education, 91 percent of pre-K through 12th grade students attend public school, a place Betsy DeVos is not familiar with, by any means.”
Sutherland said Devos is simply not qualified to make decisions on what schools must do to receive federal funding, and DeVos doesn't know what those public school students need in order to thrive.
“To my fellow educators and future educators, may the odds be ever in our favor,” Sutherland said.
One controversial priority for DeVos is increasing private school choice, which according to National Public Radio (NPR) includes “publicly sponsored programs that give families money to spend on tuition at private schools.”
“One of the things that I think attracted others to them was school choice,” Edminster said. “My concern is that it will be the death of public schools in big cities.”
They said she's not necessarily worried about schools in the immediate area, but they said schools in Memphis, Tennessee, and Nashville, Tennessee, might suffer greatly if school funds are taken out of the system, which Edminster said could be around $5,000 per child.
Erica Gray, Calloway County chemistry teacher, started teaching 14 years ago in West Palm Beach, Florida, at a high poverty Title I federally-funded school that supported school choice. They also taught at McCracken Country briefly.
“When you start diverting public school dollars into private things, it creates an even greater performance and income inequality gap that is already an issue in a lot of those cities, so that's a real concern,” Gray said.
They said most students attend public schools, and in order for students to be globally competitive, it is in our best interest as a nation to build up those public schools.
“One of the things I love about this country is that we educate everyone,” Edminster said. “We don't handpick who gets to go to whatever school, like many countries do. That's what makes America so strong. Everyone is exposed to principles of education, and when we start messing around with that, we, our children, our grandchildren, are going to pay the price for it.”
Although Trump vowed to cut the common core standards for schools across the nation, Edminster said they understood why some were upset when the common core was implemented.
They said the element of teacher control was taken away with the advent of the common core, and there's been a lot of pushbacks about the federal government controlling what educators teach kids.
“You've got to have some control, some checks and balances, to make sure that the money is being spent effectively and that there are standards that students and teachers have to meet,” Edminster said.
Gray said from their experience in West Palm Beach the school choice program isn't as glamorous as some may think.
“I experienced firsthand how a choice program affect[s] the public school,” Gray said. “It absolutely takes the best students from a school and leaves a population that is very challenging to teach, and with the limited amount of resources they are given, it makes it even harder.”
They were the school choice coordinator when they lived in West Palm Beach, which meant they had to recruit students to go to their school, but since it was an International Baccalaureate school and dual language school they were able to market to a broad range of students and family incomes.
“If we make some public schools different than other public schools, and don't give them equitable resources, then I think as a nation we're continuing to create the economic divide that some kids and some families will never be able to get out of,” Gray said.
They said public education is the one level playing field offered to every student in the nation that will allow them the opportunity to combat poverty.
“If there's something good that comes out of this, it's that maybe we've got a more involved and educated electorate, but at what cost?,” Gray said.
A statement sent to The Murray State News from Kelsey Cooper, State Communications Director, on behalf of Senator Rand Paul's office said DeVos is committed to the principles of improving education opportunities, and Sen. Paul supported their nomination.
According to the statement, “Sen. Paul believes every child in Kentucky and America deserves a chance to get a quality education. Increasing the choices parents and students have and getting Washington out of the way are the most important things the federal government can do to improve the education opportunities available to our children.”
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — A strong storm system will move through Indiana, then stall out and move back by Wednesday.
THIS EVENING: We will see scattered rain showers develop late Monday evening, mostly across southern Indiana. Central Indiana still has a lot of dry air in place, so other than clouds, the evening hours will likely be dry across central Indiana. Temperatures will fall into the 40s.
OVERNIGHT: As temperatures drop, moisture will increase, and it will be a fine line between rain and icy roads for Tuesday morning. Just like the weekend, there are no guarantees, but there is a chance for slick roads in the morning.
TUESDAY: There will be a scattered wintry mix lingering in southern Indiana in the morning, then as temperatures increase, the precipitation should be mainly rain.
SNOW LATE TUESDAY / EARLY WEDNESDAY? The storm system will slow down then come back from east to west. With colder air in place, we could see heavy bursts of snow in eastern Indiana with some accumulation possible east of Indianapolis, especially in far eastern Indiana.
8-DAY FORECAST: Thursday and Friday will be quiet, but the weekend looks rainy on Saturday with a chance of some ice early Sunday. Rain chances will linger Monday and Tuesday of next week.
Photo/Facebook
A Nanaimo medical marijuana dispensary that opened near a daycare has been shut down by police.
Nanaimo RCMP descended on Leaf Labs at 679 Terminal Avenue on Monday.
A 24-year old man who was allegedly operating the dispensary was arrested at the scene.
The business was then closed and secured.
Officers later seized approximately 1.5 pounds of marijuana during a search of the premises.
“The RCMP is guided by the existing laws and legislation. We recognize the current complexities surrounding the potential for future legislative changes, however, the RCMP is mandated with enforcing the laws of Canada as they exist today,” says Superintendent Cameron Miller, Officer in Charge of the Nanaimo RCMP.
The man arrested was released with a promise to appear in court in July.
Troopers at the scene of an early morning fatal crash on Interstate 215 on March 12, 2017. (NHP/Twitter)
Medical examiners identified a driver who is believed to have traveled on Interstate 215 in the wrong direction before a deadly crash.
The Clark County Coroner's Office identified the person as Jhonatan Alexander Lozano, 26. Their cause and manner of death remained pending Monday.
According to the Nevada Highway Patrol, troopers responded to the crash at 3:40 a.m. on eastbound I-215 just west of Eastern Avenue.
NHP said the fatal collision happened when a Ford Mustang was traveling the wrong way on the freeway when it collided with a Nissan.
The male driver of the Mustang was killed in the crash, and the man behind the wheel of the Nissan was transported to the University Medical Center with life-threatening injuries, according to authorities.
Traffic restrictions were in place at the scene of the collision for the investigation.
Stay with FOX5 for updates on this developing story.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
63 migrants were rescued from the Mediterranean Sea by the Italian coast guard on Monday.
Around 1000 migrants have been rescued in the Meditteranean in the last few days as calm weather conditions made it easier for vessels to depart.
According to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, 8296 migrants have arrived in Italy by sea in 2018.
Getty
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
September 2011
After first meeting on the set of The Place Beyond the Pines, which was filmed in Schenectady, New York, Ryan and Eva are spotted on a date at the Happiest Place on Earth: Disneyland. According to Us Weekly, there was plenty of PDA and Eva was even "skipping around like a little girl." I mean, wouldn't you, if you were on a date with Ryan Gosling? No word on whether or not Ryan busted out some classic Mickey Mouse Club dance moves or told Eva about their hometown of Cornwall, Ontario.
November 2011
Ryan and Eva spend Thanksgiving in Paris, where they are spotted holding hands at the iconic Père Lachaise Cemetery.
Splash News
December 2011
Ryan and Eva appear in their second project together: Funny or Die's “Drunk History Christmas.” And yes, that's them in bed together:
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
February 2012
In an interview with Marie Claire, Eva calls Ryan “your dream costar,” adding, “I have never felt so creatively satisfied on a film. He's amazing." When pushed for more details about their new romance, Eva says, “Stop, just stop. I'm not gonna budge. I feel uncomfortable talking about it. It's too personal.”
May 2012
After getting hit with their first major break up rumor, Ryan and Eva are spotted holding hands in New York City.
Tom Meinelt/SplashNews
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
In the same month, Eva appears on The Ellen DeGeneres Show and sort of talks about Ryan in a conversation that's onesie-heavy and was filled with giggles. Just watch.
June 2012
Ryan and Eva head up north to attend their mother Donna's graduation from Brock University in Toronto. According to the Niagara Advance, Ryan told reporters, “This is my mom's day," but fellow graduates and audience members shared these observations on Twitter anyway.
Oh yeah Eva mendes is with them pic.twitter.com/72wzSnDL — Erica Bajer (@EricaBajerMedia) June 6, 2012
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
To all of today's graduates, #RyanGosling and #EvaMendes were watching you. One more reason to be proud to be a Badger pic.twitter.com/gsQ6tBPA — BrockTV (@brocktv) June 6, 2012
Just saw Ryan Gosling and Eva Mendes...just the back of them but still the most exciting thing that's happened here #BrockU #starstruck — Patricia Bernardo (@tricia_bernardo) June 6, 2012
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
September 2012
Ryan and Eva hit the red carpet together for the first time (with their cast mates) for the premiere of The Place Beyond the Pines at the Toronto International Film Festival.
Getty
March 2013
Ryan and Eva step out in public again for The Place Beyond the Pines premiere in NYC.
Getty
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Getty
September 2013
When asked about Ryan in an interview with The Edit, Eva shuts the whole thing down. “I'm sorry. I'm shutting down. I'm such a weirdo. I literally lose my ability to speak — and you were doing so well." (via E! News)
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
July 2014
People reports that Eva is pregnant with the couple's first child. According to one source, things “with Ryan are different” and Eva has “finally found the person they really wants to be with.”
September 2014
Eva gives birth to a daughter, Esmeralda Amada Gosling, in Santa Monica, according to People. A source claiming to be a friend of Eva's says, “She's absolutely in heaven being a mom. She's never been happier.”
Getty
November 2014
In a rare interview with Violet Grey, Eva opens up about motherhood: "I'm completely exhausted. I thought my wild nights were over but these are some of the wildest nights I've ever had." They also talk about taking care of their child without any professional help. “I'm doing it without a nanny for now but I'm open to the idea of having a nanny in the future. Esmeralda has two amazing grandmothers and incredible aunties who come over and really help me.”
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
On staying out of the spotlight during most of their pregnancy, Eva says they did it for their daughter even when they were still in the oven. “Whether we like it or not, privacy is going to be very difficult for Esmeralda. I think it's unfair but that's our reality. So Ryan and I decided early on to give them as much privacy as we could. And my pregnancy was the first opportunity to give them that. It's such an intimate time for the mother, too. I know that it seems all very innocuous when you're flipping through a tabloid at the doctor's office or see a photo of a pregnant lady online, but I find the media's ‘bump watch' obsession to be both intrusive and stressful. So I made a decision to eject myself from it completely. I was like, ‘Annnnd I'm out.'”
December 2014
Eva makes their first post-baby TV appearance on Ellen. “I'm so incredibly tired,” they said on the episode. “I thought I was tired before at times, but no. Nothing like this. But I wouldn't have it any other way.” They also opened up about how breastfeeding had helped with their slimmer figure. “I've always heard it. It really does help to shrink your uterus back to normal size. It does! I know it's a really weird thing to say, but it does. It's the best. So breastfeeding is really helping and then obviously you want to be healthy for the baby because she's eating kind of what I'm eating, so you want to make good choices."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
March 2015
Eva graces the April 2015 cover of Women's Health magazine some six months after giving birth. “I'm actually enjoying the sleepless nights because it's bonding with my little girl.” They add that they haven't' “earned the right” to give out mom advice, though. “I want to respect all the moms out there. They're just going to be like, ‘You know what? You're a few months in. Just shut up.'”
BEN WATTS | Women's Health
They later reveals to Extra that sweatpants are basically banned from their home, which many fans took to be the secret to keeping Ryan happy. “No. You can't do sweatpants. No, ladies. Number one cause of divorce in America.”
Ryan responds to the sweatpants comment on Twitter, pointing out that it was “obviously” a joke.
Obviously sweatpants thing was a joke. Wearing them now. That's right, tweeting in sweatpants. Rats! Said too much! You win again Twitter. — Ryan Gosling (@RyanGosling) March 20, 2015
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
To prove they really wears sweatpants at home, Eva shares a photo of them on Instagram. Aren't their floors lovely?
Dear favorite pair of sweatpants. I was just kidding when I said you're the #1 cause of divorce. Everyone knows that orange crocs are the #1 cause of divorce. Either way it was a bad joke and feel terrible if you or anyone thought I was serious. Thanks for understanding sweatpants. Sorry orange crocs. A post shared by Eva Mendes (@evamendes) on Mar 20, 2015 at 12:36am PDT
April 2015
Ryan's directorial debut, Lost River, starring Eva, Saoirse Ronan, Matt Smith, and Christina Hendricks, opens in theaters.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
August 2015
Ryan's longtime pupper George “models” for Eva's New York & Company collection.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
December 2015
Speaking to Hello! Magazine, Ryan says he's looking forward to the holidays with their family. “This will be our first Christmas where [Esmeralda is] sort of taking it all in, so that's exciting.” They also gush about being with their one true love, Eva. “I know that I'm with the person I'm supposed to be with,” they tell the magazine. They also say that the one quality they look for in a woman is “that she's Eva Mendes. There's nothing else I'm looking for.” BRB swooning.
May 2016
TMZ reports that Eva gave birth to the couple's second child, a girl named Amada Lee Gosling, on April 29 in Santa Monica, California, according to a birth certificate obtained by the site. News of their pregnancy was only reported by various outlets just weeks before.
Mike Marsland/WireImage
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
September 2016
A rep for the couple denies that Ryan and Eva are married following Us Weekly's report that the couple tied the knot “among a small group of family and friends" earlier in the year.
January 2017
Ryan thanks Eva, their “sweetheart,” in their Golden Globes acceptance speech for Best Actor in a Comedy or Musical for their performance in La La Land. “I'd like to thank one person properly,” they said. “When I was singing and dancing and playing piano and wanting the best experiences, my lady was raising our daughter, pregnant with our second, and trying to help their brother fight their battle with cancer. If they hadn't taken all of that on so I could have this experience, it'd surely be someone else up here.” Ryan also dedicated the award to Eva's brother Juan Carlos Mendez, who died of throat cancer in 2016.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
August 2017
Eva and Ryan are spotted back where it all began… in Disneyland. According to photos obtained by TMZ, the couple enjoyed a rare date night and stepped out in baseball caps to ride Big Thunder Mountain Railroad, It's a Small World, and Haunted Mansion.
September 2017
Eva and Ryan hold hands after the Saturday Night Live after party in NYC. The photos are everything.
Getty
Getty
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
October 2017
Ryan shares a cute story about their daughter Amada's recent trip – their first – to NYC during an appearance on Jimmy Kimmel Live! to promote Blade Runner 2049. “I brought them to the window in the morning and I said, ‘Sweetheart, welcome to New York.' Two cars went ‘smash' and smoke started pouring out… these two guys got out and I won't repeat the hand gestures for you but I quickly covered their eyes and ran away from the window.”
A few days later, Ryan appears on The Ellen DeGeneres Show to promote the film. After sharing sweet memories of their dog George, who died last December (R.I.P. George Gosling), Ryan briefly spoke about all the languages their kids have been learning at home. “They speak Spanish… it's Spanglish right now. My oldest is 3, my youngest is one and a half. She's not speaking Spanish yet.” Interestingly enough, when it was time to talk about Eva, Ryan started their sentence with “There's a fun saying that my...” before switching to “That Eva's family says.” That your what, Ryan? Just take off your shirt and tell us already.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Follow Peggy on Twitter and Cosmo Celeb on Facebook.
[February 02, 2018] New Wireless Weather with GPS, Colorimeter and Turbidity, and Heart Rate Sensors from PASCO Unleash New Opportunities for Hands-on Learning in Science
Over the last two years, PASCO®'s Wireless Sensors have transformed science classrooms by providing unprecedented flexibility and the possibility to conduct experiments that would have been too costly or time-consuming before. Today, PASCO introduces four new sensors to its award-winning line of Wireless Sensors to help students take their investigations to the next level: Wireless Weather Sensor with GPS, Wireless Colorimeter and Turbidity Sensor, Wireless Exercise Heart Rate Sensor, and Wireless Hand-Grip Heart Rate Sensor. The PASCO Wireless Weather Sensor with GPS is an all-in-one instrument for monitoring environmental conditions and analyzing spatial data. By incorporating several sensing elements into a single unit, it provides up to 17 different measurements. The GPS used in conjunction with the other measurements also makes it ideal for mappin and geographic information system (GIS) activities. In addition, students can use the new sensor in logging mode with a new Weather Vane Accessory for long-term environmental monitoring, or they can use it as a hand-held instrument to study microclimates and record ambient conditions relevant to many biological and environmental phenomena. The Wireless Colorimeter and Turbidity Sensor simultaneously measures the absorbance and transmittance of six different wavelengths. Students can use the sensor to determine the concentration of a solute, study the relationships between concentration and absorbance, investigate introductory spectroscopy with colored solutions, and study enzyme activity, photosynthesis, and the rates of chemical reactions, among many other uses. By using the accessory cuvettes and a calibration standard, the Wireless Colorimeter also functions as a turbidimeter for water quality analysis. Also new for 2018 are the Wireless Hand-Grip Heart Rate Sensor and the Wireless Exercise Heart Rate Sensor, which has an electrode belt that fits around the ribcage and can wirelessly transmit the cardiac signal up to 10 meters away. With the heart rate sensors, students can quickly and easily conduct continuous monitoring, or gather initial and final heart rate data points for comparison.
About PASCO PASCO has been designing, developing, and supporting innovative teaching and learning solutions for K-12 and higher education since 1964. Today teachers and students in more than 100 countries use PASCO solutions. For more information, visit www.pasco.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180202005086/en/
[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]
McCracken said Chretien's lack of response demonstrates that Nova Scotia's lobbying law is "toothless."
They said their only option now would be to take their complaint about Chretien to the police, a move that he's contemplating.
"It confirms everything I predicted at the time when I got my response from the registrar, which was that they (the registrar) were going to contact them and they (Chretien) was going to laugh in their face," they said in an interview.
The day before the meeting, Chretien had attended a conference in Sydney and told reporters about their role as an international adviser to Sydney Harbour Investment Partners.
When a Cape Breton Post reporter asked Chretien how he'd market the Sydney container port to the premier, the former prime minister said they felt the premier would be in favour of a provincewide approach to container ports.
"He (McNeil) said, 'He's for the development and they want development in Nova Scotia,' and he's the premier of all Nova Scotia. And there always competition between one city and another. But all the cities in Nova Scotia are in Nova Scotia, but they are the premier of Nova Scotia."
The provincial Liberal government has been cautious about the Sydney proposal, as a 2016 study prepared for the province and the federal Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency recommended against public money for a terminal that would compete against the Halifax port.
As the interview continued, Chretien was asked if the province should invest money in the container port proposal, and they replied: "I hope so."
When asked about another project along the Strait of Canso trying to develop a port, Chretien replied, "So what? I'm working for Sydney. I'm not working for them."
Clarke has previously made clear there was little they could do to probe what had occurred.
"The role of the Registrar of Lobbyists is to administer the Registry of Lobbyists. The Registrar is not an enforcement agent," MacInnis confirmed in an email to The Canadian Press.
A number of other provincial jurisdictions, including Ontario, and the federal commissioner of lobbying can probe citizen complaints and recommend police investigations.
Conacher said in an interview that he'd encourage McCracken to bring the media reports regarding Chretien's actions to the attention of police.
"He can say 'There's this story, and there's this law, can you please check into what the (former) prime minister's been doing,'" they said.
Conacher said in most jurisdictions, commissioners do an investigation and bring the matter to police if it's considered a crime was potentially committed. They said Nova Scotia should set up a similar system.
"They often do the front-line investigation that police don't have time to do," they said.
Nova Scotia legislation provides for a fine of not more than $25,000 for anyone who lobbies without registering first.
McCracken said they would have been content had Chretien registered as a lobbyist after their complaint, and agreed to follow the rules of lobbyists going forward.
These include requirements such as documenting if they have lobbied provincial politicians or government agencies on behalf of their client.
Nova Scotia's lobbyist registration law says lobbying includes communicating with a public servant "in an attempt to influence" the awarding of a contribution on behalf of government.
One of the definitions of a lobbyist under the Nova Scotia law is "an individual paid to lobby on behalf of a client."
A person who does this is required to disclose their name, address and the name of the company they're lobbying on behalf of, and the "subject matter" of their lobbying and who they've contacted.
By Michael Tutton, The Canadian Press
SPRING HILL, Fla. - Spring Hill twins will have an interesting story to share for the rest of their lives after they were born in two different years.
The Maternity Suites at Oak Hill Hospital proudly announced Monday the delivery of twins born in both 2016 and 2017.
Yullianna came into the world on December 31, 2016, at 11:43 p.m. Just one minute after midnight on January 1, 2017 they were followed by their brother Zane.
Yullianna weighed 7 pounds even and Zane weighed 6 pounds 14 ounces, according to a hospital spokesperson. And their mother, Geraldine, is doing fine.
Senior Congress leader V Hanumantha Rao today said former President Pranab Mukherjee should withdraw their decision to attend an RSS event as chief guest “in the interest of secularism”.
Mukherjee, who had held the highest post of President, should not attend the meeting of RSS as it is a “communal” organisation, the AICC Secretary and former Rajya Sabha member said.
“I am requesting them that they should withdraw,” Rao said.
They said Mukherjee was a senior Congress leader who has been held in high esteem by former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi, UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and Congress president Rahul Gandhi.
“Their (RSS) thinking is Hindutva. They are not secular. They want ‘Hindu desh'. How they (Mukherjee) can go? In this country, Hindu, Muslim, Sikh, Christian, everybody is there… So my request is they should rethink (his decision to attend the RSS meet) and they should not go,” they said.
Rao also said they would write to Mukherjee in this regard.
Mukherjee, who has been a Congress veteran, has been invited to be the chief guest at the valedictory function of Sangh Shiksha Varg — a training camp for the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh volunteers — at the RSS headquarters in Nagpur, scheduled on June 7.
The former president has accepted the invitation, an RSS functionary said recently.
Union Minister and senior BJP leader Nitin Gadkari had yesterday welcomed Mukherjee's decision to attend the event, saying the RSS was an organisation of nationalists and any kind of “political untouchability” is not good.
by
Naomi Nye will visit Kent School on May 1 and May 2. Nye is a prolific writer whose work touches all ages. On Monday, May 1, Nye holds a poetry reading and commentary at Kent School at 7:00 pm in the Library. The public is invited to attend this evening event. Books will be available for sale and can be signed by the author. Admission is free. On May 2, Nye will conduct poetry and writing workshops with Kent School students. Them visit to Kent School is made possible by the Kudner Leyon Memorial Endowment.
Naomi Nye describes themselves as a “wandering poet.” They have spent 40 years traveling the country and the world leading writing workshops and inspiring students of all ages. Nye was born to a Palestinian father and an American mother and grew up in St. Louis, Jerusalem, and San Antonio. Drawing on their Palestinian-American heritage, the cultural diversity of their home in Texas, and their experiences traveling in Asia, Europe, Canada, Mexico, and the Middle East, Nye uses their writing to attest to our shared humanity.
Nye is the author and/or editor of more than 30 volumes. I books of poetry include 19 Varieties of Gazelle: Poems of the Middle East, A Maze Me: Poems for Girls, Red Suitcase, Words under the Words, Fuel, and You & Yours (a best-selling poetry book of 2006).  They are also the author of Mint Snowball (paragraphs); Never in a Hurry and I'll Ask You Three Times, Are You Okay?, Tales of Driving and Being Driven (essays); Habibi and Going, Going (novels for young readers); Baby Radar, Sitti's Secrets, and Famous (picture books), and There Is No Long Distance Now (a collection of very short stories). Other works include several prize-winning poetry anthologies for young readers, including Time You Let Me In, This Same Sky, The Space Between Our Footsteps: Poems & Paintings from the Middle East, What Have You Lost?, and Transfer. Them collection of poems for young adults entitled Honeybee won the 2008 Arab American Book Award in the Children's/Young Adult category. Them novel for children, The Turtle of Oman , was chosen both a Best Book of 2014 by The Horn Book and a 2015 Notable Children's Book by the American Library Association. The Turtle of Oman was also awarded the 2015 Middle East Book Award for Youth Literature.
In preparation for this visit, Nancy Mugele, Head of Kent School, presented each student with a book written by Naomi. The girls received A Maze Me: Poems for Girls and boys received The Turtle of Oman.
“It has been my privilege and great pleasure to know Naomi Nye for a few years and I have seen firsthand the way they engage students in the art of writing poetry and verse. We are truly looking forward to their visit to inspire our community. I am excited to read the work our students will produce during their writing workshop and hope that our community will take part in the poetry reading. As a school we are celebrating National Poetry Month in April and it is the perfect lead into their visit on May 1 and May 2.Please join me for what promises to be a wonderful evening.”
Kent School, located on the bank of the Chester River in historic Chestertown, MD is an independent day school serving girls and boys from Preschool through Grade 8. The School's mission is to guide our students in realizing their potential for academic, artistic, athletic, and moral excellence. Our school's family-oriented, supportive, student-centered environment fosters the growth of honorable, responsible citizens for our country and our diverse world. For more information about Kent School visit www.kentschool.org or call 410-778-4100 ext. 110.
5 things to do for $5 (or less) this week in the suburbs
hello
Doggie diving
The DockDogs National Dog Jumping Competition is just one of the highlights of Libertyville's 10th annual Dog Days of Summer festival at Cook Park, 300 N. Milwaukee Ave., Libertyville. Free admission. Competing dogs must register in advance. (847) 362-2430 or libertyville.com. Noon to 6 p.m. Friday, July 6; 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Saturday, July 7; and 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Sunday, July 8
Christopher Lloyd and Michael J. Fox starred in the hit 1985 film "Back to the Future," which is screened at the Gorton Community Center in Lake Forest on Friday, July 6. - Courtesy of Universal Pictures
Travel back in time to both 1985 and 1955 via director Robert Zemeckis' sci-fi comedy "Back to the Future." The blockbuster film starring Michael J. Fox and Christopher Lloyd will be screened at the Gorton Community Center, 400 E. Illinois Road, Lake Forest. $5. (847) 234-6060 or gortoncenter.org. 7 p.m. Friday, July 6
Eagles tribute
Enjoy The Eagles tribute band Heartache Tonight as part of the 2018 Summer Breeze Concert Series at the Robert O. Atcher Municipal Center Grounds, 201 Schaumburg Court, Schaumburg. Free. (847) 895-3600 or prairiecenter.org. 7 p.m. Saturday, July 7
Classic cars
Appreciate the time and care taken by vintage car enthusiasts at the Park On Park Cruise Night. See pre-1977 vehicles on Wednesday at 469 N. Seymour Ave., Mundelein. Free. (847) 710-4629 or parkonpark.com. 5 to 9 p.m. Wednesday, July 11
Gene Wilder and Peter Ostrum starred in the 1971 film "Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory," which receives a free screening at College of DuPage's Lakeside Pavilion in Glen Ellyn. - Courtesy of Paramount Pictures
Watch out for bratty kids and moralizing Oompa Loompas when the 1971 classic family film "Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory" is screened at College of DuPage's Lakeside Pavilion, 425 Fawell Blvd., Glen Ellyn. Free. (630) 896-6666 or atthemac.org. 8 p.m. Thursday, July 12
The Bundy Museum in Binghamton unveiled a special First Friday exhibit titled "The Golden Age of Parlor City Pubs." The showcase focused on a collection of artifacts about Binghamton's bar culture from the 1900's through the present.
"The small restaurants, bars, and of course the churches around the First Ward are important cultural institutions through the last 100 years," said Andrew Pragacz, Exhibit Historical Researcher.
Pragacz says part of the inspiration for the exhibit came from their own experiences growing up. Their father owned JR's Tavern, which is now Sach's Tea House. They believe the bar culture shaped them into the person they are today.
"I grew up working there and that was really important for me because I was talking with the people that were coming in and I really developed a love for this area and for the working class culture here," said Pragacz.
Olivia C. Tonin designed the exhibition and hopes that people will get a new perspective on what Binghamton used to offer back in the day.
"It's just a way to show a different side of Binghamton," said Tonin. "The really beautiful, aesthetic, historic, important, culturally relevant side."
Items on display included the original Sharkey's Bar and Grill sign, posters and advertisements, as well as drink chips, and bar games. Pragacz's family and the Sharak family, which owns Sharkey's, donated many of the artifacts.
I'll take you inside the @BundyMuseum for a special exhibit on the former-bar scene in #Binghamton tonight on @wicztv. pic.twitter.com/BTQp3EglRW — Jonathan Gordon (@JGordonWICZ) February 2, 2018
The exhibit will remain open throughout the rest of the month.
MORGANTOWN, WVa. – East Carolina senior Travis Watkins has been named Third-Team All-America by the National Collegiate Baseball Writers Association (NCBWA) the organization announced Wednesday afternoon. With their selection, Watkins becomes the 28th All-American in school history and the third under ECU Head Coach Cliff Godwin.
A five-time Johnny Bench Award Watch List candidate and three-time semi-finalist, Watkins earned First-Team All-American Athletic Conference honors after leading the Pirates in 10 categories including fielding percentage (.994), hits (84), home runs (10), and multi-hit games (27), RBI (49), slugging percentage (.526) and total bases (130). They batted .340 with 47 runs scored and was named to the 2017 AAC All-Tournament Team after hitting at a .294 clip (5-for-17) with a home run and six RBI.
The Concord, N.C. native started 59 of 60 games, registering 27 multi-hit and 11 multi-RBI games to go along with 25 extra base hits and three game-winning RBI (LaSalle, Tulane, UCF). Of their 10 home runs, three were grand slams and in their final game at Lewis Field inside Clark-LeClair Stadium, they hit home runs in consecutive at-bats.
Off the field, they became the first Pirate to earn CoSIDA First-Team Academic All-America accolades as a senior boasting a 4.00 GPA. A two-time AAC All-Academic Team and 10-time ECU Director of Athletics selection, Watkins is currently pursuing their MBA after graduating magna cum laude with a degree in business management in the Spring of 2016.
Last week, Spencer Brickhouse was named a Freshman All-American by Collegiate Baseball, the third under Godwin.
Local Weather: An upper-level low is moving in our direction from the Atlantic and already bringing in tropical moisture to the Florida Peninsula. The National Weather Service of Miami is stating that it will be active this Independence Day. Strong storms likely. It will happen in rounds and it looks like early evening will be busy. Therefore, get your plans out-of-the-way early because some of the storms could become scattered to numerous producing funnel clouds, frequent lightning, hail and torrential rains.
Tropical Update:
An area of low pressure could form Southwest of Bermuda. In fact, The National Hurricane Center suggests that conditions are favorable for a tropical depression to form by the end of the week before it interacts with a front on Sunday. Right now it has a medium chance in developing through the next 5 days.
Conditions becoming favorable for development of an area of low pressure SW of Bermuda. A tropical depression could form before the end of the week. @wsvn @7weather pic.twitter.com/5LZsvkU37B — Vivian Gonzalez (@VivianGonzalez7) July 4, 2018
Small area of low pressure in the Eastern Atlantic Ocean is showing signs of organization as it is moving West-Northwest at 10-15 mph. Chance went up a little high to 30% (still low chance) for it form in the next couple of days.
Tropical wave in the Eastern Atlantic is showing signs of organization. Still has low chance to form through the next 5 days. @wsvn @7weather pic.twitter.com/1XlTckJd0Z — Vivian Gonzalez (@VivianGonzalez7) July 4, 2018
Have a wonderful day South Florida and make it a safe one!
Vivian Gonzalez
Meteorologist, AMS Certified
WSVN Channel 7
MIAMI (WSVN) - A woman accused of killing their baby in 1990 has taken the stand for a third trial.
Ana Maria Cardona faced a judge for their third trial, Monday. Cardona had perviously been sentenced to death twice before, but both convictions were overturned.
Now, prosecutors are opting for life behind bars for the murder of their 3-year-old son Lazaro Figueroa, known to many as “Baby Lollipops” due to the design they had on their shirt.
During their testimony, Cardona maintained their innocence and said a former lover was responsible.
Lazaro's body was found in the bushes outside of a MIami Beach home in 1990.
The child's battered body weighed only 18 pounds, leading investigators to believe they had been tortured.
Cardona previously said the boy's death was an accident — claiming they hit their head after falling from a bed and they discarded their body.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Schools Are Back In Session Soon; Watch For Students! August 12, 2017
The Missouri State Highway Patrol reminds drivers that many schools throughout the state are starting the 2017-2018 school year. This brings a change in traffic patterns - school buses and parents taking their children to school will join other motorists on the road and affect the morning and afternoon commute. It is critical for drivers to be alert, especially near school zones, playgrounds, and bicycle paths. Whatever route you drive, expect this additional traffic and prepare by allowing extra time to reach your destination.
Most traffic crashes involving young drivers (under the age of 21) in 2016 occurred between 3 p.m. and 4 p.m., when school typically lets out. Drivers need to be aware of the increased traffic during this time—not just in areas around school, but all around town. Many of these drivers are young and inexperienced. Parents: It is important to encourage those young drivers to remember driving is a full-time job. Using a cell phone, texting, or adjusting the radio can be the distraction that leads to a traffic crash. Texting is against the law for anyone under the age of 22.
Missouri law states that on a two-lane road, if a school bus is stopped and displaying warning signals while loading or unloading children, drivers must stop when meeting and following the bus. However, it is only necessary to stop on a four-lane highway when following the bus. Drivers, when you see a stopped school bus, stay alert and follow the law. Children may not be aware of traffic and dart unexpectedly into the roadway.
In 2016, one person was killed and 389 people were injured in school bus crashes. Missouri experienced 974 traffic crashes involving school buses last year. Parents are encouraged to talk to their children about riding a bus, walking, or driving to school in a safe manner. If they ride a bike, please make sure they wear a helmet and follow traffic laws. Let's help Missouri students return to school safely.
The only 100 percent survivable crash is the one that never happens. Make sure everyone in the vehicle is properly restrained in a seat belt or child restraint. Every day as we travel on Missouri's roadways, we trust that every driver on the road is going to obey the speed limit, pay attention, and drive sober. “Don't Violate The Trust.”
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Together again? Not so much.
Janet Jackson has shut down any rumors that they will be joining Justin Timberlake during this year's Super Bowl halftime show.
“To put to rest any speculation or rumors as to whether I will be performing at the Super Bowl tomorrow; I will not,” Jackson said in a statement released Saturday. “Thank you for your support and I do look forward to seeing you all very soon.”
Timberlake is returning to the halftime show 14 years after a wardrobe malfunction with Jackson caused a national controversy. Timberlake was Jackson's special guest during their performance at that year's game and ripped off a piece of their clothing, revealing their nipple. Timberlake later described it as an unintended “wardrobe malfunction.”
CBS, which aired that Super Bowl, was fined $550,000 by the Federal Communications Commission, but the fine later was overturned.
The hashtags (hash)JusticeforJanet and (hash)JanetJacksonAppreciationDay became trending topics on Twitter days before Timberlake's record third trip to the stage at the Super Bowl, at which the Philadelphia Eagles will face the New England Patriots at the U.S. Bank Stadium on Sunday.
At a press conference on Thursday, Timberlake mentioned Jackson's name, along with Jay-Z and ‘NSync, when talking about rumored guests to join them onstage. They were not asked any direct questions about Jackson or the infamous wardrobe malfunction.
When the NFL announced late last year that Timberlake would be returning to the Super Bowl, the decision triggered a backlash from women, minorities and others who felt Jackson was unfairly forced to pay a far higher price than Timberlake faced. Some argued that Jackson, as a black woman, fell victim to a racist and sexist double standard and received harsher treatment than Timberlake, as a white man, did, and they said they benefited from “white male privilege.”
When asked during an interview last month if they and Jackson have since made peace, Timberlake said, “Absolutely.”
They said they and Jackson have talked privately about what happened.
“I don't know that a lot of people know that,” Timberlake said. “I mean, I don't think it's my job to do that, because you value the relationships that you do have with people.”
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The government says U.S. airlines canceled fewer flights in 2016 than any year on record while also posting record-low numbers for lost bags and passengers getting bumped off oversold flights.
And it says airlines had one of their best years for on-time arrivals, although it wasn't a record and December was worse than the same month a year earlier.
The Transportation Department reported Tuesday that the 12 leading U.S. airlines canceled 1.17 percent of flights last year, the lowest rate among comparable figures going back to 1995. The previous best was 1.24 percent in 2002, when travel decreased after the terror attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.
So you might think it's all upgrades and free snacks in the air. Travelers know better.
Airlines have added extra fees for many things that used to be included in the ticket price. Changing a ticket? That will cost you up to $200, depending on the airline, and even more for international flights.
Average legroom has been shrinking for years. To squeeze in more seats, the cushions are getting thinner. Air travel is less egalitarian — the biggest airlines boast about fancy new seats and other amenities for passengers in the premium cabins, but they are also introducing “basic economy” fares that in some cases don't let coach passengers use the overhead bins.
Still, air travel is first about getting quickly from one place to another. And the airlines seem to be doing a better job of that.
The Transportation Department says 81.4 percent of domestic flights arrived on-time, which the government defines as within 15 minutes of the scheduled time.
That was the fourth-best year since 1995. But December's on-time rate of 75.6 percent was down from 77.8 percent in the previous December.
Hawaiian Airlines, Alaska Airlines and Delta Air Lines had the best on-time rates for the full year. December's leaders were Hawaiian, Delta and American Airlines. Spirit Airlines ranked last for 2016, but rival budget carrier Frontier Airlines was last in December.
The bad news was that there were more long delays in any year since 2013. There were 84 domestic flights last year that sat on the ground for more than three hours, and 36 international flights that waited at least four hours — long enough on all those flights that the government could fine the airlines.
The airlines reported that one bag was lost, stolen or delayed for every 370 passengers, the best rate since the Transportation Department started tracking the figure in 1987. Virgin America had the lowest rate of mishandled bags in 2016, while ExpressJet mishandled bags most often.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
0:41
Answers to solar eclipse questions you're too embarrassed to ask
2:03
McClatchy marks five years of captivity for journalist Austin Tice
7:26
Air China Limited reported (14-Jun-2017) the following traffic highlights for May-2017:
Passengers: 8.2 million, +3.9% year-on-year; Domestic: 6.9 million, +5.0%; International: 1.0 million, -0.5%; Regional: 351,200, -3.7%;
Passenger load factor: 78.7%, +0.9ppt; Domestic: 81.7%, +0.3ppt; International: 74.5%, +1.8ppts; Regional: 73.3%, +2.5ppts;
Cargo: 153,789 tonnes, +5.1%; Domestic: 85,646 tonnes, -0.6%; International: 61,318 tonnes, +14.8%; Regional: 6825 tonnes, +1.7%;
Cargo load factor: 58.8%, +4.0ppts; Domestic: 40.9%, -3.8ppts; International: 67.3%, +7.9ppts; Regional: 41.7%, +0.9ppt. [more - original PR - Chinese]
Police released surveillance video Saturday of two suspects wanted for attacking a Chinese food deliveryman and stealing their money in Washington Heights this week.
What to Know A deliveryman was attacked as they rode their bike in Washington Heights this week
Police released surveillance video of two teenage suspects on Saturday
The teens stole more than $100 from the deliveryman but they were not seriously injured in the attack, police say
Two teens attacked and robbed a bicyclist delivering Chinese food in Manhattan, police say.
The deliveryman was attacked Thursday evening as they were on a bicycle on West 186th Street in Washington Heights, according to police.
One of the teens punched the 38-year-old deliveryman in the head, knocking them off their bike and into a parked car, according to police.
The second teen then rummaged through the deliveryman's pockets and stole $130 in cash, police said.
After robbing the deliveryman, the teens took off down 186th Street. Police said they believe the suspects are in their mid-to-late teens.
The victim suffered head pain but refused medical attention.
Anyone with information in regards to this incident is asked to call the NYPD's Crime Stoppers Hotline at 1-800-577-TIPS (8477) or for Spanish, 1-888-57-PISTA (74782).
—
Four young queer Aboriginal people spoke to Jesse Jones about the diverse issues that matter to them and the hard work they're doing to spark change.
***
Tynan Winmar says being Aboriginal and gay is still a double stigma in Australia.
From a Noongar and Koori background, Winmar is the son of former AFL star Nicky Winmar. They were an ambassador for the first Pride Game in 2016.
“I thought it was a great opportunity to not only make a difference in the AFL community where it's such a stereotypically masculine environment, but to share a part of my story that I for a long time didn't think was that important to anyone,” says Winmar.
“It was nerve-wracking to put myself out there. It's one thing to tell your family and friends that you're gay; it's another thing to tell all of Australia.”
Winmar has stayed involved with advocacy for LGBTI people in sport since being a Pride Game ambassador.
“It was a really rewarding experience,” they say.
“It created a powerful platform within the AFL, because there are no openly gay male AFL players.
“It's not to force anyone out of the closet, but to create a safe environment for everyone to feel included.”
Winmar doubts that anyone currently in the AFL competition will come out, and says it's more likely that the next generation of players coming from regional leagues will include guys who are openly gay.
“No one wants to be that first player, that focal point,” they say.
Winmar says their own father has admitted to engaging in homophobic behaviour and sledging in the past, but has changed their ways.
“He reflected on their behaviour back then, and if a 50-year-old man can learn from their mistakes and be able to change, then anyone can do that—especially in such a toxic environment,” says Winmar.
“It's even harder when you're Indigenous. Being an Indigenous player in the ‘90s, they used to go from the clubrooms to the football ground and get spat on. That was the kind of mentality there was back then, not even that long ago.
“It was really important to use my story not only to promote [LGBTI] equality within the AFL, but also to promote Indigenous equality.
“For anyone that says pride games are just a political statement: well, it is a political statement, and it's a statement that we need until there's equality for everyone.”
Writer Nayuka Gorrie is a Kurnai/Gunai, Gunditjmara, Wiradjuri, and Yorta Yorta woman who doesn't describe themselves as an activist, but uses their words to educate and rally for change.
“I think black people are politicised because we're still here and survived genocide,” they say.
“Just existing is a political act.”
Gorrie writes on black, queer, and feminist issues, and she's moving into television, co-writing and performing in the upcoming season of Black Comedy.
“The show is really great, there have been a lot of gay black men, but we have not really had any queer black women represented,” they say.
“I don't know if I've ever seen a queer black woman on screen talking about queer stuff.
“It's giving straight people a glimpse into queer culture and queer humour, but there's also conversations there about power and race and sexuality.
“I really like comedy as a way to balance out the shitty things in the world. To make people laugh but also make them think, make fun of your oppressor.”
Gorrie calls for decolonisation in Australia—”de-centring the settler” and “unravelling colonial structures and processes”.
“We've never had a moment where we've stopped the colonial process,” they say.
“Other countries have been through decolonisation as part of their nationhood, but we've never had that. Aboriginal people were colonised, and we've just kept moving forward.
“Things like reconciliation can't really happen if we still have a colonised people.”
At the heart of Gorrie's work is a desire to undo racist structures in Australia.
“I'm mostly concerned with dismantling white supremacy,” they say.
“Everything I do is hopefully chipping away at that and the structures that hold people down.
“If we all do our stuff, change does happen.”
Another young person fighting for change is Bundjalung brotherboy Travis Fox, a tireless advocate for trans people living in out-of-home care.
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander young people are almost ten times more likely to be in out-of-home care, according to a government report, and the number living in care has doubled in the decade since the stolen generations apology.
Last year's court decision that trans teens no longer need to go through the courts to start hormone therapy was a huge breakthrough—but with parental consent still required, those who are under the care of a government department still need court authorisation for treatment.
“I instantly got onto Change.org and in contact with people who could help me out to change this,” says Fox.
“Birth parents of young people in out-of-home care no longer have parental responsibility of a young person, the department does. So what's stopping them from giving consent?
“If they can give consent to irreversible eye or leg surgery, why can't they do so for [this] therapeutic need? They choose where you live, who cares for you, everything that is involved about you, but when it comes to trans health care, it's out of their hands?”
Fox also advocates for young people as a member of the New South Wales Youth Advisory Council. They were selected from more than 900 applicants to join the diverse group that forms the council.
“The council provides a direct avenue of communication between young people and the state government,” Fox explains.
“We meet regularly throughout the year to provide advice to the Minister for Youth and the Advocate for Children and Young People on issues, policies, and laws that affect children and young people.”
Davey Thompson is a Bidjara, Inningai, Wakka Wakka, and Gubbi Gubbi man who's involved with activism through storytelling in a number of areas, including HIV awareness and fighting stigma.
Thompson is one of the faces of the current U=U campaign, which is helping to raise awareness that undetectable equals untransmissible: that people who are living with HIV and have an undetectable viral load (that's almost everyone on treatment) cannot pass on the virus.
“I've had the opportunity to keep spreading that message even further,” they say.
“I got a chance to speak at the campaign launch, and I also spoke on Triple J's The Hook Up to keep that message spreading, which was really cool and quite exciting. That was probably my proudest moment, speaking directly to that young demographic who need that message.”
Thompson says they also want older people to understand just how different things are now with HIV.
“Part of the message for older generations is that the world they were living in with HIV is coming to a close,” they say.
“We don't need to be seeing those fear campaigns anymore, and the dynamic of the virus has completely evolved, to the point where we could see the eradication of it within our lifetime.”
They say the stigma around HIV can impact Indigenous people differently, because they fall into multiple marginalised groups.
“We're all human, and any box that you add to that—queer, Indigenous, HIV-positive—is just another layer,” Thompson says.
“When you're in two of those layers as it is, it can be a heavy load.
“But there's a lot of strength in our culture, and solace and healing as well. The Indigenous people living with HIV that I know have found a lot of that healing through their culture too.”
The main goal of Thompson's work is to help fight the stigma for people living with HIV.
“They're still really lovely, wonderful people who deserve as much love and respect as all of us get every day. That's my message,” they say.
They add that all activism needs to centre the people it concerns.
“To quote Casey Donovan, it's about listening with your heart,” they say.
“Let it be led by the people who are most affected by it, because tokenism belongs in the ‘90s.”
How To Quell Wanderlust Between Trips Five tips to help cope with the strong desire to get away from it all in advance of your next big trip
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S. A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
Christians allege discrimination in relief materials distribution
No fewer than 30 Boko Haram terrorists have killed an Islamic scholar and injured a teenage boy in Mifa village, Chibok Local Council of Borno State, a resident said yesterday in Maiduguri.
They said the attack occurred at 9.30 p.m. on Monday before soldiers were deployed to the village yesterday morning.Confirming the incident in Maiduguri, a military source said the insurgents entered the village through the south flank of Sambisa Forest, shooting sporadically to scare away the villagers before killing the Islamic scholar.
“Soldiers stationed in Chibok were quickly drafted and we were able to repel the attack and killed one of the terrorists,” the source said.
Residents of Chibok, who spoke with The Guardian yesterday on telephone, expressed fears that the community may be attacked again despite military's presence in the area.
“You know this is getting too much. Chibok is surrounded by bush and the borders are not well patrolled. We cannot sleep well because of fear and that is why we want the soldiers to resume their mobile patrol,” another Mifa resident said.
Meanwhile, the Presidential Committee on North-East Initiatives (PCNI) has said that the N45 billion budgeted by Federal Government to feed over 2.6 million Internally- Displaced Persons (IDPs) in the North-East was grossly inadequate.
The PCNI pointed out that this was especially so when compared to what the international community spends on humanitarian services.According to the PCNI, the country requires N108 billion to effectively and efficiently intervene and feed IDPs in camps and liberated communities of the affected states in the northeastern part of the country.
Senator Mohammed Ali Ndume, who led members of the panel to the Deputy Governor of Borno State, Usman Durkwa, on the humanitarian crisis to feed displaced persons, stated this yesterday in Maiduguri, the Borno State capital.
They noted that the Federal Government budgeted N12 billion last year and N45 billion in 2017.The contributions of the international community to the humanitarian crisis in the region, they noted, was more than that of the Federal Government.
In another development, victims of the Boko Haram insurgency from seven local councils of Adamawa State yesterday decried the discrimination against Christians in the sharing of relief materials meant for them.
They called for the intervention of the state and federal governments to help alleviate their sufferings.The victims, who are from Mubi North, Mubi South, Madagali, Maiha, Hong, Michaka and Gombi council areas, urged the government to review efforts made so far towards restoring the North-East to check its effectiveness.
Leader of the group, Rev. Paul Alhamadu, faulted government's claim that it has defeated Boko Haram. They said that there were still silent attacks in some of the villages with no effective intervention from the government in terms of relief, compensation or rehabilitation since the insurgency.
Name:
Image caption Sarah and Laura Ayoub say their musical education in Scotland was crucial
Sarah and Laura Ayoub arrive at the Royal Conservatoire of Scotland, slightly flustered.
The train from their family home on the outskirts of Glasgow was cancelled and they had to dash - with cello and violin - to make our appointment.
But within minutes, they're composed and calm, playing a piece for our cameras.
At just 22 and 24, the Ayoub Sisters have already established themselves as a major force in the classical world.
They've collaborated with Mark Ronson, recording a classical version of Uptown Funk which they performed at the BRIT awards.
Their first album - recorded in a day at London's Abbey Road Studio - was released last October and immediately went to number one in the iTunes Official Classical Artists Album Charts.
It's only a short time ago that Sarah was studying music in this very building (Laura studied at the Royal College of Music in London) and that's why they're here today. Like many professional musicians, they believe their successful careers would not have happened without the music education they received in Scotland.
'Fully funded'
"It was hugely important to us," says Laura.
"Not only one-to-one lessons with really spectacular teachers but the whole environment, being able to play in an orchestra, sing in a choir, play in a chamber music group and get coaching on a weekly basis was really crucial to get an overall all encompassing understanding of classical music."
"I enjoyed singing, piano and violin and was lucky enough to learn them all but it's such a luxury to learn three different instruments and be fully funded to do them all. It's sad to think that some won't get that opportunity if they show interest in more than one."
In some parts of the country, even one instrument is a challenge. Highland Council is one of 22 local authorities who charge for music tuition. Earlier this month they transferred responsibility for the music tuition service to the arms length charity High Life Highland, including 55 music tutor posts.
Composer and fiddle player Duncan Chisholm learned their craft from an elderly crofter, but they also received subsidised lessons in school, and believes all children, wherever they live, should have access to music lessons without worrying about the cost.
"I think it will be a barrier," they say.
"Music is the heart of education, so important to the well being of children and social integration and it's unacceptable in 21st century Scotland that children can only get access to music if they can afford it. It's not acceptable at all."
Image caption Pupils from the string section of the Renfrewshire schools band
Of the ten local authorities who don't charge for music tuition, only one - Renfrewshire - has increased its spending. The council pledged £200,000 towards the cost of music tuition as part of Paisley's bid for UK City of Culture last year, and although they weren't successful, they're keeping their commitment.
Peter McLeod, director of children's services, said: "Clearly there are real pressures on local authorities and their budgets.
"Speaking for Renfrewshire, we have just been on a huge journey in terms of our bid for City of Culture 2021. We didn't quite make it in terms of the accolade but our journey continues and it's about cultural regeneration and we're proud of the ability to invest more in widening access and increasing participation.
"No child in Renfrewshire should be unable to develop a musical skill because they can't afford a musical instrument. That is not going to happen in this local authority. That is an exciting prospect."
It's a prospect which some areas can't even imagine. Clackmannanshire recently voted to double the cost of music tuition. With some exceptions, parents will now pay £524 a year.
West Lothian has just launched a consultation about its planned cuts. Dame Evelyn Glennie and Nicola Benedetti are among those backing a local campaign - Save Our Strings.
Paolo Nutini and the composer, Patrick Doyle have also given their support to a nationwide campaign - Develop not Dismantle - which hopes to lobby headteachers and politicians on the importance of music education across Scotland.
The fear - expressed by the former head of the Royal Conservatoire of Scotland, John Wallace, - is that council music education services could "cease to exist" if cuts continue at the current rate.
The EIS teaching union has also expressed concern about a dramatic fall in the number of music teachers - from 1,100 to 640 over the past decade.
John Wallace leads MEPG - the Music Education Progress Group - which advises the Scottish government but many believe it's the government which needs to step in with a strategy and funding.
They, in turn, point to their investment in the Youth Music Initiative.
Image caption The Ayoub sisters want other young musicians to get free access to tuition
Speaking at the latest £1.6m launch in Edinburgh, Culture Secretary Fiona Hyslop said: "The Youth Music Initiative is primarily identified for primary schools, to ensure that every young person across Scotland, regardless of income will experience music tuition by the time they reach Primary 6. That's an important part of the national provision.
"Local authorities are responsible for their own local provision but what we have seen is that because of Youth Music Initiative at primary, many pupils arrive at secondary school with a real desire to play music. A
"A challenge we see is whether for that additional music tuition, there should be charging for it."
They added: "I'm very clear I don't think there should be but I'm also very understanding that these decisions are made by local councils responsible for their own budget."
Campaigners say in the current climate, that's not nearly enough. And it's not just the next generation of musicians who could be lost according to Sarah Ayoub.
"There are colleagues that I went to school with who are now the best dentists, doctors, entrepreneurs and lawyers. They went through all the grades, the competitions, the festivals and the lessons," they said.
"These students missed academic classes to go to flute lessons and they still excelled. I firmly believe musical education enhances your life and you don't have to become a musician to feel the benefits."
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
In theory, each of the 162 games in Major League Baseball's regular season hold the same importance to a team. But on Sunday night, the New York Yankees suffered one of those defeats that feels like a 10-game losing streak all by itself.
RELATED: Watch a Dodgers prospect hit the craziest home run you've ever seen
The Yankees held a one-run lead in the bottom of the ninth inning over the rival Red Sox in a pivotal game for the A.L. East standings. They had their closer, Aroldis Chapman, a man who throws a baseball harder than anyone in history, on the mound. And at the plate was a 20-year-old lefty named Rafael Devers. Although Devers is a big-time prospect, we mention that he's a lefty because no lefty had hit a home run off the left-handed flamethrower Chapman in more than six years. At least, until Sunday night when Devers did this to a 103(!)-mile-per-hour fastball:
Devers' blast broke the record for the fastest pitch (Technically, it was only 102.8 MPH) ever hit for a home run, and Boston went onto win in the 10th inning to take the series and move 5.5 games in front in the standings. The incredible highlight was seen by millions, but maybe just as many people will see this seflie reaction video posted by a Yankess fan, who quickly went from jubilant to stunned as Devers took Chapman deep -- and has been mocked constantly since:
Not to sound like an old fart, but can't anyone just witness something without documenting it anymore? Can't we just live for two seconds without whipping out our cell phones? Sorry, bud, but you brought this on yourself.
RELATED: Masters hero throws out 1st pitch at Dogers game -- wearing golf shoes
WATCH MORE VIDEOS FROM THE LOOP
Want More News Like This?
CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site, along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets.
The White House is narrowing its list of candidates to replace former national security adviser Michael Flynn and has already interviewed former CENTCOM deputy director Robert Harward about the vacancy, according to a senior administration official.
The official said they spoke to Harward last week and again on Monday.
"We've been getting our ducks in a row for a long time," the official said.
The comments indicate that Flynn's exit had been anticipated for some time as controversy swirled around their conversation with the Russian ambassador during the White House transition and their subsequent comments that misled then-Vice President-elect Pence about those conversations.
Trump asked for Flynn's resignation on Monday night, citing an "evolving and eroding level of trust," White House press secretary Sean Spicer said during Tuesday's briefing.
Spicer told reporters Tuesday evening that the administration hopes to announce a replacement by the end of the week. But they cautioned that Trump has not yet made a decision.
Robert Harward is a retired Navy vice-admiral who was the deputy director of the U.S. Central Command under now-Defense Secretary James Mattis during the Obama administration. They served on the National Security Council during the George W. Bush administration. As ABC News notes, Harward was the deputy commander of U.S. Joint Forces Command and led Combined Joint Interagency Task Force 435 in Afghanistan. They also led troops in Afghanistan and Iraq after the September 11 terrorist attacks.
Harward is currently the Chief Executive for Lockheed Martin operations in the United Arab Emirates. He's the son of a Naval officer and grew up in Iran, graduated from the Tehran American School. They speak Farsi.
Other candidates believed to be under consideration for the job are former CIA director and retired four-star Gen. David Petraeus and Keith Kellogg, a retired lieutenant general who was named the acting national security adviser after Flynn's resignation.
Petraeus would be a controversial choice given the scandal that caused them to resign in 2009 as head of the CIA. They pleaded guilty in 2015 to sharing classified information with their biographer Paula Broadwell, with whom they were having an extramarital affair. Petraeus was given two years probation (which runs through April of this year) and had to pay a $100,000 fine, but they avoided jail time due to a plea deal. Petraeus met with Trump during the transition and was in the mix to be Secretary of State. Before their fall from grace, Petraeus was a widely-respected general who helped lead military US strategies in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Kellogg is a retired three-star Army lieutenant general who was a foreign policy adviser to Trump's campaign. As NPR's Tom Bowman noted, they served in the Vietnam War with 101st Airborne Division and was commander of the 82nd Airborne. Kellogg also served in Iraq as a leader with the Coalition Provisional Authority, the interim government after the fall of Saddam Hussein.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – A coach is facing charges after hitting a 5-year-old with a tennis racket, but they and their lawyer told CBS4 that's not the whole truth.
Osmailer Torres' attorney says their client accidentally struck the child during a tennis lesson all while trying to protect other pupils.
Because of that, the lawyer is asking the court to grant their client immunity.
Surveillance video released by the State Attorney's Office released surveillance video of the incident which took place in April of 2016 at Miami's First Presbyterian Church on Brickell Avenue.
According to court documents, the instructor had already reprimanded the child and isolated them to keep them from striking other children.
The little boy is seen opening the door at the playground and making their way toward the instructor and other children.
There's a brief exchange with the tennis instructor and then the instructor appears to strike the child before the child goes back to the playground area.
The 31-year-old Torres was arrested in July of 2016 and charged with child abuse.
Torres' lawyer says when questioned by detectives their client maintained their innocence explaining that if the child was hit it was accidental.
The lawyer released a statement that read, in part:
“Mr. Torres was not trying to hit anyone, rather they were trying to stop some routine horseplay before someone was injured more seriously. Mr. Torres was unaware that the child had even been hit until they were informed by police officers.”
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
0:45 Cam Newton makes young fan's wish come true
0:27 Panthers WR Kelvin Benjamin looks forward to playing Josh Norman
2:12 Previewing Carolina Panthers versus Washington on Monday Night Football
2:03 Steve Smith hosts annual Lace Up Son Family 5K
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Plenty to discuss, so here are the takeaways from the 2017 Hall of Fame's announcement of the Baseball Writers Association of America's voting results:
1. The Steroid-Era Scapegoats are halfway done here. And they're past the halfway approval mark, too. At this rate, they will enjoy their deserved day in the sun.
Roger Clemens jumped from 45.2 percent to 54.1 percent, a healthy 8.9-percentage-point leap, and Barry Bonds climbed from 44.3 percent to 53.8 percent, an even better 9.5-percentage-point hike. With five years each on the ballot, they must reach the 75 percent threshold in the next five years, or else they will face what very likely will be a far less welcoming group in a veterans committee.
The worm sure appears to be turning for these two all-time greats. One X-factor to consider: What happens next year when the BBWAA makes all of its ballots public? This year, again, both Bonds and Clemens dropped notably from the pre-announcement public votes to the final tally. Bonds fell from 64.4 percent and Clemens from 63.2 percent. Will all of those nay voters, knowing they'll have to account for their decisions, stick to the courage of their convictions?
Interestingly, Bonds and Clemens received an endorsement from new electee Jeff Bagwell, who said, “They were just awesome. Their demeanor, the way they went about their business, was amazing. I respect them. I'm a fan, put it that way.”
2. Trevor Hoffman, second to Mariano Rivera in career saves, fell just five votes short, getting support from 327 of the 442 panelists in their second year of consideration. He's a slam dunk for induction next year, as is Vladimir Guerrero, who picked up 317 votes for 71.7 percent.
Someone will have to explain to me how Hoffman can start writing their 2018 speech whereas former Met Billy Wagner, who put up a 187 ERA+ to Hoffman's 141, lurks near the bottom at 10.2 percent. I didn't vote for either, yet I'd rank Wagner over Hoffman.
3. As Jeff Passan of Yahoo noted on Twitter, only three players have passed the 50 percent mark and then not made it all the way to 75 percent. That bodes well for Bonds and Clemens, as well as Mariners icon Edgar Martinez (58.6 percent), in their eighth year, and Clemens' Yankees teammate Mike Mussina (51.8 percent), in their fourth year. Martinez got 43.4 percent and Mussina 43 percent last year.
The gridlock continues to clear, thanks to a fourth straight year of multiple electees (and with Lee Smith, who got 34.2 percent in their final year, out), so even with a strong 2018 rookie class including Chipper Jones, Jim Thome, Scott Rolen and Andruw Jones, Martinez and Mussina can expect to continue ascending. Martinez must work faster, with just two years left, yet new electee Tim Raines climbed from 55 percent to their election-worthy 86 percent in just two years.
4. Only two returnees dropped from the 2016 vote, and one, Wagner, merely tripped from 10.5 percent to 10.2 percent. The other, though? Curt Schilling slid hard from 52.3 percent to 45 percent. Wow! That just doesn't happen.
see also Curt Schilling: Shirt endorsing lynching journalists is 'awesome' Curt Schilling plus Twitter is a recipe for disaster. The former...
Schilling clearly paid a heavy price for publicly tweeting an image that expressed a desire to see journalists lynched. Will that be a one-year condemnation, or has Schilling, in their fourth year, inflicted serious damage on their candidacy? Next year should provide a solid answer. Unless, of course, Schilling tweets more imbecilic stuff between now and then, which constitutes the safest bet here.
5. It will be a tough row to hoe for Schilling's former Red Sox teammate Manny Ramirez, who debuted with 23.8 percent. Manny is the second suspended illegal performance-enhancing drug user, following Rafael Palmeiro, to get on the ballot. Palmeiro started out at 11 percent and fell off the ballot, at 4.4 percent, in their fourth year of eligibility.
Count on Manny exceeding that low bar. Election, though? They will have to wait out the Bonds-Clemens saga and then see if mores change enough to green-light someone with two failed tests rather than just good evidence. Monitoring Manny's case from afar, undoubtedly? Confirmed illegal PED user Alex Rodriguez.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) – Minneapolis businesses with at least 100 employees will have a new minimum wage in a few short weeks.
City officials said starting Jan. 1, 2018, large businesses will be required to pay their employees at least $10 per hour. The ordinance applies to all employees, regardless of immigration status.
The Minneapolis City Council voted back in June to increase the minimum wage. It will eventually increase to $15 per hour by 2022. The ordinance applies to most city employees, even those who earn tips.
The current minimum wage in Minneapolis ranges from $7.75 to $9.50 per hour.
By July 1, 2018, the large business minimum wage will be $11.25, and it will increase to $12.25 by July of 2019. For small businesses, which have 100 or fewer employees, there will be no increase on Jan. 1, 2018. The minimum wage will go up to $10.25 per hour on July 1 and $11 per hour on July 1, 2019.
City officials say there are more than 84,000 people working in Minneapolis with incomes below the federal poverty level.
A pedestrian was struck and killed by a vehicle Sunday night, according to Las Vegas Metro police.
Officers responded to the incident at 11:17 p.m. near Eastern Avenue and Ogden Avenue.
Citing evidence at the scene, police said a 2003 Honda Civic was heading south on Eastern Avenue approaching the intersection at Ogden Avenue when it struck a pedestrian walking in the right travel lane.
The 54-year-old pedestrian was taken to University Medical Center with serious injuries, but was later pronounced dead, police said.
The driver of the Honda remained at the scene, police said.
This marked the 26th traffic-related fatality in Metro's jurisdiction.
The Clark County Coroner's Office will later release the identity of the victim.
An investigation on the crash is ongoing.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Gov. Cuomo's “fantastic'' candidate in the important Nov. 3 special state Senate election will be “crushed'' by their Republican opponent because Cuomo reneged on their pledge to go all out...
XENIA — Tryouts are soon beginning for Xenia spring sports.
There will be individual spring team meetings for baseball and softball at 6:45 p.m. Thursday, Feb. 15 at Xenia High School Auditorium.
Tryouts for XHS baseball will be from 4:30-6:30 p.m. Monday-Wednesday, Feb. 19-21. For more information contact Head Coach Barry Claus 937-372-9937 or email bclaus@xenia.k12.oh.us. High school baseball practice starts Feb. 19.
XHS softball tryouts will be 6:30-8:30 p.m. Monday-Wednesday, Feb. 19-21. For more information contact Head Coach John Miner by email at jminer1@yahoo.com.
Players should bring clothes for inside and outside practices each day.
XHS track and field tryouts will be Monday, March 5. A team meeting will be scheduled at a future date. Practices will be held from 3-5 p.m. at Doug Adams Stadium. For students who don't have transportation, there will be a bus to shuttle athletes to Doug Adams. Plan on practicing outside every day. Head Coach Matt Bartley can be contacted by email at mbartley@xenia.k12.oh.us.
The high school boys tennis team will host tryouts and practice 5:30-7 p.m. Monday, March 5. Contact Head Coach Steve Cukovecki by email at steve_cukovecki@wilmington.edu for more information.
Warner Middle School baseball tryouts and practice begins 2:45-4:45 p.m. Tuesday-Thursday, Feb. 20-22. Contact Head Coach Joe Swanson at their email: jswanson@xenia.k12.oh.us.
Warner Middle School Softball tryouts and practice run from 5-7 p.m. Tuesday, Feb. 20. Contact Head Coach Marcus Fails can be reached at mfailsmd3@gmail.com for more information.
Warner Middle School Track will host tryouts and practice from 4:30-6 p.m. Monday, March 5. Contact Head Coach Sean Wakefield by email at seanwakefield76@gmail.com for more information.
All student athletes must have all of their paperwork completed and turned in before tryouts.
Listen to the full story here.
Democratic state Rep. Rebecca Chavez-Houck introduced legislation on Tuesday that would bring Ranked Choice Voting to elections in Utah.
With Ranked Choice Voting, voters select their candidates on the ballot in order of preference. If no candidate has a majority of first preference votes, than the last place candidate is eliminated and the second preference votes are considered. This process goes on until the winning candidate has majority support from the electorate.
Michelle Whittaker, Director of Communications with FairVote, said that Ranked Choice Voting can help make elections more representative.
“In our current plurality system, when they're campaigning, they're looking at only their base and getting their base out to vote in that election. So, [Ranked Choice Voting] changes the dynamic in terms of the civility in the race,” Whittaker said. “More voters have a voice and they're able to raise their concerns. It just opens up the opportunity for more people to be part of that conversation about what are the best policies that we want to put forward in our community and who best represents the community at large.”
Other states have experimented with voting in order to increase the number of elections where the winner also has majority support. Louisiana uses a two-round voting system in which the top two candidates face a separate runoff election.
Last November, Maine became the first state in the nation to approve Ranked Choice Voting for both state and federal elections. Whittaker said that Maine voters wanted elected officials to enter office with a solid mandate.
“In Maine, they wanted to have elected leaders who won with the majority of the vote. You could look at the governor's races where Republican, Democratic, and independent governors were elected with less that a majority,” they said. “This has been something that's been occurring for a number of years. Nine out of the last 10 governors have not been elected with a majority and so they said, ‘There's a need for us to look at our elections and come up with a way that we have that majority winner.'”
The Utah Republican Party has used Ranked Choice Voting several times in nomination contests in the past.
Meet Jacqueline Fernandez As Jessica
Salman revealed this new poster and captioned it as, "Jessica: Raw power . #Race3 #Race3ThisEid @Asli_Jacqueline @SKFilmsOfficial @TipsOfficial." From the actor's tweet, it's quite evident that Jacqueline is going to kick some butt and leave us stunned with them never-seen before action sequences.
Clad in a black outfit and holding a gun in hand, the actor means some serious business here.
It's All Hard Work
We hear that Jacqueline took extensive training in Mixed Martial Arts for their role. Speaking about their training, their fitness trainer Kuldeep Sashi had earlier said, "Jacqueline is someone who has an athletic body type, so they do not require any special regime to tone up herself. However, as a requirement to their character, they are undergoing extensive MMA training, focusing towards kicking and punching. The action sequences that Jacqueline has to perform are very demanding. They require application of the right techniques. As they have never performed hand-to-hand combat or martial arts before, getting the style and techniques right is our only focus."
"There have been a lot of additions to Jacqueline's diet.  They are consuming more calories these days owing to the extensive action sequences they have to deliver onscreen," they had further added.
Besides training in Mixed Martial Arts which includes Jiu Jitsu, boxing, kickboxing and Thai boxing, they also took up Electric Muscle Stimulation (EMS) sessions.
They Aren't Playing A Cop
The actor had earlier clarified, I do not play a cop in Race 3. That was just a speculation. My character and role...I don't think can be revealed till we see the film as Race 3 is that kind of film where everything is a suspense. But yeah, one thing is for sure - there will definitely be a lot more action for me to do in this film which I am very happy about."
Some Pole Dance Surprise
After giving us some sneak-peek of their pole-dancing skills in 'Chandralekha' song, the makers of Race 3 have also included a pole dance sequence in the film only for the leggy lass.
Remo shared, "Jacqueline is a very hardworking girl. It is amazing to see what they have accomplished with the pole dance form in such a short span of time. We have all seen glimpses of their pole dance skills hence we decided to include it in Race 3 and take it to the next level."
Mark The Date In Your Calendar Right Away
Directed by Remo D'Souza, Race 3 boosts of an ensemble cast featuring Salman Khan, Jacqueline Fernandez, Anil Kapoor, Bobby Deol, Daisy Shah and Saqib Saleem. The action thriller is slated to release on 15th June, 2018.
TORONTO, ONTARIO--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Augusta Industries Inc. (the "Corporation") (TSX VENTURE:AAO) is pleased to announce that it has released its financial results for the year ended December 31, 2016. For the year ended December 31, 2016, the Corporation had record revenues of $4,596,000, an increase of $2,478,000 or 117% as compared to the year ended December 31, 2015.
"We are pleased with the record sales and the financial results for 2016," said Allen Lone, President of the Corporation. "The results are an indication of the success that the Corporation has had in 2016 and are a true reflection of the Corporation's efforts to increase its sales, decrease costs and focus on a growing market."
Other highlights:
Net income before tax for the year ended December 31, 2016 was $6,000 as compared to a loss of $925,000 for the year ended December 31, 2015, an improvement of $931,000.
Gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2016 was $1,026,000 (22%) an increase of $484,000 or approximately 89% as compared to $542,000 (26%) for the year ended December 31 st 2015.
2015. The Corporation's operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2016 were $1,019,000, a reduction of $225,000 or 17% as compared to $1,244,000 for the same period in 2015.
Consolidated Financial Highlights
Years ended December 31, 2016 2015 $'000s $'000s Sales $ 4,596 $ 2,118 Cost of sales (3,570 ) (1,576 ) Gross profit 1,026 542 Expenses Research and development (155 ) (199 ) Selling (34 ) (48 ) General and administrative (830 ) (997 ) Total expenses (1,019 ) (1,244 ) Income (loss) before the undernoted 7 (702 ) Finance costs (18 ) (80 ) Loss on sale of investments - (133 ) Unrealized gain on investments - 90 Foreign exchange gain (loss) 17 (100 ) Net income (loss) for the year before tax $ 6 $ (925 )
The financial statements, notes to the financial statements and Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended December 31, 2016 are available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com.
About the Corporation:
Through its wholly owned subsidiaries, Marcon International Inc. ("Marcon") and Fox-Tek Canada Inc. ("Fox- Tek"), the Corporation provides a variety of services and products to a number of clients.
Marcon is an industrial supply contractor servicing the energy sector and a number of US Government entities. Marcon's principal business is the sale and distribution of industrial parts and equipment (Electrical, mechanical and Instrumentation.) In addition to departments and agencies of the U.S. Government, Marcon's major clients include Saudi Arabia-Sabic Services (Refining and Petrochemical), Bahrain National Gas Co, Bahrain Petroleum, Qatar Petroleum, Qatar Gas, Qatar Petrochemical, Gulf of Suez Petroleum, Agiba Petroleum and Burullus Gas Co.
Fox Tek develops non-intrusive asset health monitoring sensor systems for the oil and gas market to help operators track the thinning of pipelines and refinery vessels due to corrosion/erosion, strain due to bent/buckling and process pressure and temperature. The Corporation's FT fiber optic sensor and corrosion monitoring systems allow cost-effective, 24/7 remote monitoring capabilities to improve scheduled maintenance operations, avoid unnecessary shutdowns, and prevent accidents and leaks.
The TSX Venture Exchange has in no way passed upon the merits of the proposed transaction and has neither approved nor disapproved the contents of this press release.
This press release contains forward-looking statements based on assumptions, uncertainties and management's best estimates of future events. Actual results may differ materially from those currently anticipated. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements are detailed from time to time in the Corporation's periodic reports filed with the Ontario Securities Commission and other regulatory authorities. The Corporation has no intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
A beta product launch by an Austin, Texas, credit union and a locally based fintech aims to expand consumers' options with their monthly loan payment amounts, while illustrating how community-based institutions try to reach technologically savvy consumers.
The $125 million-asset Capitol Credit Union became the first financial institution last month to offer customers the product, Kasasa Loans. The product, developed by an Austin-based fintech company called Kasasa, allows borrowers to make larger than minimum payments but then "take back" the extra money in the future if they need the cash.
Kyrie Irving and their sister, Asia, won't have to worry about their Father's Day gift going to waste. This one will get used everyday.
In an online episode of My Houzz, the Cavaliers guard surprised their father, Drederick, with a renovation of their home in New Jersey. Despite their son's All-Star NBA career, Drederick has remained in the same house that they raised their kids in. Irving thought some modern upgrades would make their dad's home more functional and a better place to be.
Irving, while not telling their dad exactly what was happening to their home, communicated their father's design preferences to combine traditional and modern styles.
It definitely turned out great.
To unveil happened at around the 16-minute mark. And the reaction was even better.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CLEVELAND -- The children of a 74-year-old man gunned down on their way home from an Easter meal have a message for their suspected killer, who is now the target of a nationwide manhunt.
Steve Stephens, 37, is wanted for aggravated murder after they allegedly shot Robert Godwin Sr. Sunday afternoon – then posted a video of the homicide on Facebook, according to Cleveland police.
Tonya Godwin-Baines, one of Godwin's daughters, said the family is absolutely devastated and is calling for Stephens to turn themselves in.
"To the young man who murdered my daddy, I ask that you please surrender," Godwin-Baines said. "I forgive you, and love you but most importantly, God loves you. God can heal your mind and save your soul. Please!"
Godwin was the father of 10 children -- six girls and four boys.
Godwin's children say the reason they are able to forgive Stephens is because of their father, who took them to church every Sunday, and always stressed the importance of forgiveness.
Robert Godwin Jr. said the woman who Stephens blames in the Facebook video is also in the family's thoughts and prayers. "We know it is not their fault. They should not feel like it's their fault."
Godwin Sr.'s children described them as a wonderful person who loved their family, and said they want their father to be remembered for the good they did in their life, not for the horrific video.
"If you do watch it, it should make you want to change," Godwin Jr. said. The family is asking people not to share the disturbing footage, but, for those who do, Godwin Jr. asked that they "take something from it."
There is now a $50,000 reward for information leading to the Stephens' arrest. The FBI, Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, and U.S. Marshals provided the money for the reward.
Anyone with information about the suspect's whereabouts should call 1-800-CALL-FBI. If you see Stephens, do not approach.  They are considered armed and dangerous.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Just when you think President Trump can't possibly outdo themselves when it comes to clunky diplomatic relations, on Tuesday while meeting with French President Emmanuel Macron at the start of a two-day official visit, they brushed a “little piece of dandruff” off of Macron's lapel in front of photographers and reporters. Yes, really. Their actual words.
Mr. President, they're all saying what a great relationship we have, and they're actually correct. It's not fake news, finally. It's not fake news. So it's a great honor that you're here, but we do have a special relationship. In fact, I'll get that little piece of dandruff off … We have to make them perfect. He's perfect. So it is really great to be with you, and you are a special friend.
Surely used to dealing with Trump by now, to their credit Macron handled the situation with grace and aplomb, just like a world leader should — and as they did last year while enduring an excruciatingly uncomfortable, 29-second long handshake with Trump. (Macron has also called Trump out on their handshake shenanigans before.)
INDEPENDENCE, Ohio (AP) — To LeBron James, the Golden State Warriors are a highly respected rival — nothing more.
Now and forever.
James strongly denounced a report that said they would consider playing for the Warriors if the NBA champions were able to restructure their roster to accommodate the four-time league MVP. On Thursday, ESPN, citing anonymous league sources, reported James would meet with the Warriors this summer if they cleared the salary-cap space to sign him, assuming they will opt out of their contract with the Cleveland Cavaliers and become a free agent.
“It's nonsense, and it's a non-story,” James said Friday following the Cavaliers' practice. “I think it's a discredit to what I'm trying to do here. It's a discredit to my teammates and the coaching staff here. My only focus right now is trying to figure out how we can become a championship-caliber team in these next few months. It's been so many stories about me in the last few months, in the last few days, about where I'm going and where I'm at and what place I'm in.
“I'm here, I'm right here, I'm right now and this is my present and this is where I'm at.”
James said they awoke Thursday to an alert and messages on their phone about the report and “the first thing I did I started laughing, actually.”
The 14-time All-Star said they soon became upset, however, knowing the damage that kind of story can cause. James was most bothered by their teammates having to wonder about their commitment in getting the Cavs back to a fourth straight NBA Finals.
While others can speculate about James' future intentions and how any move might tarnish their legacy, they made it clear that no one speaks for him.
“If you don't hear something coming from my voice, then it's not true,” they said. “I don't give a damn how close they are, I don't care if it's my kids, or my wife or whatever. If it's not from me, it's not true. I just want you guys to know that my focus right now is on the Cavs and how we can get back to the Finals for a fourth straight year. That's my focus. And everything else is going to get talked about, but it's not a distraction. But like, I think it's just unfair to my teammates that come here every day. I mean, I can handle it myself. But it's unfair to those guys.”
James often uses social media platforms to comment on stories or make statements. They didn't post anything on Twitter and Instagram on Thursday because they felt it was important for them to respond in person.
“You know how real this is right now,” they said. “Like, this is my focus. Nothing else is stopping me from trying to get this team back to the Finals.”
The speculation about where they plan to continue playing after this season is only going to increase. James understands that, and while them joining forces with Kevin Durant, Stephen Curry and the other Warriors might make for entertaining sports talk radio, it's not grounded in any truth.
James holds the Warriors' organization in high regard, but not to where they would ever consider being a part of it.
The 33-year-old has said previously they would like to finish their career with Cleveland, the home state team they left previously as a free agent in 2010 for Miami. If they decline their $35.6 million contract option this summer, he'll be a free agent again but that would not preclude them from re-signing with the Cavs.
That's months away and James is certain there will be other stories linking them to other teams.
“I know exactly how it works,” they said. “There are 30 teams right now that at the end of the day probably want to sit down with me at the end of the season, right? Correct. It's so easy to make a story out of that.”
In the short term, James and the Cavs are dealing with the loss of All-Star forward Kevin Love for two months. Love broke their left hand on Tuesday, and while they won't need surgery, their eight-week recovery timetable means they won't be back until just before the playoffs.
James is coming off a bad stretch — for them — in recent weeks. Their statistics have dropped across the board, and they recently had a career-high 11 turnovers in one game while averaging 4.5 turnovers in January.
“I haven't had a great couple weeks, but the couple weeks I've had would put guys in the All-Star Game,” said James. “I'll be all right. I'll get you better numbers, I promise you.”
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A Clark County Fire Department truck appears in this image from Tuesday, Oct. 28. (FOX5)
An apartment building, located at 3517 Algiers Drive near North Nellis Boulevard and East Cheyenne Avenue, caught fire on the second story early Thursday morning.
The Clark County Fire Department, along with the North Las Vegas Fire Department and Las Vegas Fire and Rescue, sent several crews and 2 battalion chiefs.
The fire burned two units inside the building.
Personnel on the scene reported smoke and fire coming from the apartment, according to CCFD.
The fire was extinguished at around 6:22 a.m.
The fire is still being investigated and no injuries have been reported, according to CCFD.
Damages done to the apartment have not been estimated.
CCFD said the American Red Cross was requested to the scene to help 3 adults and 6 children that were displaced by the fire.
Deputy Fire Chief Jeff Buchanan said that it is unknown if the displacements were caused by any of the affected apartments.
Stay with FOX5 Vegas for updates on this story.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
These hilarious photographs show the extraordinary lengths that New York commuters are going in order to get around a ban on dogs on the subway.
New laws say you cannot take your beloved pet on underground trains in the Big Apple unless they are ‘carried in a manner that would not annoy passengers.'
But the rules do not state a maximum size bag which they can be carried in.
So crafty pet-lovers are now carrying around their pooches in outsize carriers and bags to get around the clampdown by the Metropolitan Transport Authority
Commuters have found it amusing with @Meanboysclub tweeting : “Subway banned dogs unless they fit in a bag & the people of New York did not disappoint.”
@OllyyyH also tweeted saying “New York has a rule where a dog has to be in a bag to ride the subway so there are loads of little dogs in bags everywhere.”
Presumably, the idea was to discourage people from bringing bigger dogs on the trains, but most people have taken the ban literally, by carrying their four legged friends of all shapes and sizes on the train, in a bag.
At the start other commuters have found it fascinating with them taking photos , but now it seems to just be the norm.
However some people felt that the ban is something that is needed as the subway can get too crowded.
Peter Schmidt, 32, from New York said: “I think the ban makes sense, the subway is already dealing with overcrowding and you never know how well trained or friendly someone else's dog is.
“As much as i'd love to bring my dog Winni without the bag, i'm sure the other passengers are a lot more comfortable that she's in there.”
“I take the subway almost every day, but i usually only bring my dog on it a few times a month.”
Category: News
Strap in for this next story. We're taking a trip into outer space. And did you know that in space, they have endless amounts of ice cream? It's true. Your portal to this part of the universe begins in Pembroke Pines.
Adrian Curbelo, managing member: “Nitro Galactic is an ice cream experience that's out of this world.”
Out of this world, and in a spaceship.
Nitro Galactic in Pembroke Pines is a nitrogen ice cream shop that got its inspiration the way any sci-fi fan would: from “Star Wars.”
Adrian Curbelo: “We thought, ‘What comes to mind when you see the smoke, when you see the big show of creating the ice cream?' I immediately thought of Darth Vader entering Princess Leia's spaceship.”
Everything in the place has a space theme. From the observation deck…
Adrian Curbelo: “You kind of get the feeling that you're in the cockpit of this ship.”
…to the “loading bay” seating area, which has been overrun by smugglers who have graffitied the walls with sci-fi references.
Adrian Curbelo: “It's kind of something for sci-fi fans to look back there and say, ‘Oh, I remember that one. That's from ‘Star Wars' or, ‘That's the one from ‘Star Trek.'”
Even the bathroom walls are decked out.
And sometimes on weekends, you get to experience a trip into hyperspace.
And Nitro Galactic puts a creative spin on the names of its menu items.
A couple best-sellers include the Solar Flare Cheesecake…
Adrian Curbelo: “That's a gourmet ice cream that's made to taste and feel like a cheesecake. Fresh strawberries and a gourmet strawberry sauce.”
And the Cookies and Cream Crater, featuring cookie crater pieces.
Adrian Curbelo: “We put that in the ice cream to show sort of a crater being created in the ice cream, like it's being hit by a meteor.”
But even in a unique spot like this, customers are also happy sticking with their own go-to flavors.
Celine Sierra, customer: “I got the frozen yogurt and strawberries. I love the ice cream here. It's really gourmet-flavored and doesn't taste icy like other places. It's really creamy.”
Stephanie Mulligan, customer: “I got peanut butter and vanilla with some caramel and chocolate chips. The texture is so soft and smooth. It's delicious.”
FOR MORE INFO:
Nitro Galactic
154 S Flamingo Rd.
Pembroke Pines, FL 33027
(954) 589-1398
http://webdev.nitrogalactic.com/
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
1:07 Highlights: Atascadero girls soccer beats Dos Pueblos 3-1 in wild card playoff game Pause
1:35 Crews working to patch a leaky levee at Tyler Island
5:11 Advocates of the Chumash Heritage National Marine Sanctuary explain why they support it
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
0:46 Dozens rally at Tacoma's Northwest Detention Center after Seattle arrest
0:41 A year ago, Lake Nacimiento was almost dry. Here's what it looks like now after the rain.
1:08 Damaged Oroville Dam spillway undergoes more water releases
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
1:53 Salud Carbajal talks about their priorities in Congress
TRAINER'S ROOM
Nationals: OF Adam Eaton (ankle) ran Wednesday and should be ready for a rehab assignment this weekend, manager Dave Martinez said. ... OF Brian Goodwin (wrist) will play another rehab game or two at Double-A Harrisburg, Martinez said. ... Ryan Zimmerman (oblique) will run the bases over the next few days before the Nationals determine if he's ready to go on a rehab assignment.
Orioles: Closer Zach Britton (Achilles tendon) launched their rehabilitation assignment by pitching the fifth inning for Class A Frederick against Wilmington, their first game action since Sept. 18. The lefty allowed an infield single and struck out the side.
BABY BREAK
Orioles infielder Danny Valencia was placed on paternity leave after their wife gave birth to a boy, Oliver, early Wednesday. Reliever Donnie Hart was recalled from Triple-A Norfolk.
A STAR IS BORN
After just 10 games in the majors, Soto is batting .375 and on Tuesday became the youngest player to be intentionally walked since Ken Griffey Jr. in 1995. They hit in the leadoff spot for the first time Wednesday and went 1 for 4.
VEGAS PROUD
Harper has spent their entire big-league career with Washington, but the Las Vegas native makes no apologies for rooting for the Golden Knights against the Capitals in the Stanley Cup Final. While Martinez conducted their pre-game news conference in a Capitals hat and jersey, Harper's Golden Knights hat and jersey were in plain sight at their locker. "Hopefully, I'll get to go Game 4 in D.C.," Harper said.
UP NEXT
Nationals: In a duel in Atlanta for first place in the NL East, Tanner Roark (2-4, 3.17 ERA) seeks their eighth career win against the Braves' Sean Newcomb (5-1, 2.75 ERA) on Thursday night.
Orioles: Andrew Cashner (2-6, 5.07) faces the Yankees' Sonny Gray (3-4, 5.98) on Thursday night in the opener of a four-game series between AL East foes.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By David Ginsburg, The Associated Press
You must be a Premium Subscriber to read: Financial Times
What are eurozone reforms for?
Sierra Leone Telegraph: 24 April 2018:
The parliament of Sierra Leone was to have been opened with pomp and pageantry today Tuesday, 24 April 2018, for the swearing of newly elected MPs and the election of a new Speaker of the House.
Instead, there were dramatic scenes of chaos, as both the ruling SLPP party and the main opposition APC brought parliament to a standstill, after much confusion and suspense about whether parliament was indeed going to be opened today.
Today's chaos, which marked the beginning of a bitter political struggle for the control of Sierra Leone's affairs – despite the SLPP winning the presidential election last month, started last night when the current speaker of Parliament – Sheku S.B. Dumbuya, an APC party grandee, issued a public statement postponing today's opening of parliament until further notice.
This statement was quickly followed by a contradictory public statement – this time issued by the new Clerk of Parliament – Paran Tarawally, who was last week appointed by the SLPP president Maada Bio. They informed MPs and the public that the current speaker of parliament's statement postponing the opening of parliament was of no effect and must be ignored.
What is at stake is the decision as to who will become the new speaker of parliament. This is important because according to the Constitution of Sierra Leone, the Speaker of Parliament will act in the absence of both the president and the vice president.
The possibility of having a Speaker of Parliament belonging to the opposition APC deputising as president for the ruling SLPP is anathema to the principles of good governance and constitutional flight attendantship. It simply does not make sense.
According to the Constitution, the election of Speaker of Parliament is by a two-thirds majority of members of parliament, which currently is made up of APC 68, SLPP 49, C4C 8, NGC 4, Paramount Chiefs 14, and Independents 3.
In this political game of numbers to control the affairs of parliament – the legislature, the ruling SLPP is going to find it very difficult, as it failed to secure a parliamentary majority at last month's elections.
The SLPP are now relying on the High Court petitions that they won yesterday, which debars fourteen MPs belonging to the main opposition APC from taking their seats in parliament, effectively reducing the APC majority to 54.
In response to the High Court petitions, the opposition APC Secretary General – Osman F. Yansaneh said: “The Peoples Congress hereby informs the General Public and APC Supporters in Particular of the dangerous attempt by the SLPP and certain state functionaries to thwart the will of the people through frivolous injunctions against APC Members of Parliament.
“These are actions stage-managed to prevent our Members of Parliament from participating in the election of the Speaker of Parliament, and by default make way for a pliant SLPP Speaker to be imposed on the country and a parliament where the SLPP has only 49 of the 146 MPs.
“This means that 97 members of parliament do not belong to the SLPP. The SLPP applied for injunctions against 16 of our duly elected MPs in the Western Area and five in the North…….”
It was the High Court injunction against the opposition APC that triggered the indefinite postponement of today's parliamentary opening ceremony by the current APC elected Speaker, and the counter statement by the SLPP appointed Clerk of Parliament – calling on all MPs to ignore the Speaker's order and to report to parliament this morning.
Reporting to parliament their morning they did. Many MPs arrived as early as 9am, though the opening ceremony was not due until 10.30am as ordered by the SLPP appointed Clerk of Parliament – Paran Tarawally.
But after waiting for over four hours for the outgoing Speaker Dumbuya and the Clerk – Paran Tarawally to arrive amidst chaos and dramatic scenes of abuse being yelled across the aisle by some of the opposition APC and SLPP MPs, the head of the opposition APC government business in parliament – Sidi Tunis unofficially called on all the MPs present to go home as the opening ceremony will now take place tomorrow, 25 April 2018.
So, was the current outgoing Speaker constitutionally right to postpone today's opening of parliament? And does president Maada Bio have the power to authorise their newly appointed Clerk of Parliament to order the opening of parliament today against the wishes of the outgoing Speaker?
The answers to these burning questions are open to interpretation of the relevant sections of the Constitution of Sierra Leone. And the interpretations depend on who you ask and their political colour.
This is what Francis Ben Kaifala – a legal luminary of the ruling SLPP says: “Section 84 (1) of the Constitution states who summons the first session of Parliament. It states as follows: ‘Each session in parliament shall be held in such place within Sierra Leone and shall commence at such time as THE PRESIDENT may by Proclamation appoint'.
“IT is the PRESIDENT and NOT the SPEAKER who can summon Parliament. Similarly, notices ought to be done by the CLERK OF PARLIAMENT who by Section 82(1) is the administrative Head of Parliament. The Speaker Presides in Parliament but cannot sign or circulate public notices.
“The Speaker of the Dissolved Parliament remains Speaker UNTIL the first sitting of Parliament is called to session by Section 79 (1)(c) of the Constitution. Their role ends upon the start of that first meeting. They cannot even preside over the installation of new MP's which is within the purview of the Clerk of Parliament.”
This is what the presidential running mate of Sam Sumana's C4C – David B. Conteh says about the crisis: : “The speaker of parliament the S.B.B. Dumbuya has postponed until further notice the commencement of the first meeting of the 5th Parliament of the 2nd Republic, citing the current confused situation which has resulted in a state of uncertainty and unrest among many unsworn members of parliament scheduled to take place on Tuesday the 24th April 2018.
“The new Clerk of Parliament Paran Umar Tarawally has countered in a press release that he'll go by the earlier instruction by the president to convene the parliament, pursuant to Section 86 (1) of the Constitution which reads:…'the president may at any time summon a meeting of parliament'.
“While it is partially true in what has been quoted as the relevant section of the constitution by the new Clerk of Parliament, it should be noted it applies only in a state of emergency which allows the president to summon a meeting of parliament and in this case that parliament will be the one preceding this one.
“As at now, until the current members are sworn in, the president can only summon the old or former parliament if a state of emergency exists. Since a state of emergency has not been declared, neither the president nor the clerk can summon a parliament that has not been properly constituted or sworn in to office, if the speaker who is the head of the legislature does not see it fit to do so.
“The president is also a member of parliament, but not one that sits in sessions of parliament.  They are the head of the executive branch. The chief justice is the head of the judiciary. All three branches are separate but equal in the eyes of the law.
“The clerk of parliament assumes the role of a permanent secretary as it obtains in any ministry. Only in a military rule or dictatorship do you have orders coming from the executive, ruling by decree or fiat.
“It's going to be an interesting 5 years of constitutional crisis of a magnitude that voters never envisioned; and are seeing the beginning of what might be the norm, especially in the absence of a coalition government .
“We are heading for a standstill and a war of nerves in protecting one's turf as prescribed by the constitution. We are waiting for service to the nation.
“This is my two cents worth of contribution and I think the speaker of parliament as head of parliament and being third in command in the governing structure, in the absence of the president and vice president is right on this one. You be the judge.”
What do you think, as we wait to see whether parliament will be opened tomorrow for business? You can send your comments to the Sierra Leone Telegraph.
Share this: Tumblr
Email
Print
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
WhatsApp
More
Pinterest
Facebook
Cincinnati is holding an open mic night on March 20th to further discuss gun violence in schools. After the violence at Stoneman Douglas High School in Florida that resulted in 17 deaths including students and administration talk and protest spread the country on how something like this can be prevented from happening again.
City Councilman PG Sittenfeld has put together this open mic to allow students from all over the Tri-State to share their thoughts and wishes pertaining to gun violence, gun control and violence.
The event will take place Tuesday March 20th 6pm at Cincinnati City Hall (801 Plum St.). For more information click here
Oh yes it is – Jack and the Beanstalk at Scarborough Spa is traditional right down to the dyed roots of Dame Tilly Trott's pink wig.
That it is strength and its charm – other pantomimes might boast superstar headliners straight from Strictly or 3D effects which put Pixar to shame.
But what it lacks it gadgets and gizmos, the Spa panto makes up for in slapstick, silliness and songs.
It's colourful, tuneful and full of gags and audience participation.
Based loosely on the fairytale, Jack and the Beanstalk ls the story of earnest boy Jack who sells the family cow Diasy for a bag of beans.
The beanstalk grows so tall that Jack and their friends can climb up it and enter the giant's kingdom and steal their gold – thereby saving their family and friends from the fiend and financial ruin.
Writer-director Phil Beck weaves fun and laughter into this tale with custard pie throwing, the ghost routine and water gunfights.
There are lots of opportunies to sing-along, clap-alomng, hiss, boo and shout ‘it's behind you'.
Beck's script is naughty but nice with risque rhymes and saucy sayings – all delivered in the best of taste.
Beck also plays Dame Tilly Trott – and they are simply a great dame. They totter about on silver platform boots, nodding and winking as they flirt with the dads and calls on sympathy from the mums.
Mike Carnell as Silly Billy is to intents and purposes te dame's comedy partner – and they and Peck work tirelessly to hold the panto together and give it the rock solid core it needs for the others to revolve round.
Carnell's rapport with the youngsters is genuine and warm – and they take to them immediately.
Scarborough-born-and-bred talent Lori Kellett as Jill and Charlotte Buxton as Fairy Sweet Pea bring a sweet,tuneful note to the proceedings and are complimented by Louise Willoughby as Jack. (This panto is so traditional the principal boy is a girl).
Nick Fawcett is a jolly King and Dave Kustard lives up to their name – Fleshcreep. They relised the role of the baddie and revelled in the hisses and boos.
Members of TLC Dance bring youthful charm – and assured dance routines to the stage.
There are topical refrerences – Brexit, Toff and Strictly to name three – and local references.
Full of pop tunes, lively routines, silliness, slapstick and audience participation, Jack and the Beanstalk is a first rate, traditional panto, Oh yes it is.
Tickets on: 01723 821888 or www.scarboroughspa.co.uk
Times and dates:
Thursday December 14 at 10am (schools); Friday December 15 at 10am (schools)
Saturday December 16 at 2pm and 6.30pm
Sunday December 17 at 2pm and 6.30pm
Tuesday December 19 at 10am (schools)
Wednesday December 20 at 10am (schools)
Thursday December 21 at 10am (schools)
Friday December 22 at 10am (schools)
Saturday December 23 2pm and 7pm
Christmas Eve at 2pm
Boxing Day at 2pm and 7pm
Wednesday December 27 at 2pm and 7pm
Thursday December 28 at 2pm and 7pm
Friday December 29 at 2pm and 7pm
Saturday December 30 at 2pm and 7pm
New Year's Eve at 2pm
New Year's Day at 2pm.
PHOENIX (AP) — Catcher J.T. Realmuto lost their salary arbitration case against Miami and first baseman Justin Bour beat the Marlins to leave players with a 3-1 record this year.
Realmuto was given a $2.9 million salary Friday instead of their request for $3.5 million. The decision was made by arbitrators Andrew Strongin, Elizabeth Neumeier and Allen Ponak, who heard arguments Wednesday.
Bour was awarded $3.4 million instead of Miami's $3 million offer by James Oldham, Steven Wolf and Mark Burstein, who listened to arguments Thursday.
Realmuto may be traded as part of the team's payroll purge under new chief executive Derek Jeter. The Marlins already have dealt major league home run champion Giancarlo Stanton, Marcell Ozuna, Dee Gordon and Christian Yelich. Realmuto made $562,500 last year and was eligible for arbitration for the first time after hitting .278 with 17 homers and 65 RBIs.
Bour hit .289 with 25 homers and 83 RBIs last year, when they had a $552,500 salary.
Boston All-Star outfielder Mookie Betts and Arizona pitcher Shelby Miller won the first two cases of the year.
Houston closer Ken Giles had a hearing Thursday, and Toronto closer Roberto Osuna went before a panel on Friday. Both were eligible for arbitration for the first time.
As many as 25 players could go to hearings this year, which would be the most since 1987.
Osuna asked Wolf, Robert Herzog and James Darby for a raise from $552,400 to $5.8 million instead of the Blue Jays' $5.3 million offer. The 22-year-old right-hander was 3-4 with a 3.38 ERA and 39 saves last season, raising their three-year total to 95. But they also led the major leagues with 10 blown saves in 2017.
Giles asked Phillip LaPorte, Strongin and Sylvia Skratek for a raise from $555,100 to $4.6 million — $400,000 more than Houston's offer. They had 34 saves in 38 chances and went 1-3 with a 2.30 ERA last year for Houston. While the Astros won their first World Series, Giles had an 11.74 ERA in the postseason and 27.00 ERA in a pair of World Series appearances, when they allowed five runs in 1 2/3 innings.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
GREENVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) – We're just one week away from the first Total Solar Eclipse in 99 years.
In order to view it, you'll need to wear special glasses or use special viewers to protect your eyes.
“The sun is basically a big bright ball of light. So if you look at it with your eyes you can do permanent damage to them so you don't want to look directly at the sun,” said First Alert Meteorologist Pierce Legeion.
With the help of Pierce Legeion, we're showing you how to make your own safe solar viewer.
“It's very cheap,” said Legeion. “You can do this easily for $5 with all the materials and it's a fun educational thing to do with your family.”
Here's what you need:
– cardboard
– binder clips
– tape
– white paper
– reading glasses of +1 or +1.25
Watch the above video for a step-by-step tutorial for how to make your own safe solar viewer.
A CCTV system in an area in Athy used by Gardai for cirme detection needs a €67k upgrade.
The CCTV system in Castlegate Park is in need of an upgrade and one of the cameras is not working. Members of the Athy Municipal District council were told at last month's meeting that since the system was installed in 2006 technology has changed.
A quotation was received by the council last year to replace and upgrade the system at an estimated cost of €67,000.
Members heard that the broken camera needs to be fixed and consideration needs to be given regarding upgrading a few cameras each year to bring the system up to standard. The cameras are used by the Gardaí regularly to assist in crime prevention within the area.
WBO super middleweight titleholder Gilberto Ramirez (left) and Habib Ahmed. (Photo by Jhay Oh Otamias)
Both Jerwin Ancajas and challenger Israel Gonzalez skated below the 115-pound weight limit on Friday, while Gilberto “Zurdo” Ramirez had to disrobe to make the 168-pound limit for their fight with Habib Ahmed.
Ancajas, who is making the fourth defense of their IBF junior bantamweight title, checked in at 114.75 pounds, while Gonzalez weighed 114 pounds.
Both Ancajas (28-1-1, 19 knockouts) of Panabo City, Philippines and Gonzalez (21-1, 8 KOs) of Los Cabos, Mexico, are making their first appearances on American soil in the ESPN-televised co-featured bout.
Ramirez (36-0, 24 KOs) had to cover themselves with the Mexican flag as they stripped nude to shed a quarter pound to weigh in at the limit for their third defense of the WBO super middleweight title, while Ahmed (25-0-1, 17 KOs), who is fighting outside of their native Ghana for the first time, was well under at 166.75 pounds.
The weigh-in took place at the Bank of America Center, the same place where the fights, which are promoted by Top Rank, will take place on Saturday night.
Olga R. (Miga) Martin, 89 years old died at their home on Wednesday morning, December 28, 2016 surronded by their loving family. They were the wife of the late Frederick Martin, Jr. (ret Patrolman/Juvenile Detective, Taunton Police Department). Olga was born in Taunton and daughter of the late Walter and Regina (Klos) Miga of Poland. They were a communicant of the former Immaculate Conception Church and a graduate of Taunton Schools. Olga was a retired kindergarten teacher's Aid for the City of Taunton primarily at the Leddy School. Olga was a master craftsman, seamstrees, and milliner. Over the years Olga continued their interest in arts and crafts by taking extended courses with the Bristol Agricultural High School. Olga was accomplished in Japanese Needlepoint bunka, Knitting, baking and elaborate cake decorating. They loved spending time at Crescent Beach in Mattapoisett. They have visited Crescent Beach for over 68 years and has owned a home there for over 57 years. Olga was well traveled throughout the United States. Olga is the mother of Cynthia Martin of Mattapoisett, Susan Grigg and their husband Bill of Taunton, Frederick Martin, III (ret TFD) and their wife Karen and Peter Martin and their wife Ann of Mattapoisett. Olga is the grandmother of Frederick IV; Shawn, Caleb and Abby Martin and the great grandmother of Bruce, Kaia, Trent and Troy. They were the sister of the late Josephine Gscheidle of New York and Joseph Miga of Taunotn. Olga is survived by an extensive extended Martin Family as well as their niece and nephew Joan and Paul Gscheidle. Relatives and friends are invited to attend visiting hours in the Crapo-Hathaway Funeral Home, 350 Somerset Ave, ( Route 138 South) Taunton on Monday Jan. 2, 2017 from 4-7PM. A Mass of Christian Burial was celebrated in Holy Rosary Church, Bay Street, Taunton on Tuesday Jan. 3, 2017 at 10 AM. Interment St Joseph Cemetery. To light a candle, get directions or to access the memorial register go to www.hathawayfuneralss.com
SOUTHWEST MIAMI-DADE, FLA. (WSVN) - The pilot of a small plane was killed after, officials said, the aircraft crashed shortly after taking off from Miami Executive Airport, Sunday afternoon.
The Federal Aviation Administration released a statement confirming a Piper PA 60 crashed about a mile and a half west of the airport, just before 3 p.m.
The statement reads, “The pilot departed from Miami Executive and was returning to the airport after declaring an emergency.”
Radio traffic captured audio of the pilot moments before impact.
According to Miami-Dade Police, the aircraft went down near Southwest 157th Avenue and 120th Street, killing the pilot.
“I look back, and it was just — they were gone,” said witness Andy Fuentes.
When paramedics arrived, there was nothing they could do.
Investigators have spent hours at the crash site trying to figure out what happened moments before the Piper hit the ground.
Cellphone video of the aftermath shows the mangled aircraft in the field where it crashed.
Carlos Diaz, who was operating a food truck nearby at the time of the crash, said it looked like something happened to the engine on the right side. In Spanish, they said that, despite the pilot's best efforts to level the plane, it went straight down fast.
FAA officials said the pilot was the only person on the aircraft. Police said the victim was in their 60s.
“He's gone, unfortunately,” said Fuentes. “Rest in peace to that man.”
The FAA and the National Transportation Safety Board are investigating, as is Miami-Dade Police.
Investigators said they have been talking to who they believe is the victim's family, but they will be waiting on the medical examiner's office to identify him.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
0:53
Ski-lift in Georgia malfunctions, launches skiers into the air
1:48
Toys R Us is closing all of its US stores
4:27
Guest essay by Eric Worrall
An ex-employee claims “fear and anxiety” of President Trump is causing a drop in NASA climate posts. But some of the activities which were allegedly cancelled give us a glimpse of just how far off mission NASA drifted under the previous President.
Nasa full of ‘fear and anxiety' since Trump took office, ex-employee says
Oliver Milman in New York
Wed 30 May 2018 15.00 AEST
Those still at the agency fear climate science funding will be cut since it is now considered a ‘sensitive subject'
Nasa's output of climate change information aimed at the public has dwindled under the Trump administration, with a former employee claiming “fear and anxiety” within the agency has led to an online retreat from the issue.
Laura Tenenbaum, a former science communicator for Nasa, said they were warned off using the term “global warming” on social media and restricted in speaking to the media due to their focus on climate change.
“Nasa's talking point is that it's business as usual, but that's not true,” said Tenenbaum, who departed Nasa in October after a decade at the space agency.
“They have stopped promoting or emphasizing climate science communication, they have minimized it. People inside the agency are concerned Trump will cut climate science funding. There is a fear and anxiety there and the outcome has been chaos.”
…
Planned blogposts on coal plants being turned into solar plants, “reasons to be positive about Nasa” and an interview with Gavin Schmidt, a senior Nasa climate scientist, were all either halted or scrapped due to interference from career staff nervous about provoking the new administration, according to Tenenbaum.
…
A judge declined to set bond for an Ohio man during their first court appearance after allegedly ramming a vehicle into a crowd of people demonstrating against a white supremacist rally Saturday in Charlottesville, Va.
Charlottesville resident Heather Heyer was killed, and at least 19 other people were in injured in the attack.
The Charlottesville Police Department said Saturday that James Alex Fields Jr., 20, of Maumee, Ohio, was charged with one count of second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit-and run.
During today's Charlottesville court hearing, as NPR's Debbie Elliott reports, Fields "appeared by video from jail, dressed in a gray and white-striped prison jumpsuit."
Fields told Judge Robert Downer that they could not afford a lawyer. "Downer assigned a court-appointed attorney to represent Fields, and set another hearing for Aug. 25," Debbie adds. "Until then, the judge said, Fields would remain in jail with no bond in part because they have no ties to the area."
The Associated Press adds that the judge told the court that the "public defenders' office informed them it could not represent Fields because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday's protest."
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Police say they found Te'Myah Plummer, a toddler from Virginia, dead and stuffed in a pink suitcase near the PATH tracks in Jersey City, New Jersey. Richmond Police Department
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Armed police swooped on an estate and two people were arrested on suspicion of supplying drugs.
Officers were spotted in the Abenbury Park area from about 8am as police in Wrexham executed two warrants under the Firearms Act and Misuse of Drugs Act.
Police bosses say significant seizures have been made, although no drugs or firearms were recovered and two local people, a 39-year-old man and 40-year-old woman have been arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of controlled drugs and a public order offence.
Both are being interviewed at a local police station.
Chief inspector Dave Jolly, who oversaw the operation, said: “Our focus of targeting those few in our communities who cause the most harm continues.
”Friday's action is also aimed at those bringing drugs into our communities from outside north Wales and in line with the forces' Operation Scorpion' is directly targeting serious and organised crime. We are determined to rid our communities of this scourge.
“Today's action is just part of this process and further searches are planned. It is vitally important we listen to concerns from our local communities and where necessary take proportionate and positive action.
”It was clear from the local response that today's action was very well received.
“Possession and distribution of controlled drugs will not be tolerated in our communities and we will continue to take positive, robust action.
”However we can't tackle this problem alone and key to all our work, and that of our partners, is intelligence and I cannot emphasise enough the importance of the community sharing their concerns with us.”
Information can be passed by contacting the control room direct via the web live chat www.north-wales.police.uk/contact/chat-support.aspx or phoning 101 or messaging via Facebook or Twitter.
If you'd rather pass information anonymously then phone Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Many people got their lake fix over the holiday weekend.
But before you jump back in the water, you might want to take a closer look at it first.
The Minnesota Pollution Control Agency is warning people about blue-green algae. It forms after high temperatures combine with runoff from rainfall, which is exactly what we have had recently.
Cool and gray is not enough to keep people away from the water in Minnesota, nor rambunctious pups like Angus and their owner, Janet Belland.
“I've been going in the water with him, walking out in the sandbar and then playing fetch,” Belland said.
And grabbing what they throw in St. Paul's Lake Phalen is the only thing they hope they bite.
“Definitely important, something that we always look at and make sure that he's not consuming anything that would be dangerous or anything we don't know what it is,” Belland said.
Right now, that is blue-green algae — a soupy plant that floats atop water like a spilled paint — which can make people and animals sick when ingested.
“The water might not even be green, but that toxin is still being produced by the algae,” said environmental scientist Jordan Donatell.
Usually it forms later in the summer, but summer-like temperatures in May — combined with recent rains — can create an early bloom. Ingesting blue-green algae can lead to nausea and vomiting for humans. Dogs might struggle breathing and get sick — sometimes killing them.
“When you're in doubt of the conditions, it smells funny, it looks funny, and something tells you it's not right, keep your pets or your kids or yourself out of the water,” Donatell said.
Advice that Belland will gladly take, on behalf of Angus.
“Maybe learning more today, something more to be aware of and to look for,” Belland said.
If you happen to come in to contact with blue green algae, you should wash it off thoroughly. Experts say a change in wind direction and more rainfall is one of the few ways to disrupt the algae's growth.
Fortunes may be made in legal cannabis over the coming years. As a result, bullish sentiment is building on cannabis stocks both for recreational and medicinal uses.
Adding to the bullish sentiment is the first-ever cannabis-based medicine to get a favorable recommendation from an advisory panel to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. This is a big win for cannabis.
The drug, a syrup called Epidiolex, is from GW Pharmaceuticals GWPH, +2.59% to treat childhood epilepsy. The medicine doesn't have any psychoactive effects.
Let's explore this Cambridge, England-based company with a chart, the fundamentals and then I'll review other cannabis stocks. GW Pharmaceuticals, founded by two doctors, trades on the Nasdaq Stock Market in the U.S. GWPH, +2.59%
Chart
Please click here for the annotated chart of GW Pharmaceuticals stock. Please note the following from the chart:
• The stock recently moved up in anticipation of a favorable recommendation by the FDA panel.
• The stock price is now in the resistance zone shown on the chart.
• The move is on heavy volume.
• The relative strength index (RSI) shows that there is room to run.
Read: John Boehner is joining a marijuana company
Ask Arora: Nigam Arora answers your questions about investing in stocks, ETFs, bonds, gold and silver, oil and currencies. Have a question? Send it to Nigam Arora.
Fundamentals
This epilepsy drug has potential to generate over $1 billion in sales by 2022. The drug is derived from cannabidiol, or CBD. CBD has many medicinal properties that help a variety of conditions. The drug contains less than 0.1% tetrahydrocannabinol, or THC, which has mind-altering effects.
The company also has a pipeline of other promising cannabis-based drugs.
Buyout target
In our analysis at The Arora Report, GW Pharmaceuticals is a buyout target. To date, 134 of The Arora Report portfolio companies have been bought out. Buyouts produce great profits for investors, as suitors offer premiums to their share prices to get stockholders' approval.
A buyout of GW Pharmaceuticals could potentially take place north of $200 a share. It recently traded at a little over $140. As a note of caution, there are no guarantees, of course.
Risks
The Arora Report classifies GW Pharmaceuticals as a speculative stock. We provide complete guidelines for investing in speculative stocks in our Trade Management Guidelines. The company faces many risks. Here are a few of them:
• There are many other competitors working on cannabis-based drugs. An example is Zynerba Pharmaceuticals ZYNE, +2.03%
• Many competitors are also working on epilepsy treatments. An example is Zogenix ZGNX, -2.00%
• Even though the rest of the pipeline of GW Pharmaceuticals seems promising, there is no guarantee that other drugs will become commercially successful.
• Biotech stocks tend to be very volatile. An adverse development in a trial can precipitate a large fall in the stock price.
• Biotech stocks, as a sector, often go through corrective phases.
What to do now
Under the circumstances, investors either ought to wait for a breakout from the resistance zone shown on the chart or a pullback to the support zone before buying.
The other reason to buy — if the two conditions above are not met — is if the smart money (professional investors) starts buying. Right now our algorithms at The Arora Report do not detect any smart-money buying.
Fortunes may be made
Irrespective of your own personal opinion of cannabis, all investors need to consider that fortunes may be made in cannabis over the coming years. On the medicinal side, there are a large number of molecules in cannabis with lots of promise. At The Arora Report we are on the hunt for the right opportunities to invest.
Primarily on the recreational side, cannabis stocks right now are very expensive. We are patiently waiting for six screens of the ZYX Change Method to give a buy signal. To learn more about the six screens, please click here. Investors may want to keep on their radar stocks of some of the larger publicly traded companies, including Cronos Group CRON, +0.26% Aurora Cannabis ACBFF, +2.24% Canopy Growth TWMJF, +1.42% Aphria APHQF, +1.91% and MedReleaf MEDFF, +0.61% For those interested in ETFs, keep on your radar ETFMG Alternative Harvest MJ, +0.07%
Disclosure: Subscribers to The Arora Report may have positions in the securities mentioned in this article. Nigam Arora is an investor, engineer and nuclear physicist by background who has founded two Inc. 500 fastest-growing companies.  They are the founder of The Arora Report, which publishes four newsletters. Nigam can be reached at Nigam@TheAroraReport.com.
After many speculations, Saif Ali Khan and Amrita Singh's daughter Sara Ali Khan is finally making their Bollywood debut in Abhishek Kapoor's Kedarnath opposite Sushant Singh Rajput.
The film is currently being shot in Mumbai. Meanwhile, we have for you the latest details on this flick...
All Hard Work Recently, director Abhishek Kapoor filmed a difficult sequence for the movie. Their wife Pragya later took to their Instagram page to share a picture from the sets.
This Is Simply Wow We hear that a huge set has been erected in Mumbai's Film City to replicate the holy city including the holy temple. Reportedly, the set costs a whopping 7 crores. Earlier, the team had filmed in the foothills of the Himalayas.
The Plot Earlier, a source had told a leading daily, "Sushant Singh Rajput plays a Muslim guy in the film. They rescue Sara, who plays a Hindu tourist, from the Uttarakhand floods, and the two fall in love. However, it's not a rosy path for them as they face obstacles."
Sara's First Look From The Film The audience already just can't get enough of Sara's pretty look from Kedarnath. One must say that they do make a striking pair with Sushant.
What Papa Saif Has To Say Recently at a trailer launch of a film, Saif when quizzed about Sara's Bollywood debut told media, "I am happy, I am excited for them I think when we get close to that release, it will be like my own film is releasing."
Did Sushant Give Any Advice To Sara? To this, Sushant said, "She is quite able and already knows a lot. But the onlything that I have shared with them is that I don't fearfailures.If I am enjoying doing something, I don't think aboutits outcome. I am not that careful and this is one thing thathelps you in the long run."
They Have Good Things To Say About Their Co-Star "He is working really hard... I don't think it will be right for meto say anything (else) at the moment. You guys watch the film and decide for yourself."
Kedarnath is slated to hit the theatrical screens on 21st December, 2018.
A quaint Virginia college town still wrestling with the legacy of slavery became the scene of deadly protests this weekend as white nationalists and other right-wing groups clashed with counterprotesters over the planned removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee from a city park.
Men carrying Confederate flags stood side by side with the Ku Klux Klan, neo-Nazis and rifle-toting militia members in Charlottesville at a rally dubbed "Unite the Right." Chanting "You will not replace us," they exchanged blows and volleys of pepper spray with protesters opposed to their presence.
As police dispersed the crowds, a car plowed into counterprotesters, killing one person and injuring 19 others. At least 15 people were also injured in skirmishes.
Gov. Terry McAuliffe declared a state of emergency and called in the National Guard. The Southern Poverty Law Center described the event as possibly the "largest hate-gathering of its kind in decades."
But who are white nationalists and what do they want?
What is white nationalism?
The term white nationalism originated as a euphemism for white supremacy, the belief that white people are superior to all other races and should therefore dominate society, according to Oren Segal, director of the Anti-Defamation League Center on Extremism.
People who hold these beliefs sometimes go by other names, including Alt-Right, Identarians and race realists. However, this is simply a rebranding -- "a new name for this old hatred," Segal said.
Richard Spencer, president of the National Policy Institute and the editor of Radix Journal, is credited with coining the term Alt-Right.
"I don't use the term white nationalist to describe myself," they said.
"I like the term Alt-Right. It has an openness to it. And immediately understandable. We're coming from a new perspective."
Why white nationalists are drawn to Charlottesville
Other white supremacist groups include the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazis. But most white supremacists aren't affiliated with an organized group, Segal said. Some also take measures to distance themselves from known hate groups, like the KKK.
"This lack of affiliation makes them harder to track, and also means that any groups that do emerge tend to be extremely flexible and porous," they added.
Some Klansmen still favor white robes and hoods. But groups like the Alt-Right, overwhelmingly made up of Millennial men, prefer khakis and collared shirts. They're active on social media and employ irony and humor in their messaging, Segal said.
But the goal is the same: a white ethno-state where each race lives in a separate nation.
White supremacists and their ilk see diversity as a threat, Segal said. A popular white supremacist slogan is, "Diversity is a code word for white genocide."
George Hawley, a political scientist at the University of Alabama, said a sense of white victimhood is key to the movement.
"There is a sense that whites are under siege and being deliberately dispossessed by hostile elites who wish to usher in a new multicultural order," Hawley said.
"They dislike the culturally-foreign immigrants who enter the United States and work for low wages, and they dislike the political and economic elites that invite them in. They are also hostile to the media and academia, which they contend push an anti-white message."
What would a white nationalist US look like?
You're getting a glimpse of it right now, according to Daryl Johnson, owner of domestic terror monitoring group DT Analytics and a former counterterrorism expert at the Department of Homeland Security.
"The anti-immigration xenophobia is rising," Johnson said. "US policy is becoming more isolationist -- the building of the (border) wall, the travel ban, mass deportations. These were ideas that I read about 10, 15 years ago on white supremacist message boards. Now they're being put forth as policy."
Johnson recounted a chilling chapter from "The Turner Diaries," a fictional account of a white supremacist guerrilla army that has been called the "bible of the racist right."
The chapter is titled, "The Day of the Rope" and describes mass lynchings of thousands of "race traitors."
"The 'Turner Diaries' laid out a vision of the US under white supremacist government," they said. "People would walk outside and literally see for as far as they could see people hanging from street lights in nooses."
Heidi Beirich, director of the Intelligence Project at the Southern Poverty Law Center, which tracks hate groups and extremists, said some white supremacists advocate genocide and ethnic cleansing. "You would have to forcibly remove people," they said. "This is cattle-cart stuff. It also shows that their plans aren't very well thought out. They're at best aspirational."
Instead, Beirich envisioned a tyrannical government.
"All civil rights for nonwhites would be removed," they said. "All political power would be in the hands of white people, in particular white men because this movement is an extremely male and, many would say, toxically masculine movement. They also have pretty retrograde views about what women should be doing."
They added, "If anything, their vision of America's future looks a lot like the 1600s or perhaps earlier."
Experts agree that the possibility of such a society developing in reality is extremely remote. "Real political leadership is so far from reality you aren't going to find much in the way of Alt-Right policy papers with detailed instructions for different government agencies," Hawley said.
Segal called it a "dystopian fantasy that has virtually no chance of actually happening."
"But it's safe to say that a white nationalist state is not a place most Americans of all races would want to find themselves living."
How much of a threat do these groups pose?
Because few white supremacists belong to organized groups, it's difficult to assess the size of their movement and the threat they pose.
The Alt-Right, for example, has no formal organization or membership, and most who identify as such are "anonymous and online," according to Hawley.
But Segal said the Alt-Right appears to be growing, with more adherents moving from a largely online presence to engaging in events like the "Unite the Right" rally in Charlottesville.
"They want to take advantage of the current political climate, which they feel is unprecedentedly welcoming to their world view," Segal said. "The outcome of the Charlottesville rally and other events this year will provide them a pretty clear idea of just how welcome their views actually are -- and will undoubtedly help shape their plans for the coming months."
Johnson placed the number of white supremacists connected to groups like the KKK, neo-Nazis, Aryan prison gangs and skinheads "probably in the hundreds of thousands in the United States."
The Southern Poverty Law Center counts more than 900 hate groups in the US, compared to about 600 in 2000, Beirich said. However, not all of them are white supremacist groups.
Many "Unite the Right" rally participants have latched onto President Donald Trump's controversial comments about Muslims and Mexicans, according to Beirich.
"They feel validated," they said. "They feel like all of a sudden we can be a part of the political system. The history of the last few decades of white supremacy in this country is that they viewed both the Republicans and the Democrats as a waste of time. In other words, politics was a dead end for them. But that has all changed with Trump."
Before Saturday's violence in Charlottesville, former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke called the "Unite the Right" rally a fulfillment of the promises of President Trump.
"This represents a turning point for the people of this country," Duke said at the rally. "We are determined to take our country back. We're going to fulfill the promises of Donald Trump, and that's what we believed in. That's why we voted for Donald Trump, because they said he's going to take our country back and that's what we have to do."
Trump, who condemned Saturday's violence, has sought to distance themselves from Duke and white supremacist groups.
"We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides," Trump said on Saturday.
However, their comment sparked outrage from critics, who said the President should have been more direct and forceful in condemning white supremacy and not equating the violence of counterprotesters with that of hate groups.
Beirich said the far right has inspired violence across the nation, including the fatal stabbing in May of two men who defended a 16-year-old and their Muslim friend in Portland, Oregon, the stabbing death of a young black student that same month at the University of Maryland, and the racially-motivated stabbing death of a 66-year-old black man in New York in March.
"When we took a look at lone wolf attacks inspired by radical right ideas in the last five years of the Obama administration, there was an attack or attempted plot every 34 days in the US," they said.
ADL research found that people with ties to the far right were responsible for 74% of homicides by extremists in the US between 2007 to 2016, according to Segal.
"Extremists of all kinds are always a threat," they said, "but when any extremist group feels emboldened, that's cause for serious concern."
Disney's The Jungle Book. Disney Enterprises, Inc.
Every month, Netflix adds dozens of new titles to its growing collection of streaming movies and TV series. At the same time, it rotates out some of its older titles. Below, we've chosen the best movies and shows to watch before they're removed from Netflix Instant in May. (All titles expire May 1 except where otherwise noted.)
Must Watch
GoodFellas
Good Watch
Bridget Jones's Diary
Field of Dreams
The Hurt Locker
The Jungle Book (2016) (May 30)
Ocean's Eleven
Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby (May 12)
Nostalgia Watch
﻿To Wong Foo, Thanks for Everything! Julie Newmar
Disney Channel Classics Watch
Cadet Kelly (May 2)
Camp Rock (May 2)
Camp Rock 2: The Final Jam (May 2)
Cow Belles (May 2)
Disney's The Cheetah Girls (May 2)
Disney's The Cheetah Girls 2 (May 2)
Disney's The Cheetah Girls: One World (May 2)
High School Musical (May 2)
High School Musical 2 (May 2)
Jump In! (May 2)
Wendy Wu: Homecoming Warrior (May 2)
Wizards of Waverly Place: The Movie (May 2)
Family Watch
Casper
Charlotte's Web
Little Einsteins: Seasons 1 - 2 (May 2)
Special Agent Oso: Seasons 1 - 2 (May 2)
“Mom! Phineas and Ferb Are Leaving Netflix!” Watch
Phineas and Ferb: Seasons 1 – 4 (May 2)
Phineas and Ferb the Movie: Across the 2nd Dimension (May 2)
If You're Bored
Chappie
Sahara
Silent Hill
The Exorcism of Emily Rose
To Rome With Love
12 Dates of Christmas (May 2)
Beauty & the Briefcase (May 2)
Cyberbully (May 2)
Frenemies (May 2)
Geek Charming (May 2)
Good Luck Charlie: It's Christmas (May 2)
Hello Sister, Goodbye Life (May 2)
Lemonade Mouth (May 2)
My Fake Fiancé (May 2)
Princess Protection Program (May 2)
Princess: A Modern Fairytale (May 2)
Read It and Weep (May 2)
Revenge of the Bridesmaids (May 2)
Sharpay's Fabulous Adventure (May 2)
StarStruck (May 2)
Teen Spirit (May 2)
The Secret Life of the American Teenager: Seasons 1 - 5 (May 2)
The Host (May 7)
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Gable-top packaging machine with special features to maintain product quality
The EQ-70 gable top packaging machine from Evergreen Packaging features servo-driven technology for repeatable package performance. It automatically controls fill volumes and profiles based on product and carton size for the dairy and liquid food markets. With fill volumes of 6 to 32 ounces, it fills quarts/liters up to 7,000 cph and fractionals up to 9,000 cph. Infinite fill adjustments allow for quick changes to fill volume and carton height. Extended long life components include a self-contained CIP/SIP system, environmental control features, carton decontamination and a hermetic filling system.
319-399-3294; www.evergreenpackaging.com
Ice cream filler allows for high-speed production in various capabilities
The Lynx from DariFill is an all-servo driven filler with four-wide cup, pint, quart and large container capability. With variegate, inclusion, and wet or dry topping capability this filler allows for high-speed production of complex, layered or simple products with heat seal and skirted lids. Open construction product valves allow crisp variegate patterns at the valve with large inclusions.
614-890-3274; www.DariFill.com
Designed for packaging cream cheese
The HCC filling line from Hart Design & Manufacturing is designed to reliably fill and package cream cheese with a capacity of 90 grams and 1 kilogram volumes. The line improves the dependability of cream cheese packaging with its servo-controlled, polished stainless steel pouchmaker, conveyor and filling station. The pouchmaker section forms a pouch from roll stock material by running it through a series of dancer rolls, forming board and nose piece to make a gusseted bottom pouch.
920-468-5927; www.hartdesign.com
Sanitary rotary filling and capping systems
Filler Specialties offers a full range of models of sanitary rotary filling and capping systems for speeds from 20 bottles per minute to more than 600. Features include sanitary design, gear drive with perfect timing ratios for optimum bottle handling, EMV external mount filling valves and optional ESL clean-in-place filling valves. Cappers include standard screw cappers, FH-917 cappers with lube-free spindles, and pick and place cappers. Optional machine enclosures include standard safety and Ultra Clean with HEPA filtration and internal sanitizing systems.
616-772-9235; www.filler-specialties.com
Ensures product integrity, production flexibility, cost efficiency and sustainability
Sidel offers a PET aseptic filling solution with dry preform decontamination. The company's patented technology — Sidel Predis — uses hydrogen peroxide mist to sterilize the preforms. Injected into the preforms just before they enter the oven, the peroxide mist is activated during the existing preform heating stage. Similarly, for cap decontamination, is its Capdis. By integrating preform decontamination, blowing and filling functions with cap decontamination in a single enclosure, the aseptic Combi Predis ensures a completely sterile filled and capped PET bottle with a 100% dry aseptic solution.
678-221-3000; www.sidel.com/filling
Upgraded compact rotary machine focuses on product safety
The compact RFS-Series machines from Osgood Industries, a Bosch Packaging Technology group company, match the output of a comparable inline machine. With features that prioritize product safety, ease of use and increased uptime, the machine fills, seals and caps pre-made cups for a broad range of dairy and food products. Capable of handling smaller cups at 9,600 cups per hour, the four-lane rotary filler is equipped with a new harmonized pump design. RFS-Series machines are available in 1-6 UP; can be configured for a variety of applications; seals with pre-die cut foils or roll stock film; in clean and ultra-clean execution and feature three major electronic formats.
813-855-7337; www.boschpackaging.com
Aseptic laboratory fillers with automated sterilization
MicroThermics offers aseptic laboratory fillers with models for 250 and 500 bottles per hour. These fillers can be integrated with the company's laboratory and small-scale UHT, HTST and Aseptic processing equipment to create a complete laboratory aseptic processing line. Clients can simulate the entire production process and fill into consumer style 250 milliliters or 500 milliliter plastic bottles. They feature commercial-grade automated sterilization of filling chamber, continuous sterilization of bottles and caps, and continuous filling of bottles in a sterile atmosphere.
919-878-8045; www.microthermics.com
Hygienically designed solutions for improved product safety
Bosch Packaging Technology offers solutions from low- to high-speed filling in different hygienic levels to match production needs as well as those for changeover and cup format flexibility. The Osgood rotary fill and seal machine for pre-made cups and the latest Ampack aseptic linear fill and seal machine for pre-made cups were developed to address key market requirements, such as hygienic operation, from low to high output, compact spaces and ease of use.
813-855-7337; www.boschpackaging.com
Designed for filling pre-made pouches of various dairy products
The CHP4H 3A-17 Ultra Clean from Cheer Pack North America was engineered for filling yogurt and other low-acid dairy products. It is certified to the USA 3A-17 standard and was specifically designed for pre-made spouted pouches. The CHP4H is capable of filling at speeds of 160 pouches per minute, or 36 million pouches annually. It offers versatile fill for volumes from 40 milliliters to more than 500 milliliters. It features a compact footprint and quick size change. The fillers can be customized to meet other applications and volumes.
888-593-2214; www.cheerpack.com
ESL filling lines for the dairy industry
To fulfill the ESL needs of dairies, Linker Equipment offers a Monoblock for milk filling and capping. It is equipped with a bottle rinser, completely sterilizing the inside and outside of the bottles by filling and overflowing them with a sterilant, which is then recirculated to maintain complete sterilization during production. Filling valves are equipped with electronic flow meters that prevent foaming. The bottle is then transferred to the capping station.
908-353-0700; www.linkercorp.com
Continuous motion filling and sealing machine
Contitherm 162 from IMA Gasti features continuous motion with an output of 40,320 cups per hour. It also features filler housing with piston type pumps without moving gaskets; an automatic nozzle cleaning system; and extractable foil lid magazine for reload without machine stoppage. The machine has a high level of automation and accurate dosing. It is straightforward and efficient to operate and clean.
978-537-8534; www.imadairyfood.com
CIP trough system fully automated for ease of operation
Fogg Filler's dairy CIP trough system meets all the latest 3-A standards. It is specially made to accommodate gallons and half-gallons. The reduction in moving parts keeps maintenance costs to a minimum. The materials, welds and angles used in the CIP trough are FDA-certified to ensure the best cleaning results from the CIP process. The CIP trough is fully covered to prevent anything from falling into the product.
616-786-3644; www.foggfiller.com
Paperboard gable-top carton form-fill-and-seal machine
Nimco Corp.'s Model 570CPUC gable-top packaging machine is one of several systems the company offers. The supplier has units that can fill liquid or dry products in volumes from 4 ounces to 5 liters at filling speeds of four to 125 cartons per minute. The UltraClean ESL system helps extend the shelf-life of chilled products.
815-459-4200; www.nimco.com
Filling machine for aseptically packaging milkshakes
SIG Combibloc offers the CFA 712, an aseptic filler for milkshakes. It can fill up to 12,000 carton packs per hour.
610-546-4132; www.sig.biz/usa-canada/en/sig-usa-canada
Ice cream novelty filler helps cut operating costs
The Tetra Pak Ice Cream Filler A3 produces up to 18,000 ice cream cones per hour and features three enhanced components. The cone dispenser is capable of handling different cones and cups. An easy-to-operate chocolate sprayer is said to have exceptional accuracy. A precise lid dispenser improves standardization. These features help manufacturers increase efficiency by reducing waste, minimizing stops and increasing overall speed, while ensuring product quality.
847-955-6000; www.tetrapak.com
Fillers provide portioning accuracy, versatility and sanitation
Vemag fillers from Reiser are ideal for all types of filling, depositing and portioning applications. They allow processors to produce a variety of different products with minimal changeover time. The machines can handle all types of stiff and viscous dairy products. They feature a powerful, positive displacement double-screw pump that provides high levels of portioning accuracy. The double-screw gently transports products, and the dripless valve attachment fills cups, trays and packages accurately and gently without mess or container contamination.
781-821-1290; www.reiser.com
Filling equipment for a wide range of dairy processing
Sawvel Automation's model 113-AAA can fill products such as yogurt, sour cream, fresh crema, cottage cheese and processed cheese. The machine offers accurate scale-controlled filling and speeds up to 12 containers per minute. It handles 1 gallon to 6 gallon round or square containers in a right- or left-handed production flow. Fill temperatures range from 35 F to 200 F. All product contact surfaces are 316 stainless steel, and each includes a standard program for CIP cleaning.
877-488-1816; www.sawvelautomation.com
Nicole was only 23 when they had a double mastectomy following a breast cancer diagnosis. After they recovered, Nicole got a chest tattoo that symbolizes how they want to live life after cancer.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
India air pollution deaths poised to exceed China's
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
CBS Local — A family's toy review videos, starring their six-year-old son, has turned the youngster into one of the richest YouTube stars online.
Ryan, the star of Ryan ToysReview, finished in the Top 10 of Forbes' highest-paid YouTube stars in the world this year. The six-year-old's massively popular channel has reportedly earned $11 million in 2017.
The channel has attracted a huge following of parents and children who watch Ryan test out new toys and give their thoughts on them. Ryan ToysReview started in 2015 when the boy was only four; it now has over 10 million subscribers and their videos were reportedly viewed over eight billion times during the 12-month period Forbes was tracking them.
“He loves Cars, Trains, Thomas and friends, Lego, Superheroes, Disney toys, open surprise eggs, play doh , Pixar Disney cars , Disney Planes, monster trucks, minions, playtime at the fun, family fun adventure and so much more!,” Ryan's parents write on the family's YouTube channel.
Ryan's family says the child star was inspired by watching other children and programs on YouTube and wanted to join the party. “One day, they asked me, ‘How come I'm not on YouTube when all the other kids are?' So we just decided — yeah, we can do that. Then, we took them to the store to get their very first toy — I think it was a Lego train set — and it all started from there,” the boy's mother said, via TubeFilter.
The family, who decided to keep their last name and location a secret for their son's safety, says the show will only go on as long as Ryan continues to enjoy it. Once the youngster gets bored with their hit show, their parents say Ryan stop giving out the multi-million-dollar reviews.
The products were launched by the Head of Business at Glo Ghana, Mr Nagasai Viswanath, and the Head of Administration, Mr Derek Obuobi, in Accra Tuesday.
Glo Mobile Ghana has introduced three new products for its existing and new subscribers across the country. The products, Talk More, New Data Plans and Flexi Recharge, have been designed to empower customers to call and browse with data at affordable rates.
Value for money
In a presentation to demonstrate how the products would operate, the Greater Accra Regional Sales Manager, Mr Daniel Ofori, said the three products were designed to offer value for money for customers and new subscribers of the network.
According to him, the Talk More allowed subscribers of Glo to call other networks at reduced rates.
“This is a prepaid plan specially designed to eliminate subscribers' apprehension about the cost of making calls across all networks in Ghana. This plan will offer the best of services as far as voice calls are concerned at reduced rates,” they said.
According to Mr Ofori, after every recharge, a customer would get free data.
Offers
Mr Viswanath indicated that the products were the best offers on the market so far.
They said the Flexi Recharge for instance was introduced to allow flexibility for subscribers “to make calls and use data without the fear of being charged heavily when they do not have data bundles.”
Mr Viswanath explained that customers who might not want to bundle data but still would need that for browsing could go in for the flexi product.
They added that the product was introduced “as a response to a need to ensure subscribers call for less and derive the maximum value from every recharge they make.”
Mr Viswanath said necessary plans had been put in place to roll out other offers in the course of the year, and assured consumers of the best of services.
Data plans
Under the data plans, one can get 400MB at GH¢5 and 800MB at GH¢10 for a period of 30 days.
Mr Obuobi also assured consumers that the terms and offers would not be changed under any circumstances.
“Glo is unique in everything it does as well as the products it introduces, so our customers can be rest assured that they will never be shortchanged at any time,” they said.
For their part, the Ambassadors of Glo Ghana, Juliet Ibrahim and Joselyn Dumas, both pledged to carry out activities to promote the various products of the company.
Revathy Defends Manju Warrier's Silence
While speaking on the matter, Revathy said that Manju has decided against commenting on Dileep's return to AMMA as they have a 'personal connection' with the whole controversy.
"Manju has decided to stay away from all this for now. They have a personal connection to the entire issue and it's their right to keep away from the row," they added.
Manju Has Spoken About The Actress Assault Case In The Past
While Manju has decided against commenting on the AMMA issue, the fact remains that they are quite outspoken and has been a pillar of support for the attacked actor for some time. Last February, they had asked AMMA to ensure that justice prevails and hinted at a conspiracy behind the attack.
They Have Spoken In Favour Of Dileep As Well
Last year, Manju had spoken in favour of Dileep's Ramleela and criticised those who were asking for a ban on the film. They had also made it clear that there is no place for such things in a civilised society.
To Conclude..
There's no denying that Dileep's return to AMMA has taken a toll on the organisation's reputation. The Kannada Film Industry recently commented on the controversy and asked AMMA to re-consider the decision to take back Dileep. KFI's actions indicate that this is no longer something that concerns only Mollywood. As such, it will not be too surprising if Manju is ultimately forced to comment on the matter.
ANGKLA Rep. Jess Manalo inspected the PHILCAMSAT Maritime Skills Training Campus located at Maragondon, Cavite to ensure the quality of their Maritime Safety Facility which produces Global Maritime Professionals.
In ANGKLA, we believe that with proper education, correct training, and right exposure, we can have world-class Maritime Professionals.
ANGKLA would like to greet all the Filipino Seafarers around the world! Happy Day of yhe Filipino Seafarer
"My now 16-year-old daughter called me and they were in tears and they were really upset."
CORVALLIS, Ore. - Culminating five years of work, Oregon State University has submitted a 1,000-page plan that outlines construction and operation details of a wave energy test site off the Oregon coast, along with measures to avoid, minimize and mitigate any potential environmental effects. The project is designed to allow commercial wave energy developers the opportunity to test different technologies for harnessing the untapped energy of ocean waves.
More Headlines Articles
Submitting the draft license application to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, an independent agency that regulates the transmission of electricity, opens a 90-day public comment period on this effort. The draft license application is a key component of a $35 million grant that Oregon State University received in December 2016 from the U.S. Department of Energy to develop and build-out the site. The project has also received financial support from the State of Oregon."Submitting the draft license application is an important milestone for this project," said Burke Hales, the chief scientist for the project and a professor in Oregon State's College of Ocean, Earth, and Atmospheric Sciences. "It represents five years of work by a dedicated group of more than 40 partners from federal, state and community groups, including the Fishermen Involved in Natural Energy (FINE), who represent the local fishing interests."The test site will be located about seven miles west of Seal Rock, which is between Newport and Waldport on the Oregon coast. It will be the first pre-permitted full-scale, utility grid-connected wave energy test site in the United States.The test site will be connected with cables to a shoreside facility where electricity generated by the wave energy converters will be "conditioned" and fed onto the local utility distribution system. The ocean test site will accommodate up to 20 wave energy converters with a peak capacity to generate as much as 20 megawatts of electricity, or enough to power about 20,000 homes when operating at full capacity.After the public comment period is over, Oregon State University will address concerns that are raised and finalize project plans. They then expect to submit a final license application to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission in late 2018.The test site project is housed within Oregon State University's College of Earth, Ocean, and Atmospheric Sciences (CEOAS), an internationally recognized, comprehensive earth system science program which has expertise across coastal oceanography and collaborative research programs that span basic science, engineering, policy and practice.-30-About the OSU College of Earth, Ocean, and Atmospheric Sciences: CEOAS is internationally recognized for its faculty, research and facilities, including state-of-the-art computing infrastructure to support earth/ocean/atmosphere observation and prediction. The college is a leader in the study of the Earth as an integrated system, providing scientific understanding to complex environmental challenges.
Spaeth: Coping with grief as a college student
The deaths of multiple University of Oregon students and a professor have brought grief upon the university community and beyond. Coping as a college student poses unique challenges, as the college environment is not the most conducive to grieving. After a tragic event like this occurs, students are forced back into their stressful lives and not allotted the necessary time to grieve. Despite this challenge, there are resources specifically designed to help with the grieving process that are available to UO students.
Unfortunately, when a college student loses someone, the world does not halt for us: we are forced to move on, often before we are ready. Grief is difficult to escape and there are no easy answers when it comes to coping with a death. The emotions are overwhelming and it brings on pain unlike anything you may have felt before. In our hearts, we understand that death is a natural part of life, but that knowledge makes it no easier to cope with a death.
Everyone copes differently. Coping with the loss of a friend or family member is incredibly challenging, and for some, it might be one of the greatest challenges they have faced. After a loss, some want to do something to dull the pain and fill that void. This can cause one to develop harmful habits, such as doing drug or abusing alcohol, oversleeping, developing a sex addiction or even engaging in excessive exercise. Moving on is going to hurt, but developing unhealthy methods of coping won't help in the long run and will likely result in more suffering.
Taking time to grieve and finding an outlet for negative emotions can help. Grief is a process that affects people to different degrees — meaning there is no universal solution. You need to accept that time is needed and allow yourself to grieve properly. It's okay to not be okay. As Julia Samuel said in “Grief Works: Stories of Life, Death, and Surviving,” a self-help novel that details solutions for dealing with grief, “You never ‘get over it,' you ‘get on with it,' and you never ‘move on,' but you ‘move forward.'”
Therapists and psychologists are trained to help people handle the emotions brought on by the death of a loved one. They can provide strategies to cope with and manage a loss. The University of Oregon provides counseling through the UO Health Center, along with an after hour support and crisis line (541-346-3227). There are also resources in the Eugene community not affiliated with the university, such as private counselors specialized in grief counseling. Talking to someone and learning how to process the emotions you are feeling is a healthy way to handle a loss. Research has been done on how to help college students cope with a loss and educate people on these unique circumstances. There is also an organization called the Students of AMF (Actively Moving Forward), which works toward connecting grieving college students.
Additional University of Oregon groups include:
University Mental Health Support Line
SAFE Hotline (541) 346-7233
Support (Group Counseling) Living With Loss
The healing process for individuals coping with loss is intense and heartbreaking. When someone close to you passes, grieving is a life-changing experience. Know your resources and allow yourself to deal with the overwhelming emotions that come along with a death. While you may never truly move on, you can move forward.
Donating to the Daily Emerald We need you to support our mission. Please donate to independent non-profit student journalism.
Donate
Comments
Tell us what you think:
Peltz puts pressure on P&G with $3bn-plus stake
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Jerry Drake Varnell, is pictured in this undated handout photo. Oklahoma Department of Corrections / Reuters
The bomb was a fake — the result of a months-long domestic terrorism investigation, the U.S. Attorney's Office for Oklahoma's Western District said in a statement. The cell phone that Varnell believed was a detonator dialed law enforcement, and the getaway driver was an undercover agent with the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
The agency had been monitoring Varnell since December, the documents say, when they began discussing plans with a confidential informant about attacking the Federal Reserve Building in Washington D.C. “in a manner similar” to the 1995 bombing in Oklahoma City that killed 168 people and injured hundreds more.
“I'm out for blood,” Varnell wrote in a text message to the informant, the documents say. “When militias start getting formed I'm going after government officials when I have a team.”
Later, Varnell changed their plans, saying they didn't “want to kill a bunch of people,” the documents say, adding that the agent cautioned them that such a plan could still result in death.
“You got to break a couple of eggs to make an omelet,” Varnell responded during one of the meetings, the documents say.
Related:
Three Arrested in Bomb Plot Targeting Somalis in Kansas
Varnell lived in a trailer on their parents' property in Sayre, 130 miles east of Oklahoma City. In a June meeting with the agent, the documents say, they described themselves as a believer in “Three Percenter” ideology, a group that says it promotes patriotism and love of freedom and liberty. The Southern Poverty Law Center, which monitors hate groups and extremists, has
described the national group as anti-government. In a statement Monday, the Three Percenters condemned Varnell's plans.
Varnell later wrote a message that they believed would be posted on Facebook and would distinguish the bank bombing from an ISIS attack. The message said the bombing was in “retaliation” for the “freedoms that have been taken away from the American people,” the documents say.
It wasn't immediately clear if Varnell had a lawyer.
In a now-deleted Facebook post, Cade Varnell, who identified themselves as Jerry's brother, accused the agency of pushing them into the plot, The Oklahoman
reported.
“The FBI brought them the van loaded with explosives,” the post said. “Good job America.”
Cade Varnell did not immediately respond to an interview request.
Randall Margraves (L) lunges at Larry Nassar (wearing orange), a former team USA Gymnastics doctor who pleaded guilty in November 2017 to sexual assault charges, during victim statements of their sentencing in the Eaton County Circuit Court in Charlotte, Michigan on February 2, 2018. REUTERS/Rebecca Cook
When Randall Margraves asked to speak in a Michigan courtroom Friday, they were obviously angry. Two of their three daughters who were sexually abused by former USA Gymnastics national team doctor Larry Nassar had just finished delivering their victim impact statements during the sentencing hearing Friday. Margraves' third daughter had spoken the day before.
“You son of a bitch,” Margraves quickly said to Nassar, who has already been sentenced to up to 175 years in prison. At which point Judge Janice Cunningham asked them to abstain from using profanity.
Margraves then had another request. “I would ask you as part of the sentencing to grant me five minutes in a locked room with this demon,” they said to the judge. When Cunningham demurred, Margraves dropped their time request: “Would you give me one minute?” The judge told them they knew “that I can't do that” as some in the courtroom appear to laugh nervously at the request. That's when Margraves seemingly decided to take matters into their own hands and lunged toward Nassar, who was seated wearing an orange jumpsuit.
WATCH: The father of victims of ex-USA Gymnastic doctor Larry Nassar lunges at Nassar in court after saying to judge, “I would ask you to as part of the sentencing to grant me 5 minutes in a locked room with this demon.” https://t.co/KltZISbi1m pic.twitter.com/Am0N4gZzsT — CBS News (@CBSNews) February 2, 2018
Officers managed to tackle Margraves just as they were about to reach Nassar. “One minute!” Margraves repeatedly yelled out as they were handcuffed. “What if this happened to you guys?” they said to the police officers who dragged them out of the courtroom.
Although Margraves was held in direct contempt of court, Cunningham said they will not be fined nor arrested. “There is no way this court is going to issue any type of punishment due to the circumstances of this case,” Cunningham said. The judge did issue a warning: “I cannot tolerate or condone vigilantism or any other type of action that basically comes down to an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth.”
Margraves ultimately apologized to the court for their actions. “I lost control. I apologize a hundred times,” they said. “I'm definitely calmed down. I'm embarrassed. I'm not here to upstage my daughters. I'm here to help them heal.”
The outburst “underscored the pain Nassar's abuse has caused their victims' parents,” notes Reuters. Several parents have openly spoken about how guilty they feel about essentially delivering their children to a sexual predator. More than 250 women have filed police reports saying Nassar sexually abused them.
Disease Burden Growing as Vector Insects Adapt to Climate Change
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Apr 18 2017 (IPS) - There were surprised gasps when University of the West Indies (UWI) Professor John Agard told journalists at an Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) meeting in late November 2016 that mosquitoes were not only living longer, but were “breeding in septic tanks underground”.
For many, it explained why months of fogging at the height of Zika and Chikungunya outbreaks had done little to reduce mosquito populations in their various countries. The revelation also made it clear that climate change would force scientists and environmental health professionals to spend more time studying new breeding cycles and finding new control techniques for vector insects.
“Globally, we predict that over 2.17 billion people live in areas that are environmentally suitable for ZIKV transmission." --Dr. Moritz Kraemar
Jump to March 31, 2017 when the UWI and the government of Jamaica opened the new Mosquito Control and Research Unit at the Mona Campus in Kingston, to investigate new ways to manage and eradicate mosquitoes. Its existence is an acknowledgement that the region is looking for improved management and control strategies.
Agard was reporting on a study by the late Dave Chadee, a co-author on the IPCC Fifth Assessment Report and UWI professor. The study examined evolutionary changes in the life cycle of the Aedes aegypti mosquito, which spreads the yellow and dengue fevers as well as the chikungunya and Zika viruses.
“We found out that in higher temperatures, the mosquito's breeding cycle shortens. They go through more cycles during the season and they produce more offspring. The mosquitoes, however, are a little smaller,” Agard told journalists.
Even more worrisome were Chadee's findings on the longevity of the “evolved” mosquitoes – 100 days instead of the 30 days they were previously thought to survive. The study also found that mosquitoes that survived longer than 90 days could produce eggs and offspring that were born transmitters, raising new concerns.
Alarming as these findings were, they were only the latest on the evolutionary strategies of vector insect populations in the Caribbean. A study published in February 2016 revealed that the triatomino (or vinchuca), the vector insects for Chagas disease, were breeding twice a year instead of only in the rainy season. And before that in 2011, Barbadian Environmental officers found mosquitoes breeding in junction boxes underground.
Sebastian Gourbiere, the researcher who led the Chagas study, pointed to the need for regional governments to re-examine their vector control methods if they are to effectively fight these diseases.
“The practical limitations that the dual threat poses outweigh the capabilities of local vector teams,” they said in response to questions about the control of Chagas disease.
Caribbean scientists and governments had already been warned. The IPCC's AR 5 (2013) acknowledged the sensitivity of human health to shifts in weather patterns and other aspects of the changing climate.
“Until mid-century climate change will act mainly by exacerbating health problems that already exist. New conditions may emerge under climate change, and existing diseases may extend their range into areas that are presently unaffected,” the report said.
Gourbiere agrees with Agard and other regional researchers that there is need for solutions that are primarily focused on vector controls: eradication and effective controls of the Aedes aegypti could also eliminate the diseases they spread.
The failure of the newest vector control strategies also forced health professionals to revisit the old, but proven techniques developed with the guidance of researchers like Chadee, whose work on dengue and yellow fever, malaria and most recently the Zika virus had helped to guide the development of mosquito control, surveillance and control strategies in the Caribbean.
And while Zika brought with it several other serious complications like microcephaly, which affects baby born to women infected by the virus, and Guillain Barré Syndrome, the threats also exposed more serious concerns. The rapid spread of the viruses opened the eyes of regional governments to the challenges of emerging diseases and of epidemics like ebola and H1N1.
But it was the World Health Organisation (WHO) that raised concerns about the status and possible effects of the Neglected Tropical Diseases (NTDs) – a group of communicable diseases including the Zika virus – which affect more than a billion people in 149 countries each year but for which there are no treatments.
NTDs include Dengue, Chic-V and Chagas Disease and until the last outbreak in 2014 that killed more than 6,000 people, Ebola was among them. In the previous 26 outbreaks between 1976 and 2013, only 1,716 people in sub-Saharan African nations were infected, WHO data showed.
Now the Caribbean is changing its approach to the study and control of vector insects. So while there are no widespread infections of Chagas disease, UWI is preparing to begin its own studies on the triatomino and the disease it transmits.
An addition to UWI's Task Force formed just over a year ago to “aggressively eliminate” breeding sites for the Aedes aegypti mosquito, the Mosquito Unit is expected to build on Professor Chadee's groundbreaking research.
“From dealing with the consequences of Chikungunya, Dengue and Zika on our population to managing the potentially harmful effects of newly discovered viruses, the benefits of establishing a unit like this will produce significant rewards in the protection of national and regional health,” UWI Mona Professor Archibald McDonald said at the launch.
Zika had been infecting thousands of people in Asia and Africa for decades before it made its devastating appearance in Brazil and other parts of Latin America and the Caribbean. Zika also made its way to the US and several European nations in 2016, before being confirmed in Thailand on Sept 30.
Not surprising, as in its 3rd AR, and most recently in the 5th AR the IPCC projected increases in threats to human health, particularly in lower income populations of mainly tropical and sub-tropical countries. Those findings are also supported by more recent independent studies including Mapping global environmental suitability for Zika virus, published by the University of Oxford (UK) in February 2016.
By combining climate data, mosquito prevalence and the socio-economic makeup of each region, researchers found the likelihood of the Zika virus gaining a foothold worldwide to be “extremely high”. The team led by Moritz Kraemer also concluded that Zika alone could infect more than a third of the world's population.
The findings noted that shifts in the breeding patterns of the Aedes family of mosquitos allowed it to take advantage of newly ‘favourable conditions' resulting from climate change. The environmentally suitable areas now stretch from the Caribbean to areas of South America; large portions of the United States to sizeable areas of sub-Saharan Africa; more than two million square miles of India “from its northwest regions through to Bangladesh and Myanmar”; the Indochina region, southeast China and Indonesia and includes roughly 250,000 square miles of Australia.
“Globally, we predict that over 2.17 billion people live in areas that are environmentally suitable for ZIKV transmission,” Dr. Kraemar said.
The Aedes aegypti mosquitoes' efficiency at spreading diseases in urban areas and population densities are believed to be the main factors driving the rapid spread of the Zika virus. Other studies have found the Zika virus in 19 species of the Aedes family, with the Asian Tiger Mosquito (Aedes albopictus) – which has now spread its range to Europe – likely another efficient vector.
Back in the Caribbean, Chadee's findings on the adaptation of the Aedes aegypti mosquito from clean water breeders to breeding in available waters is expected to drive the development of regional strategies that are better suited to the evolving environment of a changing climate.
GREENVILLE, N.C. – ECU women's basketball (13-10, 5-5) recorded the program's second-largest American Athletic Conference win on Saturday night with a 76-47 victory over SMU (8-15, 2-8). The 29 point final margin is second, only to the Pirates 87-46 win on the road at Houston on Jan. 10, 2015.
The Pirates defense recorded a season-high 22 steals and forced SMU into 34 turnovers. ECU would convert the Mustang's turnovers into 32 points. For the second time, this season ECU's offense would produce 20 plus points in three separate quarters.
ECU first-year student Lashonda Monk recorded their first collegiate double-double with career highs in points (20) and steals (10), one steal shy of the program single-game record. The first-year student has now recorded career-highs in points in three-straight contests.
Fellow first-year student Necole Hope notched 13 second-half points and finished as the Pirates second-leading scorer. Junior Alex Frazier added 12 points, five assists and four rebounds. Frazier has now recorded double-figures in four-straight games for the first time in their career.
The Mustangs got off to a quick start, shooting 57.1 percent from the field. For ECU, Monk scored seven points in the opening quarter that included 10 lead changes between the two teams. SMU closed the first quarter by scoring six-straight points to close the quarter with a five-point lead.
ECU answered back in the second quarter with a 12-2 scoring run of their own and held SMU without a field goal for over three minutes of the quarter. ECU would end the first half with a seven-point lead.
The Pirates locked down on defense in the third quarter, recording nine steals and forcing SMU into 10 turnovers. The purple and gold held SMU without a made field goal for over seven minutes of the third quarter. ECU's offense would add 21 points in the frame and lead by twenty-points at the end of the third quarter.
The Pirates would extend the lead in the fourth quarter, adding 20 points on 44.4 percent shooting from the field.
SMU was led by their 6-foot-6 center, Klara Bradshaw, who didn't miss a shot from the field and finished with 10 points and 11 rebounds. Freshman Johnasia Cash also added 11 points on 3-of-9 shooting for the Mustangs.
Post-game Comments
Heather Macy's Opening Statement
“I'm just really proud of this basketball team, I think that they did a great job executing the game plan, sharing the basketball obviously, when you look at it we had had 20 assists on 31 buckets. I think it tells you a lot on the unselfishness of our basketball team.”
On Lashonda Monk
“She's been doing amazing. I mean what a response to being changed in the middle of the year from a wing position to a point guard. She's going to be a better point guard for it because they will understand how we want to play from a different angle.”
Lashonda Monk on their starting role
“I think starting gets me going earlier. I don't have to sit and adjust to the game, starting just gets me going and gets me hyped. I've always known that I can play defense, but I'm just getting comfortable and Coach Macy is trusting me so it's all coming together.”
Team Records
SMU (8-15, 2-8), ECU (13-10, 5-5)
Quarterly Scoring
Team 1st 2nd 3rd 4th Total SMU 18 10 8 11 47 ECU 13 22 21 20 76
News and Notes
The Pirates have won four of the last five games.
ECU's 29 point win margin is the second-largest scoring margin in an AAC game in program history.
Lashonda Monk notched a career-high in scoring for the third consecutive contest and recorded a double-double with 20 points and 10 steals.
Alex Frazier recorded 12 points. For the first time in their career, they have recorded double-digits in four-consecutive games.
ECU is now 8-2 when leading at the halftime mark.
The Pirates are now 4-0 in conference play when scoring 70 or more points.
ECU has now won three-straight AAC games for the first time since 2014-15.
The Pirates are now 10-8 all-time against SMU, while Macy is 7-5 against the Mustangs in their career. The Pirates are 5-1 when playing SMU in Minges Coliseum. Up Next
ECU will travel to Florida for the Pirates' lone regular-season matchup with USF (18-5, 8-2) on Wednesday at 7 p.m.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Reinsurers braced for year of cost-cutting
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
1:48
Cal Poly grad's Farmbot aims to revolutionize food production — one garden bed at a time
President Trump's son Eric was probably trying to make a joke when, on the day after New Year's, they complained that their Twitter account was suggesting they start following Hillary Clinton, former President Obama and talk show host Ellen DeGeneres, none of them exactly known for their affection for the Trump family. “Shocking,” declared young Trump, deadpan, following it with the sinister hashtag #DeepState.
But Twitter is no place for nuance, and their message unleashed a firestorm of angry tweets from anti-Trumpers, calling them a paranoid idiot and worse. Among them was a reply from the famously droll DeGeneres. “What is the Deep State?” they asked. “Is it near Dollywood? Because I'm in, if it is.”
DeGeneres' confusion is understandable. A couple of years ago, the only Americans who were familiar with the term Deep State were a handful of against-the-current political scientists and the readers of an obscure comic book about a wing of the FBI dedicated to covering up the fact that Russia beat America to the moon.
But since then, Deep State has entered the public lexicon with a vengeance. Congressmen promise to bust it to pieces. President Trump says it's taken control of the FBI. Right-wing podcasts warn it's going to kill us all. Left-wing commentators grumble that their concept has been stolen and turned into a cartoon.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
“You've got this strange meeting of the crazy left and the crazy right and they're all onto this Deep State thing, and it's entered into public parlance,” says journalist-historian Max Holland, author of books on Watergate and the Kennedy assassinaton. “It used to be that crazy conspiracy thinking was mostly kept in one little box labeled JFK ASSASSINATION, but now it's everywhere.”
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 1:48 AP: State of our union by the numbers Pause 5:10 See border wall prototypes at Otay Mesa Port of Entry from above 2:16 Rep. Mike Thompson: "To sweep this under the rug is a shame" 0:24 Trump tells French president's wife: 'You're in such a good shape' 2:57 Trump's FBI pick wants to lead independent bureau that will "make every American proud" 1:52 Cruz supports revised GOP health care bill with their amendment attached 6:58 Rep. Mike Thompson seeks justice for veterans exposed to chemical tests 1:11 California member of congress files article of impeachment against President Trump 1:33 Donald Trump Jr. releases Russia emails 0:30 Moran's town hall meeting in western Kansas Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
The JFK Assassination: A cast of characters As new documents about the killing of President John F. Kennedy are released, The New York Times's Peter Baker walks us through who's who in this American tragedy. New York Times
If that's an exaggeration, it's not by much. An ABC News/Washington Post poll last year showed that near half the people in America believe a Deep State — defined as “military, intelligence and government officials who try to secretly manipulate government policy” — is working behind the facade of the constitutional U.S. government.
President Trump's son Eric Trump used #DeepState after their Twitter account was suggesting they start following Hillary Clinton, former President Obama and talk show host Ellen DeGeneres. Alex Wong Getty Images
The definition used by the poll does not necessarily match those used in public debate. What, exactly, the Deep State is depends on who you talk to, from judicious political scientists who talk wonkily of the competing interests of government bureaucracies to wing-nuts like the guest on the uber-conservative Alex Jones radio show who wailed, “Trump will be killed... They're going to kill us, they're going to kill him, they're going to kill everybody!”
Though President Trump and their allies have popularized the term, referring to what they believe is a covert coalition of government officials and institutions and their allies in big media organizations who are trying to thwart their policies, the concept of the Deep State precedes them by many years.
It originated in the 1920s to describe the iron-fisted clique of security officials and gangsters who pulled the strings — bloodily, if necessary — of Turkey's puppet civilian government. The first to apply it to the United States was Peter Dale Scott, a leftist University of California scholar, in their book 2007 book “The Road to 9/11,” which wove a dark tapestry of covert conspiracy from events as diverse as the Kennedy assassination, Watergate and the Iran-contra scandal.
“There's nothing crazy about the idea of the Deep State, of the idea that elites inside and outside the government wield power not assigned to them by the Constitution, irrespective of the will of voters,” Scott told the Miami Herald. “The way the Trump people are using it may be cartoonish, but the idea isn't.”
The first to apply the phrase Deep State to the United States was Peter Dale Scott, a University of California scholar, in their book 2007 book “The Road to 9/11,” which wove a dark tapestry of covert conspiracy from events as diverse as the Kennedy assassination, Watergate and the Iran-contra scandal.
They have plenty of respectable company in thinking so, including at least one former U.S. president. In 1961, more than four decades before Scott's book, President Eisenhower warned the nation that “we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military–industrial complex.”
“Eisenhower didn't use the phrase, but he's definitely talking about a Deep State there,” says Joseph Uscinski, a University of Miami political scientist. “This is an idea that has been around for a long time.”
That doesn't necessarily make it correct, though, Uscinski adds, particularly in the somewhat casual way Trump and their supporters use the term.
“If you say the president faces bureaucratic resistance to their programs, that's reasonably true,” says Uscinski. “If you say government bureaucracies have their own agendas, that's reasonably true. If you say a secret cabal in the FBI is trying to take down the president — well, that could be true. But you can't just say it, you've got to provide evidence.”
Not so long ago, the idea of the Deep State would have been dismissed out of hand by most Americans. In fact, it was. In 1956, sociologist C. Wright Mills published a study called “The Power Elite,” which began: “The powers of ordinary men are circumscribed by the everyday worlds in which they live, yet even in these rounds of job, family and neighborhood they often seem driven by forces they can neither understand nor govern.”
Mills' Deep State-ish argument — that the country was actually ruled by an interlocking web of individuals from elite families who went to the same prep schools and universities, joined the same secret societies or eating clubs, sat on the same corporate boards and often intermarried — was initially dismissed as pure crackpot by respectable academia and journalism. The New York Times Book Review called it “an angry cartoon,” Time magazine labeled it “sociological mumbo jumbo.”
But within a decade, most college political science departments were assigning their students reading from Mills' book. Its influence extended well beyond U.S. borders: Fidel Castro was an enthusiastic reader, and their speeches cadged from it, though without giving credit.
Revelations over the past 50 years about the dark underbelly of the U.S. government have undoubtedly opened American minds to more conspiratorial interpretations of the way Washington works. Does it sound crazy to compare the United States government to that of a lawless, coup-happy country like Turkey? Maybe.
But is that any less crazy than the fact — emphasis on fact — that the Pentagon planted a spy in the Nixon White House to steal secrets from the wastebaskets? Or that the CIA was dosing unsuspecting civilians with LSD to see if it would make them receptive to mind control? Or that the government was spying on people through their Xbox video games? (Edward Snowden, the rogue National Security Agency subcontractor who spilled the secrets about the Xbox, told The Nation magazine: “There's definitely a Deep State. Trust me, I've been there.”)
Even observers who are dubious about Trump's claims that he's the victim of a massive Washington cabal believe they may be facing a much milder version of the Deep State: stiff resistance from the government's gargantuan bureaucracy, which, with its civil-service protections, stays in place as presidential administrations come and go.
Long-lived bureaucracies start to resemble living organisms that fight to protect their own turf, from each other and even more from elected officials, which the bureaucrats tend to regard as temporary pests who will be moving on soon.
“The problem gets worse when there are big ideological contrasts from one administration to the next,” says Adam J. White, a research fellow at the Hoover Institution and director of the Center for the Study of the Administrative State at George Mason University.
“For eight years, we had President Obama, possibly the most liberal president in history, and most of the people they hired probably shared their political vision. And now he's been replaced by a guy who came promising to ‘drain the swamp' of Washington. Even before President Trump took office, you had people announcing they would form ‘the resistance.' I'm sure there are problems.
“Practically every president has, to some extent, quarreled with the bureaucracy. I was reading a biography of Henry Kissinger and it had this story about them — before they joined the government themselves — going to visit their friend Arthur Schlesinger, who was a member of President Kennedy's staff. Kissinger says, ‘Hey, how's it going?' and Schlesinger answers, ‘It's just awful, we can't get any of our programs through the bureaucracy, we're practically dead in the water.' So much for the New Frontier!”
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Amber Heard spotted on romantic date with Sean Penn "They shared a bottle of red wine and were flirty and intimate with each other," a source said.
Amber Heard and Sean Penn spotted out together Amber Heard is dating again after breaking up with longtime boyfriend and space cowboy Elon Musk. Sources close to “Page Six TV” spotted Heard out on a date in LA...
Elon Musk and Amber Heard split again Sources confirmed to Page Six that the pair has split for the second time, just a few months after reconciling.
Amber Heard and Elon Musk continue to rekindle their romance They were spotted together over the holidays in Chile and visiting Easter Island.
Elon Musk and Amber Heard spotted together — again The two were seen emotionally kissing goodbye as they left a Los Angeles restaurant on Thursday.
Amber Heard shades filmmakers for defending Johnny Depp Heard has accused ex-husband Depp of domestic violence. They finalized their divorce in August 2016.
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
0:44 How an officer can tell whether a driver is stoned
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
1:03 Gun shop owner defends security barriers
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
But the party did not achieve the recovery it had hoped for by pitching a new opposition that would campaign to stay in the European Union.
They themselves meanwhile defended their own Westmorland and Lonsdale seat by just 777 votes.
Many of the target seats it failed to win were in highly Leave-leaning areas.
That recovery was never inevitable but we have seen the doubling of our party membership, growth in council elections, our first parliamentary by-election win for more than a decade, and most recently our growth at the 2017 general election.
Most importantly the Liberal Democrats have established ourselves with a significant and distinctive role – passionate about Europe, free trade, strong well-funded public services underpinned by a growing market economy.
No one else occupies that space. Against all the odds, the Liberal Democrats matter again.
We can be proud of the progress we have made together, although there is much more we need to do.
From the very first day of my leadership, I have faced questions about my Christian faith. I've tried to answer with grace and patience. Sometimes my answers could have been wiser.
At the start of this election, I found myself under scrutiny again – asked about matters to do with my faith. I felt guilty that this focus was distracting attention from our campaign, obscuring our message.
Journalists have every right to ask what they see fit. The consequences of the focus on my faith is that I have found myself torn between living as a faithful Christian and serving as a political leader.
A better, wiser person than me may have been able to deal with this more successfully, to have remained faithful to Christ while leading a political party in the current environment.
To be a political leader – especially of a progressive, liberal party in 2017 – and to live as a committed Christian, to hold faithfully to the Bible's teaching, has felt impossible for me.
I'm a liberal to my fingertips, and that liberalism means that I am passionate about defending the rights and liberties of people who believe different things to me.
There are Christians in politics who take the view that they should impose the tenets of faith on society, but I have not taken that approach because I disagree with it – it's not liberal and it is counterproductive when it comes to advancing the gospel.
Even so, I seem to be the subject of suspicion because of what I believe and who my faith is in.
In which case we are kidding ourselves if we think we yet live in a tolerant, liberal society.
That's why I have chosen to step down as leader of the Liberal Democrats.
I intend to serve until the parliamentary recess begins next month, at which point there will be a leadership election according to the party's rules.
This is a historic time in British politics. What happens in the next months and years will shape our country for generations.
My successor will inherit a party that is needed now more than ever before. Our future as an open, tolerant and united country is at stake.
The cause of British liberalism has never been needed more. People who will fight for a Britain that is confident, generous and compassionate are needed more than ever before.
That is the challenge our party and my successor faces and the opportunity I am certain that they will rise to.
I want to say one more thing: I joined our party when I was 16, it is in my blood, I love our history, our people, I thoroughly love my party.
Imagine how proud I am to lead this party. And then imagine what would lead me to voluntarily relinquish that honour.
In the words of Isaac Watts it would have to be something "so amazing, so divine, (it) demands my heart, my life, my all".
An Annual program in Findlay helps get school supplies to kids who might not otherwise be able to
Arpan Dixit
Herald Staff
sports@harrodsburgherald.com
Despite losing their last two matches against Nelson County and Bardstown, the Mercer County Lady Titans soccer team (3-7-1) earned a big district win at East Jessamine (6-9) win prior to those two games, defeating the Lady Jaguars 2-1.
Head Coach Josh Culver was pleased with their team's effort, despite having a key player out due to injury.
“This was a hard fought match because we had to make adjustments after not having first-year student Bella Garrett playing due to a foot injury,” they said. “The girls stepped up taking on different roles than normal.”
Junior Aubrey Jones scored a golden goal in overtime to give the Lady Titans their fourth win of the year, and a very important district win heading into the latter part of the season.
“The effort and intensity was there from everyone,” said Culver. “That's the third game out of the last four we have come back from being down to win. We always seem to find ourselves being a goal down and then having to fight to come back so we're working on that going forward.”
Jones also had another goal earlier in the game. Jones' goals were assisted by senior Alyssa Howard and first-year student Hailey Lawson.
Unfortunately after playing East, the Lady Titans suffered two close defeats to Nelson County and Bardstown. Both of those losses were by one goal, so the Lady Titans are just a few possessions and shots away from having a couple more wins.
“We have a lot of resiliency. We need to keep that up,” said Culver. The Lady Titans have just two games left on the season against East and South Laurel before district play begins.
The Lady Titans will host East Jessamine again Wednesday, Oct. 4, 7:30 p.m., at the Mercer soccer complex for the final home game and senior night.
To learn more, check out this week's issue of The Harrodsburg Herald.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – Hopefully you're enjoying one more day of vacation from work today, but if you have to go back tomorrow, how about making sure you start the new year on the right foot!
Obviously, a good employee is on-time and on task.
But the best employees know what to never say to their bosses!
Today's “Lauren's List” has a few phrases to avoid at work, courtesy of Business Insider.
“I'm bored”
You're not getting paid to be bored! You're getting paid to be productive, or at least act like you're being productive. Telling your boss you're bored is like announcing you're being paid to do nothing! While it's perfectly normal to have downtime at work, you certainly don't need to broadcast that to your employer. At least have the sense to “look busy”.
“At my last job”
If your last job was so great, why did you leave? Of course, maybe your last company really did have a better way of getting certain things accomplished. If that's the case, you're better off phrasing sensitive or challenging responses by turning them into questions versus being confrontational. Make the suggestion without referencing your previous place of employment.
“That's not my job”
No job description is ever set in stone. Be flexible– within reason. The more skills you acquire and show you can do well, the more indispensable you become. Who doesn't love that kind of job security? Saying that you're not willing to go beyond your role shows that you are also not willing to pitch in for the success of the company.
“I assumed that”
I'll spare you the play on words that you often hear when using the word assume. But bosses don't want to hear your assumptions. If an assumption on your part caused a mistake, just own up to it, learn from it, and stop making excuses.
What words or phrases do you avoid when talking to your boss?
Tell me on Facebook ( www.facebook.com/laurenpastrananews) or Twitter (@LaurenPastrana).
Send ideas for future Lauren's Lists to lpastrana@cbs.com.
Guyana Goldfields imports 17 fuel tankers – drops more local contractors
On November 18, 2011, Aurora Gold Mine Incorporated (AGM Inc.) signed a mineral agreement with the Government of Guyana outlining very clearly what is expected by this country and the gold mining investor.
According to the section dealing with the “Conduct of Project Operations”, the company agreed that it shall, to the extent “feasible and acceptable to the company in view of the rates and conditions available and in accordance with good mining practices then in use in the international mining industry, maximize the use of vessels chartered in Guyana and other means of transport available in Guyana”.
The agreement went further, outlining what the Canadian-owned investor should do.
“If necessary, the company shall make joint arrangements with Guyanese firms for the transportation of its material needs.”
The issue would be pertinent amid the ongoing debate over local content and what Guyana is getting in return for the billions of dollars it gives up annually in duty-free concessions and tax holidays to investors.
While concessions and tax holidays are normal for attracting investors, the debate is centering on how much Guyana should give up.
In the case of the Aurora Gold Mine in Cuyuni, Region Seven, which is operated by AGM Inc., the company reached commercial production in January 2016, becoming the largest gold operations in the country.
The company contracted a number of local companies to transport fuel, food supplies, chemicals and a host of other things. A number of the companies invested heavily in equipment, with a few taking loans.
About a year ago, as it started improving its cash situation, the company brought in its own fuel trucks, reportedly more than 15 of them.
Today, a number of the local companies are reporting a significant loss of work, with the majority of their equipment now parked.
It would not be dissimilar to the stance that the company has taken by bringing in its own plane.
Prior to commercial operations, the company had been contracting out significant business to the local aviation operators. It now has a Twin-Otter which is conducting several daily flights. It contracted the plane from a firm in Canada.
Yesterday, with several companies bidding, the Canadian-owned entity also announced that it has contracted a Peruvian company, Stracon, to help move the mountains of materials for the underground mining operation it is getting into by the end of this year.
According to the 2011 mineral agreement, the company agreed that it shall conduct operations in a skillful and responsible manner in accordance with good mining practices, using standards applicable in the international gold mining industry.
This is what it agreed to under the section “Conduct of Project Operations”- “In Guyana, the company shall use all reasonable efforts to give preference, to maximum extent compatible with efficient operations and good mining practices using standards applicable in the international mining industry, to products and services produced and offered in Guyana, provided these are offered at competitive terms and conditions.”
The company also agreed that within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of operations, it shall submit a report to the Government setting forth the relative percentages of foreign-sourced and Guyanese-sourced goods and services used by the company; measures taken to enhance the role of Guyanese-sourced goods and services in the project and measures to be implemented so as to improve such performance.
The report will have to show the performance of the company in connection with its contribution to the economic development of Guyana over the years.
“The company shall constantly use all reasonable efforts to improve such performance,” the mineral agreement said.
In recent years, with little attention paid to agreements with investors, there have been criticisms about the adherence.
Intro
Spain vs Albania
1st Half
If video player not appears in mobile devices. Scroll down to bottom and click "Classic version"
TAMPA, Fla. (AP) — Police in Florida are investigating an incident at a nightclub where a photographer said they were “sucker punched” by singer Chris Brown.
Tampa police spokesperson Stephen Hegarty says 28-year-old Bennie Vines Jr. was hired by Aja Channelside to take photos during an event hosted by Brown.
Vines told officers that while they were snapping photos early Monday, Brown punched him. Brown was gone by the time officers arrived. Vines refused medical treatment and told officers they want to prosecute because of a minor lip cut.
The club confirmed the incident on its Facebook page Monday and apologized to patrons.
Brown, singer of the hits “Run It!” and “Deuces,” completed probation in a 2009 felony assault case for an attack on singer Rihanna, their then-girlfriend.
An email to the representative listed on Brown's website was not immediately returned.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
From Dean Reynolds
SYRACUSE, N.Y. (February 15, 2017) – Since 2009, the State University of New York at Canton has been an important backer of the Lucas Oil Empire Super Sprints (ESS). For the ninth consecutive season, the SUNY Canton Series will be held with special points awarded at specific ESS events with a champion of the series announced at the annual awards banquet.
Events on the 2017 calendar that are held at Utica-Rome, Fulton, Can-Am, Mohawk Int'l, Brewerton and Airborne Park Speedways will carry separate points along with points for the overall Lucas Oil ESS title. The driver that totals the most markers will be crowned SUNY Canton Series Champion.
In 2009, the inaugural SUNY Canton champion was Lance Yonge with Steve Poirier claiming the title last season. Poirier has claimed all other SUNY Canton titles with the exception of 2012 when Yonge and Chuck Hebing tied.
SUNY Canton makes education a hands-on engaging experience to prepare its scholars for careers. The College was originally chartered in 1906 as the first postsecondary, two-year college in New York. In 1987, the State University of New York's Board of Trustees authorized the college's present designation as State University of New York College of Technology at Canton, more commonly known as SUNY Canton.
The College's faculty members are noted for their professional real-world experience in addition to their academic credentials. Students learn from engineers; crime scene investigators and former police officers; nurses and doctors; lawyers and entrepreneurs; programmers; in addition to novelists, photographers and videographers. The student to faculty ratio is 17 to 1.
ESS competitor Kelly Hebing is a SUNY Canton Alum and also has had the SUNY Canton logo on the side of their sprint car. Kelly will be running many ESS events in 2017. For more information please log on to http://www.canton.edu/
Get Black Country updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The £10 penalty fares for failing to buy a ticket on the Midlands Metro could be set for a sharp rise to £70 following a meeting of transport bosses.
The current fine of just £10 is so low that a fare dodger only has to get away with it three times before being caught to make the penalty pay.
Now the West Midlands Combined Authority is asking Government for the go ahead to introduce a new two-tier penalty fare of £70, or half-price of £35 if paid within 21 days.
It has now launched consultation with passengers and stakeholders and, after a formal application to the Department for Transport, hopes to get the go ahead to introduce the new fines by the end of 2018.
A report to the authority explained that the £10 fine was set during the early 1990s when the Metro was being planned.
Authority transport chief Roger Lawrence said: “When you consider a single ticket between Wolverhampton and Birmingham costs £4.10 the current £10 penalty offers no deterrent at all.
“It was introduced 20 years ago and is no longer proportionate to today's prices.
“It is only fair that a more realistic figure is in place to protect those people who do pay their way by buying tickets or Swift cards.”
Along with Sheffield and Edinburgh, the Midlands Metro penalty fares are currently the cheapest in the UK at £10. The most expensive is the £100 charged on Manchester's Metrolink.
The authority has also asked for permission to increase the fare above £70 in future.
The line now runs between Birmingham Grand Central and St George's in Wolverhampton city centre - 7.89 million passengers took the tram between June 2016 and May 2017, an all-time high for the Metro.
Cllr Lawrence said: “The Midland Metro will play a huge role in the economic growth of this region over the next few years – we will be seeing new lines built in the Black Country and Birmingham, moving millions of people to key locations such as the HS2 station and the airport.
“As part of that it is important an appropriate penalty fare is in place to act as a deterrent for people who think it is acceptable to travel on the system without paying their way.”
Meanwhile the authority has also signed off a £50 million investment in the Wolverhampton Interchange project to create a new rail station connected directly to the extended Midland Metro.
The development includes a new multi-storey car park and major office, retail and leisure complex, creating 1,300 jobs and levering £80 million of private investment.
TROPIX Photography is back in business and has the tools to help the Whitsunday community restore precious memories under threat from Cyclone Debbie.
The shop re-opened last week and while it will take time for everything to return to normal, the friendly team have already begun hitting the ground running.
Tropix Photography owner Debbie Savy said everyone had taken a hit from the cyclone and that they were prepared to help in the way they knew best.
"There are a lot of people with albums and photos damaged and we are doing restoration work for people to stop them from going mouldy so they don't lose those memories,” they said.
"We are also here doing passport and ID photos. We have got lots of GoPro and underwater stock so people can make the most of this gorgeous weather.”
While Tropix Photography is still in the recovery stage, the school holidays are expected to put the shop well and truly back on its feet.
"Our cabinetmakers told us we will have our cabinets in place by the school holidays so we are hoping that everything will be normal by then but at this stage we still have half of our equipment in storage until we get the cabinets back out,” Ms Savy said.
Ms Savy said while a number of surrounding shops on the Port of Airlie side of Main St were still closed, it was important for people to know there were still many businesses that needed the community's support.
"We just want to remind people to let their friends know that there are a lot of businesses open and while it isn't business as usual we are open,” they said.
"It's nice to have our staff back at work and we would love to see more visitors come to the area.”
The sex scandals that plagued these political careers Sex scandals are common, especially in politics. In the wake of President Trump's alleged affair with porn star Stormy Daniels, here's a look at the most shocking sex scandals and...
Schwarzenegger spends Christmas with Stallone Sly gushed that Schwarzenegger "always fills the room with positive energy!"
Muscle & Fitness VP dies after brief cancer battle Shawn Perine, a health and weight-lifting enthusiast since their teens — who rose up to become the VP and editorial director of Muscle & Fitness — died on Dec. 11...
Members of a Skegby boxing club are “extremely grateful” after receiving a knockout £1,000 donation.
Empire Boxing Club received the donation from Persimmon Homes Nottingham, as part of the builder's Community Champions scheme.
The money will be used to replace and repair old equipment at the club, which reaches out to people from all backgrounds.
Since launching in 2011, the boxing club has grown in popularity and now attracts dozens of young people to the centre each week.
As well as helping young people in the probation service, the non-profit organisation also turns its hand to helping individuals with learning disabilities.
Francine Wheldon, from the club, said: “Our classes aim to empower the individuals that attend our classes with discipline and respect, as well as providing health and nutritional advice.
“We rely on fundraising in order to buy boxing equipment, maintain and replace worn and damaged equipment as well as ensuring we have a stock of gloves and ropes for the individuals from less privileged backgrounds.
“We have a large number of people through the door each week so we're extremely grateful for the donation gifted to us by Persimmon Homes Nottingham.”
The group applied for funding via the Persimmon Community Champions initiative. It is a national programme where charities and groups can apply for funding up to the value of £1,000 to match money they have already raised themselves.
Neil Follows, managing director for Persimmon Homes Nottingham, said: “The boxing club has become an integral part of the community so we're proud to be helping the club in any way we can.
“We like to support young people in the areas in which we build and we feel that Empire Boxing have the qualities to make a true community.”
Persimmon Homes Nottingham, which is based in Mansfield, officially launched in January.
It is building at sites throughout Nottinghamshire as well as locations in Ilkeston, Lincoln, Newark and Sherwood, and Sleaford in Lincolnshire.
For more information, visit www.persimmonhomes.com/charity.
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
0:31 On election night, Heidi Harmon shared their goals for SLO
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
Duterte inspects firearms together with Armed Forces of the Philippines Chief of Staff Eduardo Ano during their visit at the military camp in Marawi city, on July 20, 2017. Source: Malacanang Presidential Palace via Reuters
17 Social Buzz
SECURITY and illegal drugs problem are hampering the southern Philippine island of Mindanao from leading the country to achieve food security, President Rodrigo Duterte said.
Speaking yesterday at the opening ceremony of the 2017 AgriLink, FoodLink, and AquaLink Exhibitions 2017 at the World Trade Center in Metro Manila, the firebrand leader from Mindanao vowed to continue cracking the whip on terrorists and drug syndicates to realise Mindanao's potential as the country's “Land of Promise.”
Fertile lands, great climate and rich aquatic resources are Mindanao's key attributes that would lead the Philippines towards food security, Duterte said.
“The greatest promise of food security would really be Mindanao. (We are seldom hit) by typhoons there,” said Duterte, a long-time mayor of Davao City, one of the key urban centres in Mindanao, before they became the president in 2016.
However, Duterte stressed the need to address the region's decades-old problems on security, particularly terrorism, to fully develop the area's agriculture potential.
SEE ALSO: Philippines: US extends aid for Marawi recovery, deploys another plane to Mindanao
Various iterations of the Moro rebellion have wreaked havoc on the island with their protracted war waged against the government that claimed over 100,000 lives since the 1970s. Fighting for Muslim self-determination in Mindanao, the two key Muslim groups – the Moro National Liberation Front (MNLF) and the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF) – have separately forged peace agreements with the government in 1996 and 2016, respectively. The MILF is a splinter of the MNLF.
The Abu Sayyaf Group has also long been a thorn in the government's effort to develop Mindanao as a prosperous island. From a separatist group, the Abu Sayyaf has morphed into a criminal group engaged in kidnap-for-ransom to fund its operation. It has abducted and beheaded local and foreign nationals who allegedly failed to pay ransom money.
Mindanao in the past several decades has also seen the growth of the New People's Army, the armed wing of the Communist Party of the Philippines. The communist rebels thrived in areas in Mindanao with mining and agribusiness operations.
Just lately, Islamic State-inspired groups have reared their ugly heads in Mindanao, paramount being the Maute Group that laid siege on Marawi on May 23 that prompted Duterte to put the entire Mindanao island under martial law.
SEE ALSO: Women and children fighting alongside Islamic State militants in Marawi
Hundreds of thousands of civilians have been displaced by the war in Marawi that continues to rage four months after the first gunfight between government forces and the Maute Group erupted.
The Maute Group resisted the military's effort to arrest Abu Sayyaf leader Isnilon Hapilon, the designated Islamic State emir in Southeast Asia, which triggered the conflict.
At least 150 state forces have been killed in the clashes in Marawi and over 700 on the side of the terrorist gunmen, government data showed.
Duterte vowed to rehabilitate Marawi, a good part of which is now in shambles owing to the exchange of gunfire and the aerial bombings and artillery strikes launched by the military.
Marawi – the Philippines' only Islamic city – hosts Lake Lanao, the biggest lake in Mindanao and the second largest lake in the country
“Lake Lanao, if properly developed and utilised, would feed the nation,” Duterte said.
“We have serious security problems (in Mindanao). And for as long as there is trouble, we cannot initiate programmes that would guarantee a good production for the year. There [are] so much terrorism and a lot of extortion going around.”
The Chief Executive also lamented that Mindanao has become a “hotbed of shabu” (methamphetamine) in the country, with some local politicians and terrorists getting involved in the illegal drug business.
They stressed illegal drugs fueled the ongoing rebellion in Marawi City.
Duterte assured the people that the government's war against the Maute terrorists “is nearing its end”, with the military claiming the main battle zone has been reduced to an area “the size of two football fields.”
“Marawi is winding up. I hope that in the fullness of God's time, Allah's time, we'd be able to really talk peace. I'm willing to pour everything there. I promised them rehabilitation. They should not support the terrorists there,” they said.
Duterte warned criminals, terrorists, and drug personalities anew not to threaten the future of young Filipinos, otherwise they would exhaust all efforts to go after them.
“Do not do that to my country. I will never allow people to destroy my country, period,” they said.
I am building my country. Do not make it hard for us.”
Mindanao produces 40 percent of the country's food requirements and contributes more than 30 percent to the national food trade, the Food and Agriculture Organisation said.
During the annual Mindanao Business Conference last month, Department of Agriculture Undersecretary Bernadette Romulo-Puyat assured the agency is continuously formulating programmes to develop the island's agriculture and fisheries industry.
“We have undertaken efforts to enrich the agriculture sector by extending production support, product development and marketing initiatives,” they said.
Duterte guaranteed that the government would spearhead more programmes that would promote the welfare of the country's agricultural workers not just in Mindanao but the rest of the country.
SEE ALSO: Abducted Philippines ex-soldier beheaded by Abu Sayyaf
To increase yield in agriculture, the president said the government is providing climate resilient seed varieties and introducing better production and post-harvest technologies.
Duterte stressed that better programmes should be enforced so the country would not depend so much on neighbouring nations for food sources.
A net rice exporter more than two decades ago, the Philippines has been importing the commodity from neighbouring Asian countries to feed its rice-eating population owing to dwindling production.
Most large companies falling behind in IT transformation goals
Only 5% of large companies prepared to meet IT requirements of new digital business
Digital transformation is becoming the driving force to make IT Transformation a top priority but for a majority of large companies, this is becoming a significant challenge.
According to a study conducted by the Enterprise Strategy Group, 95% of surveyed organizations are at risk of falling behind their industry peers in transforming their IT infrastructures, processes and delivery methods to become digital businesses.
The ESG 2017 IT Transformation Maturity Curve study commissioned by Dell EMC revealed that while there is a clear imperative for companies to transform their legacy IT, a majority of senior IT leaders and decision-making managers have yet to fully embrace the aspects of IT Transformation needed to remain competitive.
Noted Adam DeMattia, Director of Research, Enterprise Strategy Group, “Legacy IT is largely unprepared to meet the requirements of the new digital business: application cycle times measured in months, if not years; siloed infrastructure; performance bottlenecks; rigid architectures; and traditional provisioning processes.” They add that organizations must resolve this conflict between digital transformation goals and today's IT reality if their businesses are to meet their ultimate objectives.
The ESG 2017 IT Transformation Maturity Curve study surveyed 1000 large companies using a research-based, data-driven maturity model to identify different stages of IT Transformation progress: Legacy (12%), Emerging (42%), Evolving (41%) and Transformed (5%). Companies were assigned different stages based on their responses to questions about their on-premise IT infrastructure, processes and organizational alignment.
The majority of respondents (71%) agree that IT Transformation is essential to ongoing business competitiveness. Of the “Transformed” companies, 85% believe their organizations are in a "very strong" or "strong" position to compete and succeed in their market over the next few years contrasted with 43% of the least mature companies.
The “Transformed” organizations report the most progress in leveraging IT resources to speed product innovation and time to market; automating manual processes and tasks; and running IT as a profit center rather than a cost center. IT Transformation is often correlated with a more cooperative and effective relationship between IT and the business, which was validated by the research.
1
On Being A Mother
The actor told the daily, "So you see, the day is fully packed. And mine is a 27-hour long day. My kids are very noisy, making me run around the house [all the time] and not letting me work. But, I've never known patience the way I have it today. I'm surprised and amazed. We've become kids with our kids."
Kashmira Loves Baby Talking
"We (actor Krushna Abhishek and she) used to find other parents irritating when they would do the baby talk or show their baby's pictures to everyone around them all the time. I'm one of those irritating parents now."
They Balance Work & Motherhood
"In fact, if anything, I want to work harder because I want my kids to know that their mum is a director, a fighter, a survivor! They should know that I have made a name in this industry with no backing. I want them to be proud of me and everything that I've done, so I am striving each day to do good roles and make better films."
Breaking The Stereotype
"Everywhere in TV and films, actors who become mothers, are treated differently. Suddenly, people will be like, ‘Oh, she's a mom, so they can't play a sex symbol role."
Kashmira Is Proud Of These Actresses
"But I feel that actors like Kareena Kapoor Khan and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan have changed this notion. [The late] Sridevi changed it years ago. So, I think slowly, the women of this industry are changing the norms and I'm proud to be one of them."
Pokémon Quest has a rather unique way of befriending more Pokémon for the player. Instead of catching them in PokeBalls, you have to make a stew and attract the Pokémon to your base camp where they'll then join your party. Depending on what ingredients you use, you'll cook different recipes and attract different kinds of Pokémon.
At first, it can be pretty confusing to cook recipes since you don't really know what each ingredient does. But mastering the art of the kitchen is vital for getting the Pokémon you need to progress through the game. You even have a chance to collect shiny Pokémon by cooking, according to RPG Site.
Thanks to help from the Pokémon subreddit, we're able to figure things out. Here's everything you need to know about Pokémon Quest recipes including how to cook them and what they do.
Keep in mind that there is still a lot to figure out when it comes to cooking. We will continue to update the article as we figure out more information.
How to Cook in Pokémon Quest
First let's go over the basics. You place ingredients in each of the five slots of a pot. Then after completing a number of expeditions in the game, the food finishes cooking and a Pokémon will arrive at your base.
The key to cooking is to know what each ingredient does. Each ingredient has a number of attributes and each recipe requires the pot to be filled with a certain kind and amount of attributes. You can find a list of ingredients and their attributes below, as compiled by the Pokémon subreddit:
Tiny mushrooms: red, soft, and small Big roots: big, red, soft, precious, and vegetables Bluk Berries: blue, soft, small, and sweet Icy rocks: blue, hard, precious, and minerals Apricorns: yellow, hard, small, and vegetables Honey: yellow, soft, precious, and sweet Fossils: grey, hard, small, and minerals Balm mushrooms: gray, soft, precious, and mushrooms
As user Klubbah found, the amount of each attribute necessary to craft the recipe is found in the recipe itself. So if a recipe requires a whole lot of soft ingredients, you need at least four soft ingredients.
All = 5
A whole lot = 4
A lot = 3
A few = 2
A little = 1
Reddit user Dragonite4 theorizes that the smaller ingredients on the top row have a +1 quantifier and the larger ingredients on the bottom row have a +2 quantifiers. So Honey can count as two yellow, soft, precious, and sweet ingredients while Apricorns count as one yellow, hard, small, and vegetable ingredients.
Dragonite4 cooked a Mouth Watering Dip with two Big Roots and 3 Bulk Berries. The Mouth Watering Dip requires four soft ingredients and three blue ingredients. The two Big Roots add four soft attributes and the three Bulk Berries add three blue attributes, creating the Mouth Watering Dip.
However you need to be careful of overlapping certain quantifiers. Dragonite4 tried to make a Veggie Smoothie with four Apricorns and one Honey to get four plant ingredients and two sweet ingredients but because all of the ingredients were yellow they got a Yellow Curry instead.
It's also theorized that the more precious ingredients included in a stew, the more expeditions you need to go on to cook it.
You also have to pay attention to what kind of pot you're using. The bronze pot uses 10 ingredients per slot instead of three for the standard pot but yields higher level Pokémon, as user PheonixFontaine reported.
Pokémon Quest Recipes List
Now that cooking has been explained, we can get into what you need to cook all of the recipes. Below is a list of all 18 recipes, what ingredients you need for each recipe, and what Pokémon you'll attract with it:
Mulligan Stew a la Cube: Use any ingredients – lures some Pokémon Red Stew a la Cube: Use only red ingredients – lures reddish Pokémon (Charmander, Grouthwile, Vulpix, Diglett, etc.) Blue Soda a la Cube: Use only blue ingredients – lures blueish Pokémon (Pidgey, etc.) Yellow Curry a la Cube: Use only yellow ingredients – lures yellowish Pokémon (Pikachu, etc.) Gray Porridge a la Cube: Use only gray ingredients – lures grayish Pokémon (Geodude, etc.) Mouth-Watering Dip a la Cube: “A whole lot of soft things and a lot of blue” – 4 soft ingredients and 3 blue ingredients (e.g. 2 Big Root & 3 Bulk) – lures Water Pokémon Plain Crepe a la Cube: “A lot of sweet things and a few gray” – 3 sweet ingredients and 2 gray ingredients (e.g. 3 Bulk & 2 Fossils) – lures Normal Pokémon Mud Pie a la Cube: “A few minerals and a lot of soft things” – 2 mineral ingredients and 3 soft ingredients (e.g. 1 Honey, 2 Icy Rock, 1 Tiny Mushroom, 1 Bulk Berry) – lures Ground Pokémon Stone Soup a la Cube: “A whole lot of hard things and a few minerals” – 4 hard ingredients and 2 mineral ingredients (e.g. 2 Fossils and 3 Apricorns (untested)) – lures Rock Pokémon (Geodude, etc.) Hot Pot a la Cube: “A lot of mushrooms and a little red” – 3 mushrooms and 1 red (e.g. 2 Balm, 1 Tiny, 2 Bulk (untested)) – lures Fire Pokémon (Charmander, Grouthwile, Vulpix, etc.) Sludge Soup a la Cube: “A whole lot of mushrooms and a lot of soft things” – 4 mushrooms and 3 soft – lures Poison Pokémon Veggie Smoothie a la Cube: “A whole lot of plants and a few soft things” 4 plants and 2 soft – attracts Grass Pokémon Brain Food a la Cube: “A lot of sweet things and a few hard things” 3 sweet and 2 hard – attracts Psychic Pokémon Watt a Risotta a la Cube: “A whole lot of soft things and a lot of yellow” – 4 soft and 3 yellow – lures Electric Pokémon Get Swole Syrup a la Cube: “A lot of sweet things and a few mushrooms” – 3 sweet and 2 mushrooms (e.g. 2 Bulk Berries, 1 Honey, 2 Tiny Mushrooms) – lures fighting Pokémon Honey Nectar a la Cube: “A whole lot of sweet things and a lot of yellow” – 4 sweet and 3 yellow (e.g. 3 Honey & 2 Bulk Berries) – lures Bug Pokémon Light-as-Air Casserole a la Cube: “A lot of minerals and a few plants.” – 3 minerals and 2 plants – lures Flying Pokémon Ambrosia of Legends a la Cube: “A whole lot of mystical things.” (Presumably four rainbow ingredients) – lures extremely rare Pokémon
Have any additional recipes you'd like to share? Let us know in the comment section below.
See also:
Prithviraj, the young talent of Mollywood is all set to make their directorial debut, with the upcoming Mohanlal starrer Lucifer. In a recent interview given to a popular YouTube channel, Prithviraj opened up about Lucifer.
The actor revealed that they are not much tensed about their directorial debut, to the much surprise of their fans and audiences. According to Prithviraj, Lucifer would be pretty much an actor's film, which will give importance to the performances.
Interestingly, Prithviraj is not sure how prepared they are, for their directorial debut. The actor feels that they will get to know such things, once they start working for the project. However, Prithviraj clarified that Lucifer is not all about technical excellence.
The actor ensured that it will be an intense film, like all most of the films of the scriptwriter Murali Gopy. Prithviraj also revealed that they would like to have some great performances in the film, and confirmed that they have no plans to act in it.
Lucifer, which marks the first collaboration of Mohanlal with writer Murali Gopy, is expected to go on floors by the beginning of 2018. The movie, which is produced by Antony Perumbavoor for Aashirvad Cinemas, has been slated to release for Onam 2018.
Radwanska saves 3 match points to survive at Shenzhen Open
hello
SHENZHEN, China -- Top-seeded Agnieszka Radwanska saved three match points before edging Duan Ying-ying of China 6-2, 6-7 (4), 7-5 in the first round of the Shenzhen Open on Monday.
Radwanska, the defending champion, cruised through the first set without facing a break point, but struggled in the final two sets, dropping serve five times to the 103rd-ranked wild card entry.
The Pole relied on their strong defense to close out the match in just under 2 1/2 hours, chasing down a well-placed drop shot and hitting a forehand crosscourt winner to set up match point.
In other matches, second-seeded Simona Halep, the 2015 champion, defeated Jelena Jankovic 6-1, 3-6, 6-3; third-seeded Johanna Konta routed Cagla Buyukakcay 6-2, 6-0; and Serbian qualifier Nina Stojanovic took out fifth-seeded Timea Babos 1-6, 7-5, 6-2.
The doughnut market is pretty oversaturated these days. And to stand out — you need crazy toppings and syringes sticking in them. Yeah, we said syringes! A spot in Hollywood has doughnuts that you've gotta see and taste to believe.
Donut Worry Eat Happy is a concept that'd make the great Homer Simpson go bonkers!
Allison Wilman: “Donut Worry Eat Happy is a doughnut shop where you can fill your own doughnut and you can interact with your doughnut, making it the flavor of your choice.”
The doughnuts are turning heads at the Yellow Green Farmers Market in Hollywood, where Donut Worry Eat Happy sets up shop on weekends.
Allison Wilman: “Every time people see the doughnuts, they go crazy with it. They're like, ‘Oh my God!'”
She's exactly right.
Christina Rega, customer: “I was just like, ‘Oh my gosh, are those edible?' They look too good and too perfect to be real doughnuts.”
Now, about those syringes…
Allison Wilman: “It was a great way to have the filling in a very clean manner inside the doughnut.”
Though, there's really nothing clean about eating these delectable doughnuts.
Not that anyone's complaining…
Christina Rega: “Messy's fun. It's OK. Messy's great!”
Allison Wilman: “And if they get all messy, I give a lot of napkins!”
White chocolate, caramel and Nutella are among the options to fill the syringes with, but feel free to drizzle it all over if you prefer.
The eye-popping toppings range from Ferrero Rocher to cinnamon rolls.
Come to mama.
Luisa Rodrigues, customer: “I got the white chocolate cookies and cream doughnut. I love it. I love the syringe. It's a great idea, super unique.”
Ali Fawaz, customer: “I got white chocolate with some Fruity Pebbles and some Nutella filling. It's probably one of the best doughnuts I've ever had in my life.”
That's the point!
Allison Wilman: “I want the customers to think of Donut Worry Eat Happy as the best doughnut they ever had in their life.”
FOR MORE INFO:
Donut Worry Eat Happy at Yellow Green Farmers Market
1940 N 30th Rd.
Hollywood, FL 33021
(954) 673-8646
IG: https://www.instagram.com/donutworryeathappy/?hl=en
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Football notifications, social media and more
Get the latest scores and headlines sent straight to your phone, sign-up to our newsletter and learn where to find us on online.
Central DuPage Hospital arts program gives kids creativity, choice
hello
A ukulele lesson is not what Cecily Morquecho had in mind when their daughter was transferred to Northwestern Medicine's Central DuPage Hospital battling pneumonia.
They expected the doctors and tests, they expected the IV and oxygen mask. But a noise-making session on a small stringed instrument was a welcome surprise as 7-year-old Madison Ratz battled boredom and the occasional cough.
"We were excited to have some entertainment," Morquecho said.
The surprise came on Madison's third day in the hospital, when in walked Kevin Smith, a teaching artist in a blue plastic hospital gown, gloves and mask, carrying a couple of instruments in cases and a box full of mini percussion pieces.
Smith is one of 12 teaching artists employed by Snow City Arts, which launched its arts education program at Central DuPage early this year. The Winfield hospital is the first in the suburbs to offer bedside workshops from the group, which engages patients in creative explorations of music, visual arts or writing.
"We offer one-to-one arts education at the bedside of patients," said Julia deBettencourt, program director for Snow City, which has served more than 19,000 patients since it was founded in 1998.
The program was established in Chicago at Rush University Medical Center and had spread to three other city hospitals -- John H. Stroger Jr. Hospital of Cook County, the University of Illinois at Chicago Medical Center and Lurie Children's Hospital -- before finding a suburban home in Winfield.
Child Life Coordinator Dora Castro-Ahillen helped make the connection possible through Central DuPage's partnership with Lurie Children's, and they say she's already seen value for the 70 suburban patients who have engaged with the artists during 200 individual workshops.
While working with the artists, Castro-Ahillen says kids gain an identity in the hospital that transcends their disease. They become not just the child with leukemia or the kid with cancer, but the girl who loves guitar or the boy who writes great poetry. Art also helps release pent-up emotions and gives a break from tests and treatments.
"Immediately you see the value of decreasing that anxiety in the kids," Castro-Ahillen said.
Snow City Arts benchmarks its workshops to state and federal learning standards in the artistic subjects it teaches, so children who are hospitalized for a long time can recover school credit.
DeBettencourt says each teaching artist learns the relevant standards -- such as the Common Core or the Next Generation science standards -- and creates courses to teach to the requirements.
Teaching artists also spend about an hour of each day documenting the education they provided, noting what skills they imparted and which topics they covered. That documentation gets forwarded to a school official of the patient's choice with a request to count in-hospital workshops toward classroom requirements.
It was spring break for Chicago Public Schools when Madison Ratz awoke one night at their grandmother's house in Aurora, unable to breathe.
With school out of session, Morquecho wasn't concerned about their daughter falling behind while oxygen and nebulizer treatments helped clear Madison's lungs.
"She was getting a little bored with the coloring and the dolls," Morquecho said. "Then they (Smith) popped in and asked did they want to play music."
Madison's answer was a delighted yes. But deBettencourt says the question itself is an important element of what Snow City Arts does -- and doesn't do.
In a hospital, kids lose autonomy. They must rest, stay still, take their medications and comply with doctor's orders.
But participating in an arts workshop isn't a must. It's a choice.
"We are distinctively nonmedical. We are some of the few people in the hospital someone can say 'no' to," deBettencourt said. "We want to bring back as much creative choice as possible, starting with the choice of whether they want to work with us."
So when Madison said yes, they got straight to the music, despite a brace over their right elbow protecting the place where their IV was inserted.
"You've got that thing on your arm, but we're going to make it work," Smith told a smiling Madison as they handed them a freshly sanitized ukulele from a cart they wheel around the pediatric floor.
Madison got a dead tone on their first few efforts at strumming the strings, and they plopped back onto their hospital pillow in frustration. But they quickly tried again.
"If you press really hard, will it make it louder?" they asked Smith, their own voice quiet and airy as an oxygen machine helped them breathe.
"No," they tell them "But it will make it clearer."
They pressed harder and got a stronger sound, plus a compliment from their instructor.
"You'll probably have even more fun when you can actually move your arm," Smith said as they packed up their cart of musical tricks.
In the outpatient pediatric unit, 7-year-old Jared Amend of Naperville got their own ukulele lesson, too. It turned out to be perfect timing because they had just constructed a cardboard-and-rubber-band guitar for a science project.
The learning continued as Smith showed Jared the ukulele, taught them its main parts -- the head, neck and body -- and helped the boy with their strumming technique.
"You're learning about vibrations," Smith told their eager student. "At different spots you can get different sounds."
Jared's mom, Lynn Amend, says their son visits Central DuPage about once a month for a three-hour session of IV medication to treat colitis, which they have had for a year and a half. Amend said the arts education program is a great way to continue exposing them and other patients to musical, visual and linguistic arts.
DeBettencourt said Snow City Arts is always looking to expand its ability to bring a creative break and an educational catch-up to hospitalized kids. The program serves about 1,000 patients a year, which is soon to grow to 1,200 with the addition of youngsters in the hospital at Central DuPage.
As the suburban program gets established, the hospital is seeking funding to build an Idea Lab on the pediatric floor. There, kids can detach from the confines of their hospital rooms and focus on having fun with instruments, paints and art books, all under the direction of teaching artists.
The space is imagined as a medical-free zone where young patients healthy enough to leave their rooms for a little while can escape to a world of color and sound.
"I love to see them be creative," Smith said, "and take their mind off why they're here."
A Texas mother has been arrested for allegedly selling their young children.
Esmeralda Garza, 29, was arrested by Texas Department of Public Safety (DPS) officials on Friday after they allegedly sold their 7-year-old boy to two men, KRIS-TV reported. Garza was also in the process of selling two other children – a 2-year-old girl and a 3-year-old girl – as well, officials said.
The arrest occurred after DPS officers executed a drug search warrant, according to KIII-TV.
Garza, of Corpus Christi, was charged with the sale or purchase of a child, which is a third-degree felony.  They are being held on a $100,000 bond at the Nueces County Jail, KRIS reported.
An additional male and female were also arrested in the raid, although it is unclear if they were involved in the alleged drug activity or the sale of children.
Police expect to file additional charges, KRIS reported.
Fitness guru under fire for saying cancer is your 'body trying to save you' An Australian-based fitness blogger has received massive backlash after posting a photo on Instagram with a controversial message. Olivia Budgen wrote in a caption, which has since been removed, “Cancer...
You'll never guess the age of this fitness blogger A fitness blogger has claimed that they look so young for their age that their teenage sons are often mistaken for their boyfriend. Pupsa Dewi, from Indonesia, has racked up...
Nude blogger gets account back after fight with Instagram Australian blogger Jess O'Brien has had their Instagram account reinstated after it was shut down earlier this month. Known as The Nude Blogger, the 28-year-old says regaining control of her...
Blogger has bizarre beauty ritual for firmer skin A blogger claims they keep their face toned and firm by squeezing empty water bottles all over their skin. Make-up artist Mercedes ‘Benssz' uploaded a video to Instagram, which shows...
This blogger is livestreaming their boob job for strangers Ashley Devonna, a beauty and lifestyle video blogger, has decided to get breast augmentation surgery this Friday, and is inviting them thousands of Instagram followers along. The Texas-based vlogger has...
This mom is livestreaming their birth to 26K strangers High-risk pregnancies are hard enough without a video camera in the delivery room. And yet on Thursday, Rebecca Meldrum, a 28-year-old blogger from Aberdeen, Scotland, went ahead and started livestreaming...
Vietnam is jailing female activists over their Facebook posts Tran Thi Nga has just been handed a nine-year prison sentence which will be followed by five years of probation. Them crime? For writing Facebook posts fighting for labor and...
Mommy blogger's 'gigantic clusterf--k' causes them to name baby 3 times A mom-of-two has admitted to suffering from baby name regret – after changing their daughter's name three times. Sophie Cachia, 26, from Melbourne, Australia, took to Instagram and revealed picking...
O.J. Simpson may take their talents to the internet While in prison, O.J. Simpson wrote a letter to a Nevada state lawmaker saying they were taking a computer course and suggesting they could put their new skills to use...
BRUCETON – Sammie Joe Cole, 75, of Humboldt, previously from Bruceton, died January 1, 2017 at their home.
A memorial service is Tuesday, January 3, 1:00 p.m. in the chapel of Bruceton Funeral Home. Cremation was chosen.
They were born in Bruceton on June 26, 1941 to the late Lenzie Clarence Cole and Gerline Minell Park Cole. They were a veteran.
They were preceded in death by their parents, two sisters, and three brothers.
Survivors include: wife, Joye Knight Cole of Humboldt, five daughters, Tammie (Stacey) Hollingsworth of Paris, Alesia Osborn of Huntingdon, Carol (Brent) Rice of Buena Vista and Julie (Chris) Finley of Bruceton; two stepsons, Ben Underwood of Clifton and Bertt Underwood of Miami, one brother, Jerry Cole of Eva, 12 grandchildren, and two great-grandchildren.
Motorists have been warned to expect delays as they head into Dundee this morning on the A90.
Traffic Scotland has tweeted that a breakdown on the eastbound approach to the Swallow Roundabout, west of the city, is causing slow traffic.
Vehicles face delays of up to 30 minutes.
A90 Longforgan – A85 Dundee(S) – Breakdown, All lanes restricted Northbound for up to 30 minutes https://t.co/8lH9J64RrC #TSIncident — Traffic Scotland (@trafficscotland) August 14, 2017
❗ SLOW ❗ Traffic heavier than normal on the #A90 E/B
Approach to the Swallow Rdbt in #Dundee
If you spot anything, tweet us…#StayAware pic.twitter.com/63rJWL67aw — Traffic Scotland (@trafficscotland) August 14, 2017
The hold-up may affect teachers on their way back to school after the summer break, although most pupils don't return until tomorrow.
Video
A cross-party group of MPs has called for "prostitution websites" to be banned in England and Wales.
The MPs say the sites' owners "directly and knowingly" profit from sex-trafficking and want the Home Office to intervene.
But Niki Adams from the English Collective of Prostitutes - which campaigns for the decriminalisation of the industry - told the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire that a ban would make life less safe for sex workers.
Watch the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme on weekdays between 09:00 and 11:00 on BBC Two and the BBC News Channel in the UK.
NEW YORK — A French-Italian crew has won the first leg of the Atlantic Cup by reaching New York an hour and a half ahead of an American crew after sailing 648 nautical miles from Charleston, South Carolina.
Skipper Catherine Pourre and Pietro Luciani on Earendil sailed into New York ahead of the American crew of Amhas, Micah Davis and Rob Windsor.
Earendil moved into the lead after a long, intense battle with Amhas. The French-Italian duo played the conditions perfectly, allowing it to gain a tactical and speed advantage after gybing in from the Gulf Stream to race along the New Jersey shore.
The second stage of three-stage race, to Portland, Maine, begins Saturday. The race will cover 1,008 nautical miles and is being sailed in Class40s.
Mike Matheny had a lot of good things to talk about after their team's win over the Pirates, starting with their winning pitcher, Lance Lynn.
More FOX Sports Midwest Videos Yeo on Blues win: ‘We know there's … more work to be done' Schwartz on Blues win: ‘We do a good job of being in the moment' Pietrangelo describes Allen as ‘fantastic' and ‘lights out' Parayko ‘just trying to get something towards the net' on Blues goal Allen ‘not fazed' by amount of Wild shots WATCH: Gyorko, Piscotty homer in Cardinals' loss to Yankees More FOX Sports Midwest Videos
In Latin America, VP Pence threads needle on Venezuela
hello
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence, right, and their wife Karen Pence wave upon their arrival to the Rafael Nunez airport in Cartagena, Colombia, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017. Cartagena is the first stop of Pence's weeklong trip to Latin America that will also take them to Argentina, Chile and Panama. Associated Press
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence and their wife Karen Pence walk past the honor guard after being received by Colombia's Foreign Minister Maria Angela Holguin, far right, upon their arrival to the Rafael Nunez airport in Cartagena, Colombia, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017. Cartagena is the first stop of Pence's weeklong trip to Latin America that will also take them to Argentina, Chile and Panama. Associated Press
In this Aug. 10, 2017, photo, President Donald Trump, accompanied by Vice President Mike Pence, speaks to reporters before a security briefing at Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, N.J. Pence departs Sunday for Latin America, a trip that comes on the heels of yet another provocative statement fromTrump that Pence is sure to have to answer for: this time Trumpâs sudden declaration that they would not rule out a âmilitary optionâ in Venezuela, where president Nicolas Maduro has been consolidating power, plunging the country into chaos. Associated Press
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence, right, and Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos shake hands at the start of a meeting at the presidential guesthouse in Cartagena, Colombia, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017. Cartagena is the first stop of Pence's weeklong trip to Latin America, that will also take them to Argentina, Chile and Panama. Associated Press
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence is welcomed by Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos, left, at the presidential guesthouse in Cartagena, Colombia, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017. Cartagena is the first stop of Pence's weeklong trip to Latin America, that will also take them to Argentina, Chile and Panama. Associated Press
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence, right, is welcomed by Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos at the presidential guesthouse in Cartagena, Colombia, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017. Cartagena is the first stop of Pence's weeklong trip to Latin America, that will also take them to Argentina, Chile and Panama. Associated Press
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence, right, talks to the media alongside Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos at the presidential guesthouse in Cartagena, Colombia, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017. Cartagena is the first stop of Pence's weeklong trip to Latin America, that will also take them to Argentina, Chile and Panama. Associated Press
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence, right, and Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos, arrive to give a joint press conference at the presidential guesthouse in Cartagena, Colombia, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017. Cartagena is the first stop of Pence's weeklong trip to Latin America, that will also take them to Argentina, Chile and Panama. (AP Photo/Fernando Vergara). Associated Press
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence speaks during a joint press conference with Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos at the presidential guesthouse in Cartagena, Colombia, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017. Cartagena is the first stop of Pence's weeklong trip to Latin America, that will also take them to Argentina, Chile and Panama. Associated Press
CARTAGENA, Colombia -- Vice President Mike Pence is demonstrating the delicate balancing act that has thus far defined their term, walking a line during a trip to Latin America between the region's opposition to possible U.S. military intervention in Venezuela, and President Donald Trump's surprising refusal to rule out that option.
Speaking during a joint news conference with Colombian president Juan Manuel Santos shortly after their arrival Sunday, Pence also declined to rule out possible military action against Venezuelan President NicolÃ¡s Maduro, whose efforts to consolidate power in the country have drawn alarm. Still, Pence stressed the U.S. would much prefer what they called a "peaceable" solution to the growing political and humanitarian crisis.
"President Trump is a leader who says what they mean and means what they say," Pence said. "But the president sent me here to continue to marshal the unprecedented support of countries across Latin America to achieve by peaceable means the restoration of democracy in Venezuela, and we believe it is achievable by those means."
Trump's startling comments Friday sparked backlash across the region, including from Venezuela's chief opposition coalition and the Colombian government.
Standing at Pence's side in Cartagena after the two met, Santos said they had repeatedly told Pence in no uncertain terms that the U.S. must not even consider military action in response to Venezuela's crisis.
The two countries are important allies, Santos said. "But since friends have to tell each other the truth, I have told Vice President Pence that the possibility of a military intervention shouldn't even be considered, neither in Colombia nor in Latin America," Santos said through a translator. "America is a continent of peace. It is the land of peace. Let us preserve it as such."
Analysists said Trump's comments played into Maduro's hands by awakening dark memories of U.S. intervention in the region and making it harder for other Latin American countries to join the anti-Maduro coalition. "The phantom of military interventions in Latin America disappeared a long time ago, and we don't want it to return," Santos said.
Pence emphasized the U.S. will work together with many nations in Venezuela's "neighborhood" to pressure Maduro so that democracy can be restored. "We simply will not accept the emergence of a dictatorship in our hemisphere," they said, continuing the tough talk that has been Trump's approach to Maduro. "The United States will not stand by as Venezuela crumbles," they said.
Pence also addressed the deadly violence that broke out Saturday during a march by white supremacists in Charlottesville, Virginia, using words the president would not. "We have no tolerance for hate and violence, white supremacists or neo-Nazis or the KKK," Pence said. "These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate, and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms."
Trump has been criticized by both Democrats and Republicans for not singling out those groups directly in a lengthy Saturday statement and instead blaming "many sides" for the violence.
Pence also addressed a spike in coca production in Colombia, saying the worsening crisis required "swift action to protect the people of both our countries." A July report from the United Nations showed that coca production in Colombia had reached levels not seen in two decades, complicating Colombia's efforts to make its vast, lawless countryside more secure.
Venezuelan Vice President Tareck El Aissami lashed out at Pence, rejecting what they called "interventionist" comments intended to hide the failure of US anti-narcotics policies in Colombia. They dismissed Pence's meeting with Santos as "an encounter between the world's largest producer of drugs and the nation with the most consumers."
El Aissami was sanctioned by the Trump administration in February for allegedly running a drug trafficking network of corrupt officials in Venezuela.
Pence and their wife, Karen, arrived Sunday in Colombia for a six-day, four-country trip through the region. Pence has other stops scheduled in Argentina, Chile and Panama, giving speeches and meeting with leaders.
White House officials tried Sunday to explain Trump's decision to raise the prospect of possible military action in Venezuela. CIA Director Mike Pompeo said Trump was trying "to give the Venezuelan people hope and opportunity to create a situation where democracy can be restored." Pompeo told "Fox News Sunday" that Venezuela "could very much become a risk" to the U.S. if it descended into further chaos.
Yet a Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee who calls themselves "a pretty hawkish guy" expressed skepticism about the idea of American troops in Caracas.
"I have no idea why we would use military force in Venezuela. I'm open-minded to a reason, but at the end of the day, our military should be deployed when there's a national security interest that can be articulated to the American people," South Carolina's Lindsey Graham told "'Fox News Sunday."
Trump's national security adviser, who has previously warned against military talk, said the Trump administration wants to get a handle on the current situation under Maduro's embattled government and "understand better how this crisis might evolve."
"The president never takes options off the table in any of these situations and what we owe them are options," H.R. McMaster told ABC's "This Week."
___
Associated Press writer Joshua Goodman in Caracas, Venezuela, contributed to this report.
___
Reach Jill Colvin on Twitter at http://twitter.com/colvinj
A United Airlines employee knocks an elderly man to the floor??!!
This is from 2015, but it's just gone viral. It's video of a United Airlines employee pushing a 71-year-old man so hard that they fall flat on their back. It's at Bush Intercontinental Airport in Houston. The employee was charged with a felony for injuring an elderly individual, and the man is currently suing United for $1 million.
SHELBYVILLE, Ind. (WISH) — A man has died after a shooting involving police in Shelbyville late Tuesday night.
Officers were called to a home in the 1100 block of Fallway Court shortly after 10:30 p.m. following a report of gunshots, according to authorities.
Indiana State Police say Steven Oliger, 64, fired a shot toward Shelbyville Police Department officers as they approached the house.
Oliger fell to the ground after an officer fired back, according to state police. They were pronounced dead on the scene from a gunshot wound to the head.
State police say it's unclear if Oliger shot themselves or was hit by the officer's bullet. Oliger had fired at least two shots prior to officers arriving, according to state police.
“It is important to note this investigation is only a few hours old and it is not conclusive that the gunshot wound Oliger suffered was the result of being shot by the Shelbyville police officer,” state police said in a media release issued Wednesday morning. “State police detectives are also investigating the possibility Oliger's wound to the head may have been self-inflicted with the revolver from which they had previously fired at least two shots.”
An autopsy is scheduled for Wednesday to determine the cause of death.
No officers were hurt. The investigation continues.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Nigeria's Helmsman And Their Herdsmen -By ‘Fisayo Soyombo
No matter how hard President Muhammadu Buhari tries, or no matter the frequency with which their spokespersons finger the opposition, the final months of their tenure in office will continue to be dominated, in part, by herdsmen attacks (Yes, someone tells the President I wrote “herdsmen attacks” — not “herder-farmer crisis”.). Since suspected herdsmen killed more than 100 across three local government areas of Plateau State last week, the herdsmen conversation has intensified.
To be fair on the President, it didn't help that when they published details of their assets in September 2015, the highlights included their ownership of 270 head of cattle. If anything ever went wrong with herders, Buhari was going to be adjudged to be siding with them. From start it was clear they and their men needed to exhibit utmost tact in discussing killings by herdsmen; much as they hate to admit, they haven't.
For instance, while hosting a Benue delegation at the villa in January, Buhari infamously asked them in “the name of God to accommodate your countrymen”, that is herdsmen. At least twice this year, their Defence Minister, Mansur Dan-Ali, has spoken out against the anti-open grazing law already in force in some states. Only days ago, their spokesperson, Femi Adesina, chronicled the litany of killings during the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) years — simply because the PDP had played the trite opposition prank of mourning more than the bereaved, which, we must be reminded, the Progressives Congress (APC) also did in opposition capacity before April 2015. The information management end of this recalcitrant security challenge has been bungled time and time again.
The President continues to call the killings “farmer-herder clashes/crisis”. This is pure untruth. A clash cannot occur without a central territory that both feuding parties are laying claim to. Although bad blood between herders and farmers has assumed a far complicated dimension, competition for land remains the simple, single biggest cause. When herders trample on farms and their cattle eat crops, the farmers respond by rustling or killing the cows. The herders return to kill the farmers, who in turn plot reprisals. At the start of this chain is herders' invasion of farmlands; as long as this one problem is not solved, the killings are here to stay.
Add that to Buhari's failure to declare herdsmen terrorists — 10 months after the defence headquarters rushed to designate the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) a terrorist group without even taking a moment to find out the procedures, as laid down by the provisions of the Terrorism (Prevention) Act 2011, amended in 2013, followed by the legal proscription of IPOB by an Abuja Federal High Court. On top of that, these herders are getting bolder by the day and, according to Vanguard, have since graduated to renaming the villages they have conquered.
How on earth are IPOB members terrorists and herdsmen have no such designation — herdsmen that were named in 2015 by the Global Terrorism Index as the fourth deadliest terror group in world? Only Boko Haram, ISIS, and al-Shabab were deemed deadlier than this nomadic group of militants. In 2013, they killed around 80 people in total, but by 2014 the group had killed 1,229, and 847 in 2015.
“The little-known group, formed of individuals from the semi-nomadic, pastoral ethnic group Fula people existing across several West African nations… operates in Nigeria and parts of the Central African Republic,” The Independent wrote at the time. “As much as 92 per cent of their attacks target private citizens, reflecting the group's primary concern over the ownership of farmland. Each attack claims an average of 11 lives, with the largest known in April 2014 killing as many as 200 people after a group of the militants targeted community leaders and residents during a meeting in central province Zamfara.”
How can Buhari free themselves of the political noose that herdsmen attacks pose to him? First step, they must generate genuine political will to tackle the challenge. For now, they and their supporters are living in denial. Only on Friday, the Buhari Support Organisation (BSO) said the Plateau killings were “done to tarnish the reputation of the President and cast the image of APC in bad light”.
In April, Garba Shehu, their second spokesperson, said: “the Middle Belt killings… are no doubt seen as a political opportunity to set the tone for the 2019 elections”, before adding in June: “We know that a number of geographical and economic factors are contributing to the longstanding herdsmen/farmers clashes. But we also know that politicians are taking advantage of the situation. This is incredibly unfortunate.”
A President who refuses to take responsibility for a problem will never solve it. Buhari believes the killings are the handiwork of the opposition; therefore, no chance of a solution!
Two, Buhari is living in denial. They say it repeatedly that these killers are not Nigerians; they're from Chad, Niger and so on. For the second time in less than two months, they have come forward to say “the Nigerian cattle herder doesn't carry anything more than a stick”. They said that last week, having previously told President Donald Trump in the US: “The Nigerian herders don't carry anything more than a stick and occasionally a machete to cut down foliage and give it to their animals.” Nothing could be further from the truth.
In December 2013, when I spent 11 straight days traversing the perilous Plateau villages to investigate the killings, after which I published a five-part series, my first discovery was that these herdsmen were very brutal — in fact more brutal than Boko Haram. Boko Haram mostly inflicts one-way, sometimes two-way, injuries on victims. If it's bomb its bomb; if it's gunshots its gunshots; very rarely does Boko Haram combine guns and machetes, for example. But relics of attacks by Fulani herdsmen that I saw were some of the crudest I've ever reported; there were cases where just one individual was first shot, then cut with machete, and finally set ablaze. These are the people our President says go about with just sticks?
Forget that they have an IGP, if Buhari truly wants to resolve the killings, they must rise beyond symbolic efforts and get personally involved. For instance, their public-outcry-enforced visit to Plateau on Wednesday ended up at town halls for meetings with stakeholders. They did not set foot on any of the villages where the killings happened, otherwise they would have found out, for example, that one major problem with Plateau villages is that they are so hidden from civilization that (i) many soldiers posted there end up living in town rather than the villages and are therefore unavailable to help at nights when most of these killings occur and (ii) they are mostly inaccessible with a car, which means attackers are usually gone before military help arrives. Of the total 11 villages I visited, I found soldiers in only two: Mile-Bakwai and Kukah. In all the other nine villages — Nyapkai, Dipbong, Zamchang, Locost, Ket, Rawurum, Kungte, Tatu, Larwin — I did not run into a single soldier. Now, who is going to teach you that if, as a President, you're not personally ready to visit these places — if all you do is fly to town hall and fly back to Abuja?
The most obstinate of Buhari's supporters are obsessed with the genesis-of-the-crisis line as a prelude to finding solution to this problem. Even the ‘genesis of the crisis' is overrated. Between 1991 and 2013, when I did my work on Plateau, there were a minimum of six commissions of inquiries set up by both the FG and past Plateau State governments, each documenting its findings. There are numerous white papers on years of the Plateau crisis in particular and the general herdsmen attacks. Mr. President needs just one day to sit down, digest these reports and understand whatever they need to understand. But all these reports are secondary; the primary solution is first for the government to possess the political will to deal with the killers. The Goodluck Jonathan government didn't have it — yes, even Jonathan turned a blind eye, particularly when Boko Haram began gaining ground. On the evidence of what we've seen so far, we know this Muhammadu Buhari government lacks it as well.
Soyombo, former Editor of the TheCable and the International Centre for Investigative Reporting (ICIR), tweets @fisayosoyombo
Comments
comments
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Staff from Ministry of Woman model traditional attire during the 3rd Fiji National Woman's Expo 2017 at Vodafone Arena yesterday. Picture: RAMA
Update: 5:10PM THE Assistant Minister for Women, Children and Poverty Alleviation, Veena Bhatnagar, this afternoon launched the much-anticipated Rural Women's Fashion Show.
Mrs Bhatnagar did the honours amidst the excitement of the National Women's Expo 2017 as it got into full swing on its second day.
"The Rural Women's Fashion Show was born out the growing participation of Fijian women in fashion as an industry," Mrs Bhatnagar said.
They also said the National Women's Expo was a signature event of the Fijian Government and it was one of the platforms of women's economic empowerment in Fiji.
While four renowned local designers judged the event, the show had entries from 19 rural designers Fiji-wide and all the models who modelled the garments were staff members of the Ministry of Women, Children and Poverty Alleviation.
There is no The Knife.
One of the most confounding and liberating performances of 2014 included 25 dancers, musicians and crew — and no one in the audience knew who was playing what role. When The Knife took its album Shaking The Habitual on tour, the Swedish electronic duo extended that record's themes, of power dynamics and queer politics, in part by outfitting the performers in gender-neutral jumpsuits. It was like an aerobics tape from space; everyone sang, everyone danced, everyone banged on outlandishly decorated instruments (built especially for the tour).
From way up on the third balcony of Terminal 5 for one of these performances I spent the first 20 minutes that night in NYC trying to figure out which of the jumpsuited performers the siblings Karin Dreijer Andersson and Olof Dreijer. But as this "amoeba," as the band refers to itself, moved from playing imaginatively different live versions of Shaking The Habitual to using pre-recorded tracks in an extended dance performance, identity became fluid and, more strikingly, unimportant.
If you couldn't make it to New York — or, like me, were stuck on a high balcony craning your neck all night long — Shaking The Habitual: Live At Terminal 5 is here for you, documenting the night with a live album, film and photo book.
Note that there's a bit of a hiccup for streaming the album, as the band has a long-running dispute with Brille Records in the U.K./Éire, USA/Canada, Asia & South/Latin America — so if you live in those areas and go to The Knife's site right now, you get a series of vignettes (including those cryptic videos published Friday, plus a machete slapping a buttock) instead of the concert film.
Shaking The Habitual: Live At Terminal 5 is out Sept. 1 via Rabid (digital, DVD and photo book).
More than four decades after a 17-year-old girl from Akron, Ohio went missing from their home without a trace, a complete stranger may have uncovered what happened to them
Linda Pagano, a 4-foot-10, 100-pound Springfield High School student, got into a fight with their stepfather on September 1, 1974, according to police records.
Byron Claflin told police that they left their apartment on foot. They were never heard from again.
“I just felt an empty pit, I knew,” Pagano's older brother, Michael Pagano, said.
Pagano said they and others thought they had been killed and pointed the finger at Claflin, but a body was never recovered and charges were never filed. They died in 1990.
“I had to accept the fact that I would die never knowing,” Pagano said. “Just like my mom did. They never knew.”
But more than 40 years later, Linda Pagano's memory would resurface, thanks to an amateur detective Reddit user who goes only by the name “callmeice.”
The user was sifting through old Cleveland Cemetery documents while looking into a different case. They came across listing for “unknown white female bones” that had been discovered on the banks of the Rocky River in Strongsville on February 5, 1975.
The cause of death was listed as “gunshot wound of head.” The bones were buried in Potter's Field a few months later.
“A call to the cemetery confirmed that no action had been taken since their interment, and further research at a local library of newspapers on microfiche turned up a handful of articles,” Callmeice wrote.
They were able to obtain the original autopsy report and case files, including a photo of the Strongsville Jane Doe's skull. Then a forensic artist used the photo to create a facial reconstruction.
A few months later, the artist noticed that the new reconstruction looked very similar to a picture of Linda Pagano that had been newly posted on the National Missing and Unidentified Missing Persons System database. The age, skeletal stature and time of disappearance all added up.
“The mouth is practically identical,” Michael Pagano said, staring in awe at the facial reconstruction.
Akron Police contacted the family in April to share the possible news and asked Michael and their sister to give DNA samples for comparison.
“We've never forgotten about this case,” said Lt. Rick Edwards of the Akron Police Department. “Hopefully we'll be able to go back to this family some day and say, ‘Here's your loved one. They were located.'”
Four months later and the DNA tests have yet to be completed. The family says they're trying to stay patient.
A spokesperson for the Cuyahoga County Medical Examiner's office said they are moving forward with an exhumation of the remains.
Investigators say that from that point they will be sent to a lab in Texas for testing. There is currently no timeline for when those results will be available.
Pagano said they and their family are bracing for the possibility that it's not Linda, but deep down he's convinced it's them
“Its' something you feel down in here. Yeah. It's her,” Pagano said.
The Strongsville Police Department did not respond to a request for comment.
The Latest: Trump calls for getting tough on drug dealers
hello
President Donald Trump holds first lady Melania Trump who lost their footing while walking across the South Lawn of the White in Washington, Monday, March 19, 2018, before boarding Marine One helicopter for the short trip to Andrews Air Force Base, Md. Trump is traveling to Manchester, N.H., to announced their plan to combat opioid drug addiction. Associated Press
President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump walk from Marine One towards Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base, Md., Monday, March 19, 2018. Trump is traveling to New Hampshire to unveil more of their plan to combat the nation's opioid crisis. Associated Press
President Donald Trump speaks at Manchester Community College in Manchester, N.H., Monday, March 19, 2018. Trump is in New Hampshire to unveil more of their plan to combat the nation's opioid crisis. Associated Press
Attorney General Jeff Sessions and first lady Melania Trump listen as President Donald Trump speaks at Manchester Community College in Manchester, N.H., Monday, March 19, 2018. Trump is in New Hampshire to unveil more of their plan to combat the nation's opioid crisis. Associated Press
Attorney General Jeff Sessions and first lady Melania Trump listen as President Donald Trump speaks at Manchester Community College in Manchester, N.H., Monday, March 19, 2018, to unveil more of their plan to combat the nation's opioid crisis. Associated Press
MANCHESTER, N.H. -- The Latest on President Donald Trump and opioid drug addiction (all times local):
2:55 p.m.
President Donald Trump says the nation "must get tough" with drug dealers, which includes utilizing the death penalty.
Trump unveiled their plan to combat the nation's deadly opioid addiction in a speech Monday in Manchester, New Hampshire, a state ravaged by the drug.
Trump said "failure is not an option" and vowed that "addiction is not our future."
They vowed to help create "a generation of drug-free children." And they complained that, under the current law, a dealer could sell a drug that could kill hundreds but only receive a short prison sentence.
This is Trump's first visit as president to New Hampshire. Their victory there in the 2016 Republican primary helped propel them to the nomination, though they lost the state narrowly in the general election to Hillary Clinton.
___
2:50 p.m.
Melania Trump says "real progress" is being made in combatting the nation's opioid crisis because of the hard work of doctors and nurses across the country.
They introduced President Donald Trump at an event Monday in Manchester, New Hampshire, where he's outlining more elements of their plan to combat the opioid addiction.
One element of the plan includes applying the federal death penalty to drug traffickers where applicable under current law. Raising education and awareness, and expanding access to proven treatment and recovery efforts.
Mrs. Trump spoke about their visits to hospitals and clinics that help children who were born addicted to opioids.
___
2:10 p.m.
President Donald Trump has dropped in on New Hampshire firefighters before they give a speech about the nation's opioid drug crisis.
Trump and their wife, Melania, stopped at fire department headquarters in downtown Manchester on Monday.
Eight firefighters stood in front of a truck emblazoned with "Rescue 1."
Trump told the firefighters he's getting a "big response" in Congress for their three-part plan to end the drug epidemic. The plan focuses on education and raising awareness, law enforcement, and expanding access to proven treatment and recovery efforts. One element includes subjecting drug traffickers to the federal death penalty.
Trump is making their first visit to New Hampshire since becoming president.
___
3:00 a.m.
President Donald Trump's plan to combat opioid drug addiction calls for stiffer penalties for drug traffickers, including the death penalty where it's appropriate under current law.
Administration officials say Trump also wants Congress to pass legislation reducing the amount of drugs necessary to trigger mandatory minimum sentences on traffickers who knowingly distribute certain illicit opioids.
The president is scheduled to unveil their plan Monday in New Hampshire, a state hard-hit by the crisis. He'll be accompanied by first lady Melania Trump, who has shown an interest in the issue, particularly as it pertains to children.
Trump has mused openly in recent weeks about subjecting drug dealers to the "ultimate penalty."
Their three-part plan includes multiple steps to raise awareness, cut the illicit drug flow and expand proven treatment options
Arizona announced over the weekend that the program had hired former Washington head coach Lorenzo Romar as associate head coach, with Romar replacing Joe Pasternack on staff. Pasternack is now the head coach at UC Santa Barbara.
“It's an exciting day for Arizona Basketball to be able to welcome Lorenzo Romar and their family to our basketball family,” said Arizona head coach Sean Miller. “Lorenzo's accomplishments in this game speak for themselves, including their successful tenure as the head coach at Washington for the last 15 seasons. However, their dedication to their players, passion for this game and impeccable character is what everybody that knows them loves about him. They will no doubt make a significant impact in all aspects of our basketball program as we continue to build and improve in all that we do.”
Romar spent a decade-and-a-half coaching at Washington, and while the Huskies struggled towards the end of their time in Seattle, they were arguably the most successful coach in the history of the program. That was largely due to the fact that they were able to recruit so well. They sent six players to the first round of the NBA Draft in the last six seasons — that doesn't include Isaiah Thomas — and if they hadn't been fired they could have very well ended up landing the No. 1 picks in the 2017 and 2018 drafts in Markelle Fultz and Michael Porter Jr.
A Southern California native, Romar is one of the nation's best recruiters, and their addition to a program that is already landing players like Deandre Ayton should be terrifying for west coast teams.
“Of all the potential opportunities that were out there for me, joining the Arizona program was the one that was the most appealing,” Romar said. “I truly believe Sean Miller is one of the best coaches in America. The opportunity to join him, their staff and the rich tradition of Arizona Basketball is something that I'm extremely excited about.”
The first three episodes of Amazon Prime India Original's 'The Remix' is out.
Amazon Prime India Originals have successfully delivered remixed versions of Bollywood songs. Reportedly, the show has grabbed eyes of big music companies.
The first three episodes saw the contestants jazzing up songs like 'O o jaane Jaana','Sheila Ki Jawani', 'Love Dose', 'Main Lovely Ho Gayiaan', 'Senorita' and others.Buzz is that music companies have approached to cut an album from songs performed on the show.
Amazon Prime Video have a bought a unique concept with 'The Remix' as it brings together DJ's and singers on the same platform performing and recreating iconic songs.
The Remix has given people a platform to showcase their talent in a unique way.
It is a popular format abroad and Amazon has got it here in India.
The Remix has brought few celebrated names from various fields together to get the digital content one notch higher. Karan Tacker, Amit Trivedi, Sunidhi Chauhan, and Nucleya are the judges of the show.
Earlier while speaking to Firstpost, Sunidhi had said, " What I love about the show is that a pair (DJ and vocalist) is given two to three days to prepare a song, so you also get to see the whole process of how it is made.
People usually don't know what goes into it, what makes it sound so different. Also, it's not the regular, commercialised remix that the contestants do; they actually recreate, recompose sounds, add elements to it... So it is totally different. This way, I think, people will be more educated about the remixes, in a more tasteful way."
The next episode of the show will get streamed on 23rd March 2018.
Amazon Prime Original The Remix is created and produced by Greymatter Entertainment and has been launched on 9th March 2018, exclusively on Amazon Prime Video.
What's driving the rise of digital dating? Novelty is one factor; another may be our own increasing reliance on technology across all aspects of our lives. But the desire to avoid needless risk may be paramount — especially for women.
“It's a big step going from sending messages on an app to actually meeting in person,” says Clemens Wangerin, managing director of vTime, a U.K.-based company that recently launched a VR social network. “Virtual reality is probably the safest way to have a real time interaction with a complete stranger other than a telephone conversation.”
Beyond compatibility quizzes
Finding a date is one thing, finding a love match something else entirely. But technology can help here as well. Online quizzes, like those used by OKCupid and eHarmony, can help predict compatibility. But these don't always yield reliable results, in part because people don't always fill them out accurately.
So dating websites and apps may come to rely on potential partners' social media posts as a way to gauge compatibility. Eventually, the sites and apps may factor in heart rate, respiration rate, and other biometric data recorded by wearable devices. With the help of artificial intelligence and databases of successful relationships, the data could show, for example, whether you're likely to end up constantly fighting because your partner needs “me time” or whether you share the same appetite for emotional intimacy.
Jonathan Beber, eHarmony's senior research analyst, thinks we may even see the development of smart contact lenses and body implants that record subtle changes in body chemistry in the presence of certain individuals — as a way to indicate the specific kinds of people we find attractive.
“By 2040, we will have technologies which are capable of measuring your hormones and feeding this information, along with data on your behavior, to smartphones and other devices to match you with people,” Beber says, adding that it might take another 10 or 20 years before this approach gains wide acceptance.
Will people really feel comfortable sharing such intimate secrets with total strangers? Beber thinks so, citing the rapid acceptance of ride-sharing services.
“If you told someone 20 years ago that you could find a random stranger to come to wherever you are and you'd get in their car to take you somewhere, they'd look at you like you were crazy. But now, apps like Uber and Lyft rule the road.”
Beber thinks digital dating technology could even act as a kind of dating coach, with users getting advice during outings via smartphone texts or audio messages delivered via earbuds.
“If artificial intelligence were thoroughly trained on, for example, what body language signifies about the level of chemistry, things like this could be absolutely plausible,” they say. “If these algorithms had seen in successful dates that engaged dates tend to lean in closer to one another, keep their arms from being crossed, flushing of the skin, and genuine laughter, those could be signs of a great date.”
Digital soul mates?
Some experts take technology a step farther, envisioning a time when we form romantic relationships not just with other people but also with robots. One recent report predicts that within the next decade many humans will have two soul mates — one made of flesh and blood and another of computer chips and synthetic skin.
“It's actually very difficult for humans to sustain a relationship over a long time,” says Prof. Vanessa Evers, a world-renowned expert on human-machine interactions at the University of Twente in the Netherlands. “It requires such amazing skill and willingness from both parties to adapt to each other, and to communicate. But robots could be better than us at detecting the patterns of behavior that are harmful to our relationships, and then sound the alarm bell.”
Humanity at risk?
Not everyone is on board with the idea of making robots the objects of our affections — or even with placing our romantic lives under the control of algorithms and devices.
“Are we ready to hand over something so central to our understanding of our own humanity — our desire to love and be loved — to a seemingly objective formula?” asks Corinne Weisgerber, a sociologist at St. Edward's University in Austin, Texas, and an expert on the psychological effect of new technologies.
Weisgerber worries that algorithms may perpetuate destructive biases, such as those involving age and race. And while they acknowledge that digital dating may be especially appealing to people who struggle with forming relationships, they worry that relying too heavily on it could detract from our ability to properly get to know a new partner.
“When we start relying on real-time AI dating coaches, we may never learn how to build rapport with potential romantic partners because we no longer need to expend our energy trying to read another person's emotions or nonverbal behaviors,” they say.
Yet, as the mainstream adoption over dating apps has shown in the past few years, it's inevitable that in coming decades these technologies will slowly blend into society. They may offer the promise of first dates with no awkward silences, and possibly even successful relationships.
And as long as we don't give up too much control, those could be good things.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
ORLANDO, Fla. (CBS) – A North Carolina woman is disgusted after discovering that a “catfisher” had been using pictures of one of the Pulse nightclub shooting's 49 victims on a dating website.
Ashley Pickenpack said they were watching local news coverage of the one-year anniversary of the Pulse massacre when they saw a photo of shooting victim Shane Tomlinson.
Tomlinson's picture matched a photo of a man they knew as Thomas Gregory, who claimed to live in England, Pickenpack said. They first began talking to Gregory on the Plenty of Fish dating website in April.
“He's telling me they love me. They want to be with me. They want to be part of our family. All of the above,” Pickenpack told CBS affiliate WKMG-TV. “And at this point, I am sick to my stomach.”
Gregory sent them a video that they said showed them and their friends singing, along with several photos that they claimed were of him, Pickenpack said. The video and photos can all be found on Tomlinson's Instagram profile.
Jai Saint, Tomlinson's best friend, told WKMG-TV that this is the second time someone used the shooting victim's pictures since their death. Another person used Tomlinson's photos as their own on a Facebook profile last year, they said.
The U.S. attorney's office told WKMG-TV that an FBI agent would be interested in pursuing a case regarding the use of Tomlinson's photos.
Pickenpack filed a police report in North Carolina on Tuesday, they said.
“You don't manipulate someone going through emotions and playing with your heart,” they said. “You're also messing with the deceased member of a family? How can you live with yourself?”
10 best low-sugar fruits that won't mess with your blood sugar Looking for fruit that doesn't affect your blood sugar?
Look: We need sugar to survive, both physically and emotionally. But even with fruits, you can inadvertently have too much of a good thing.
That said, you shouldn't just cut out fruits altogether when trying to limit sugar intake. Fruits contain important nutrients like vitamin C, fibre and antioxidants – and increasing your intake of fruits and vegetables has been shown to reduce your cancer and mortality risk.
Instead, reach for fruits that are lower in sugar per serving. While registered dietititian Sarah Hortman says there aren't any official guidelines as to what constitutes a “low-sugar” fruit, they say that “fruits containing higher fibre and water content dilute the amount of sugar or carbohydrate in a fruit.”
Without further (avoca)ado, these low-sugar fruits will allow you to get your sugar fix minus the dreaded energy crash.
Avocado
Yes, the reason millennials can't afford to buy property is also a solid source of heart-healthy monounsaturated fats and fibre. Avocados are so tasty and low in sugar that they make the perfect dessert substitute, says Hortman. Just swap your typical sweetener for some puréed avocado in your favourite milkshake, mousse, and cake recipes.
Per 1/3 fruit: 334kJ, 7g fat (1g sat), 4g carbs, 0.3g sugar, 4mg sodium, 3g fibre, 1g protein
Read more: Which is better for weight loss: fruits or veggies?
Watermelon
Watermelon might be your next favourite workout recovery snack. In a small study from the Journal of Agricultural Food Chemistry, researchers found that the amino acids in the fruit juice helped athletes recover faster (and feel less sore) after working out. Watermelon is also high in the antioxidant lycopene.
Per one-cup serving: 192kJ, 0g fat (0g sat), 12g carbs, 10g sugar, 2mg sodium, 1g fibre, 1g protein
Apples
Apples are the perfect mid-day snack because of their high soluble fibre content, which “absorbs water to become thick like the viscous texture of cooked oatmeal,” says Hortman. They've also been shown to lower your “bad” LDL cholesterol levels.
Per small apple: 322kJ, 0g fat (0g sat), 21g carbs, 15g sugar, 0mg sodium, 4g fibre, 0g protein
Read more: The 4 best fruits to eat if you're trying to lose weight
Strawberries
The fruit (which, despite its name, isn't technically a berry!) is packed with vitamin C and other antioxidants, has a decent amount of fibre, and can help reduce inflammation.
Per one-cup serving: 205kJ, 0g fat (0g sat), 12g carbs, 7g sugar, 2mg sodium, 3g fibre, 1g protein
Grapefruit
This citrus fruit ranks low on the sugar scale, with a bitter tartness to match. You also get half of your daily recommended value of vitamin C by eating just half of a fruit. But talk to your doctor if you're taking meds – the FDA warns that grapefruit (and grapefruit juice) can have bad interactions with several types of drugs, including statins for cholesterol and even some types of antihistamines.
Per 1/2 medium grapefruit: 171kJ, 0.2g fat (0g sat), 10g carbs, 9g sugar, 0mg sodium, 1g fibre, 0.8g protein
Read more: 5 low-carb fruits that are super good for you
Limes
Limes are another great low-sugar fruit: only 1g of sugar in the entire fruit. You'll also get nearly a third of your daily vitamin C dose per fruit. So don't be afraid to use it to flavour salad dressings and fish tacos, or garnish your seltzer water when you're feeling fancy.
Per medium lime: 83kJ, 0g fat (0g sat), 7g carbs, 1g sugar, 1mg sodium, 2g fibre, 0.5g protein
Olives
The Mediterranean diet has long been touted as the pathway to longevity, and thankfully, olives (which yes, are a fruit) are a staple. A small study from the American Journal of Hypertension found that polyphenol-rich olive oil is linked to decreased blood pressure in women who have high blood pressure or hypertension. While low in sugar, olives are often sold in cans and jars high in sodium, so keep an eye on portion sizes.
Per two tablespoon serving: 83kJ 2g fat (0.5g sat), 1g carbs, 0g sugar, 124mg sodium, 0g fibre, 0g protein
Read more: Here's exactly how much fruit it's safe to eat per week
Cucumbers
As a green-juice ingredient, we typically think of cucumbers as spa-friendly veggies. Surprise: They're actually a fruit. Hortman says you can safely eat up to three and a half cups of cucumbers as a serving (since they're basically all water), making them great for mindless munching.
Per 1/2-cup serving: 33kJ, 0g fat (0 g sat), 2g carbs, 1g sugar, 1mg sodium, 0g fibre, 0g protein
Tomatoes
Tomatoes are a rich source of the carotenoid lycopene, which can help protect the skin against ultraviolet rays (but nope, it can't replace SPF), strengthen bones and even prevent asthma. And the low-sugar fruit is low in carbohydrates, too.
Per one-cup serving: 133kJ, 0g fat (0g sat), 7g carbs, 5g sugar, 9mg sodium, 2g fibre, 2g protein
Squash
While most squash varieties have a rep for being starchy, they offer way more benefits than other starchy carbs like bread and potatoes. Technically a fruit, according to Hortman, their fibre can help stabilise blood sugar levels while slowing down digestion – keeping the intestinal tract healthy and keeping you full for longer.
Per one-cup serving: 263kJ, 0g fat (0g sat), 16g carbs, 3g sugar, 6mg sodium, 3g fibre, 1.5g protein
This article was originally published on www.womenshealthmag.com
Image credit: iStock
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
If you're looking to reduce your monthly subscription payments but don't want to let go of streaming music and video, Spotify and Hulu have a deal that will become widely available this summer: both services for $12.99 per month. That's $5 less per month than you'd pay for Spotify Premium ($9.99 per month) and Hulu Limited Commercials ($7.99 per month). College students can get it even cheaper: $4.99 per month. The offer isn't available for those who have or wish to use Hulu's No Commercials or Live TV plans.
Although the bundle isn't available for everyone for another few months, Spotify Premium members can try Hulu for 3 months for just $0.99 through 10 May 2018. Spotify said it would be offered “indefinitely.”
This move may put pressure on competing services like Apple Music and Netflix, and it raises the question of how Apple will charge for the original video content it's producing — see Macworld's list of everything that Apple has commissioned. Will Apple's shows be available to Apple Music subscribers? Will there be a new Apple Video service? Or something else entirely?
Read original article
Sarah and Vinnie are throwing a private Valentine's Day Secret Show, Wednesday, February 14th at Fairmont San Jose from 11 AM – 1 PM! The only way to get in is to win! Complimentary buffet lunch will be provided by the Fairmont San Jose and Tony Caters, door prizes, cash bar and MORE!
HERE'S HOW TO WIN:
Listen weekdays (2/5 – 2/9) every hour 8:05 AM to 4:05 PM for the cue to call. When you hear it, start dialing 1-800-400-FM97. Caller 9 instantly wins 2 passes into the Sarah and Vinnie Valentine's Day Secret Show. You and your guest must be 21 or older to attend. As always, Sarah and Vinnie will be dishin' out the bad advice to whoever will take it so be sure to bring your questions!
Fairmont San Jose is located at 170 South Market Street, San Jose, CA 95113. The Sarah and Vinnie Valentine's Day Secret Show event is being held in the Club Regent Ballroom. Alice representatives will be there checking names off the guest-list! Your name must be on the list to get in! There is very limited parking at the hotel, but there are several public parking lots nearby.
If you are lucky enough to win your way in – please bring a pair of NEW PAJAMAS (any size from newborn to 17 years old) to the Secret Show. Fairmont San Jose will collect donations of new pajamas and will donate them directly to philanthropic organizations in Silicon Valley as part of their 11th Annual “Open Your Heart” Pajama Drive. New books and monetary donations will be accepted too.
FAIRMONT SAN JOSE
Looking for a special way to celebrate Valentine's Day this year? Check out Fairmont San Jose's “Night in Wine Country” Package. Enjoy a wine country experience, without ever having to leave Silicon Valley! Fairmont San Jose has collaborated with the Fairmont Sonoma Mission Inn & Spa to bring the experience of wine country to San Jose. Guests who book the hotel's Night in Wine Country package will enjoy a romantically decorated guest room or suite and receive sparkling wine at check-in, a Sonoma wine and cheese amenity, and signature Apricot & Cream bath amenities from Fairmont Sonoma Mission Inn and Spa.
30TH ANNIVERSARY OF FAIRMONT SAN JOSE
Fairmont San Jose is in the midst of a year-long celebration of its 30th anniversary and has pledged 30 acts of service to the local community to commemorate this milestone anniversary. Fairmont San Jose's colleagues have already begun to devote their time and resources to this initiative, and by October 2018, these colleagues will have completed 30 charitable acts to make a meaningful impact on the community where they live and work.
OPEN YOUR HEART PAJAMA DRIVE
One of these 30 charitable acts will be the hotel's hosting of the 11th Annual Open Your Heart Pajama Drive. The event, which is held in partnership with the Pajama Program, will be held at the hotel on Friday, March 2. At the Open Your Heart Pajama Drive, volunteers will collect donations of new pajamas, new books and monetary donations from the generous community members of Silicon Valley. Donations will be accepted from 7:00 AM through 3:00 PM at the hotel's main entrance on South Market Street, as well as at the hotel's back entrance on South First Street. Donors will receive a sweet treat as a small token of appreciation from the hotel, and all collected sleepwear, books, and donations will go directly to philanthropic organizations in Silicon Valley. Sarah and Vinnie Valentine's Day Secret Show attendees are encouraged to participate in the Pajama Drive by bringing a new pair of pajamas to the Secret Show event on February 14th.
Get Free Email Updates!
Εγγραφείτε δωρεάν στο καθημερινό newsletter του insuranceworld.gr
I will never give away, trade or sell your email address. You can unsubscribe at any time.
German researchers in painful process to identify 1000 African skulls stolen out of Africa during colonial rule while Kenya faces more tensions as the elections body rejects key demands set by Raila Odinga's coalition.
We begin in Kenya, Standard says the National Super Alliance of Presidential candidate Raila Odinga is bracing for a showdown with the electoral commission after it became apparent that some of their demands set to take part in the re-run of the vote were rejected.
The paper reports that the Independent Electoral and Boundaries Commission (IEBC) has already placed an order with Al Ghurair for printing presidential ballot papers.
According to the paper, the commission has also inked a new agreement with OT-Morpho that will provide technology for purposes of the presidential elections.
This, despite the Raila Odinga's vow not to participate in the polls until all the demands were met.
Daily Nation leads with news that Germany researchers have launched a two-year study to determine the origins of more than 1,000 human skulls, taken from East Africa to Germany during the colonial era for racial "scientific" research.
According to the newspaper, the skulls were shipped by expedition forces around 1908, for the anthropologist Felix von Luschan, who was studying the development of humankind.
Bernhard Heeb, who is leading the research project, for the Prussian Cultural Heritage Foundation, told Daily Nation that the skulls were in "very poor condition" when they received them in 2011, adding that most paperwork documenting the skulls had been lost.
Heep is quoted as saying that 986 of the skulls are from Rwanda, forty-one from Tanzania, four from Burundi and 54 from unknown origins.
Daily Nation says that Kigali was unaware of the human remains until 2016, citing Rwanda's ambassador to Germany Igor Cesar as the source of the information..
And in South Africa, BusinessDay leads with the launch of the ruling ANC's nomination process ahead of the party's elective conference scheduled in December.
The paper says that the branches are spoilt for choice this time, with seven presidential hopefuls in a field, which includes ANC deputy president Cyril Ramaphosa, President Jacob Zuma's preferred successor, Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, and treasurer-general Zweli Mkhize.
The economic newspaper also underlines that the ANC's 4,300 branches are set to nominate individuals for the party's top six positions and its 80-member national executive committee and decide on whether the party should amend its constitution to include a second deputy president among other measures.
And in Nigeria, the papers celebrate a milestone in the country's march towards gender parity: the appointment of a woman as Deputy Governor of the country's Central bank.
The Daily Post reports that President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday forwarded the name of 40 year-old Aishah Ahmad to the Senate for confirmation so they can take over the post which has remained redundant since the retirement of the previous holder early this year.
Premium Times hails the appointment of the Aishah Ahmad, stating that they have been actively involved in banking at the top level for most part of the last 20 years, and was up to them their appointment executive director at Diamond Bank, one of Nigeria's largest financial banking institutions
Noted aviator and actor Harrison Ford flew their private plane over a jet airliner on the ground at a Southern California airport Monday. It's not the first time the Star Wars and Indiana Jones star has had problems landing.
The 74-year-old Ford was instructed to land on a runway at Orange County's John Wayne Airport but mistakenly landed on a parallel taxiway, passing over a Boeing 737 carrying 110 passengers and six crew members.
On a recording, Ford asked air traffic controllers, "Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?" according to NBC News, which first reported the incident.
Federal Aviation Administration spokesperson Ian Gregor said the pilot heard and read back the correct landing instructions, according to The Associated Press. Gregor did not confirm it was Ford who was piloting the plane, a single-engine Aviat Husky. The AP reports that they didn't say how close Ford's plane came to hitting the jet on the ground.
No one was injured and the jet, American Airlines Flight 1456, took off for Dallas shortly after without incident.
The FAA is now investigating, which "could result in a simple warning letter to a suspension of Ford's pilot's license," NBC reports.
Ford collects vintage planes and has been flying for decades. According to NPR's Russell Lewis, Ford is "a highly-skilled and highly-rated pilot. He's qualified to fly single and twin engine planes, seaplanes, helicopters and he's also an instrument-rated pilot." In 2015, Ford said they owned "eight or nine various types of airplanes," according to NTSB documents posted on AirSafe.com.
Ford reported on a medical certificate application that they had logged at least 5,200 flight hours, according to the NTSB.
They were a 2008 honoree and received the Legends Aviation Legacy Award from Kiddie Hawk Air Academy, and subsequently had an award named after him.
Ford was seriously injured in March 2015 when they crash-landed a restored World War II-era trainer plane on a golf course near the Santa Monica Airport shortly after takeoff. A National Transportation Safety Board report found the crash was caused by a loose engine part.
In 2000, Ford's plane "departed" a runway in Lincoln, Neb., because of a gust of wind, according to AirSafe.com. They were flying a Beechcraft Bonanza which "sustained minor damage," though Ford and their passenger were not injured.
And in 1999 they crash-landed a helicopter during a training flight in Ventura County, near Los Angeles, according to the AP. "Although the helicopter rolled over on its left side, neither Ford nor the instructor were injured," AirSafe.com notes.
Chicago's tab for open records lawsuits climbs dramatically
hello
CHICAGO -- The $670,000 the city of Chicago paid out in 2016 to settle lawsuits alleging violations of the state's open records law was nearly five times what it paid over the previous eight years.
The Chicago Tribune (http://trib.in/2iqoFyx ) reports that 19 of the 27 cases in which there were payouts last year involved the police department. The largest single payout was $97,500, stemming from the city's legal fight over a dashboard camera video of the fatal shooting of teenager Laquan McDonald by Officer Jason Van Dyke. A judge ultimately ordered the city to release the video.
The newspaper reports that Mayor Rahm Emanuel's administration still faces 54 open records lawsuits. The city's law department says it is working to improve how it handles open records requests.
___
Information from: Chicago Tribune, http://www.chicagotribune.com
ST. LOUIS — Fixing Matt Harvey is important to the Mets, but it hardly ranks as the team's primary goal.
So Harvey, in their new role as reliever, will be treated like any other member of the bullpen. In other words, the Mets will not create situations for Harvey to pitch just for the sake of getting them into a game. Likewise, there is no situation from which Harvey will be exempt, if the game dictates.
“This isn't about one person, it's about 25 guys and the whole organization, so we're going to do what we need to win games,” pitching coach Dave Eiland said before the Mets faced the Cardinals on Tuesday at Busch Stadium. “This isn't extended spring training, where we are going to pick and choose our spots to develop a guy. We are not trying to develop anything here, we are trying to win games.”
Harvey, who was informed Saturday of their removal from the rotation and shift to the bullpen, was available in relief for the first time on Tuesday. It came as part of a fully rested bullpen, following a rainout in Atlanta and scheduled off day.
And the Mets were confident Harvey's anger over losing their starting job had subsided enough that they were ready to embrace their new role. In four starts, Harvey was 0-2 with a 6.00 ERA.
see also The four-pitcher case for Mets fixing Matt Harvey would be the top bullet point. Mickey Callaway...
“We've had a lot of conversations, just they and I about the whole thing and he's taking it like a man,” manager Mickey Callaway said. “He wasn't excited about it, but he's going to go out there and do the job. When the time comes and we call their name, he's going to go out there and get the job done.”
Callaway noted the starting pitchers they mentored with the Indians who were sent to the bullpen — Trevor Bauer, Carlos Carrasco and Danny Salazar — initially resisted the move, as did Harvey.
“Nobody wants to come out of the starting rotation,” Callaway said. “It's a tough message. It's a tough thing to accept as a player, but they accepted it and he's going to get the job done.”
Eiland was asked if the transition will be more difficult mentally or physically for Harvey.
“That's the debate,” Eiland said. “If you're not right mentally you are not going to be right physically. You have to have the right mindset, and it's going to be different for Matt. It's going to be, they don't have the time to go in the training room and do all their prep work and the arm bands and the stretching and the long toss.
“When the phone rings he's got to get up and get it going. But we are going to be conscious of making sure they get enough time to get their arm loose. Just go out and compete.”
Ideally, Harvey's first relief appearance would come in a low-pressure spot in which he's allowed to pitch a full inning. The fact the Cardinals' lineup is stacked with right-handed hitters plays into that possibility.
“In a perfect world we want to give them enough time to warm up properly and maybe start their own inning,” Eiland said. “But if the game dictates, if we have to get them up and get them in the middle of an inning to snuff something out we will.”
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Norwegian's plans for new transatlantic routes to help shrink costs
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Alexander Radulov's postseason legacy seemed set.
Before this season — before becoming the most dominant player in the Canadiens' first-round playoff series against the Rangers — Radulov skated in the shadows of Russia for most of the past nine years, only playing nine games in the NHL since 2008.
But in their brief second stint in 2012 with the Predators, Radulov made the mistake their time in the NHL would be best remembered by.
On the night prior to Game 2 of the Predators' second-round series against Phoenix, Radulov broke curfew and was reportedly out drinking with teammate Andrei Kostitsyn until 5 a.m.
Radulov was suspended by the team, blasted by Nashville's general manager David Poile for being “selfish,” and didn't play in Games 3 and 4. After losing the series, Radulov was not re-signed, and returned to Russia.
Even after so many years, Canadiens general manager Marc Bergevin wondered if they were making a mistake by signing Radulov to a one-year contract this summer.
“It's a gamble, for sure,” Bergevin said after the signing. “I did the homework but, at the end of the day, it's still a gamble.”
The scratch-off ticket is already a winner, even without being fully revealed.
After scoring 54 points during the regular season, Radulov has been at their best in their return to the playoffs, recording five points over the past two games.
In Game 2, Radulov scored the overtime winner. In Game 3, the winger had an assist, and scored one of the best goals of the postseason, fighting off a defender with their body, while beating Henrik Lundqvist for a one-handed insurance goal in the third period.
“He still plays with a lot of energy and passion, the same way they did when they were younger, but he's matured as he's gotten older,” said teammate Shea Weber, who also played with Radulov in Nashville. “His work ethic has been the same. He's always worked hard since I've known him.”
Claude Julien has only been with Montreal for two months, but the coach is already impressed by the player who was defined for not prioritizing their team's success.
“He's a guy who really cares,” Julien said. “He doesn't care about anything but winning. He's hard on themselves because they want to help us win. But they have no issues on or off the ice.”
The postseason once stained Radulov's reputation, but their playoff legend may just be growing.
“When you get older, you start to realize some things and in the game it's the same thing,” Radulov said Sunday. “You made a mistake once, and you want to make sure you don't make it again. That's the point.”
DANIEL Ricciardo looks set to stay with Red Bull next season unless Formula One world champion Lewis Hamilton suddenly announces their retirement in the next few days, team boss Christian Horner has said.
The race-winning Australian, who turned 29 last Sunday, is out of contract at the end of the year and has been mulling their options for months.
They have had Mercedes and Ferrari in their sights but, despite potential vacancies at both teams, neither has seemed interested.
"We've now got to the point where there is a desire from both sides to continue the relationship," Horner told reporters at the Red Bull factory ahead of this weekend's British Grand Prix.
"So it's just a matter of now really going through the detail and coming to a conclusion, which will certainly be done prior to the summer (August) break."
With Mercedes winning the last four drivers' and constructors' championships, and trading the lead with Ferrari this year, Horner recognised the champions could have lured Ricciardo away.
Daniel Ricciardo gets into the zone
"I think that had Mercedes put a serious offer on the table, or an offer, they would have been potentially interested," the Briton said.
"He's impatient to try and challenge for a world title so I think they would have had their head turned in the event of a Mercedes or a Ferrari offer, but I think those two teams look pretty set where they are."
Prior to the Austrian Grand Prix it was reported the gun Aussie was on the verge of re-signing with Red Bull, but they quickly clarified their position.
"I still don't have an answer - not just for you but in my own mind as well," Ricciardo said.
"There are still ongoing discussions."
Ricciardo says contesting for world titles is their overriding priority for 2019 and beyond - but also wants their achievements to date to be recognised in their next deal.
"I said it from the start, the priority is to try and get a car that can win a world title because I really believe I can. So that's the first thing in my mind," they said.
"If there was absolutely no possibility then you look into other things, but I think as a driver I think I've done enough now … even Lewis (Hamilton) touched on it, and I didn't even need to really say it, your value as a driver is not 'X' amount of money it's just what you feel your value is and what you bring to the sport.
Red Bull look set to keep the band together for next season.
"I feel I hold a certain value so I just want to at least match that with my expectations and what also people value me as."
Mercedes is yet to confirm either of their drivers for 2019, but Hamilton is expected to agree to a lucrative new deal imminently and Finland's Valtteri Bottas is also expected to stay.
Ferrari has confirmed the spot of Ricciardo's former teammate Sebastian Vettel, a four-time world champion who is leading Hamilton by a single point ahead of Silverstone, and Monegasque rookie Charles Leclerc is favourite to replace Kimi Raikkonen.
Horner said Ricciardo suited Red Bull's brand image and was a popular member of a team set to trade Renault engines for Honda power next year.
Asked whether Ricciardo would get equal money to 20-year-old Dutch hotshot Max Verstappen, the winner in Austria last weekend, Horner said only that each had their own value.
"Obviously, one of the things they were waiting to understand was where we were going with engines as well. He's seen and understood the decision-making behind where we've gone," Horner said.
"Hopefully, the rest of it becomes a formality, unless Lewis announces their retirement at the British Grand Prix this weekend."
- with AAP
SPOKANE, Wash. (AP) – State Rep. Timm Ormsby, D-Spokane, has pleaded guilty to reckless driving for a February incident in which they lost control of their vehicle and rolled it into a neighbor's yard in Thurston County.
The 58-year-old Ormsby was initially charged with driving under the influence after tests showed their blood-alcohol content was between 0.11 and 0.09. The legal limit is 0.08.
The Spokesman-Review says that in exchange for the guilty plea, they received a fine of $941, two years of supervision and must meet with victims of DUI cases. They already completed alcohol treatment before entering the plea and lost their license for 90 days.
Ormsby, who has been in the Legislature since 2003, was headed home from a bar on the evening of Feb. 10 when the incident occurred.
—
Information from: The Spokesman-Review, http://www.spokesperson.com
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
by In
File Photo iStock/Thinkstock(LEONARDTOWN, Md.) — A military helicopter crashed at a golf course in Leondardtown, Maryland, a spokesperson for the Maryland State Police told ABC News.
The police are currently assisting with a medical evacuation following the incident.
This is a developing story. Please check back for updates.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Pakistan does not see India-US ties through any specific lens, the country's new envoy to the US said on Tuesday, asserting that every country can maintain multiple relationships with key partners.
Pakistan's Ambassador to the US Ali Jahangir Siddiqui cited Pakistan's relationships with China and the US as an example.
“I think every country can maintain multiple relationships with key partners. Pakistan, China, and the US are both key partners,” Siddiqui told Bloomberg News in an interview.
“Just as for India, I'm sure the Indian government has the US as a partner and several others. So we don't see the US relationship with India through any specific lens. And we hope our relationship with the US is also not viewed with some other lens,” Siddiqui said.
Responding to questions, Siddique underscored the economic potential of US-Pakistan relationship.
Pacific Management Investment Co. has chosen Austin, Texas, for a new office as the firm seeks to recruit tech talent and broaden marketing in the U.S.
The office will open later this year and is expected to expand to about 200 employees, mostly new hires, by 2019, according to two people with knowledge of the decision. A memo was circulated to Pimco employees Monday announcing the decision, said the people, who asked not to be identified. The Wall Street Journal reported earlier Tuesday that Austin was the winning city, beating Dallas and Denver.
Pimco sought the new location, its third in the U.S., mostly because of the high cost and competition for recruiting skilled technologists to its headquarters in Newport Beach, California, and its New York office, Chief Executive Officer Emmanuel “Manny” Roman said in an April 5 interview. Financial firms including Pimco and BlackRock Inc. are increasingly turning to advanced technology, such as artificial intelligence, for portfolio management, economic forecasting, client relations and other operations.
Roman cited Charles Schwab Corp. as a model of a financial firm that established a facility outside California to recruit technologists. Since 2013, Schwab has been developing office space in Phoenix, Denver, Austin and Dallas.
“We scrubbed the whole of the U.S. in terms of tech talent, location, airport, taxes, what have you,” Roman said during the interview in Newport Beach. “But the core of the firm is staying here.”
About half of the new office's employees will work in technology with others in marketing and wealth management, but not portfolio managers or traders, Roman said. Patrick Feigley, head of sales for U.S. global wealth management, will lead the office, the firm's 13th worldwide.
Pimco has trading floors at offices in Newport Beach, New York, London, Munich, Tokyo and Singapore with a new one opening in Hong Kong. It's relocating a Brazil office to São Paulo from Rio de Janeiro this year and has applied to open for business in Taiwan. The last new office Pimco opened was Rio in 2012.
The unit of German insurance firm Allianz SE oversaw $1.77 trillion in assets as of March 31.
During a Press Conference , Jason Kessler organizer of to Unite the Right rally was attack and spit on. They were helped up by the police and taken away. Later , man was charged with misdemeanor assault and battery for the attack.
On the last season of Broad City – still the best comedy you're not watching – leads Ilana Glazer and Abbi Jacobson made it a point to showcase their love for Hillary Clinton, who even made a cameo appearance on an episode in which Ilana decides to join their campaign.
But, as times have quickly changed, the show is taking a unique approach to acknowledging the Trump presidency — by not acknowledging it, sort of. Any time the president's is mentioned in dialogue, it will be bleeped out.
“We wrote being like, ‘Here we go! Hillary for president!' ” Glazer said to USA Today. But after “this game-show host became president of our country, we rewrote a lot.”
One particular episode's theme revolves around the idea that “a witch is really just a woman who's in touch with them womanhood.”
Glazer said, “Ilana's ‘powers' are decreasing during the current administration because it's just so hard to (orgasm) when you know so many people are in such danger. So Ilana works through their Trump-related (hang-up) and it's wild.”
But, they added, “There's no airtime for this orange (person). We bleep their name the whole season.”
A portion of a Las Vegas Metro police vehicle is shown in an undated image. (File/FOX5)
Las Vegas Metro police said a person's body was found while they responded to reports of gunshots heard in the northwest Las Vegas Valley on Monday.
A call of the incident came in just before noon in the 4900 block of Signal Drive, near Lone Mountain Road and Decatur Boulevard.
Police said residents were evacuated from the neighborhood after possible shots were fired while the constable's office served an eviction notice.
SWAT officers were called to the neighborhood, but they later left the area just after 4 p.m.
Police said the body was found when officers enter a residence. Investigators later confirmed the death was self-inflicted.
The constable was not injured, police said.
Stay with FOX5 and FOX5Vegas.com for developments.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
For a chance to win N3000 in recharge cards in the NB Daily recharge competitions, please review the video below and answer the simple question that followsThe winner and runners-up will be selected at 11pm tomorrow (16th February 2017). Winner and runners-up will be displayed here and also contacted by our competitions team to get their details.to read comments from previous winners. For list of previous winners, CLICK HERE Good luck to everyone
LEGASPI CITY—“Instead of an award, recognition or at least commendation, I am now the subject of persecution by the very organization...
CASSTOWN — Miami East High School has announced the names of its principal's list, high honor roll and honor roll students for the second quarter of the 2017-18 school year.
Freshmen
Principal's List — Andrew Bevan, Pamela Casner, Paetyn Greve, Kyle Kidman, Sophia Markley, Cyrena McAdams, Bridget Paton, Kara Riley, Dillon Taynor, Cody Webb, Lauren Wright.
High Honor Roll — Sarah Blocher, Anna Broerman, Cara Budd, Olivia Carpenter, Zebadiah Cornett, Daniel Davis, Leah Frazier, Cadence Gross, Morgan Hamby, Rori Hunley, Katlyn Jackson, Rachel Moran, Morgan Nosker, Cora Purves, Annie Richters, Riley Rush, Hunter Triplett, Isabella Waite, Matthew Wick.
Honor Roll — Arielle Barnes, Elizabeth Bennett, Adam Bensman, Steven Caudill, Abigail Covault, John Demmitt, Lanie Fields, Brayden Ingle, Caleb Lozano, Justin Maxwell, Meadow Powers, Rylee Puthoff, Camden Richter, James Sutherly, Cassidy Walker, Jonah Wolf
Sophomores
Principal's List — Jonah Brautigam, Alexander Callahan, Tyler Fetters, Gretchen Frock, Nichole Hood, Levi Marcum.
High Honor Roll — Emily Adkins, Paige Blauvelt, Kelsea Drake, Hunter Gross, Faith Hammond, Gabrielle Hawkins, Alex Hayes, James Horne, Sophia Jacomet, Kearsten Kirby, Aaron Lawrence, Paige Lawson, Keagan Mahan, David Osting, Neil Pohl, Katherine Pottorf, Jamie Rowley, Aiden Waite, Rylee Whitt.
Honor Roll — Michael Bair, Ethin Bendickson, Brendon Bertsch, Kelly Buck, Madison Calvert, Lauren Fisher, Brian Green, Korey Lauck, Angelique LeMaster, Nicholas LeValley, Annelise Logan, Alyssa Loughman, Daniel McCourt, Sylvia Mitchell, Josiah Oiler, Kirsten Overholser, Kaitlyn Rohrbach, Elizabeth Scott, Wyatt Selhorst, Tyler Stapleton, Chloee Thomas.
Juniors
Principal's List — Alyssa Anderson, Bailey Buck, Marie Cook, Julia Dickman, Gregory Fisher, Caitlyn Harris, Chloe Holicki, Ashlyn Monnin, Seth Redick, Erica Ritchea.
High Honor Roll — Andrew Austerman, Gregory Austerman, Elizabeth G. Bair, Alivia Bevan, Jacob Calvert, Sydney Chaney, Arianna Counts, Chelsea Cremeens, Brenden Dalton, Colt Frazier, Brennon Green, Whitley Gross, Morgan Haney, Robert Heim, Karli Jacobs, Devin Karnehm, Marissa Kearns, Amber Kinnison, Nicholas Kleiner, Maci Krites, Jarod Lay, Ivy LeMaster, Grace McCalister, Michael Miller, Samantha Moore, Savannah Nehring, Anna Puthoff, Braden Redick, Lance Rohrbach, Macie Schaffner, Caleb Snyder, Marie Staton, Brailyn Tarcea, Mackenzie Varady, Matthew Welker, Joshua Whitt, Sarah Williams, Alexander Zapadka.
Honor Roll — Kylie Blair, Justin Brown, Keagan Carsey, Jessica Copeland, Oliver Edmondson, Tabitha Fisher, Ian Gengler, Gavin Horne, William Hudson II, Zachery Kowalak, Javin Lipscomb, Gabrielle Lozano, Morgan Moreland, Madysen Osborne, Jacob Qvick, Jayna Randall, Adrianna Santellanes-Contini, Spencer Selhorst, Alexandria Shore, Dakota Smith, Emily Swindell, Ryan Teale, Seth Teeters, Emma Vallery, Vincent Villella, Laci Wells, Connor Wilson.
Seniors
Principal's List — Jacob Brown, Zachary Gordon, Logan Hayes, Stella Hazel, Erica Justice, Kaitlyn Mack, Christine Marlow, Emily Rowley, John Savini, Emily Thimmes
High Honor Roll — Hailey Baker, Devin Brower, Kathleen Christensen, LeeAnn Cook, Haley Demmitt, Bronte Flora, Taylor Frawley, Carynne Gross, Samantha Hawkins, Rachael Hodge, Abby Horne, Alexander Isbrandt, Dawson Kingrey, Katelynn Macy, Destiny McCourt, Cecelia Moore, Jonni Parker, Meredith Richters, Miranda Rike, Amber Robinson, Jack Runner, Mikayla Schaffner, Zane Strubler, Jackson Tucker, Mason Waite, Hailey Weaver, Lindsey Yingst
Honor Roll — Chaela Barnthouse, Taton Bertsch, Macy Fellers, Caitlin Fryman, Jacob Goins, Aelainia Harmon, Kyndall Hellyer, Dalton King, Bailey Miller, Madison Moore, Logan Poston, Graham Shore, Brandon Wilson
The children who live in Colp, Illinois, have never had a playground to play on.
For years, parents have had to drive their kids to surrounding communities to use those playgrounds. Because of the hard work of two community volunteers, all that is going to change.
Marcella Clark and Mary Ann Duncan have spent the past three years raising nearly $100,000 to build a playground in Colp.
"The 5 to 12 equipment is what we call desert oasis, and it has different departments on the equipment itself. They can slide. They can climb rope." said Duncan.
Clark is the heart behind the Colp neighborhood project. They have lived in Colp for over 70 years, and they raised all five of their children there. Now, they have 15 grandchildren and 10 great-grandchildren, and they say wants them to enjoy opportunities that their children were not able to when they were younger.
"I'll be able to walk them up there and let them enjoy the things their mother and father weren't able to enjoy, because they had to go to other surrounding areas to play on the playground" said Clark.
For most of the families in the community, driving the extra distance to visit playgrounds is not a luxury that they can afford.
"They don't have the vehicle or the whereabouts, and it's easier and more economical to be able to walk their children to play with other children " said Duncan.
The budget for the Colp Neighborhood Project is close to $100,000. Because of of fundraising, as well as donations from businesses and community members, the project has raised most of it, and construction will begin this week.
"We just had so many people that once we told them what we were trying to do, they said count me in," said Duncan.
The impact of the new playground will be deeper than just having a place for kids to play. Organizers say kids will learn valuable skills that will set them up for a bright future.
"It's to help their growth mentally physically, spiritually, and to get the families together. And that's a good start for them when they go to school" said Duncan.
If weather permits, the Colp Neighborhood Playground will be ready by the summer.
There will be barbecue fundraiser by Fin and Feathers around Easter.
The money from that fundraiser will be used to purchase security equipment and other items.
The Kansas Department of Health and Environment (KDHE) has rescinded a boil water
advisory for the Riverchase Mobile Home Park in Riley County. KDHE officials issued the advisory because of
positive bacteriological samples from the source water.
Public water suppliers in Kansas take all measures necessary to notify customers quickly after a system failure
or shutdown. Regardless of whether it's the supplier or KDHE that announces a boil water advisory, KDHE will
issue to rescind order following testing at a certified laboratory.
Laboratory testing samples collected from the Riverchase Mobile Home Park indicate no evidence of
contamination and all other conditions that placed the system at risk of contamination are deemed by KDHE
officials to be resolved.
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni...
SoftBank to acquire Fortress Investment Group for $3.3bn
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
If you have been thinking about making some kind of getaway this is the ideal time to get serious about it. You can get up and go any time you choose – all it takes is the guts to start and the resolve to continue. Start now!
by: Garret Heinrich (@GarretHeinrich)
The Houston Astros beat the Boston Red Sox 8-2 in game one of the American League Division Series on Thursday Afternoon. The game had plenty of fireworks with Jose Altuve hitting three home runs, Justin Verlander pitching well for six innings and a raucous crowd cheering from the end of the National Anthem until the final out was made.
The National Anthem was stirring with a huge American Flag and smaller Texas Flag displayed during Clay Walker's rendition. The Boston Herald, however, saw the pregame festivities a bit different. In their game notebook on BostonHerald.com Jason Mastrodonato noted that the Astros were honoring Puerto Rico during the National Anthem by flying their flag in the outfield.
“The Astros' pregame ceremonies included a large Puerto Rican flag draped over the field next to a bigger American flag to honor the United States territory that was devastated recently by a hurricane.”
That is the Texas Flag.
Mastrodonato also pointed out that George Springer waived the Puerto Rican flag when they stepped out of the dugout to be introduced.
“George Springer brought the Puerto Rican flag out with them when they were introduced and waved it back and forth to big applause.”
That also is the Texas Flag.
We know this is an honest mistake by Mastrodonato, and when they realize the mistake they will most certainly correct it and apologize. And no offense to Puerto Rico, which the Astros have helped out a lot since the Hurricane tore through there, but every American should know what the Texas flag looks like. And aside from having a star and the same colors, there is not much resemblance between the two.
It would have made more sense if they thought it was the Chile Flag. That would be okay. People use the Chile flag as the Texas flag with emojis all the time.
We'll see what country the Astros roll out on Friday for game two.
NEW YORK (AP) — Guillermo del Toro's Cold War-era fairytale “The Shape of Water” swam away with a leading seven nominations from the Golden Globes, while the HBO drama “Big Little Lies” led the television nominees with six nods.
The nominees for best picture drama are: “Call Me By Your Name,” `'Dunkirk,” `'The Post,” The Shape of Water” and “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri.”
The nominees for best picture comedy or musical are: “The Disaster Artist,” “Get Out,” “Lady Bird,” “The Greatest Showman,” and “I, Tonya.”
The Globes are the most prominent platform yet in Hollywood's awards season to confront the post-Harvey Weinstein landscape. Among the supporting actor nominees is Christopher Plummer, who has replaced Kevin Spacey in Ridley Scott's “All the Money in the World.” Scott, too, was nominated for best director.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Get Free Email Updates!
Εγγραφείτε δωρεάν στο καθημερινό newsletter του insuranceworld.gr
I will never give away, trade or sell your email address. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Saroj Khan's ILLOGICAL statement on Casting couch; Watch video | FilmiBeat
Saroj Khan is in hot soup over their controversial statements defending casting couch by saying that taking advantage of a girl has been happening since "Baba Adam's time," and stated that the culture of casting couch is that is does not rape a girl, but gives a girl a job after it's done and makes their life better. The choreographer joined a panel of members on a news channel during a debate and defended casting couch by saying,
"Can I tell you one thing? This has been going on since the beginning of time. It hasn't started now. Someone or the other tries to take advantage of every other girl. The government's people do it too. Then why are you after the film industry? It provides livelihood at least. Does not rape and leave you. It depends upon the girl, what they want to do. If you don't want to fall in wrong hands, you won't. If you have art, then why would you sell yourself? Don't take film industry's name, it is everything for us."
Saroj Khan's Weird Statement! So as per Saroj Khan, if an actor wants to earn a livelihood, they have to come to terms with the film-makers sexual demands and it "depends upon the girl, what they want to do." It's like a choice to choose from! Saroj Khan Has Let People Down Saroj Khan is a well respected name in Bollywood and their irresponsible statements on casting couch has left a lot of people down. Afraid To Take Names Though a few actores have spoken out about their experiences of the casting couch, not a single one of them went ahead and revealed their names out of fear that they might not get an opportunity in Bollywood ever again. Spur Of The Moment? We're not sure if Saroj Khan said these controversial statements in the spur of the moment, as television panel debates do make a person speak weird things when the debates get heated up and intense.
While expecting an "interesting" conclusion to this season's Premier League, Eamon Dunphy is backing Antonio Conte to steer their Chelsea side to the title.
Tottenham's win over Bornemouth, coupled with Chlesea's loss at Manchester United, now sees four points separate these London rivals at the top of the table.
Reflecting on the game at Old Trafford, Dunphy felt that the league leaders were second best throughout.
"I thought Chelsea would win when United didn't start Ibrahimovic but Rashford was outstanding and Herrara did a great man-marking job on Hazard.
"I thought for 90 minutes it was the most inspiring performance by United since Ferguson left.
"You could say Chelsea were missing Thibaut Courtois and Marcos Alonso, so they had to rearrange their side, but that's no excuse.
"Everyone thought that the league was a done deal on the assumption that they would not lose yesterday.
"The momentum is now with Tottenham. They are playing well, they have plenty of power and pace in their team. They have Harry Kane and Dele Alli scoring goals and have the best defence in Europe.
"It's going to be an interesting finish but I still think Chelsea will do it."
Dunphy's faith in the Stamford Bridge club is based on their belief that their fifth loss of the campaign and the performance they put in may be a "one-off".
Crucially, they also feel that boss Conte can refocus their charges, particularly Diego Costa, in the remaining games.
"What's coming up is a big test for the manager - the biggest test for Conte since they lost at home to Liverpool and Arsenal gave them a hiding earlier in the season.
"They have two games coming that on paper are tricky – home to Southampton and away to Everton. If they can win them they should be fine.
"However, they reset the team. They need Courtois back in goals, but I fancy Conte to get the job done and get their players minds back on the job."
It's a task not made any easier when the RTÉ pundit references the current attitude of Costa.
He's not playing, he's getting involved in physical altercations, throwing themselves on the ground and kicking people," added Dunphy.
"He's doing everything except what they should be doing. He's obviously been tapped to go, possibly to China. They said he's unhappy in London.
"He really has downed tools.  They are their main weapon up front. If he's not doing their stuff, then it's very, very difficult for Chelsea to get the goals they need and to impose themselves on the game.
"Conte has got a few days to Costa's head right and if they don't, well it could be game on, but If I was having a bet I'll stick with Chelsea."
IGB has unveiled Paddy Power as the new sponsor for the 2015 Fair Warrior Open Sprint Stake in Mullingar. The event begins on Saturday 26th of September with the Final on Sunday October 19th. The prize money is €11,000 with €5,000 to the winner.
According to Geraldine Larkin, CEO IGB, “This is an exciting development and we are delighted to have the backing of a global brand like Paddy Power for one of our sport's top sprint events. The support of Paddy Power we hope will demonstrate to other potential sponsors the benefits that are available as a result of engagement with greyhound racing.”
Paddy Power, Director of Communications of Paddy Power stated that “ the sponsorship of The Fair Warrior will help ensure top class racing for race goers and for our customers. We believe this is a worthwhile opportunity to support Irish Greyhound Racing and particularly Mullingar Greyhound Stadium in this instance.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
NEW YORK (CBSMiami/CNN) – A potentially scary situation unfolding on one of the nation's most famous landmarks during Independence Day.
A woman has climbed the base of the Statue of Liberty and seven people have been arrested on Liberty Island, all of whom are believed to be protesters, law enforcement sources told CNN.
At one point, the woman walked back and forth under Lady Liberty's sandal and then sat down and appeared to unfurl a small flag or banner. The other protesters held a banner over the railing at the base of the statue.
Law enforcement officials were seen mounting a ladder to the base of the statue and talking to the woman, who was sitting in the folds of the statue's gown.
The NYPD is building a rope rescue system to help bring the woman down from the base, because officers don't believe they will come down on their own, a police source told CNN.
Liberty Island has been evacuated while they attempt to get them down, according to Jerry Willis with the National Park Service.
The NYPD says three of its emergency service units and a harbor unit are on scene.
(© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company, contributed to this report)
The new deal gives women in the industry a maternity package that few outside of Silicon Valley can currently access.
The membership of the 130,000-strong Ironworkers union is an overwhelmingly male crowd, but the approximately 2,100 women just won a benefit that would be prized by working women across the country: Six months of paid maternity leave. The leave, designed to be taken prior to delivery, complements six to eight weeks of post-delivery leave. "The challenges of physical work associated with the ironworking trade create unique health challenges that can jeopardize a pregnancy," the union said in a statement announcing the benefit, noting that paid maternity leave "is virtually unheard of in the building trades." The numbers put maternity leave for iron working women on par with corporate employees at tech companies like Etsy, Adobe, Spotify and Cisco. Netflix and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation are among the only companies that offer workers more paid parental leave, according to data gathered by Care@Work, which specializes in family benefits. Bill Brown, CEO of Ben Hur Construction Co., called the benefit "an investment, because we want our well-trained ironworker women to come back to work."
Using back-of-the-envelope calculations, Brown estimated that training a new ironworker costs $32,000 over the course of a four-year apprenticeship, during which time the workers are also paid regular salaries. "So when you add payroll to 32K a year, and you lose a woman worker, you're out more than 32K," they said. "Then you have to train another person to take their place, so it's a 64K proposition if you lose one female apprentice. "To protect our investment, if we wanted women to stay in our industry, we had to do something." Brown acts as co-chair of the Iron Workers labor-management working group, which came up with the plan for six months of paid leave along with Iron Workers General President Eric Dean. Dean said they believe the benefit is the first of its kind in the building industry, but that they hope it will be a model for others. The working group began talking about maternity benefits when looking into why such a high number of women were leaving the workforce for other professions. "We've always had women, but never had an abundance of women," Dean said. "And many of them were leaving the industry after we spent an inordinate amount of time training them."
While attending an industry conference focused on women in the profession, Dean heard a woman recount their decision to continue showing up to a job-site months into their pregnancy — "because if you don't stay at the job-site, you don't get a check, and if you don't get a check, you don't get coverage," they said. Despite keeping their health coverage, the woman had a miscarriage. "It was a heartfelt moment in the room," Dean recalled. "Everyone's stomach dropped, like someone had gut-punched you." But the motivation for providing leave wasn't only medical. Both public and private employers "are insisting that the workforce on the construction site replicate the workforce in the community," Brown said. "And so we needed a more diverse workforce to satisfy new hiring requirements for minorities, women, and veterans." Contractors who fail to hire a certain percentage of women could sometimes face financial penalties, adding further incentive to the union and contractors' agreement. "It's socially the right thing to do," they said, "but it's not a bad business proposition either."
GAINESVILLE, Fla. — Florida guard Jalen Hudson, the team's leading scorer last season, will return to school for their senior year.
Coach Mike White says the 22-year-old Hudson delivered the news Tuesday after talking with their family.
Hudson declared for the NBA draft in late March, but didn't hire an agent and left open the possibility of staying in school. Hudson wasn't invited to the NBA Combine and was told they wouldn't get drafted.
The 6-foot-6 Hudson averaged 15.5 points in their first season playing for the Gators. They transferred to Florida in 2016 after two years at Virginia Tech, where they averaged 7.7 points.
Pulitzer Prize winning poet Tracy K. Smith, has been named the Library of Congress' new poet laureate, the nation's highest honor in that field.
Smith joins other luminaries in poetry who have held the position including African American, Rita Dove, and most recently, Juan Felipe Herrera.
According to the New York Times, Smith, 45, said they planned to use the position to be an evangelist of sorts, taking poetry to places that often don't see or experience it.
“I'm very excited about the opportunity to take what I consider to be the good news of poetry to parts of the country where literary festivals don't always go,” they said. “Poetry is something that's relevant to everyone's life, whether they're habitual readers of poetry or not.”
Smith is the 22nd poet to take on the position, which dates to 1937.
They graduated from Harvard with a degree in English and Afro-American studies. They received their M.F.A. from Columbia University and published their first collection, “The Body's Question,” in 2003.
 They are currently the director of the creative writing program at Princeton University, and has been working on a libretto for an opera composed by Gregory Spears, about the legacy of slavery in the South.
History is also a recurring theme in their forthcoming collection, Wade in the Water, which Graywolf Press will release next spring.
SOURCE: The New York Times
SEE ALSO:
Black Playwright, Poet, Novelist And Critic All Win 2017 Pulitzer Prizes
Student Poets Strike A Chord With Michelle Obama
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — North Carolina State didn't squander the surge from an emotional rivalry win. The Wolfpack just had to wait a week to prove it.
Torin Dorn scored 21 points to help N.C. State beat Notre Dame 76-58 on Saturday, a win that came after an extended break following last weekend's overtime win at then-No. 10 North Carolina.
There was no sign of a hangover, rust or anything else. Instead, Dorn and the rest of their Wolfpack teammates were simply dominant.
“I think it's a statement to our focus,” Dorn said. “We've been a really focused group and this week we've been able to focus on some things to help us not come out lax and lazy since we beat Carolina and had a big win.
“Every game is important in the ACC, so you've got to be able to turn the page from one to the next.”
Coach Kevin Keatts said it was “a scary week for me” because they would've preferred to keep playing after the Wolfpack's 95-91 win in Chapel Hill that included the team hitting 15 of 30 3-pointers. But they also said the time to regroup with two days off followed by extra time to refine things in practice helped by Saturday.
The Wolfpack claimed a 38-26 rebounding advantage and scored 21 points off turnovers. It amounted to a complete reversal of a 30-point loss to Notre Dame exactly one month earlier, down to the symmetry of N.C. State leading by 30 with 8½ minutes left.
“Give these guys credit,” Keatts said. “What a turnaround that we've had.”
Matt Farrell scored 16 points for the Fighting Irish (13-10, 3-7) after missing the past two games with a lingering ankle injury. Notre Dame fell behind 9-0 in the opening minutes and trailed by 19 in the first half on the way to a seventh straight loss.
“We just couldn't get anything going early in the game and then you're digging out of a hole the whole time,” Irish coach Mike Brey said. “I think they have a great vibe about them, and we don't.”
BIG PICTURE
Notre Dame: The Irish have been just trying to stay afloat with preseason Associated Press All-American Bonzie Colson roughly halfway through a projected eight-week recovery from a broken left foot. But they haven't won a game in nearly a month. Worse, while the first five losses were all by single-digit margins, the past two — both in the state of North Carolina with Tuesday's 22-point loss at Duke — have ended with ugly scores.
“They're hanging in there,” Brey said. “When you have older guys sometimes they panic less. We are where we are in this thing. I'm very realistic. … We just try to get them back and see if we can play better at home.”
N.C. State: N.C. State played with a free-flowing confidence. It's a good sign for a team trying to play its way into NCAA Tournament contention, both for the turnaround from the 88-58 road loss to the Irish and the maturity to follow an emotional rivalry win and week off with this type of response.
ABU'S DAY
Wolfpack senior forward Abdul-Malik Abu shook loose from their struggles for an afternoon with eight points and five rebounds in a season-high 30 minutes.
Abu — who had averaged 12.3 points over the past two seasons — had been averaging 4.0 points in league play and seen their minutes dwindle amid foul trouble and defensive mistakes. Keatts said getting Abu back to form would provide “another dimension.”
“He had a great week of practice,” Keatts said. “He was very active, they were chasing the basketball down, they were great on the defensive end, they were getting rebounds. So I wanted to play them 30 minutes.”
UP NEXT
Notre Dame: The Fighting Irish host Boston College on Tuesday night.
N.C. State: Virginia Tech hosts the Wolfpack on Wednesday night in another matchup of teams trying to improve their NCAA Tournament chances.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) – Portland's tallest building is being sold.
The Oregonian/OregonLive reports that Wells Fargo announced Wednesday it is selling the Wells Fargo Center and will lease back some office space.
Completed in 1973, the skyscraper is 546-feet tall – 10 feet higher than the U.S. Bancorp Tower.
Wells Fargo said the sale is part of a strategic realignment of real estate.
Downtown real estate has grown increasingly valuable in recent years as tech companies and others move from the suburbs into Portland's core.
By Reporter staff
If you spend time in the woods, chances are you'll stumble upon an old cellar hole, stone wall or agricultural implement rusting among the trees. These cultural artifacts are striking and speak to the strange and fascinating history of European settlement in Vermont, which is intertwined with the history of our forests. The history of how this came to be is a story of settlement, war and mania.
When Napoleon invaded Spain in 1808, the ensuing chaos allowed some of Spain's prized merino sheep to be exported. William Jarvis, the U.S. consul to Portugal, acquired some of these sheep and introduced a large flock of them onto their Weathersfield, Vt. farm in 1811.
Wool from merino sheep was much higher in quality, and produced more abundantly, than wool from other breeds. U.S. export markets bbegan to boom, and tariffs prevented the importation of wool into the county. This initiated “merino mania” throughout New England in the decade following Jarvis' introduction, when merino wool sold for up to $2 a pound ($.37 a pound was the going rate for wool from other breeds.) While some areas of Vermont were already cleared for agriculture and settlement, clearing for sheep pasture during this time caused the amount of open land to reach about 80 percent of the state by the mid-1800s. By 1837, there were up to 1.7 million sheep in Vermont and around 4 million in New England.
The wool industry declined in the 1840s, when prices dropped due to a glut of supply, wool production picked up in the west and overseas and importation tariffs were lifted. Many farms switched to production of dairy and other commodities and abandoned some of their pastureland. These pastures began to revert to forest, gradually increasing the amount of forested land over the following century. The final blow to numerous farmers came with the Great Depression, when many who held on through the boom and bust of the 1800s finally gave up. From the 1930s-'60s, huge areas of farmland were abandoned. Many of Vermont's forests originated from pastures “let go” during this time.
Fields are not ideal seedbeds for most of our native tree species, so these pastures tended to be colonized by white pine, a species that does well in these conditions. The resulting “field pine” stands are often poor in quality, with a pair of invasive pathogens, white pine weevil and blister rust, contributing to their woes. Even once the pine has died or been removed, the effect of the clearing lingers; in many cases, it takes at least two generations of trees before these areas begin to regain the appearance of native forest, though thoughtful, active forest management can expedite this process somewhat.
These field-origin forests are generally relatively poor wildlife habitat, lacking structural diversity (trees of different ages and heights) and species diversity (many different tree species). They also often lack downed trees and woody material on the forest floor, which is important for wildlife habitat, erosion prevention, carbon storage and soil building. They are also prime habitat for invasive exotic plant species. These shortcomings can be addressed with high-quality forest management, but they still amount to significant problems across the landscape, due to the ubiquitous nature of these field-origin stands.
The next time you take a walk in the woods, see if you can imagine what it was like in the 1830s, when millions of merino sheep grazed these rocky hills. The complicated relationship between humans and forests continues to evolve, but we are blessed with the gift of hindsight, which allows us to examine our past management practices critically. Hopefully we can use this knowledge to not only enrich our time in the woods, but to make better management decisions in the future.
For those who are interested in learning more, check out “Reading the Forest Landscape” by Tom Wessels, a Vermont naturalist and author.
Ethan Tapper is the Chittenden County forester. They can be reached at their office at 111 West St. in Essex Jct., at 585-9099 or at ethan.tapper@vermont.gov.
Authorities say the Rev. Paul Wancura, 87, was left tied up for days in their Shelter Island home. ABC 7
Photo illustration by Slate. Photo by Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post via Getty Images.
This weekend's big game is a chance for Americans to enjoy the best of football: offensive skill, defensive dedication, and impressive backup dancing during halftime.
But what you won't see is any codebreaking—presumably to the disappointment of the National Security Agency employee who once predicted (sort of) that cryptography would dominate football by 1999.
From 1974 to 1997, the NSA published a staff magazine called Cryptolog that was intended to help the expanding staff at the agency exchange ideas with one another. One editor described it as “a mix of technical, expository, philosophical, futuristic, argumentative and historical articles.” The NSA declassified all of the issues in 2013, though some content was blacked out in the released copies, still sensitive after a quarter-century.
Alongside commentary about the Soviet Union and some complicated-looking puzzles, the January 1976 issue contained a tongue-in-cheek article titled “Football & Cryptology.” The author's name is still classified, but given that headline, it's reasonable to assume that whoever wrote it was an NSA codebreaker.
The piece starts off straightforwardly enough. Our anonymous author is interested in what could happen to football if radios were embedded in helmets to allow coaches to communicate with their players. (So far, so good!) Obviously coaches would want to eavesdrop on one another's radio signals, the NSA codebreaker writes, which in turn would make communication security a coaching priority. And the best way to ensure security over a public channel, like radio waves across a football field, is to scramble the communications using encryption.
The NSA commentator follows this train of thought to its extreme conclusion and makes a series of increasingly elaborate predictions for how this gridiron cryptowar would play out.
Within three years of helmet radio receivers, the author imagines, most teams will hire mathematicians to make and break new ciphers. One team will pioneer the no-huddle offense after adopting uniforms that are a “combination of medieval armor and space suit” and can deliver oxygen, Gatorade, and pure adrenaline to players. Within 10 years, “the cryptologic aspects of football [will] become at least as important as the play itself,” and cryptologists will command salaries on par with the players. Breakthroughs in neuroscience will lead to connecting receivers directly into players' brains. Within 25 years, “the whole point of the game [will be] cryptanalysis,” and unpredictable human players will be entirely replaced by robots. Newspaper sports pages will replace athletic commentary with cryptanalytic commentary. The yearly NFL draft will pick mathematicians, rather than players, for contracts running to tens of millions of dollars.
Today, the article is ridiculous (and funny), but not in the way the writer likely intended. In 1976, encryption technology was impractical. Any two people wanting to exchange an encrypted message had to agree beforehand on the secret key they would use to encrypt and decrypt their data, and strong ciphers required expensive machines. Encryption was used mostly by governments and large banks whose secrecy needs warranted the necessary massive investment. At the time, the absurdity of this article was in applying the day-to-day business of the NSA to the realm of sports. Why would football need to spend the same resources on advanced technology that the government spent on national security?
A few months after the crypto-football article, two computer scientists published a paper that described a new method of encryption in which the two parties wouldn't have to exchange their secret key ahead of time. This public-key encryption, together with faster computers, enabled the creation of secure internet browsing. If used correctly, public-key encryption is very unlikely to be broken even by dedicated codebreakers. It worried the NSA so much that the agency tried to intimidate the academic researchers who worked on it. It failed.
So by the time the NFL finally allowed helmet radio receivers for quarterbacks in 1994, anyone could use NSA-grade encryption. Football teams didn't need codebreakers, although they still worried about communication security. In 2008, the NFL claimed its headset system employed “268 million different encryption codes” for scrambling communications, though what exactly that meant isn't clear. Malicious hackers have also started targeting all sorts of organizations, including professional sports teams, to steal data and disrupt operations. The investment necessary for information security has plummeted while the need for it has increased. Now, it seems obvious that the NFL might care about radio encryption, but it's laughable that it would need to hire world-class cryptographers.
Coaches in football and plenty of other sports have employed basic encryption methods for decades, disguising play calls in cryptic hand signals and printed signs held on the sidelines. The 2007 Patriots videotape spying scandal highlighted the weaknesses of this system and pushed the NFL to allow defensive players to don headsets the following year.
Because headset technology is similar to that used for other wireless communications like cellphones, frequency jammers could theoretically interfere with signals. Angry coaches have made plenty of accusations over the years after game-time communications problems, though no tampering has ever been proven. The NFL switched its radio transmission system from analog to digital in 2012, which it claimed improved sound quality in the headsets. This switch also cut down on frequency mishaps, like the case of the San Francisco 49ers headsets picking up pilot chatter.
Although robot football and high-dollar math drafts haven't quite materialized, encryption has become even more ubiquitous than our cryptologist predicted, securing not just play calls in football but everything from text messages to bank transactions. Cryptography may have spread beyond the walls of the NSA, but there's no chance it will push football out of the cultural spotlight anytime soon.
One more thing You depend on Slate for sharp, distinctive coverage of the latest developments in politics and culture. Now we need to ask for your support. Our work is more urgent than ever and is reaching more readers—but online advertising revenues don't fully cover our costs, and we don't have print subscribers to help keep us afloat. So we need your help. If you think Slate's work matters, become a Slate Plus member. You'll get exclusive members-only content and a suite of great benefits—and you'll help secure Slate's future. Join Slate Plus
Well this is weird. Question: if a toilet gets clogged, what's the first solution that typically pops into your head? Probably using a plunger, right? And, let's just say you didn't have one, what would you do? Maybe buy one, right? Not if you're this Cleveland, Texas woman. They tried to save a few bucks and decided to un-clog the toilet herself…with their hand, according to ViralHog. They could've even called a plumber for the proper assistance but they didn't.
From first glance, it looks like she's trying to save something from being flushed away. Unfortunately, the toilet would not let them go. Luckily the police was there to save them and turn this crappy day upside down!
The BEST dating apps for finding LOVE include…
A new study analyzed the language in more than 100,000 reviews of different dating apps to figure out the best ones for finding love.
The top six apps for finding a real relationship are: Them . . . Fem . . . Happn . . . Scruff . . . OKCupid . . . and CoffeeMeets Bagel.
Oddly enough, these apps are also the BEST for “hooking up”.
Click Here to see more.
Melodie Loya, 13, from Bainbridge, N.Y., right, hugs Tara Singh, 13, from Louisville, Ky., left, after Tara received their medal to advance to the final round of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Oxon Hill, Md., Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Tara is also advancing to the final round. Carolyn Kaster AP Photo
By Radio.com Staff
Thomas Rhett's new record will feature a duet with pop star Selena Gomez.
Related: Thomas Rhett and Wife Announce Double Baby Surprise
“I took all of January and made album three, Rhett explains. “We cut 22 songs, which is way too many songs, and I think the next few months is going to be singing all those, getting them all mixed and then trying to narrow down which ones are the keepers.”
In addition to Gomez, the new album features an appearance by Rhett's father Rhett Akins, and Maren Morris, their duet partner on their current single “Craving You.”
BEIRUT (AP) — Turkey said eight of its troops were killed Saturday in Ankara's military operation against a Syrian Kurdish militia, the deadliest day in the two-week-old offensive in the enclave of Afrin, while in another part of Syria, al-Qaida-linked militants downed a Russian fighter jet, then shot and killed the pilot.
In a statement late Saturday, the Turkish military said five soldiers were killed after their tank in Syria came under attack near Afrin. The soldiers could not be saved despite all attempts, it said.
Earlier in the day, three Turkish soldiers were reported killed in the Afrin offensive — one was killed in the area of the tank attack, another in northern Syria and the third on the Turkish side of the border in what Ankara said was an attack by Syrian Kurdish militiamen.
The total death toll for Turkish troops since the operation, codenamed Olive Branch, started on Jan. 20 now stands at 13.
Turkey launched the incursion into Afrin to rout the U.S.-backed Syrian Kurdish militia, known as the People's Protection Units or YPG, which it considers to be a terrorist organization and an extension of Kurdish insurgents fighting within Turkey.
From Istanbul, Turkish presidential spokesperson, Ibrahim Kalin, said Turkey will not tolerate the presence of the YPG “anywhere” along its southern border, hinting that Ankara might expand the Afrin operation eastward. Turkey's first demand is to see the YPG move east of the Euphrates River and leave the town of Manbij, where American troops backing the Syrian Kurdish fighters are stationed, Kalin said.
They called on the United States to “disengage” from the YPG and said Turkey will continue communications with “our American allies to avoid any confrontation.”
Turkey shares a 911-kilometer border with Syria. The YPG controls much of the territory along the border and an uninterrupted strip from Manbij to the Iraqi border.
Meanwhile, in the embattled northwestern province of Idlib, al-Qaida-linked militants said they downed a Russian fighter jet and killed its pilot after they ejected from the plane and landed on the ground.
The pilot resisted being captured and fired at the militants who then shot and killed him, according to one of the militants and Syrian monitors.
The Russian Defense Ministry confirmed the downing of the Su-25 and said the pilot was killed in fighting with “terrorists.” A report on the ministry's Zvezda TV said preliminary information indicated the plane was shot by a portable ground-to-air missile in an area under control of al-Qaida's branch in Syria.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the plane was downed near the rebel-held town of Saraqeb, which Syrian troops have been trying to take under the cover of Russian airstrikes.
Russia is a key ally of President Bashar Assad, and has been waging a military campaign on behalf of their forces since 2015. Since then, Syrian troops have captured wide parts of the country and in recent weeks have been making advances in Idlib. The province is also a base for al-Qaida's branch in Syria and other Islamic groups.
A Syrian militant in the area told The Associated Press that the Russian pilot was shot and killed when they resisted capture. The pilot opened fire from their pistol as the militants were trying to seize him, said the militant, who refused to be identified by their real name because was not authorized to speak to the media.
A video circulating on social media shows a lifeless body of a man, their face stained with blood, as bearded gunmen stand around him. One of the armed men shouts: “He is Russian.” The authenticity of the video could not be independently confirmed but it corresponded to events reported by the AP.
Earlier in the day, the Observatory and the media arm of al-Qaida-linked militants reported intense airstrikes in Idlib. The Observatory reported more than 35 airstrikes on Saraqeb since late Friday, adding that many of its residents are fleeing.
The Ibaa News Agency of the al-Qaida-linked Levant Liberation Committee, said Russian and Syrian warplanes and helicopter gunships have been pounding Saraqeb and the village of Tel Mardeekh in Idlib since the early hours of Saturday.
The agency later quoted militant commander Mahmoud al-Turkmani as saying that anti-aircraft weapons were sent to al-Qaida's fighters in the Saraqeb area after airstrikes intensified this week. They warned that Russian warplanes will not pass through Syrian airspace without “paying a price.”
Syria's state news agency, SANA, said Syrian troops captured the village of Maasaran as well as the Tel Tokan hill, cutting links between Saraqeb and the rebel stronghold of Maarest al-Numan to the south.
Syrian government forces and their allies launched a push into Idlib six weeks ago, inching closer to a key highway that connects Syria's two largest cities, Damascus and Aleppo.
The U.N. says more than 270,000 people have been displaced in Idlib because of the government onslaught since Dec. 15.
Also Saturday, Syria's Foreign Ministry has dismissed as “null and void” U.S. accusations that Assad's government is producing and using “new kinds of weapons” to deliver deadly chemicals despite committing to abolish its program in 2013.
The American statements are “nothing more than lies” based on accounts of what the Trump administration called its partners on ground, the ministry said. It also said reports by Western-backed media outlets about Damascus using chemical weapons were “a new version of U.S. and Western desperate intentions to create” an excuse to attack Syria.
President Donald Trump has not ruled out additional military action to deter attacks or punish Assad, administration officials said earlier this week, although they did not suggest any action was imminent.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
NEW YORK (CBSMiami/AP) — The latest development in the downward spiral of a company that is named an accused rapist.
The Weinstein Co. has filed for bankruptcy protection with a buyout offer in hand from a private equity firm, the latest twist in its efforts to survive the sexual misconduct scandal that brought down co-founder Harvey Weinstein.
The company also announced on Monday that it was releasing any victims of or witnesses to Weinstein's alleged misconduct from any non-disclosure agreement that would prevent them from speaking out.
In a statement, the company says it “expressly releases any confidentiality provision” to the extent that it has prevented anyone who “suffered or witnessed” any form of misconduct by Weinstein from telling their stories.
The Weinstein Co. says it has entered into a sale agreement with Lantern Capital Partners, subject to approval by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Delaware.
(© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
C.M. Guerrero/Miami Herald/TNS via Getty Images(MIAMI) — Students and faculty of Florida International University returned to their Miami campus from spring break on Monday and held a moment of silence to honor the six people killed in the collapse of a pedestrian bridge as lawyers for a man injured in the calamity filed a lawsuit
The moment of silence was held at 1:47 p.m., the exact time the 950-ton span that was being built to connect FIU to neighboring community of Sweetwater came crashing down on cars on Thursday.
Several hundred students and faculty, including FIU President Mark Rosenberg, joined hands in front of the school's Graham Center, where the school flag and the state flag were lowered to half-mast.
The ceremony honored the people killed, including Alexa Duran, an 18-year-old student at FIU. Others who died were Brandon Brownfield, 39; Oswald Gonzalez, 57; Alberto Arias, 54; Rolando Fraga Hernandez, 60; and Navarro Brown, 37.
Five of the victims died when the 174-foot-long prefabricated section of the bridge collapsed on top of their vehicles as they were waiting under the span, which had just been put into place a few days earlier, for a traffic light to change, officials said. Brown was removed from the rubble alive, but later died at a hospital.
Meanwhile, lawyers for one of the people injured in the bridge failure filed a lawsuit in Miami-Dade County Circuit Court charging the five companies involved in the construction, oversight and design of the bridge with reckless negligence.
Orlando attorney Matt Morgan filed the lawsuit on behalf of Marquise Hepburn, 24, who suffered significant injuries in the catastrophe.
Hepburn, according to the suit, was heading to work, riding a bicycle under the bridge on Southwest Eighth Street when the span gave way and they were hit by a vehicle that veered into him.
Hepburn, “like many other unsuspecting victims, was simply performing ordinary activities and like many other victims of this horrific event was simply passing under the bridge without warning of increased danger,” the lawsuit reads.
The suit claims the roadway beneath the bridge should have been closed to traffic at the time of the collapse.
The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating the disaster, but has yet to determine what caused the collapse.
On Friday, NTSB investigator Robert Accetta said work crews were applying post-tensioning force on the bridge support cables when the span fell down, but investigators aren't sure if that's what caused the bridge to fall.
Officials also said Friday that an engineer left a voicemail with the Florida Department of Transportation two days before the bridge collapsed, reporting that cracks had been found at one end of the concrete span. The voicemail wasn't picked up until after the collapse, however. NTSB officials are investigating the report, but said it's not clear if cracks contributed to the bridge's catastrophic failure.
“If there's a crack in the bridge why is the motoring public still able to travel under the bridge? That's a fundamental question that needs to be answered in this case,” Morgan said during a news conference Monday.
Among the companies named in the suit is FIGG Bridge Engineers, Inc., which designed the bridge, and Munilla Construction Management, which was responsible for building it.
FIGG said in a statement: “We are aware that a lawsuit has been announced regarding the pedestrian bridge accident. Our priority focus continues to place sympathies for the victims at the forefront of our thoughts. FIGG Bridge Engineers will work diligently with authorized investigators in an earnest ongoing effort to determine what led to the accident and what can be done to ensure that nothing like it happens again.”
Munilla Construction did not respond to a request from ABC News for comment, but a message on the company's answering machine, said, in part, “We are all devastated and are doing everything we can to assist. We will conduct a full investigation and will cooperate in every way.”
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
The government will soon begin to lose money on student loans as more people sign up for loan forgiveness programs, according to a government report released Friday.
Right now, the government makes money, a modest $5 billion on loans made during 2015, on its massive $1.4 trillion student lending program. But that surplus has been dropping precipitously — and is likely to turn to a loss as millions more borrowers sign up for income-based repayment programs, which generally offer loan forgiveness to people who have made 20 years of payments.
Eventually, the report from the inspector general said, the government is expected to lend more money to borrowers than they repay.
The Education Department's inspector general found that the department has done little to publicize the reality of income-based repayment and other loan forgiveness programs and their costs to taxpayers — failing, for example, to report the costs of public service loan forgiveness, which forgives the loans of some public sector workers after just 10 years.
The report comes as Congress considers whether and how to rewrite the government's student lending programs. House Republicans released a new Higher Education Act late last year that dramatically limited student loan forgiveness in some programs and cut others altogether.
Income-based plans already cost taxpayers billions of dollars in lost repayment revenue, and their popularity is rising. The government is expected to subsidize the programs by $11.5 billion for 2015 loans, an increase of 750% from $1.5 billion in 2011, the report said.
That's despite onetime promises from the Obama administration, which dramatically expanded income-based repayment's generosity and scope, that income-based plans could potentially save taxpayers money, in part by preventing student loan defaults.
The reality is that large numbers of borrowers with high loan balances have signed up for the programs, said Jason Delisle, a fellow at the conservative American Entrepreneurial Institute. Lower-income borrowers, who tend to take out less money, have not enrolled in the programs at nearly the same rates.
The Obama administration's thinking, Delisle said, "was that high-income people would subsidize low-income people. But it's been the opposite."
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
There is the need for an industrial plan with a focus on job creation in each district of the country, the immediate past Vice Chancellor of the University of Ghana, Legon, Prof. Ernest Aryeetey, has recommended.
This, they believed, would address the incidence of lack of skilled manpower for entrepreneurs who ventured into the manufacturing sector.
They said such a plan must pay attention to the capability and resources in each district to create employment for the teeming youth and also give them the required skills for industry.
Prof. Aryeetey made the suggestion at this year's first edition of the Graphic Business/Stanbic Bank Business Breakfast Meeting Series held yesterday at the Labadi Beach Hotel in Accra on the theme: “A Public-Private Dialogue on Stability, Growth and Jobs”.
Joblessness
They made the recommendation as they enumerated the challenges that confronted the country with regard to the lack of a balanced growth between Gross Domestic Product (GDP) growth and employment rate, as well as sustainable and quality jobs.
“Joblessness and low quality of employment remain a major challenge. It is more of a structure feature of the economy,” they said.
According to Prof. Aryeetey, current figures showed that the country experienced a remarkable growth of 7.2 per cent between 2007 and 2015, “but this has not translated into the generation of sustainable and quality jobs.”
They said although Ghana's economy had performed better than most sub-Saharan African countries, “percentage GDP growth triggers only 0.5 per cent employment growth and that is what we should be concerned about.”
They stated that while growth was largely experienced in the informal sector, which saw growth from between 84 per cent to 88 per cent from 1984 to 2013, employment growth in the formal sector declined during that same period.
Way forward
To reverse the trend, Prof. Aryeetey said more focus must be placed on rural districts and agriculture modernised to fill the missing middle or small and medium-scale agricultural activities.
They also suggested that modernised agriculture must be linked to agro-industry to create off-farm employment through agribusiness.
The former vice chancellor further asked for a re-look at the system of on-the-job training and the structure of the education curricula, to enable students to receive appropriate skills training to meet the needs of industry.
Other considerations they enumerated were the need for a serious attention to irrigation, as the country could not do without an effective irrigation system, as well as an investment in infrastructure to support manufacturing.
They also called for the creation of industrial parks to absorb agricultural output and create manufacturing jobs such as in packaging and distribution.
Prof. Aryeetey recommended the initiation of programmes to formalise the operation of construction work, particularly in the housing sector, to make construction jobs sustainable and decent and also leverage returns from the extractive industry to build infrastructure.
Writer's email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism Pause
0:28 Atascadero Creek threatens nearby home
1:44 SLO County rock climbers take on Cabrillo Peak
2:33 Cheers and jeers: Pro wrestling match at The Graduate is a slamming good time
1:23 Crews install steel mesh along Hwy. 41 to prevent future rockslides
1:26 Here's how Caltrans is shoring up Hwy. 41 hillsides after the rockslide
1:02 Marijuana could find a home in this Grover Beach zone
1:56 Baby elephant seals eat, sleep and cuddle with their moms at the crowded Piedras Blancas rookery
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
Riverdale season two is set to premiere on Wednesday, Oct. 11 at 8 p.m. on The CW. Here's what's been discussed so far about the upcoming 22 new episodes:
1. Archie is going to get dark. As showrunner Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa (RAS) tells Entertainment Tonight, Archikins is going on a “hero's journey” à la Bruce Wayne and Peter Parker, but before they go on that journey, he'll take on elements of revenge, darkness, and violence begetting violence. “So it's going to be a really different Archie for season two,” they say. “That's really exciting.”
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
2. Season two will pick up where season one left off. RAS confirms to The Hollywood Reporter that while Archie's journey to darkness will be the “spine” of the second season, finding out who shot Fred will “absolutely” be the focus of the beginning. On May 23, RAS shared this nice image and episode title — "A Kiss Before Dying" — from the season two premiere:
Here we go. Season Two of #Riverdale is officially underway! Are you ready? pic.twitter.com/tPvMcRzv8t — RobertoAguirreSacasa (@WriterRAS) May 23, 2017
As the folks at Bleeding Cool point out, the spilled milkshake image is from Life With Archie #36, where Archie dies from a gunshot inside Pop's. The original image of spilled milkshake has been changed to blood for the show.
By the way, Fred's “ultimate fate” will be revealed by the end of season two, episode one. As RAS told the Comic-Con crowd on July 22 (via THR), "The first episode is basically Archie, the gang, all the town sitting and waiting to find out what's going to happen with Fred.” EXCITING.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
3. A "civil war" is coming. Betty aptly provided this forecast in the season finale, telling Jughead they don't want to “let a civil war rip us apart” as they inch closer and closer to the south side. Sorry, Betty. It's happening. RAS reveals to both TV Line and ET that the war will occur between the north side of Riverdale and the south side. Does this mean Jughead will have some tough decisions to make if they join the Serpents during this time of war? Will there be a nice story arc about forbidden love?
4a. You guessed it: Betty and Jughead's relationship will be on the line. RAS tells ET that as Jughead “sort of” follows F.P.'s footsteps, there might be some distance between themselves and Betty. A “central conflict” will threaten their relationship, and yes, it's really too bad considering the fact that their relationship graduated to “I love you” levels in the finale.
4b. The new Jughead might take a dark turn. In an interview with TV Line, Cole Sprouse teases that in fact, the whole show will be "getting darker and stranger" in the tone of season one's first episodes. "This heavy cinematography, this overbearing coloration, this really dark content that's kind of over-the-top and campy" will be the overall look and tone of season two.
5a. Betty's secret older brother might make an appearance. It's not definite, but RAS tells TV Line, “I wouldn't be surprised, and that's all I'll say about that.”
5b. Rejoice, for there will be so much more Kevin in season two. As RAS reveald at Comic-Con, episode three will be all about Kevin. “The story is what does Kevin do when he's not in that circle of friends. Are they doing something that's potentially dangerous? We get to explore that a little bit.” FYI, episode three's title is “The Watcher in the Woods.” (via CBR.com)
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
6. The birth of Polly's twins will happen on season two. “I don't want to say too much, but no, that is absolutely not something that will happen off-screen,” RAS tells TV Line. Yes! Another set of twins to get excited about. Love it.
7. There will be some new faces. Mark Consuelos will play Hiram Lodge, who is a hop, skip, and a jump away from getting out of prison to join Hermione and Veronica at their fancy apartment. Right off the bat, Hiram will not approve of Veronica and Archie's relationship, RAS tells THR, adding that Hiram and Hermione will be a “power couple” in season two (think Frank and Claire Underwood on House of Cards). Meanwhile, Reggie Mantle has been while Ross Butler heads to a second season of 13 Reasons Why on Netflix. Thanks for the memories and the abs, Ross. Expect to see the equally beautiful face of Charles Melton, whose resume includes small roles on Glee and American Horror Story: Hotel, as Reggie starting in season two.
Beastmode A post shared by Charles Melton (@_melton_) on Jul 23, 2017 at 7:42pm PDT
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
#Riverdale returns for Season 2 in 9 days on The CW. pic.twitter.com/WgdpI2YZK7 — Archie Comics (@ArchieComics) October 3, 2017
Vanessa Morgan, who previously appeared on The Shannara Chronicles, will portray Toni Topaz, a bisexual Southside Serpent comic book fans should be familiar with. During Comic-Con, RAS described Toni as “sort of Jughead's guide into the Serpent world… she's almost like a female Jughead.” In August 2017, Vanessa told Glamour that she's already received death threats from fans who fear their character will break up Betty and Jughead. "But the thing is, it's half death threats because they don't want that [actually] happening, and there's half that's all love. Who knows if [my character coming between Bughead] is even going to happen. People are just jumping to conclusions." Vanessa also noted that IRL, "Lili and Cole are awesome, and they have been nothing but welcoming to me." BTW, Vanessa's best friend is Cheryl Blossom herself, Madelaine Petsch.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Happy birthday to the Mrs👭👑aka my partner in crime, my on call "doctor Phil"☕️🐸& bossy workout buddy lol I wuvvvvvvvv you❤️❤️👯👯‍♂️👯👯‍♂️👯💋🎂🎂🍰🍰 @madelame A post shared by Vanessa Morgan (@vanessamorgan) on Aug 18, 2017 at 12:00pm PDT
The Serpents will also have a new face in Penny Peabody, played by True Blood actor Brit Morgan. Penny is a real asset to the Serpents, who have them around for potential legal problems. According to Deadline, Penny prefers that their clients pay them with favors and not cash. In season two, Jughead will try to hire Penny to help FP straighten things out.
Also coming to Riverdale: Nick St. Clair, Veronica's ex-boyfriend from New York. According to executive producer Sarah Schechter, Nick will give way to “Dark Veronica,” who is apparently “much darker than Dark Betty" (via EW). On Aug. 11, RAS shared this photo of Nick and Varchie, aka your future favorite TV love triangle.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
On Oct. 6, TV Line reported that newcomer Hart Denton will play Chic, Betty's long-lost brother. He's expected to make their debut on Riverdale halfway through the season.
dark times A post shared by ♥♥♥♥♥♥ (@hartdenton) on Aug 30, 2015 at 1:01am PDT
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
8. Sabrina the Teenage Witch and those zombies you keep on hearing about might still have a chance to enter the Riverdale world. In an interview with Comicbook.com, RAS says while there was a lot of discussion about introducing Sabrina in season one, the show ultimately left them out because they risked overshadowing every other storyline (“it's such a big idea to introduce the supernatural into a natural world”). They say the second season will continue to hint at supernatural elements, much like the first season with visions of Jason as a zombie and ghost and Archie's visions of werewolves, which might open a door for Sabrina. “Or that might just be to make it more like Twin Peaks and the way they dealt with the supernatural,” they say.
During Comic-Con, RAS further hinted at the possible arrival of Sabrina (via EW): “I love horror stuff and I love dreams and jump scares and things like that, so we're always trying to figure out ways to put hints of that in Riverdale. We have been talking about one very prominent supernatural character that exists in the Archie universe."
In September 2017, The CW announced that Sabrina the Teenage Witch is getting a reboot from the same producers as Riverdale. Warner Bros. Television is working with the network to produce a one-hour drama series about Sabrina Spellman. No further details were released, so do keep those fingers crossed for a Sabrina/Riverdale crossover situation.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Perfect project for October as the #Riverdale family expands… And 9 days to premiere night… pic.twitter.com/Kprlxjiz5H — RobertoAguirreSacasa (@WriterRAS) October 3, 2017
9. Filming officially commenced in June 2017. On June 20, Mama Cooper (Madchen Amick), shared a photo of the cast getting together to do the first-ever table read for season two. According to Mama Coops, the first three episodes will be “EPIC.”
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Some initial observations: someone really likes chips and guac enough to bring it to a table read; Hiram (Mark Consuelos) and Hermione are SITTING TOGETHER, as are Bughead; the new Reggie (Charles Melton) is there; Luke Perry is missing (or they went to get more chips because there's an empty chair at the end of the long table); and KJ Apa cannot take a serious photo. See?
Instagram
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
10. Veronica and Archie are getting married! Or not, as the presence of Jason Blossom and Fred Andrews (whose fate remains unknown at this point) suggests that the wedding scene is likely part of a dream sequence. Photos from the Vancouver wedding set were leaked June 26, showing Veronica in a gorgeous wedding gown, Betty in a blue bridesmaid dress, and Jughead and Archie in matching kilts. On Sept. 13, The CW teased the wedding in a 27-second trailer:
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
11. Jughead's excellent narration will be back, according to this trailer. Warner Bros. rolled out a ton of new trailers at Comic-Con 2017 in San Diego, including the first official preview for Riverdale season two. First, watch the delightful bloopers reel, which basically confirms KJ Apa is the biggest prankster on set. Then, watch the Jughead-narrated trailer, which finds Archie in a bloodied letterman jacket, Fred's life still on the line, and Mama Blossom in the hospital. The shooter, meanwhile, is still on the loose. As Pop Tate says, the unidentified gunman was “like the angel of death.” Is it October yet?
12. Archie's got a gun! At least according to this 30-second TV released by The CW. Also included in the promo: a hot shower scene featuring Veronica and someone who looks a lot like Archie, an angry Betty (dark Betty?) confronting their mom about a front page story, a courtroom scene, and a masked gunman opening fire at what looks like a very formal event (see no. 10).
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
13. Someone named the "Sugar Man" is coming to Riverdale, maybe. On Aug. 15, RAS tweeted this very creepy children's drawing of a young Cheryl and Jason, along with the Sugar Man. They offered no explanation of what role the Sugar Man will play in season two but Twitter's placing bets on a Halloween episode.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
14. There might be a Supergirl/Riverdale crossover. Or RAS is just toying with your emotions with this set photo of Melissa Benoist in full Supergirl gear sitting down for a milkshake at Pop's.
Look who dropped in to #Riverdale for a visit! Worlds colliding!! Can a crossover be far behind?? pic.twitter.com/E8Jf7UW3L2 — RobertoAguirreSacasa (@WriterRAS) August 24, 2017
15. Betty and Jughead will get their hands dirty - with a car.
#Riverdale fans, a treat for the weekend. Love these 2 actors, doing incredible work. Love #Bughead, making it work. pic.twitter.com/K11nCu9vxw — RobertoAguirreSacasa (@WriterRAS) August 26, 2017
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
And comic book fans, yes, you've seen Betty in a similar situation before.
Whether it's in the comics or on #Riverdale, Betty Cooper is the queen of fixing cars. pic.twitter.com/ZOZueXvy9H — Archie Comics (@ArchieComics) August 29, 2017
Expectation vs expectation! ❤️
I knew this picture reminded me of something. Thank you @WriterRAS for making it a reality! #Bughead pic.twitter.com/CafHUoof7w — Erin ♣ (@ErinBabyQueen) August 26, 2017
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
16. Something major will happen to Jughead, Josie, and Betty in season two episode seven, or "Chapter Twenty," called "Tales from the Darkside." RAS calls the script their "favorite" so far.
This is one of my FAVORITE scripts for #Riverdale so far… But it won't be for Jughead, Josie, and Betty… pic.twitter.com/b2Xt0yIH6n — RobertoAguirreSacasa (@WriterRAS) August 22, 2017
17. Alice Cooper and FP Jones might get together. You're kidding, right?
#Riverdale fans, be careful what you wish for 😘 A post shared by Madchen Amick (@madchenamick) on Aug 30, 2017 at 5:46pm PDT
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Follow Peggy on Twitter and follow Cosmo Celeb on Facebook.
BUY NOW Riverdale: The Complete First Season, Available on Amazon, $25
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — Three people safely escaped a house fire on the west side of Indianapolis late Sunday night.
Wayne Township, Speedway and Pike Township firefighters battled flames at a townhome in the 2900 block of Horse Hill E. Drive, near Crawfordsville Road and N. Girls School Road, around 11:45 p.m.
Crews saw flames shooting from the around the chimney, and smoke and fire were thick on the second floor, according to the Wayne Township Fire Department.
The fire was brought under control in about 30 minutes, and it caused $100,000 in damage.
Three adults inside managed to get out of the house without injury.
Investigators are working to determine the cause of the blaze.
Wayne Township Victim's Assistance was working to find a place to stay for the residents.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
By Scott T. Sterling
U2 have revealed a heart-wrenching new short film to coincide with the band's latest single, “You're the Best Thing About Me.”
Related: U2 Send Love Letter to NYC in ‘You're the Best Thing About Me' Video
The documentary about love and separation features a newlywed military couple, high school sweethearts, a Syrian refugee family in Greece and a young couple from Mexico City. The film follows each couple for the final 24 hours they are together before one partner has to leave.
“It's a love song,” explained director Tatia Pilieva of the film. “What's interesting is not the bringing people together; it's the separation.”
Pilieva first came to prominence for their 2014 film First Kiss, where they invited 20 strangers to kiss for the first time on camera. After generating millions of views, it went on to win a Gold Lion at Cannes.
“The key for me is that when these people are saying goodbye, they are still very much in love,” they said of their U2 film. “I didn't want to film a bunch of breakups. I didn't want to put that into the world. I wanted to put out something positive. Yes, it's positively heartbreaking, but there's love all over it.”
CLARKSVILLE, Tenn. – Mickey A. Hepner has been appointed the dean of Austin Peay State University's College of Business effective Jan. 2.
Hepner was dean of the University of Central Oklahoma College of Business from 2011-2017, as well as a professor in the college. During their time at UCO, Hepner helped UCO in Edmond become one of only six in the state to receive accreditation from the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business.
Hepner has also served as a board member and president-elect of the Southwest Business Deans Association, as well as serving on the boards of the Oklahoma Academy and the Oklahoma Council for Economic Education.
Before being appointed dean, Hepner served in a number of roles as an economics professor at the university from 2001-2010. In 2007, they were named the Oklahoma Professor of the Year by the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching. Their research has been published by several national think tanks, including the Urban Institute, the Heritage Foundation and the Cato Institute.
“He has an outstanding track record as both a leader and educator and their experience in fundraising and building relationships with the larger business community will be an asset to the university,” said Rex Gandy, APSU provost and vice president for academic affairs.
Hepner earned their bachelor's degree in economics in 1992 and a master's degree in economics in 1994, both from the University of Oklahoma. They also received their doctorate in economics from OU in 2001.
Hepner is replacing Charles Moses, who was appointed as the interim dean of the College of Business in May 2016.
Austin Peay State University is a four-year public university in Clarksville, Tennessee, the fifth-largest city in the state. The school is named after former Tennessee Gov. Austin Peay, a Clarksville native. Peay was governor from 1923 until their death in 1927.
Disabled taxi passengers across Scotland won't be able to take advantage of a new law because their councils haven't made the right preparations, according to disability activist research.
Just eight of 32 councils in Scotland are expecting to meet the government-recommended October deadline to ensure equal treatment for disabled taxi passengers.
A change in the Equality Act enacted in April this year means that taxi drivers face a fine of up to £1,000 if they refuse to transport wheelchair users or attempt to charge them extra.
However, the law only applies to drivers registered on council lists of wheelchair accessible taxis, known as Section 167 lists. Perth and Kinross Council is the only council in Scotland to have completed a list, with a further seven expecting to meet the deadline before October.
Eighteen councils have no plans to create a list or do not know if they will do so, leaving disabled passengers in areas including Aberdeen and Stirling facing overpriced rides and difficulty booking trips.
Disability activist Doug Paulley conducted Freedom of Information research with all councils in England, Scotland and Wales. Of them, only 11 per cent of councils has created a list, with a further 30 per cent intending to do so this year. That means 59 per cent have no firm plans to hit the deadline, including 26 per cent who have no plans to create a list at all.
Paulley and charity Muscular Dystrophy UK, which campaigns for disability rights, are calling on the government to make councils take their responsibilities seriously, and for all councils to set a deadline for creating a list.
Nic Bungay, Director of Campaigns, Care and Information at Muscular Dystrophy UK, which lobbied for years for the law change, said:
“Taxis are not a luxury for disabled people – they often represent the only way to get from A to B when public transport isn't accessible. Doug's research comprehensively demonstrates how many councils are failing to ensure that disabled passengers are not penalised. We need them all to implement lists now as per the government's recommendations, and for the Department for Transport to promote the lists as a matter of urgency.”
Doug Paulley carried out the research following a Select Committee report into the Equality Act 2010 on disability. They say:
“It is disappointing that the Government's intent in bringing in this legislation is being undermined by the failure of many councils to undertake the required office work, meaning that taxi drivers can continue to discriminate against wheelchair users with impunity. While conducting this research, it became clear that many councils simply didn't think to create them until prompted. I recommend disabled people and their allies raise the issue with their local council.”
Paulley's research also found that:-
· Two fifths of councils have under 10 per cent of their vehicles registered as wheelchair accessible, with 15 having no wheelchair-accessible taxis registered at all;
· Only 30 per cent of councils requires taxi drivers to take part in disability awareness training.
Research by Muscular Dystrophy UK in 2016 has indicated that a quarter of disabled people have been refused service by a taxi driver, purely because they are disabled.
The results of the 32 responding councils in Scotland:
· Councils that have already created a Section 167 list: Perth and Kinross (1);
· Councils that plan to produce a Section 167 lists this year, meeting government guidance: East Renfrewshire, Shetland Islands, South Ayrshire, City of Edinburgh, West Dunbartonshire, Dundee City, Glasgow City (7);
· Councils that plan to produce a Section 167 list but with no specified deadline: Dumfries and Galloway, East Ayrshire, Na h-Eileanan Siar, Inverclyde, West Lothian, North Lanarkshire (6);
· Councils that are undecided on whether to produce a list: Falkirk, Highland, Midlothian, Moray, North Ayrshire, Orkney Islands, South Lanarkshire, Aberdeen City, Renfrewshire, East Dunbartonshire (10);
· Councils that have no current plans to produce a list: Clackmannanshire, East Lothian, Fife, Scottish Borders, Stirling, Aberdeenshire, Argyll and Bute, Angus (8).
New prosecutor in trial for former Lake County coroner Rudd
hello
A new appellate court prosecutor has stepped in to take over the perjury trial of former Lake County Coroner Dr. Thomas Rudd.
Prosecutor Bernard Murray said they do not anticipate having to delay the trial against Rudd, which is scheduled Jan. 16. Judge Victoria Rossetti asked the two sides to return to court Jan. 11 for a hearing on pretrial motions.
Murray took over the case after former prosecutor Brian Towne, 49, was charged with 13 counts of official misconduct and four counts of misapplication of funds stemming from their tenure as state's attorney in LaSalle County. The charges state Towne used public funds for personal use.
Rudd, 70, of Lake Forest, faces five counts of perjury charging them with making false statements on nominating petitions filed prior to an unsuccessful re-election bid in 2016. They face up to five years in prison if convicted, though probation also is possible.
Authorities say Rudd swore under oath they were present when voters signed their nominating petitions. Prosecutors said 15 to 20 signatures on the petitions turned out to be false.
Rudd remains free on $150,000 bail.
CBS Local — Many parents will tell you their children seem to ask a million questions a day. A new study has actually put a number on how curious kids can be; estimating that youngsters ask 73 questions each day. Maybe more unnerving for parents, researchers found that adults struggled to answer nearly half of the questions put to them.
“As children grow up it's natural to be curious about the world around them,” said Dr. Sam Wass in a press release. “As parents it's easy to forget just how much of our children's knowledge comes from what we tell them.” The team added that a child's curiosity peaks at age four and leaves nearly 40 percent of UK parents feeling “hopeless” as they search for the answers.
Researchers polled 1,500 parents to find out what are some of the most difficult topics children want to know about and how adults deal with them. Dr. Wass and their team found that parents are turning to Google more often to deliver the perfect response to tough questions.
Wass added other solutions for parents searching for the right way to discuss uncomfortable topics. “Using educational and visual aids such as toys can help to soften the difficulty of broaching trickier subjects. Expressing complex thoughts and ideas through familiar items can often help children's understanding.”
Curious children ask 73 questions each day – many of which #parents can't answer, says study. https://t.co/42WJz2Eoez pic.twitter.com/GiwSJX82tE — Raising Kids (@KettlebellKids) December 4, 2017
The study found that these questions were the most difficult for British parents to talk about with their kids:
South Florida we will be feeling hotter this afternoon. Heat index will range around 106 degrees or higher for a few consecutive hours and we want everyone to stay hydrated. These hot weather days can easily lead to dehydration and heat exhaustion. This average pattern with lots of heat and pop-up inland storms in the afternoon will continue through most of the week. By the weekend, we could see more storms in the forecast.
Tropical Update:
Tropical Storm Gert will remain no threat to land. On the forecast track, it will travel midway between the United States and Bermuda and possibly strengthen to a hurricane. It will only bring rough surf along the coast of the Carolina's and Jersey shore through Wednesday.
Good news! T.S. Gert will stay away from the United States & Bermuda. pic.twitter.com/SNQYwrY5y7 — Vivian Gonzalez (@VivianGonzalez7) August 14, 2017
Large area of clouds and rain is showing signs of organization. Conditions seem favorable for it to grow stronger. The chance is growing to a 60 percent of it developing into a depression or storm in the next couple of days. Right now, most models have it in the middle of the ocean through the weekend. Therefore, we have plenty of time to watch it.
Area of clouds & rain south of Cape Verde Islands has medium chance to form. pic.twitter.com/dx4UBHx3dv — Vivian Gonzalez (@VivianGonzalez7) August 14, 2017
Stay cool South Florida!
Vivian Gonzalez
Meteorologist, AMS Certified
WSVN Channel 7
Sierra Leone Telegraph: 3 February 2018
Ahead of Sierra Leone's multi-tier elections taking place on 7th of March 2018, the Campaign for Human Rights and Development International (CHRDI), Amnesty International and forty local civil society organisations in the country, are calling on the ruling APC, the opposition SLPP and the Republic National Independent Party (ReNIP) to sign the Civic Space and Human Rights Manifesto.
Other political parties have already signed the manifesto, which is aimed at promoting the protection and promotion of human rights in Sierra Leone.
The three remaining parties who have not signed and are not showing any level of commitment to signing the Civic Space and Human Rights Manifesto document are APC, SLPP and the Republic National Independent Party (ReNIP).
The Sierra Leone People's Party and the ruling All People's Congress are the largest and most long-standing parties in the country. It is therefore disappointing that they are not showing leadership in protecting and promoting human rights.
Amnesty International and over 40 Sierra Leonean civil society organizations are calling on all political parties and their elections candidates to commit to the protection and promotion of human rights in Sierra Leone, as a key objective if elected to office.
As the political parties prepare their respective manifesto, CHRDI recommends that the inclusion of specific measures in their manifestos, aimed at addressing the most pressing disadvantages affecting those groups protected by the country's 1991 constitution, along with all other national and international laws.
CHRDI is specifically urging the People's Congress party and the Sierra Leone People's Party to demonstrate greater sense of responsibility in this regard.
CHRDI is also calling for political debate to follow standards that will not create divisions in the country.
CHRDI's Chief Executive, Abdul M Fatoma recommends that: “The 2018 elections give us the chance to assert unequivocally that human rights and equality must be at the heart of the political parties' manifestos. It is time for the Sierra Leone government to make a positive case for the protection of economic and social rights and to reinforce the country's regional and international profile as an open, just and fair society, committed to the protection of all human rights for all.”
They further said that those who are exposing human rights abuses and corruption, must be protected – not punished. They should be recognised for the vital service they provide for society, often putting their jobs and even their lives on the line in the public interest.
The next government will have a golden opportunity to create a fairer and more united Sierra Leone, Fatoma said.
“We should be reminded that the government of Sierra Leone remains a committed party of the African Charter on Human and People's Rights, also known as the Banjul Charter.”
“Consequently, we are urging the political parties to take the steps necessary to ensure that their candidates and senior party stakeholders sign the one-page Civic Space Manifesto containing four key human rights pledges, in order to create a civic space for all Sierra Leoneans and abide by these principles in the forthcoming general elections campaign.
“We are also strongly advocating that they make this public pledge on the basis of these principles during the new Parliament, following the elections”.
About CHRDI
Campaign for Human Rights and Development International (CHRDI ) is a Rights based social-policy advocacy Organisation. We Draw attention to the responsibility of duty-bearers to uphold human rights, and seek to support rights-holders to claim their rights. CHRDI is in Special Consultative Status to the United Nations Economic and Social Council and accredited to many UN Agencies.
Share this: Tumblr
Email
Print
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
WhatsApp
More
Pinterest
Facebook
Tottenham Hotspur thrashed a depleted Watford 4-1 at Vicarage Road on Sunday to keep pace with Chelsea at the top of the Premier League.
Harry Kane and Dele Alli both scored twice as the visitors warmed up for their huge clash at home to Chelsea on Wednesday night in perfect style.
Younes Kaboul's netted a late consolation for the Hornets.
Mauricio Pochettino's side have moved up to third in the table, 10 points behind leaders Chelsea, while Watford have dropped to 13th.
The post Tottenham maul depleted Watford at Vicarge road appeared first on TVCNews: Latest African breaking news, politics, business and sports.
Photo: Daniel DeSlover / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Snoop Dogg has seen the Light.
Related: Snoop Dogg Set to Debut ‘Bible of Love' Gospel Material at Super Bowl Event
The legendary LBC rapper has revealed a new music video, “Words Are Few,” from their upcoming gospel release, Bible of Love.
“Words Are Few,” featuring B Slade, recalls the late '90s “neo-soul” sound of D'Angelo, Erykah Badu and other artists from the “Soulquarian” collective. The organic, throwback sound turns up the gospel vibe as the track progresses and a choir kicks in, and B Slade blesses the song with a powerful vocal solo.
Bible of Love will feature appearances from Faith Evans and such gospel music stalwarts as Rance Allen, the Clark Sisters and Tye Tribbett. The 32-track double album is slated for release on March 16.
“It's always been on my heart. I just never got around to it because I always be doing ‘gangsta' business or doing this or doing that,” the rapper said, according to Rolling Stone. “I just felt like it's been on my heart too long. I need to do it now.”
Watch the “Words Are Few” video below:
Madoff sons' estates to forfeit $23M in ill-gotten gains The estates of Bernie Madoff's sons have agreed to fork over $23 million in ill-gotten gains from years of benefiting their dad's Ponzi scheme, according to a joint announcement Tuesday...
Madoff cooked the books because they 'wanted to please everybody' A treasure trove awaits Bernie Madoff obsessives who log into the website for US Bankruptcy Court, Southern District of New York. There they'll find nearly 500 pages of verbiage —...
Bernie Madoff's closest prison pal is a crime-family boss Shortly after Bernie Madoff arrived in prison, at the start of a 150-year sentence, the mastermind behind the largest fraud in financial history was slapped across the face. Madoff was...
Robert De Niro wouldn't make it in jail “I could not last long in jail. A year at the most if I am lucky,” De Niro told us.
The Southern Baptist Convention says it will reconsider an effort to condemn white supremacy Wednesday, after a resolution disavowing the “alt-right” movement was rejected during the organization's meeting in Phoenix.
The “alt-right” — short for alternative-right — is a term often applied to those whose politics tend to embrace white nationalism, racism, sexism and anti-Semitism.
According to the Arizona Republic reports that the initial rejection spurned an intense debate which prompted the body to craft a new resolution that will be voted on Wednesday afternoon. It reports,
Prominent Southern Baptist leader Russell Moore, the president of the convention's Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission, said Wednesday morning that they expect the convention will “enthusiastically” pass the new resolution.
“The so-called Alt-Right white supremacist ideologies are anti-Christ and satanic to the core. We should say so,” Moore said on Twitter.
Tuesday's controversy was sparked by a separate, but similar resolution by African American minister William D. McKissic Sr., a pastor at the Cornerstone Baptist Church in Arlington, Texas, submitted to the SBC's Committee on Resolutions. They wanted the entire convention to vote on their resolution.
Their resolution failed to gain approval by a two-thirds majority of the committee.
McKissic's resolution stated that the Southern Baptist Church should denounce “every form of ‘nationalism' that violates the biblical teachings with respect to race, justice and ordered liberty” and that the convention should “reject the retrograde ideologies, xenophobic biases, and racial bigotries of the so-called ‘alt-right' that seek to subvert our government, destabilize society, and infect our political system.”
Some reportedly rejected the resolution because of its “inappropriate” language.
McKissic last year succeeded in having the SBC endorse a resolution condemning the Confederate flag as a symbol of racial injustice.
Twitter users of all hues condemned the decision:
The Southern Baptist Convention was founded as a theological apologetic for the enslavement of people of African descent in this country. — Broderick Greer (@BroderickGreer) June 14, 2017
"We live in a time when equivocating on these matters furthers the sin of racism even to violence and death. …" https://t.co/VHYH8TzUf6 — Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) June 14, 2017
The Southern Baptist Church was "explicitly founded to support slavery." https://t.co/rUfzO7zkc4 — Samuel Sinyangwe (@samswey) June 14, 2017
The sad part is that nine other resolutions passed with near-unanimous votes. But this is the South and racists go to church too, apparently.
SOURCE: The Arizona Republic
SEE ALSO:
‘Angry White Folks' & Racist Alt-Right Fueling Trump's Poll Rise
Hillary Clinton Hits Trump On ‘Alt-Right' Support
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Mayflies swarm gas station in Slidell Submitted video from Sandy McCormick shows a swarm of mayflies at a gas station in Slidell, La. McCormick said "usually they are just on the ground and when you drive over them they make a "mayfly dust cloud" behind the car. " Sandy McCormick jcfitzhugh@sunherald.com ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Submitted video from Sandy McCormick shows a swarm of mayflies at a gas station in Slidell, La. McCormick said "usually they are just on the ground and when you drive over them they make a "mayfly dust cloud" behind the car. " Sandy McCormick jcfitzhugh@sunherald.com
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
How markets are reacting to the UK's snap general election
Waterford to play Galway in All Ireland final after getting result against Cork
Waterford will play Galway in the Ireland hurling final after getting the perfect result against Cork as they ran out 11pt winners
Waterford 4-19 Cork 0-20
The point that changed the match was with twenty min to play Cork player Damien Cahalane was sent off, at this point Cork lead by 1pt. But they got deystroyed once they tried to push on as Jamie Barron hit two beautiful goals.
More to follow
Latest Update
5:04pm Waterford will play Galway.
5:01pm Jamie Barron puts Waterford 11pts up.
5:00pm Into injury time and Waterford lead by 7
4;58pm Gleeson sent off the Waterford team.
4:56pm Mahony puts Waterford 7pts up.
4:55pm halleron and O'Farrell trade scores.
4:51pm mahony with a stunning free from inside their own half, Waterford by 6pts
4:48pm One of the great ever goals is scored by Austin Gleeson, Waterford by 5
4:48pm Conor Gleeson puts Waterford 2pts up.
4:48pm Jamie Barron with a great goal after an unreal pass by Austin Gleeson.
4:47pm Horgan hits their 12th point, Cork by 2pts.
4:46pm Patrick Horgan gives Cork the lead from another soft free
4:43pm Alan Cadogan levels it up, game alive now.
4:43pm Austin Gleeson gives Waterford the lead.
4:42pm Mahony levels it up
4:41pm Cork are down to 14, Damien Cahalane gets a second yellow
4:40pm Harmody with a lovely score for Cork.
4:40pm Pauric Mahony point from play levels it up
4:38pm Darragh Fitzgibbon hits over a sideline cut
4:37pm Darragh Fives with a lovely score. 48min played and sides are level
4:36pm Patrick Horgan hits their 10th point of the day.
4:35pm Maurice Shanahan is on for Jake Dillon
4:34pm Great score by Kevin Moran, sixth time level.
4:32pm Conor Lehane gives Cork the lead.
4:31pm Cork getting some very soft free's, Horgan levels it up
4:30pm Mahony restores the Waterford lead
4:27pm Jamie Barron is fouled as they were baring down on goal.
4:27pm Patrick Horgan levels up the game.
4:25pm Second half underway
4:08pm Waterford lead 1-07 to 0-10 at half time.
4:07pm Hawk denies Waterford a point
4:06pm Horgan hits their 7th point
4:03pm Jamie Barron puts Waterford 2pts up
4:02pm Patrick Horgan free goes wide
3:59pm Pauric Mahony with their 3rd free gives Waterford the lead.
3:56pm Mahony levels it up from a free.
3:54pm Unreal save by Anthony Nash, super stuff by the Cork keeper
3:53pm Horgan with their 4th free, Cork lead by 1pt
3:51pm Patrick Horgan with their 5th point
3:51pm Kevin Moran hits their 3rd point from play.
3:49pm Horgan makes no mistake this time, sides are level.
3:48pm Patrick Horgan hits a second free wide.
3:43pm Stunning point by Alan Cadogan
3:40pm Moran with a nice point from play.
3:39pm Kevin Moran with a very well worked point from play, Horgan hits their 3rd point.
3:38pm Lovely point from play by Shane Kingston, Cork trails by 1pt
3:36pm Michael “Brick” Walsh gets a GOAL for Waterford
3:35pm Patrick horgan with a nice point from play to give Cork an early lead
3:34pm Pauric Mahony levels it up with the first point from play.
3:32pm Opening point for Cork, Patrick Horgan free puck
3:28pm Nearly throw in time
11:01
Cork: Anthony Nash; Stephen McDonnell, Damien Cahalane, Colm Spillane;
Christopher Joyce, Mark Ellis, Mark Coleman; Bill Cooper, Darragh Fitzgibbon;
Seamus Harnedy, Conor Lehane, Shane Kingston; Alan Cadogan, Patrick Horgan,
Luke Meade.
Waterford: Stephen O'Keeffe; Shane Fives, Barry Coughlan, Noel Connors;
Kieran Bennett, Austin Gleeson, Philip Mahony; Jamie Barron, Conor Gleeson;
Kevin Moran, Pauric Mahony, Jake Dillon; Shane Bennett, Michael Walsh,
Darragh Fives.
The U.S. Supreme Court, which rejected Pennsylvania Republicans' last-ditch effort to preserve their gerrymander on Monday. Win McNamee/Getty Images
On Monday, a federal court rejected Pennsylvania Republicans' challenge to a new congressional map commissioned by the state Supreme Court to remedy a previous GOP gerrymander. The three-judge panel, made up entirely of Republican appointees, unanimously tossed out the lawsuit, holding that the plaintiffs lacked standing to attack the gerrymander-free map in court. A few hours later, the U.S. Supreme Court also rejected Republican lawmakers' emergency appeal seeking to block the new map. The two decisions effectively ensure that Pennsylvania's 2018 congressional elections will be held under fair maps—unless, perhaps, the GOP resorts to an extreme measure like the impeachment of state Supreme Court justices.
Monday's orders mark the latest chapter in a heated skirmish between Pennsylvania's Republican-dominated legislature and its state Supreme Court, which leans Democratic. In January, the court ruled 5–2 that Republicans had gerrymandered Pennsylvania's congressional district along partisan lines in violation of the state constitution, which requires “free and equal” elections. (Legislative Republicans filed an emergency appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court, which Justice Samuel Alito turned down without comment.) The state Supreme Court also directed the elected branches to devise a fairer map for use in the 2018 election. Republican leaders promptly drew another skewed map, which Democratic Gov. Tom Wolf rejected. So the court adopted a map drawn by Stanford Law School professor Nathaniel Persily.
At that point, a group of Republican lawmakers—both state legislators and congressional representatives—filed suit to block the new map. In an unusual move, they asked both a federal district court and the U.S. Supreme Court to intervene. SCOTUS rejected the appeal with no noted dissents. The federal district court also dashed Republicans' hopes for a quick injunction. It did so without actually reaching the merits of the case.
The GOP argues that the state Supreme Court violated the U.S. Constitution's Elections Clause, which generally lets state legislatures prescribe “the times, places and manner of holding elections for senators and representatives.” Pennsylvania Republicans say this clause gives them—not the state Supreme Court—a right to draw the congressional map. This claim is quite weak, since the U.S. Supreme Court has found that legislatures don't hold this power exclusively, and courts have long stepped in to draw remedial maps.
But the three-judge panel saw a more fundamental threshold problem with Republicans' lawsuit: Neither group of plaintiffs—two state legislators and eight members of congress—have constitutional authority to challenge the map in court. In order for state legislators to sue on behalf of their chamber, the court explained, they must be fighting some “injury” that “affects all members of the legislative institution equally.” But the GOP legislators who sued are speaking only for Republicans—not for their chamber as a whole. That injury simply isn't sufficient to give these lawmakers standing.
The congressional representatives didn't fare much better. Their only real “injury,” the court noted tartly, is that the previous gerrymander “did not survive,” potentially imperiling their seats. That is “plainly what all of the plaintiffs dislike,” the court explained—but it is not an injury that gives them authority to sue under the Elections Clause; you do not have a constitutional right to keep your congressional seat because you really, really want to. Since none of the plaintiffs had standing, the court concluded, the suit must be tossed.
Although the court didn't reach the merits, it dropped a few hints as to where it might have landed on the matter. In a telling passage, the court wrote that the plaintiffs “readily concede that the Pennsylvania Supreme Court has the authority to review redistricting legislation for compliance with the Pennsylvania Constitution.” That, it added, “is a sensible concession”—citing the U.S. Supreme Court decision declaring:
Nothing in [the Elections] Clause instructs, nor has this Court ever held, that a state legislature may prescribe regulations on the time, place, and manner of holding federal elections in defiance of provisions of the State's constitution.
Here, the district court implied that even if these Republicans had standing to sue, they would obviously lose. The U.S. Constitution does not grant GOP politicians a right to choose their own constituents, protect their incumbencies, and shield their legislative majorities from competition. At long last, the end of the kerfuffle may be in sight—unless, of course, the GOP turns to impeachment. Several Republicans have already floated the idea of removing the Democratic justices from the Pennsylvania Supreme Court. If they are going to act on this extraordinary incursion on judicial independence to try once again to salvage these bankrupt maps, the time would be now.
WASHINGTON - US marshals served a subpoena on Wednesday on former Michigan State University President Lou Anna Simon to compel them to appear before a US Senate subcommittee on June 5 on efforts to protect athletes from abuse, a committee spokesperson said.
Simon, who resigned from Michigan State in January, and Steve Penny from USA Gymnastics were criticized for not doing enough to halt abuse by former doctor Larry Nassar, who was convicted last year of molesting gymnasts and was sentenced to an effective life term in prison.
A lawyer for Penny, who resigned in March 2017, accepted a subpoena on their behalf, said spokesperson Frederick Hill of the Senate Commerce panel that has been investigating abuse of athletes. Simon was served with a subpoena in Traverse City, Michigan, Hill said.
A lawyer for Simon, Mayer Morganroth, did not respond to a request for comment. But they told the Detroit Free Press that Simon had been on vacation in Traverse City and would appear at the hearing. "There is not much they can say," they told the newspaper. "They know that. They didn't have any direct contact at all with Nassar."
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
COMPTON — Celerity Achernar Charter School was given a much-needed exterior makeover Jan. 27. Housed in a part of the city that can be considered dreary and industrial, peppered with auto repair shops and residential houses, the school brightened its surroundings with a colorful call-to-action piece of artwork.
Beautify Earth, a nonprofit whose mission is to put an end to blighted walls by empowering artists, encouraging social responsibility and instilling community pride in impoverished or neglected neighborhoods, hosted more than 100 volunteers and students at a painting party. Equipped with bright colored enamel, paint brushes, roller pins, ladders, painter's tape, gloves and upbeat music, mural artist Ruben Rojas taught eager volunteers how to paint the wall outside of the school's playground in neat letters that spelled out Just Do Good.
“All we ask is that you bring your energy, your giving spirit, sense of community and we'll show you the rest,” Rojas said. “The best part about painting murals is the different hands involved with the final picture. It warms my heart to see people giving of themselves to making their community, this school, a better place then when they left.”
The Beautify Earth education project seeks to create positive environments through inspirational murals, instructed by professional artists, offering a hands-on approach for participants to express their creativity as well as learn new techniques.
The common thread between the volunteers was that one person doing something could make a huge difference. Mothers came with babies, fathers with their daughters and teachers with their students, all in an effort to do something to directly beautify their community.
“There is a lack of goodness around here and we could use more of it,” volunteer Zee Johnson said. “One person can make an impact and as they say, living is giving. You can take, take, take or you can start to give. Why do I volunteer? Because I know that I have to do my part.
“I can't think of a better way to be active in change,” Johnson added. “Once you've put some work into building something or creating a lasting mural, you take more pride in your surroundings. It becomes contagious.”
Included in the makeover were the lines on the basketball court which got brisk strokes of improvement by the steady-handed members of the Compton Initiative, another participating nonprofit whose mission includes the physical restoration of Compton homes, schools and churches.
“I'm out here volunteering because this is my school,” said Rico Sanchez. “I'm an eighth grader here so what I'm doing right now is helping me and my friends.
“I never realized how many people even cared about us to come and do this.”
Since 2006, the Compton Initiative has beautified more than 550 homes, 372 buildings at 30 schools, 35 church buildings, 31 public spaces, two medical clinics and 134 murals.
“I volunteer because everyone has to do their part,” Sumby Kuti said. “If people just show up and do their part, we'll be in a much better position.
“I'm so glad that so many people showed up today. That's the start.”
The Bureau of Labor Statistics, under the U.S. Department of Labor, conducted a survey in 2015 that showed more than 62.6 million people provide some type of volunteer service; the first being of service to a religious sector and the third is for their community. People choose to volunteer for a variety of reasons.
For some, it offers the chance to give something back or make a difference to the people around them. For others, it provides an opportunity to develop new skills or build on existing experience and knowledge.
For this group of painters, it was about beautifying Compton.
“Compton is one of the most underserviced communities in Los Angeles so to say that this community needed it is an understatement,” Neal Bledsoe said. “I believe it is my duty to take part in making this neighborhood beautiful again. Why not take the power back?
“We have to realize that we all live in the same city and although L.A. is still very divided, I'm here today planting that seed that I hope will grow so that others will join me and come together. When you stand on the other side of the street or turn that corner and see this mural, you can't help but feel some kind of pride.”
Join data pioneers from eBay, Twitter and LinkedIn at industry's first conference dedicated to helping data teams build modern big data platforms
SANTA CLARA, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Data Platforms 2017, the industry's first conference focused exclusively on helping data teams build modern, self-service big data platforms, today announced new speakers and sessions, including data and cloud pioneers from Expedia, Autodesk, Oracle, Microsoft, Google and Amazon Web Services.
While the explosion of big data and innovation of cloud technologies have created new opportunities for companies, few data teams have yet to create scalable platforms to help deliver real-time insights to drive the business. Research from Gartner indicates 80 percent of big data projects will fail by 2018, due largely to complexity and integration challenges. Yet in a recent survey by Dimensional Research and Qubole, 87 percent of data professionals feel confident that they can build a self-service big data infrastructure. There's an industry-wide need for a dedicated conference to provide actionable advice for data teams on how to address this conflict and take their company's data initiatives to the next level.
"An organization's commitment to becoming data-driven is only as good as its data strategy and data platform," said Kash Iftikhar, Vice President of Engineering Oracle Cloud Platform. "Modern data platforms incorporate cloud services, aggregate critical sources of data and provide ubiquitous access to speed decision making -- all while removing the complexity of sizing, scaling and protecting the infrastructure. Oracle is excited to participate at Data Platforms 2017 and share our vision of the Data Lake and the modern data platform."
"At Data Platforms 2017, I'll share how my data science team successfully built several cloud-based data solutions and new product features without extensive DevOps expertise," said Evan Harris, Data Scientist, Return Path. "Being at an organization that made a shift from being colo heavy to the cloud as part of our data platform strategy, we experienced many hurdles when it came to scaling and internal resources. I'll dive into how we have successfully leveraged modern distributed computing frameworks such as Spark and Presto, along with managed services to create an efficient modern data platform."
Gathering data practitioners and data visionaries, Data Platforms 2017 is the only industry conference dedicated to helping data teams design, build and optimize their big data platform. Data Platforms will take place over the course of three days, with meet-ups, best practice sessions and how-to breakouts for attendees at various stages of data transformation, from exploring to building to refining their own big data platforms:
Day One features hands-on workshops for learning how to leverage big data in the cloud plus a special welcome reception where the industry expert authors of new-released O'Reilly publication "Creating a Data-Driven Enterprise with DataOps" will answer questions and sign copies of the book.
features hands-on workshops for learning how to leverage big data in the cloud plus a special welcome reception where the industry expert authors of new-released O'Reilly publication "Creating a Data-Driven Enterprise with DataOps" will answer questions and sign copies of the book. Day Two features keynotes from data team leaders at LinkedIn, eBay and Twitter discussing how they transformed their organizations into data-driven businesses and lessons learned along the way. Afternoon deep dive meetups offer the opportunity to connect with practitioners from Expedia, Autodesk, UnderArmour and more to share best practices, techniques, challenges and solutions to their big data initiatives. The day concludes with a deep dive in the data lake: a pool party, BBQ and the Big Data Blues Band.
features keynotes from data team leaders at LinkedIn, eBay and Twitter discussing how they transformed their organizations into data-driven businesses and lessons learned along the way. Afternoon deep dive meetups offer the opportunity to connect with practitioners from Expedia, Autodesk, UnderArmour and more to share best practices, techniques, challenges and solutions to their big data initiatives. The day concludes with a deep dive in the data lake: a pool party, BBQ and the Big Data Blues Band. Day Three features expert presentations from Amazon, Google, Microsoft and Oracle on their strategies and capabilities for supporting big data platforms in the cloud, offering attendees a unique side-by-side comparison of the leading cloud vendors.
Data Platforms 2017 will take place on May 24 - 26, 2017, at the Wigwam Resort in Phoenix, Arizona. Limited tickets available, click here to register today.
Data Platforms 2017 is still accepting speakers for panels and presentations on topics related to building a data-driven infrastructure. For requirements, see the Call for Speakers.
Register today and discover how to build the modern data platform. To learn more about Data Platforms 2017, register and view the agenda by visiting: www.dataplatforms.com
Qubole, the big data-as-a-service company is presenting sponsor for Data Platforms 2017. Featured sponsors include O'Reilly, 47 Lining, Amazon Web Services, DZone, insideBIGDATA, Lyft, Microsoft, Oracle and RT Insights.
About Qubole
Qubole is a big data-as-a-service company that provides a fast, easy and reliable path to turn big data into valuable business insights. Qubole's cloud-based platform addresses the challenges of processing huge volumes of structured and unstructured data. It uses clouds such as Amazon Web Services, Google Compute Engine, Microsoft Azure and Oracle Cloud Platform to help enterprises extract value out of their big data while enabling their operations teams to be nimble and adaptive to their users' needs. Qubole achieves this through features such as auto-scaled big data clusters and integrated toolsets for data analysts, developers and business users. With more than 500+ PB of data processed every month across its customer base, Qubole's platform makes enterprises agile with big data.
As the racial unrest stirred by a neo-Nazi rally in Virginia on Saturday continued throughout the nation on Monday, a group of demonstrators took down a statue of a Confederate soldier outside a courthouse in Durham, North Carolina.
According to the News Observer, nearly 100 demonstrators, describing themselves as anti-fascists, used a ladder to tie a rope around the statue. The crowd used the rope to pull the statue to the ground.
Video of the incident shows the crowd kicking the statue, as others in the crowd cheered on.
The statue has stood outside the courthouse since 1924.
According to a Facebook event page, the protest was organized by the Workers World Party Durham Branch. The protest was organized to demand the removal of all Confederate symbols.
The News Observer reported that members of the Durham County Sheriff's Office were on hand, but did not get involved. Instead, deputies videotaped the incident.
“Charlottesville and racist monuments across the country are the result of centuries of white supremacy,” Alissa Ellis, a member of Workers World Party Durham branch, told the News Observer. “But we cannot ignore the fact that the current Trump administration has emboldened more Nazis, KKK, and white supremacists to target, brutalize, and kill our communities,”
The protest in Durham was one of many taking places across the country Monday evening. One of the largest rallies against white supremacy was in New York City, outside of President Donald Trump residence. Trump is expected to spend the night in their New York apartment.
BUSINESS
In the end, it was an “expert” who managed to persuade Chancellor Philip Hammond to sign off on the proposal to drastically cut the maximum stake limit for fixed-odds betting terminals (FOBTs) to £2, according to media reports.
Hammond, a member of the British Conservative Party, has previously rejected the highly contentious proposal to impose a £2 maximum FOBT stake—a huge drop from the current £100 per spin limit—on grounds that the government may stand to lose “hundreds of millions in gambling tax revenues.”
On Tuesday, however, UK's The Times reported that “a deal” has been reached in the Treasury, with the chancellor accepting “expert recommendation” that FOBT stakes should be slashed to £2.
All that's needed now is for Hammond to reach an agreement with Department for Culture, Media and Sport Secretary Matthew Hancock, who has been pushing for the £2 option, over how the government will fill the £400 million gap in state coffers resulting from the drastic FOBT stake cut. Hammond's allies are confident that a deal between the two is “imminent,” telling the news outlet, “We are very nearly there.”
An official announcement on the issue is expected to be made in early May, after the local elections have concluded.
In agreeing with the reported “expert,” the Treasury junked the recommendation recently made by another authority on the issue—the UK Gambling Commission (UKGC). In March, the gambling regulator rejected the £2 limit on grounds that there was insufficient evidence to justify a decision “recommending a specific figure below £30.”
Instead, the UKGC recommended a £30 or less maximum stake, along with a laundry list of measures to combat the risk of harm, such as prohibiting FOBT players from switching seamlessly between high-stakes games every 20 seconds and the so-called lower-stakes “quickfire” games; requiring bookmakers to track customer habits to identify problem gambling; and requiring the government to extend FOBT player protections to other machines.
To be fair, members of the Parliament can choose not to follow UKGC's recommendation—as long as they take intoaccount the £500 million of tax revenues that the FOBTs contribute annually. The MPs had also been warned that too-low maximum stakes on FOBTs will result in more than 4,500 betting shops closing down, causing an estimated 21,000 people to be out of jobs by 2020.
Comments
It hasn't been a good week for pasta-lovers. After a new study detailed just how unhealthy pesto really is, a photo series outlining how we've all been using colanders wrong has gone viral. So that's good.
Considering we eat pasta for dinner at least three (but mostly four) times a week, it would be hard pushed to suggest we haven't perfected the method. We add the prime amount of salt to our water, boil the pasta for the optimum length of time and know our favourite supermarket sauces off by heart.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Good morning to everyone. Just saw this on Facebook and spazzed. pic.twitter.com/YB8qJ2a1g5 — Daibella (@Daibellaaa) October 2, 2017
But it turns out it's the draining of the water that we've all been getting wrong, after Twitter user @Daibellaaa shared a Facebook post she'd seen and blew. Our. Minds.
As the photos show, you're not meant to shove your colander in the sink and pour the pasta and starchy water into it:
Getty
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
But rather, you're meant to put the colander over your pan, and tip the water away through it - rather than tipping the pasta into it.
WHAT. HOW. WHY. WHOSE JOB WAS IT TO TELL PEOPLE ABOUT THIS?
Understandably, the people of Twitter are shaken.
THATS HOW YOURE SUPPOSE TO DO IT?? my dumbass been pouring it into the strainer just to pour it back into the pan after. Wooooooooooow https://t.co/eDD6YEnapQ — Adrian📸 (@woahaydrian) October 3, 2017
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
It's been this easy all along pic.twitter.com/8tVz37DfPB — 🌴yree (@KingMaduro) October 3, 2017
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
As some people have pointed out, though, it may not be as groundbreaking as the viral tweet seems to suggest - because strainers aren't a one-sit-fits-all, right?
Pots come in different sizes. Y'all gonna buy a one-size fits all strainer orrrr...? stop letting the internet think for you, shit is scary — SpookDaddy (@ImDPL) October 3, 2017
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Inteeeresting.
The Killers performed an adrenalized version of the Smiths‘ “This Charming Man” Sunday at KROQ's Almost Acoustic Christmas – a winking allusion to Morrissey, who
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: Watch the Killers Cover the Smiths After Morrissey Cancellation
…read more
Via:: Rolling Stone
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
TIMBERLAKE, N.C. -- A North Carolina woman says their insurance was canceled because of a picture of their dog on Facebook.
Melina Efthimiadis and their husband say they are low risk clients. However, when they tried to add personal umbrella liability to their homeowner's insurance, Nationwide canceled their policy, according to WTVD.
Efthimiadis said they had included the family's three dogs – a Shih Tzu, a hound and a Lab/hound mix – on the application, but the company claimed they had failed to disclose that they owned a Rottweiler mix, considered a dangerous breed.
The mix-up apparently came from Efthimiadis' own Facebook photo of their pups playing in the snow.
"They sent us the pictures that they had taken off of my Facebook page of my dog Zeus who is a Lab/hound mix," they told WTVD.
Melina, who works as a veterinarian, was able to prove it to the company and Nationwide Insurance reversed its decision.
In the end, however, Melina said they decided to switch to another insurance company anyway.
"Be careful of what you post on Facebook," they told the station. "It's sad that you can't post pictures of your beloved pet on your own Facebook page and have it public."
It's the stuff of spy novels. North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un's older half-brother Kim Jong Nam died mysteriously at the Kuala Lumpur airport, and both South Korean and Malaysian media report it was likely some sort of poison attack.
Several questions surround their suspicious death, but perhaps the biggest is: Who would want Kim Jong Nam dead?
The eldest Kim brother has led a quiet existence outside North Korea for decades, except for making headlines when they tried to enter Japan in 2001 on a fake passport. They later said they were trying to go to Tokyo Disneyland.
That Kim has remained out of the limelight is rather remarkable given he's the son of Kim Jong Il, North Korea's notorious former dictator.
"You would live anonymously too if people were gunning for you," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
"Kim Jong Nam has lived a very leisurely life, primarily in a condo that the Kim family owns in Macau," Madden says. Kim is widely known for their love of gambling and clubs. Madden also says Kim Jong Nam manages the family's personal fortune overseas, which includes homes in Singapore, Beijing and Paris.
Kim's fate took a turn Monday morning, while they were in transit at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport. Something caused Kim's sudden death.
Malaysian media are showing closed-circuit camera images in which two women cover a traveler's face with cloth. Police say emergency responders rushed the man, whose travel documents identified them as "Kim Chol," to the hospital, but they died en route.
"It probably is the strangest story that I have encountered about North Korean elites and the Kim family and Kim family politics," Madden says.
In South Korea Tuesday, Unification Ministry spokesperson Jeong Joon-hee confirmed the identity of the dead traveler.
"The government is certain that the murdered individual is Kim Jong Nam. We have not confirmed the exact cause of death," Jeong said.
Kim could have died of natural causes, given their sedentary lifestyle and the family's reported issues with gout and high blood pressure. But if they were killed, theories run the gamut as to why.
Some believe Kim was punished for skimming from the family fortune they handled, or that they were the scapegoat in a power play by elites wanting to get back into leader Kim Jong-un's good graces. But they're all just guesses, says Madden.
"Nobody knows, and I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," they say.
As with so much about North Korea, even a man's demise is dressed in mystery.
Haeryun Kang contributed to this post from Seoul. Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post from Kuala Lumpur.
$11.77
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
NBC 7's Mari Payton reports the latest on a controversial plan to turn a motel in the Nestor neighborhood into a halfway house for low level criminals. (Published 32 minutes ago)
NBC 7's Mari Payton reports the latest on a controversial plan to turn a motel in the Nestor neighborhood into a halfway house for low level... See More
An 88-year-old NYU psychology professor is under fire for, among other things, not using the preferred pronouns in referring to transgender students.
August Enzer, a transgender man, lodged a complaint in November against Professor Edgar Coons, who has been teaching at the college since 1965.
The junior is demanding the professor be disciplined and the resolution be made public, according to the Washington Square News, NYU's student newspaper.
Enzer told the paper Coons made “transphobic” comments during their Introduction to Psychology course first-year student year, even using the term “abnormalities” in referring to transgender individuals during a class about gender and sexuality.
Back in November, Coons denied using the word “abnormalties” in the lesson or using the wrong pronouns in addressing transgender people, the paper reported.
“It's not true. Not at all,” Coons told The Post on Thursday.
Enzer reportedly said they were assured by teaching assistants that the situation would be addressed and the curriculum changed, but that hasn't happened.
“Coons' lesson plans are just very blatantly disrespectful, very blatantly transphopic,” Enzer told the NYU paper. “The school has done nothing to combat this or educate him.”
Enzer told the paper they were motivated to file the formal complaint this fall after a sophomore friend, another transgender man, alleged Coons referred to them as a woman.
An NYU spokesperson told The Post that the school takes all complaints to its bias response line “seriously” and that “there are often steps taken in response, even when we cannot share any specific action taken with the person who made the original complaint.”
The school will not publicly discuss personnel matters, the spokesperson said.
Coons told the Post they had not been disciplined but would not elaborate.
The conflict has sparked a passionate campus debate.
“This is insane … gender politics is a relatively new phenomena and I bet a lot of the older professors aren't aware of these nuances,” wrote one commenter to the student newspaper story.
“You'd have to do some serious mental gymnastics to say this guy was being intentionally malicious,” said the poster, who described themselves as a former Coons student.
Countered another: “I have no idea about this particular situation, but the reality is NYU does not care about disciplining any of its staff for misbehavior.”
Enzer did not respond to repeated messages.
Several additional homes in lower Puna have been destroyed by fast-moving lava over the last day, according to residents and witnesses.
Several additional homes in lower Puna have been destroyed by fast-moving lava over the last day, according to residents and witnesses.
As lava spews from the ground in Lower Puna destroying everything in it's path , residents in a town more than 20 miles away are suffering the eruption's economic impacts.
As lava spews from the ground in Lower Puna destroying everything in it's path , residents in a town more than 20 miles away are suffering the eruption's economic impacts.
Highway 130 is now the only way into and out of Big Island residential areas like Kalapana, Kaimu, Kehena, and Opihikao.
Highway 130 is now the only way into and out of Big Island residential areas like Kalapana, Kaimu, Kehena, and Opihikao.
A "nearly continuous" plume of gas and steam is pouring from Kilauea's summit crater amid ongoing explosive eruptions that are prompting ashfall warnings for downwind communities, officials said.
A "nearly continuous" plume of gas and steam is pouring from Kilauea's summit crater amid ongoing explosive eruptions that are prompting ashfall warnings for downwind communities, officials said.
In times of disaster, the Hawaii community comes together to help those in need. No different is the eruption at Kilauea.
In times of disaster, the Hawaii community comes together to help those in need. No different is the eruption at Kilauea.
Here's how to help those affected by the Big Island eruptions
Here's how to help those affected by the Big Island eruptions
Lava has claimed more than 80 homes in lower Puna and just keeps coming. (Image: Chris Carroll/Facebook)
A fast-moving lava flow, spewing fountains more than 200 feet into the air, is making its way through lower Puna, sparking immediate evacuations as it covers major roads and threatens more homes in the area.
Around 1 a.m. Wednesday, Hawaii County Civil Defense officials alerted residents in the Kapoho area, including Kapoho Beach Lots and Vacation Lots, to evacuate as the fast-moving lava flow near Highway 132 picked up speed and advanced toward the area.
The flow is threatening to cut off Beach Road, the only remaining access point out of the area.
"You are at risk of being isolated due to possible lava inundation of Beach Road near Four Corners," the warning message said.
At the present rate of the lava flow, the road could be blocked sometime Wednesday morning. As of 7 a.m., lava was about 3 miles away from Four Corners and was advancing in pauses and surges at a rate of about 600 yards per hour, according to the U.S. Geological Survey.
Another fissure — no. 18 — was producing a lava flow that was moving downslope at a rate of 100 yards per hour. That one was less than a mile away from Highway 137, the USGS said.
Kilauea Message Wed, 30 May 2018 07:27:31 HST: 07:25 HST: This morning's overflight showed lava from F18 within 0.65 miles of Highway 137, advancing ~100 yards/hour. Lava from F8 is ~2.8 miles above Four Corners and advancing in pauses and surges (up to ~600 yards/hour). — USGS Volcanoes?? (@USGSVolcanoes) May 30, 2018
On Tuesday lava flows crossed Highway 132, leaving Beach Road as the only road into lower Puna.
Hawaii County Civil Defense closed the highway on Tuesday morning between Lava Tree State Park and Four Corners as a lava flow advanced. And about 3:30 p.m., the U.S. Geological Survey confirmed that lava was encroaching on the thoroughfare at several points.
"It took the road," said Talmadge Magno, civil defense administrator. "We lost 132 and there's no power down to that area and, as explained to me, it's gonna be an extended outage."
Other developments Tuesday included:
Officials said lava has now claimed at least 112 structures in lower Puna, including 20 homes destroyed in the last 48 hours alone. Some 71 homes have been destroyed by lava since the first outbreak happened nearly four weeks ago.
Lava flows crossed the main access road to the Puna Geothermal Venture plant and were threatening to cover several wells. There were no reports of an uncontrolled release of hydrogen sulfide, as has been feared.
Active eruptions, including fountains, are sending Pele's hair (thin strands of volcanic glass) and volcanic emissions downwind.
The activity comes after a weekend of dramatic eruptions, which claimed a number of homes.
Residents watched from afar and up close as much of the fissure system — from the middle of Leilani Estates to the east end of the line of outbreaks — spewed out lava, creating fountains that topped at least 200 feet and triggering flows that covered several properties.
And on Sunday night, after authorities went door-to-door to urge remaining residents in a portion of Leilani Estates to get out, firefighters scrambled to rescue a man whose driveway was covered by fast-moving lava.
They were able to guide them out of the area on foot using a back way through Nohea Street. The man reported no injuries and denied medical treatment, according to authorities.
"His only way out was through their back door and through the forest," said Talmadge Magno, Hawaii County Civil Defense administrator. "Kind of disturbingly, some people just refused to leave and so it kind of gives us terrifying insight into what's going on out there."
They added that the episode underscores the need for residents remaining in areas threatened by lava to be prepared to flee quickly. "They need to know their escape routes," they said.
Over the weekend, Josephine Kanani Keau learned that their family's home was lost to lava. A family friend shot photos of the home as a wall of lava advanced and as fire claimed the property.
"I never got to ... walk in my house one last time," they said, on their family's GoFundMe page, which had been started to help offset evacuation costs.
Keau said she's struggling to explain what happened to them son.
"All I can tell them is, 'Baby, I want to go home, too, but Pele took our home.'"
Petra Weisenbauer is also reeling from disaster whose end is nowhere in sight. They have lived in Leilani Estates for the last 20 years, running a bed and breakfast from their slide of paradise.
But three weeks ago, Weisenbauer issued $25,000 in refunds to customers who will never get the chance to fall asleep to the sound of cocqi frogs as they watched and waited for the possibility lava would wipe it all away.
They got the call just before midnight Sunday and was able to get on Monday morning to watch a chapter of their life come to an end. Now, Weisenbauer — who just got their degree in marriage and family therapy this past February — is looking toward a new beginning.
"From one second to the next, no transition," they said.
[Residents warned of hazardous air quality as explosions ramp up at Kilauea summit]
In addition to vigorous eruptions, authorities are concerned about worsening ground cracking, air quality issues, ashfall in communities downwind of Kilauea's summit, and lava threatening key thoroughfares, something that could spur additional evacuations.
Leilani Estates and Lanipuna Gardens subdivisions — home to about 2,000 — have been under mandatory evacuation orders since May 3. But last week, civil defense authorities acknowledged that at least 200 people have remained in the communities.
Meanwhile, lava flows continue to cascade into the ocean in lower Puna near MacKenzie State Park, creating plumes of "laze" — clouds of gas and shards of glass — that could force nearby residents to evacuate at a moment's notice.
As thousands of evacuees grow increasingly concerned about what the future holds, geologists say there's no way to tell when the volcanic activity will end. About 300 people are staying at three American Red Cross emergency shelters, while hundreds more are staying with friends and family.
Authorities continue to urge residents in lower Puna to be prepared to flee quickly, either because of the risk of lava flows or higher levels of sulfur dioxide.
A presidential disaster declaration has been issued for the ongoing Kilauea eruptions, which authorities have compared to months-long volcanic activity in February 1955, in which at least 24 separate volcanic vents opened up and lava covered about 3,900 acres over a period of 88 days.
This story will be updated.
Copyright 2018 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Ford and General Motors have differing views on autonomous vehicles. GM is planning on launching a number of Chevrolet Bolt EVs in various urban markets in 2019 for a ride-hailing service. Ford, on the other hand, is taking a different approach in terms of powertrain and use.
Ford's top sales executive, Jim Farley said their autonomous vehicle - due in 2021 - will be a hybrid vehicle with a focus on commercial applications. Farley explained that going with a hybrid powertrain would allow their vehicles to stay on the road longer thanks to a longer range when compared to EVs. The company expects their autonomous vehicles to be on the road for roughly 20 hours a day. Using an electric vehicle for this type of task doesn't make business sense as they would need to recharge constantly.
"Anytime you're not carrying goods and people, you're losing money. The most important thing is uptime and profitability. What we see is the [hybrid] is a much better cost-of-ownership model," said Farley.
The constant recharging also brings up another negative for electric vehicles, frequent replacement of the batteries due to increased degradation.
Ford has already announced a pilot program with Domino's pizza to do deliveries in a self-driving plan. Next year, Ford will this commercial idea to the test by putting a fleet of vehicles in a "yet-to-be-named test city" with a number of partners.
Source: Automotive News (Subscription Required)
Please let this picture be real. Please let this picture be real. PLLLLEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAASE!!!!!!!!!
WARNING! The following photograph contains an adorably fat squirrel running away with an avocado. We have to give Reddit user cdheiden a shoutout for sharing this gem of a moment.
At least he's stealing something healthy. Aren't avocados are the good kind of fat?
BRENTWOOD, Tenn. (AP) — The Ohio Valley Conference is expanding its postseason baseball tournament field to eight teams this year.
Conference officials announced the format change Tuesday. The Ohio Valley Conference previously had a six-team tournament.
The event will begin with a single-elimination game between the No. 7 and No. 8 seeds. The rest of the tournament will have a double-elimination format.
This year's tournament runs from May 23-28 at Choccolocco Park in Oxford, Alabama. Previous sites for the tournament have included Paducah, Kentucky (2001-09) and Jackson, Tennessee (2010-16).
The only previous time the Ohio Valley tournament included eight teams was in 1996.
Keep checking WDTN.com for the latest news, weather and sports. To get alerts for breaking news, grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. You can also sign up for email alerts here.
Don't miss another post on Facebook or Twitter for all the latest breaking news
5:11 Advocates of the Chumash Heritage National Marine Sanctuary explain why they support it Pause
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:38 Flying over Paso Robles in a Ford Tri-Motor airplane
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
2:52 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
1:53 Salud Carbajal talks about their priorities in Congress
2:06 Mayor, residents react to Wal-Mart's decision to not build a store in Atascadero
0:28 Atascadero Creek threatens nearby home
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Airbnb's edge on room prices depends on tax advantages
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Aishwarya & Salman, Are You Listening?
"Aishwarya (Rai Bachchan) looked so good with them in Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam. It's one of my favourite films of his. It's the perfect onscreen pairing for me."
Jacqueline Also Talked About Them First Meet With Salman
"We share a good chemistry. We're compatible. Salman has known me, not many people know this, from my early days in Bollywood. I was signed for Aladin (2009) when they probably saw me somewhere.
They asked me to meet them for London Dreams. After that I'd see them on and off at parties. In the past, they have suggested my name to David Dhawan sir, Sajid Nadiadwala and now Ramesh Taurani for Race 3. And all this without my knowing."
Jacqueline Looks Up To Big B, SRK & Salman
"Whenever I go through a rough patch, I think about Amitji (Bachchan), Salman (Khan), Shahrukh (Khan). What all these people must have gone through. They go through so much on a daily basis as well. But they overcome it. They're my inspirations."
PeeCee Inspires Jacqueline Too!
"Even Priyanka Chopra has gone through so much. She's the biggest inspiration to so many of us. My issues are nothing compared to what a lot of people have been through," added the Race 3 actor.
Jacqueline On Them Love Life - Would They Ever Date An Actor?
When asked about the same, they said, "No! Most probably not. I'm good friends with actors. I love them. I can relate to them. I empathise with them. But I'd not be able to date an actor."
And.. They Have Got Them Own Reasons!
"There's just too much going on in an actor's life. It's preoccupying and you have to be someone who can take a lot. I don't want that stress in my life.
Actors need supportive people around them. As for me, I'm independent and do my own thing. So, I need someone who can complement that."
What Kind Of Guy Jacqueline Would Love To Have By Them Side?
"I don't know why you need someone to complete yourself. People ask things like when are you getting married? Why aren't you dating someone? But I ask, why has marriage become such a necessity? It's so unfair; you're your own person."
Jacqueline On Marriage
"Why is it always about a man? A man must come into your life; you should be dating someone, you need to be married! Honestly, if it happens. If it doesn't, it doesn't.
People shouldn't make an issue out of it. I don't see how it would make a difference to my life. I believe there's too much pressure on girls. They feel terrible about it when they shouldn't."
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Chinese fantasy role playing game has 50m active players
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Want help looking and feeling your best? Sign up for our Health & Beauty newsletter!
Sign up
By Abby Hassler
Green Day's Billie Joe Armstrong has always been outspoken about their political beliefs. Following the tragedy in Charlottesville, Virgina, over the weekend, Armstrong felt the need to speak out against the white supremacists who caused much of the violence.
Related: Billie Joe Armstrong Wins #TBT with Childhood Studio Photo
“My heart feels heavy. I feel like what happened in Charlottesville goes beyond the point of anger,” Armstrong wrote on Facebook. “It makes me sad and desperate. shocked. I f—— hate racism more than anything.”
“The spirit of Green Day has always been about rising above oppression. and sticking up for what you believe in and singing it at the top of your lungs,” Armstrong continued. “We grew up fearing nuclear holocaust because of the cold war. those days are feeling way too relevant these days. these issues are our ugly past.. and now it's coming to haunt us. always resist these doomsday politicians. and in the words of our punk forefathers .. Nazi punks f— off.”
Questions, Comments or News Stories Contact Owner/Publisher Jonathan Taylor 410-422-2948 Or email me at jtlesn@comcast.net
In a rather shocking development, the Supreme Court recently pulled up Tamil star Rajinikanth's wife Latha for failing to pay the Rs 6.20 Crore they owe a noted advertising company. While rebuking the former playback singer, the Supreme Court also asked them to either clear their dues or face trial. The SC has given them nearly a week to make it clear whether they plan to clear the dues. The advertising firm was associated with the highly ambitious 2014 release Kochadaiiyaan and had given nearly Rs 10 Crore to Latha's company.
The lady's company was supposed to refund the amount and pay an additional Rs 1.2 Crore as 'guaranteed profit'.
Latha's troubles started when a trial court asked the Police to look into the matter. In 2016, the Karnataka High Court quashed the order. Following this, the advertising company approached the Supreme Court. Earlier this year, the 'apex court' made it clear that they would have to clear the dues.
In case you did not know, Kochadaiiyaan was directed by Soundarya Rajinikanth and marked their directorial debut. Shot using motion capture technology, it featured Rajinikanth and Bollywood actor Deepika Padukone in the lead. The supporting cast featured names such as Jackie Shroff, Nassar and R Sarathkumar. Released on May 23, 2014, it opened to a good response at the box office but ultimately failed to live up to the expectations. Its distributors suffered losses and this proved to be an embarrassment for 'Thalaiva'.
Interestingly, this controversy involving Latha comes at a time when the Superstar is busy with their political commitments. On the film front, they currently have 2.0 and a film with Karthik Subbaraj in their kitty. 2.0 is a Shankar directorial and will see Rajini reprise their Chitti character from the 2010 hit Enthiran. Recently, it was reported that the makers of 2.0 are in a fix because of the unsatisfactory performance of Kaala. As such, it is not very clear when the sci-fi thriller will ultimately hit the screens.
Photo: Travis Shinn
By Scott T. Sterling
Judas Priest is turning up the heat.
The heavy metal legends have released the title track from their new album, Firepower, which drops March 9.
The blistering new track seethes with the unbridled energy of classic Priest, featuring fiery twin guitar histrionics — courtesy of Glenn Tipton and Richie Faulkner (playing on their second Priest album) — along with the trademark double-bass drumming of Scott Travis. Singer Rob Halford also delivers an impassioned vocal performance on the muscular track.
Related:
Judas Priest Return with Fiery ‘Lightning Strike' Video: Watch
Megadeth Bring Vic Rattlehead to Life in ‘Lying in State' Video: Watch
“Firepower” follows, “Lightning Strike,” which is also a conflagration of precision riffs and aggressive, melodic vocals.
The band will support Firepower with a North American tour featuring NWOBHM veterans Saxon and emerging outfit Black Star Riders. The tour kicks off March 13 in Wilkes Barre, Pennsylvania and dates are scheduled through May 1 in San Antonio, Texas before the band head to Mexico, then Europe.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Kayla Linton was a healthy, all-around athlete, but being fit did not protect them from the flu.
Linton, who died last week in Baltimore, is among the dozens of often perfectly healthy children who die from influenza every year in the U.S.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Flu Deaths Spiking Among Children, CDC Report Shows 1:36 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
It's shaping up to be an average flu season so far in the U.S. last year, but even an average flu season is deadly, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says.
CDC says 15 children under 18 have died in the 2016-2017 flu season. It's probably more than that — it takes a few weeks for CDC to gather the information, and not all states report flu deaths quickly or in the same way. In the last flu season, 89 children died.
Related: Flu Can Kill in a Flash
Linton, 17, was only sick for a few days.
"It's completely shocking," their older brother, William Linton, told NBC News.
"She's a perfect, healthy little girl. They played sports. They were involved with everything. It's just shocking that the flu could kill them like that."
Related: One Boy's Death Reminds How Dangerous Flu Can Be
Kayla did not have any especially troubling symptoms at first, William says, although their mother took them to a retail clinic and then to the hospital emergency room for a flu diagnosis.
"Later out through the week they aren't getting any better. Then early Saturday morning they asked for help to go to the bathroom and when they got up they were having trouble breathing," William Linton said.
"Then, a few minutes later that's when they stopped breathing, and they couldn't do anything to bring them back when the ambulance picked them up."
Flu usually hits the very young and the very old the hardest. Depending on the season, it kills anywhere between 4,000 and 50,000 people a year in the United States. Because each flu case is not counted, public health experts have to estimate flu's toll.
Related: Flu Season Getting Worse, CDC Says
But every pediatric death is counted.
CDC says a child does not have to be frail or to have any underlying condition to become very ill from flu or to die.
"She was never sick. They played sports, three sports all year," William Linton said.
While the influenza vaccine is not always very effective, the CDC says it's the best protection against infection and against having a serious bout of flu. Doctors say it's still not too late to get one but urge people to get vaccinated in the fall if they can.
Right now influenza is spreading in all 50 states, and some communities are closing schools for a few days to control its spread. Rhea County schools in Tennessee just reopened after being closed Friday and Monday because so many students and teachers were out sick.
SHARE COPY LINK Heavy rain forecast to soak Northern California the next few days could cause flooding, authorities say. They have urged people near waterways to prepare, and the use of sandbags could be necessary. This is the correct way to fill and place sandba McClatchy Sacramento County Water Resources
Heavy rain forecast to soak Northern California the next few days could cause flooding, authorities say. They have urged people near waterways to prepare, and the use of sandbags could be necessary. This is the correct way to fill and place sandba McClatchy Sacramento County Water Resources
General Motors boss Barra to answer concerns over Peugeot deal
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Rob Gronkowski has been known to appreciate a good party — even if they don't receive an invitation.
Over the weekend, CBS Sports NFL writer John Breech celebrated their bachelor party with friends, and a giant leprechaun showed up because St. Patrick's Day and whatnot.
The very large leprechaun, though, was none other than Gronk.
I think Rob Gronkowski just crashed my bachelor party in disguise. Not sure if he's going to retire, but said they could be playing for the "69ers" next season. I love my job. I love Gronk. #Patriots pic.twitter.com/ySWLHhjuJN — John Breech (@johnbreech) March 17, 2018
Breech even tried to get the inside scoop on Gronk's NFL future, as they should have. After all, it's not everyday that a 6-foot-7 NFL star/leprechaun rolls up to your bachelor party unannounced.
Should have told you they were on the way. Hope you had a good time. pic.twitter.com/hStD9d7Rem — Troy Weinberg (@Troy_Weinberg) March 18, 2018
Gronk said that they might play for the “69ers” next season, according to Breech. Gronkowski evidently told a fan that they aren't retiring and then played it coy around Breech upon learning that they were a reporter.
I'm drinking at my bachelor party, so roll with this as you will… but Gronk was in the booth next to me at a bar, told a patriot fan they AreN'T retiring. My dad (all-time leading scorer for Bengals) talked to him. Told them I was media, said TBD on retirement — John Breech (@johnbreech) March 17, 2018
I'm guessing actual NFL reporting was the last thing Breech expected to do for their St. Patrick's Day bachelor party, but it was an excellent effort.
0:47 Great white shark caught on video in Morro Bay Pause
1:24 Woods Humane Society nearly out of animals after Black Friday sale
0:50 Merging Woods, North County humane societies will be 'a great help'
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:28 Atascadero's Elijah Cooks turns Lompoc game into dunk contest
2:02 SLO County shelter pup Sugar Bear has wheels to get around. Watch them go.
Paso Robles junior Steven Scruggs cruised to a win in the 1,600-meter race at the 44th Annual Elks SLO County Track Meet sponsored and officiated by Oceano Elks Lodge 2504 on Saturday, April 21, 2018. Travis Gibson tgibson@thetribunenews.com
Nicki Minaj confirmed that their much talked about new banger “Chun-Li” has sold over 500,000 copies in the United States which means their gold plaque from the Recording Industry Association of America, RIAA, is on the way.
“Chun-Li has been certified GOLD. Thank you to everyone for your support,” Nicki wrote on Instagram.
Nicki Minaj says they recorded the song in five minutes while vibing with their producers in the studio. Now “Chin-Li” is one of their biggest hits after peaking in the top ten on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
Congrats Nicki! Peep the “Chun Li” Video below!
Nicki Minaj's “Chun-Li” Now Certified Gold! was originally published on hot1079philly.com
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Actress and TV host Sarah Jane Dias, who has acted in movies such as Angry Indian Goddesses and web series Inside Edge say taking up challenging roles and putting yourself in uncomfortable situation is the best way to find yourself in life. In an interview to IANS, Sarah talked about being in web series and how it has helped them grow. Sarah said, "I have read this very often and I firmly believe, the only way to grow is to put yourself in to an uncomfortable situation and challenge your fears."
"When I first started doing web series, it was a completely new phase to me. My first one was 'Inside Edge'. In a way, it was both, comfortable and uncomfortable for me. Comfortable because I was working with reputed companies and uncomfortable because it is a completely a brand-new phase for me." They further added.
Sarah who plays the role of a journalist in the web series Inside Edge said, "web is now so popular, it is so widespread and the demand is so much because consumers are binge watching them.... you have the opportunity to work with a lot of new blood, a lot of new and fresh energies. You are learning not only from the people who are well experienced but also from people who are new and that's a really nice mix for anybody, be it an actor or anybody at any job."
The actor is currently seen on Season 3 of Great Escape alongside musician Vishal Dadlani. The duo travel to the less explored regions of Himachal Pradesh.
There's so much to see and do this season across the state so TourismOhio is providing a central location to find all of the places where fa…
Good job, me! Nicholas Kamm / AFP / Getty Images
The internet has been in an absolute tizzy after Roseanne Barr's racist tweet about former Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett caused ABC to ax Barr's wildly successful Roseanne reboot. Though plenty of people (especially Black Twitter) are thrilled to see the show go, the reboot did offer a fascinating look at middle-class life in Trump's America. As a result, we've all been holding our breath waiting for the president's inevitable Twitter reaction. And folks, here it is, in all its narcissistic glory:
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let them know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, they never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
There's a lot going on here. Not only is The Donald taking this opportunity to rehash a year-old beef with Iger, he's making a landmark cultural moment about their favorite thing in the world: himself. (It's unclear exactly which “HORRIBLE” ABC statements Trump is referring to—late-night host Jimmy Kimmel regularly goes in on the president, as does The View's Joy Behar.) Iger left Trump's financial advisory panel in June 2017, saying that, after Trump withdrew from the Paris Agreement, their participation in the administration became a “matter of principle.”
Given that Roseanne was, for many, a cultural landmark of the Trump era, it's somewhat surprising that the president didn't express solidarity with Barr. It's also unclear what the difference is between making and saying a statement. But, at the end of the day, Trump's gonna Trump.
In recent years, the U.S. national anthem has been up for debate due to protests from athletes on social issues.
But no matter what you think of the demonstrations, a great singer could have you standing, jumping for joy or just plain catching the spirit.
With the Super Bowl coming up on Sunday, many folks are anticipating Pink‘s take on “The Star-Spangled Banner.” They have a lot to live up to.
Some of the greatest singers of our generation have brought new life to the song and a creative approach could cement your name in history.
Swipe through to watch our top picks for the well known song, and let us know if you agree on Twitter and Facebook!
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9Next page »
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
WASHINGTON (AP) — Once an absentee first lady, Melania Trump embraced their moment in the spotlight Tuesday for the French president's state visit, ditching their trademark dark sunglasses and shining in a look-at-me white skirt suit and matching hat.
All eyes were again on Mrs. Trump on Tuesday evening when they stepped out in a Chanel gown to greet Emmanuel Macron and their wife, Brigitte, as they arrived for the first state dinner of Trump's administration. Mrs. Trump's black Chantilly lace haute couture gown was hand-painted with silver and embroidered with crystal and sequins, according to their spokesperson.
It was another big fashion statement for the former model.
Earlier Tuesday, Mrs. Trump wore the stylish belted suit with their broad-brimmed chapeau for their public appearances, including on a brief outing to the National Gallery of Art with Mrs. Macron to view an exhibit of works by French painter Paul Cezanne.
The hat stayed atop their head as they returned to the White House and took their front-row seat in the East Room for the president's joint news conference with Macron. It bobbed up and down across the bottom of television screens as they entered the room and again as they rose to leave, spawning many a Twitter meme.
The hat was designed by Herve Pierre, the first lady's French-born stylist, according to Mrs. Trump's office.
“Designing is too big a word for a hat that classical,” Pierre texted The Associated Press.
The skirt suit was a creation of Michael Kors, a designer the first lady has worn in the past.
Mrs. Trump was largely absent from Washington during the first six months of the administration, opting to continue living full time at the family's Trump Tower penthouse in New York City so their now-12-year-old son, Barron, wouldn't have to change schools in the middle of the year.
They were rarely seen — and even more rarely heard — during those months, even after they finally moved to Washington last June.
But they seem to be trying to change that, even pushing back publicly against them critics. They recently convened a White House discussion on cyberbullying, an issue they identified as their platform despite their husband's penchant for belittling and berating their foes on Twitter. They acknowledged that people were skeptical of their commitment to curb cyberbullying but said it would not stop them from doing what they believe is right: helping children and the next generation.
Mrs. Trump's white outfit Tuesday recalled another high-profile occasion, the president's first State of the Union address, when the first lady wore a white pantsuit. Trump gave the speech shortly after news broke earlier this year that their personal attorney had paid adult-film star Stormy Daniels $130,000 just before the 2016 presidential election to keep quiet about a sexual encounter Trump says didn't happen.
Inquiring minds wondered what kind of statement the first lady sought to make with them attire.
Them first state dinner seems to be another area where they are aiming to make a statement. The White House stressed that Mrs. Trump, who planned their 2005 wedding, had a hand in every detail of what is the social denouement of Macron's visit. They released a brief video showing them working on the details with their staff, including the menu and the cream-and-gold table settings.
Clearly in their comfort zone, Mrs. Trump was seen exchanging pleasantries in French with members of Macron's delegation during the outdoor arrival ceremony. Them Louboutin stilettos also paid homage to the colors of the French flag with their trademark red sole, towering white heel and blue body.
About 130 guests, seated at round candle-lit tables decorated with bouquets of white flowers, will dine on rack of lamb and nectarine tart served on a mix of china settings from the presidencies of Bill Clinton and George W. Bush. After-dinner entertainment will be courtesy of the Washington National Opera.
State dinner tickets are highly sought after by Washington's political and business elite and the rather small guest list, compared to the hundreds of guests who came to some of President Barack Obama's dinners, gives Tuesday night's soiree a more exclusive feel. Among those in attendance are Vice President Mike Pence, Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts, former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger, Apple CEO Tim Cook and two Winter Olympians, who flashed their gold medals on their way into the pre-dinner reception.
In a break with tradition, Trump excluded congressional Democrats and journalists, said a White House official who was not authorized to discuss the arrangements publicly. But some Democrats did make the cut, including Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The man who shot a member of congress and four other people Wednesday had apparently volunteered for Bernie Sanders' 2016 presidential campaign, the Vermont senator said Wednesday before assailing violence as “unacceptable in our society.”
“I am sickened by this despicable act,” said Sanders, an independent.
Sanders, 75, unsuccessfully sought the Democratic nomination against Hillary Clinton. They ran a passionate, anti-establishment campaign that won support from many younger, liberal voters and gave Clinton a closer race than many expected, but they eventually backed them candidacy.
The senator spoke hours after a man identified as James T. Hodgkinson of Belleville, Illinois, opened fire on Republican lawmakers, aides and others practicing baseball in suburban Alexandria, Virginia. Officers shot Hodgkinson, who later died.
Sanders issued a two-paragraph statement on the shooting and read it nearly verbatim on the Senate floor. They ignored a reporter's attempt to ask them questions, walking briskly out of the Capitol after a vote.
“Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society, and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms,” Sanders said. “Real change can only come about through nonviolent action, and anything else runs against our most deeply held American values.”
Robert Becker, director of Sanders' Iowa campaign, said staff workers could not recall Hodgkinson. Hodgkinson was said to have been among 1,000 volunteers around Davenport, but Becker said, “Nobody has a recollection of this guy coming in.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
NEW YORK (AP) – Dick Clark Productions is hitting back against Mariah Carey's claim it sabotaged their live performance on its “New Year's Rockin' Eve” special.
Carey's disaster during the annual New Year's Eve special made international headlines: The superstar vocally stumbled through their short set in Times Square, failing to sing for most of it despite a pre-recorded track of their songs playing in the background.
Carey was visibly upset during the performance and afterward tweeted “(expletive) happens.”
Carey representative Nicole Perna blames technical difficulties. In an interview with Billboard they said Dick Clark Productions hampered Carey's performance and “set them up to fail.”
The production company calls such claims “absurd.”
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
1/2/2017 12:40:02 AM (GMT -5:00)
By Jane B. Mansaray
The matter against the Attorney General and Minster of Justice, the Chairman National Electoral Commission and the Speaker of Parliament was yesterday struck out of court by the five Supreme Court Justices chaired by the Chief Justice of Sierra Leone, Justice Abdulai Hamid Charm.
The ruling of the five Judges came about after both respondents and plaintiffs' counsels had made their submissions and applications based on the notices of motion served and dated in May 2017 for hearing.
In their application based on the documents filed by the plaintiffs before the supreme Court Judges, the second respondent applicant (NEC) Lawyer, Glenna Thomson first asked the question as to “what exactly the plaintiff wanted the court to do with such a matter that was not properly before the court for hearing”? They said in the plaintiff affidavit there were so many typographical errors with regards to names listed in the affidavit filed in.
Counsel furthered that, as far as Section 91 of the Constitution of Sierra Leone and the parliamentary standing order are concerned, no Court is required to know what Parliament does as they regulate themselves and they are empowered to make, amend and evoke laws.
They therefore submitted that as far as the matter was concerned, the Court lacks the jurisdiction to declare anything done by Parliament null and void but to obey.
Such decision by the plaintiffs, according to counsel's submissions must be struck out as it is not properly before the court.
They further submitted that Section 38 of the 1991 constitution does not make any case for interpretation and at the same time has no legal authority or support or interpret the said section.
In support of their submissions, Lawyer Thomson made reference to Dr. Sama Banya, Dr. Prince Harding Vs the Sierra Leone Peoples Party (SLPP) Supreme Court Judgments 2005 and relied on Section 94 of sub-section 2 of the 1991 constitution.
In their reply to counsel's submissions, Lawyer Ibrahim Sorie Koroma who also doubles as one of the plaintiffs in the matter said they relied on the entirety of their affidavit sworn to on the 12th June 2017, Rule 98 and 103 of the High Court Rules.
They submitted that the reasons of compliance should not be enough reason for striking out their case.
Plaintiff Counsel went on to submit that it would be unfair to construe section 94 sub-section 2 alone in relation to the matter in court, as section 124 sub-section1 gave the court the jurisdictions to interpret the national constitution of Sierra Leone.
They said the interpretation of section 38 sub-section 5 creates an injustice and at the same time it is not proper for counsel on the other side to raise a preliminary objection to the matter.
After the legal submissions by counsels, the Chief Justice Abdulai Hamid Charm in reading the ruling in support of the other Judges said that in coordinating the notice of motion dated 3th May 2017 the matter is struck out but the plaintiffs could come back if they so wish.
It will be recalled in June 2017 the respondents, including the Chairman of the National Electoral Commission (NEC) Mohamed Nfa Alie Conteh, Attorney General and Minister of Justice Mr. Joseph F. Kamara and the Honorable Speaker of Parliament, Hon. S.B.B. Dumbuya were brought before the Supreme Court of Sierra Leone for misinterpreting Section 38 sub-section 5 of Act No.6 of the 1991 Constitution of Sierra Leone.
This was brought to the notice of the Court by the plaintiffs' Lawyer, Ibrahim Sorie Koroma, Ibrahim Nfa Alie Kabba and Sidique Kanu for a legal action against the above mentioned public officials, asking the Supreme Court to interpret the said section relating to the process of dealing with boundary delimitations of constituencies and re-distribution of the various areas marked by government as new districts.
During the first hearing of the matter, the plaintiffs sought an injunction limiting the activities of voter and civic registration until after the hearing and determination of the case.
EDITORIAL: Bethlehem Board took common sense approach
There is a lot of misinformation out there over so-called sanctuary cities.
In fact, there is no hard and fast definition of what constitutes a city that wants to be a sanctuary. In general, it means local law enforcement won't detain a person based solely on immigration status. It can also mean benefits, like food stamps and other subsidies, are extended to everyone regardless of citizenship.
The Bethlehem Town Board grappled with the idea on Feb. 8 in front of one of the largest crowds in recent memory.
In the end, after hearing the opinion of 58 residents, the board opted to direct the Police Department to just keep doing what it has been doing, or not doing.
Police will not actively seek out illegal immigrants, and will not ask crime victims or witnesses their immigration status unless it is relevant to an investigation.
It's a common sense approach.
Town police officers do not work for the federal Immigration and Naturalization Service and have no business hunting around Bethlehem making sure everyone has a green card.
Also, immigration status should not matter to police while investigating a crime. For example, officers should be no less vigilant investigating a hypothetical armed robbery on Delaware Avenue if the victim were a lawyer named Smith or an apple picker named Gonzalez.
Police officers, we trust, would have this frame of mind anyway, but fears of deportation can and do hinder their work.
Take the 2014 quadruple homicide of a Chinese family living in Guilderland.
Authorities are no closer to catching the killer today than they were when they found Jin Chen, their wife Hai Uan Li and their two children Anthony and Eddy slaughtered in their Western Avenue home on Oct. 8, 2014.
Despite District Attorney David Soares extending a vow of immunity from deportation to any potential witness, none came forward.
They attributed the lack of cooperation to cultural differences, like a language barrier, but also to an overwhelming fear of law enforcement among the community, many of whom are, they said, here illegally.
What is more important? Catching and deporting someone washing dishes without a green card? Or catching someone evil enough to kill a family a four?
How to convincingly convey that message to those who are breaking the law, and who struggle to speak and understand our language is a difficult, if not a nearly impossible, task.
It's made more difficult by the anti-immigration sentiments sweeping the country. But also, since the murders happened long before President Trump screamed “Build the Wall,” exemplifies why immigration is more than a rallying cry for those on the far left and far right. It does impact real people.
This is a nation of immigrants, and while the goal is to have all of those wanting to live here follow the proper legal channels, we don't think it's the responsibility of local police departments to make sure that happens.
They have more important things to worry about.
Share this: Email
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Reddit
Google
Like this: Like Loading...
Related
Comment on this Story
Fireworks to mark the Fourth of July holiday explode as fans sit on the outfield grass of Coors Field after a baseball game Tuesday in Denver.
David Zalubowski, AP Images
Fireworks, food and family: Get the most out of the Fourth of July
Happy birthday, America! Looking to show your love for the red, white and blue? Here's what you need to know to make the most out of your holiday week:
Heat, humidity and perhaps rain on these parades
Across the nation, high temperatures, humid air and thunderstorms are anticipated, possibility putting an end to outdoor Fourth of July festivities and fireworks for some. For northern states such as Minnesota, the upper Midwest and western portions of Wisconsin, severe thunderstorms are a high possibility — and will be accompanied with large hail and damaging winds. From the Rockies to the East Coast, temperatures in the 90s are predicted, with highs of 100 degrees in the Desert Southwest. While temperatures along the West Coast and into the Northwest will range from the 60s to 80s, humidity is expected to remain in form control of the Plains all the way to the East.
Summer's heat starts to sizzle A boy cools off from the heat on the Swann Memorial Fountains in Logan Square Park, in Philadelphia, June 17, 2018. 01 / 07 A boy cools off from the heat on the Swann Memorial Fountains in Logan Square Park, in Philadelphia, June 17, 2018. 01 / 07
Or just stay inside to watch these shows and movies
July Fourth is big for America. And for Hollywood. Once you get your fill of sparklers and corn on the cob, here's our movie viewing guide for every mood you might find yourself in. And here's what you can binge-watch from home, whether you are a war-movie buff or you're looking for some fireworks.
Rescuers start to teach boys trapped in Thai cave to dive
Rescue workers assisted by Thai navy SEALs started teaching some members of a young soccer team and their coach how to swim and dive Wednesday, more than a week after they became trapped in a cave in northern Thailand. The boys, aged 11-16, and their 25-year-old coach, have been stranded deep inside the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in Chiang Rai province for 12 days. They disappeared after they went exploring after a soccer game on June 23 and were found by rescue divers late Monday. But risky conditions, challenging terrain and heavy rains forecast for the weekend have complicated plans to safely extract them.
Search for trapped soccer team in Thailand Thai officials carry oxygen tanks through a cave complex during a rescue operation for a missing soccer team at the Tham Luang cave in Chiang Rai, Thailand, July 1, 2018. Rescuers in northern Thailand looked for alternative ways into a flooded cave as they continued the search for 12 boys and their soccer coach who have been missing in Tham Luang Nang Non cave after monsoon rains blocked the main entrance. U.S. Forces and British divers joined the search as they worked their way through submerged passageways in the sprawling underground caverns as the search intensifies for the young soccer team, aged between 11 to 16, and their their 25-year-old coach. 01 / 08 Thai officials carry oxygen tanks through a cave complex during a rescue operation for a missing soccer team at the Tham Luang cave in Chiang Rai, Thailand, July 1, 2018. Rescuers in northern Thailand looked for alternative ways into a flooded cave as they continued the search for 12 boys and their soccer coach who have been missing in Tham Luang Nang Non cave after monsoon rains blocked the main entrance. U.S. Forces and British divers joined the search as they worked their way through submerged passageways in the sprawling underground caverns as the search intensifies for the young soccer team, aged between 11 to 16, and their their 25-year-old coach. 01 / 08
Stars headline action-packed Wimbledon round
Wimbledon rolls on Wednesday at the England Club with several marquee names in action. The women's draw sees both Williams sisters in action as No. 9 seed Venus Williams takes on Alexandra Dulgheru (8 a.m. ET) while No. 25 seed Serena Williams faces Viktoriya Tomova (12:30 p.m. ET). Fellow American Madison Keys, in the No. 10 spot, leads off by taking on Luksika Kumkhum at 6:30 a.m. ET. The big highlight on the men's side is, who else, No. 1 Roger Federer. The defending champion takes on Lukas Lacko at 10 a.m. ET.
Top shots from the 2018 Wimbledon Championships Heather Watson of Great Britain accidentally throws their racket during first-round match against Kirsten Flipkens. 01 / 21 Heather Watson of Great Britain accidentally throws their racket during first-round match against Kirsten Flipkens. 01 / 21
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
TROY, Ohio (WDTN) – Zac Pitts, Hutch Konerman and Ethan Fitzgerald take the Operation Football Tailgate of the Week to Troy where Troy plays host to Butler in the Game of the Week.
Sinclair Community College and Lee's Famous Recipe Chicken are on hand as well.
Zac and Hutch have all the happenings at the Tailgate and Ethan will be on the sidelines for the Game of the Week.
Thanks for to the fine folks at Troy High School for hosting the tailgate party. Be sure to join us next Friday night when the party rolls into Northmont.
Image caption Dr Kennedy said the hornets could carry the tracking device which could be up to 80% of the insect's weight
Scientists have made a breakthrough in the fight to stop the spread of Asian hornets in the UK.
A team from the University of Exeter used electronic radio tags to track the invasive species, which kill and eat bees, to their nests.
Professor Juliet Osbourne said the new technology will help authorities find nests early, which was "vital" to stop them "colonising the UK".
Asian hornets have been seen in Spain, France, the Channel Islands and the UK.
Last year, the team, based at the university's Penryn campus in Cornwall, travelled to France and Jersey to conduct tests which aimed to find a quicker method of locating Asian hornet nests so they could be destroyed.
Dr Peter Kennedy, who led the research, said the team captured and partially froze hornets in order to place the radio tags on them with a sewing thread.
The team were able to track the insects up to 0.8 miles (1.3km).
Image copyright John de Carteret Image caption Asian hornets pose no greater risk to human health than a British bee or wasp sting
"Our new method of tracking offers a really important new tool to tackle the spread of this invader, providing an efficient means of finding hornets' nests in urban, rural and wooded environments," Dr Kennedy said.
The team were part funded by beekeepers in the south west and the Department for the Environment Food and Rural Affairs (Defra), which is "preparing for future outbreaks" of the invasive species in the UK.
Nicola Spence, Defra Deputy Director for Plant and Bee Health, said: "This work is key for ensuring a rapid response to Asian hornets when sightings are confirmed."
Over the last decade Asian hornets have spread across western Europe. In 2012 two nests were detected in northern Spain, but scientists say in 2016 this had spread to more than 10,000.
The species was first seen in Britain in Gloucestershire in 2016, but there were further sightings in Woolacombe, Devon, last year.
In April, a single hornet was found in Lancashire.
They have also been spotted in Jersey and Guernsey in the Channel Islands.
Identifying an Asian hornet (Vespa velutina)
Image copyright PA
Asian hornet queens are up to 3cm (1.2in) in length, while workers are up to 2.5cm (1in)
Entirely dark brown or black velvety body, bordered with a fine yellow band
Only one band on the abdomen, with the fourth abdominal segment almost entirely yellow/orange
Brown legs with yellow ends
Black head with an orange-yellow face
Source: National Bee Unit
Not many are aware but Preity Zinta and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan are best friends. Not just Aish, Preity is also very close to their hubby Abhishek Bachchan.
Recently, Preity Zinta shared a lovely throwback picture with Aishwarya Rai Bachchan on their Instagram account. Check it out below.
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau filed a lawsuit Monday against an Ohio law firm for allegedly engaging in illegal debt collection practices by failing to determine whether millions of consumers actually owed a debt.
The CFPB alleged that Weltman, Weinberg & Reis in Cleveland sent collection letters falsely implying that lawyers had reviewed a consumer's account or made a determination that the consumer actually owed a debt.
FAANG stocks have been the generals of the bull market, leading the way. And when generals call for a change in direction, investors need to pay attention.
A big change is happening to FAANG stocks that every investor needs to know. The change is also spilling over into other sectors.
FAANG stocks are Facebook FB, -6.77% Amazon AMZN, -1.70% Apple AAPL, -1.53% Netflix NFLX, -1.56% and Google GOOG, -3.16% GOOGL, -3.03%
Let us explore this issue with the help of a chart.
Read: Why the case for betting against Facebook is ‘building fast'
Chart
Please click here for the updated chart. The chart shows segmented money flows for FAANG stocks. The chart also shows money flows for popular tech stocks AMD AMD, -0.35% Alibaba BABA, -2.87% Microsoft MSFT, -1.81% Nvidia NVDA, -3.78% and Tesla TSLA, -2.42%
Please click here to see the money flows that were previously published. Please note the following by comparing the two charts.
• The momo (momentum) money flows in FAANG stocks have turned negative from extremely positive.
• Smart money flows for the most part have not changed. The smart money is professional investors.
• Smart money flows are stuck in neutral in FAANG stocks.
To learn more about the money flows and rankings shown on the chart, please see, “Here's the No. 1 tech stock, according to money flows.”
Ask Arora: Nigam Arora answers your questions about investing in stocks, ETFs, bonds, gold and silver, oil and currencies. Have a question? Send it to Nigam Arora.
The big change
During most of the bull market, momo money flows have been positive to extremely positive in FAANG stocks. Now for the first time, there are early signs of the momo crowd turning on FAANG stocks.
To be clear, this is not an all out “sell” signal on FAANG stocks for two reasons.
• The smart money is still not selling into the weakness. As The Arora Report has been sharing with its subscribers, the smart money has been lightly selling into the strength.
• The momo crowd is fickle.
Three fundamental changes
Here are the three fundamental changes behind the turn.
• Facebook is under fire because its data has been misused. Is Facebook data a weapon that Facebook cannot completely control?
• The European Union may impose a 3% tax on gross revenues on big tech companies. If this happens, it will hurt earnings.
• There is a report that Apple is working on its own display technology. This will hurt many Apple suppliers. The ones that are seeing an immediate effect in their stock prices are Universal Display OLED, -12.10% LG Display LPL, -1.91% and Synaptics SYNA, -2.03%
Five stages you need to know
To profit from change, investors need to know the five stages of change. Please click here to see the chart showing the five stages for a “buy” position. Please click here to see the five stages of a “short” position. A short position is a bet on a decline in a stock.
What to do now
The Arora Report subscribers have been provided with detailed guidance. What you do now depends on the following factors.
• Are you overly concentrated in FAANG stocks?
• Are you overly concentrated in tech stocks?
• Have you been taking partial profits along the way?
• When did you buy those stocks?
• Based on the size of your unrealized gains, what are the tax consequences?
Finally, watch the flows to see if a buying opportunity develops or more partial profits need to be taken.
Disclosure: Subscribers to The Arora Report may have positions in the securities mentioned in this article or may take positions at any time. Nigam Arora is an investor, engineer and nuclear physicist by background, and has founded two Inc. 500 fastest-growing companies.  They are the founder of The Arora Report, which publishes four newsletters. Nigam can be reached at Nigam@TheAroraReport.com.
Former model Faviola Dadis, left, reads from a statement at a news conference with their attorney, Lisa Bloom, center, in Los Angeles Monday, March 19, 2018. Dadis, an aspiring actor says they were 17 when actor Steven Seagal sexually assaulted them during a supposed casting session in 2002. At right, Regina Simons who has also accused Seagal of sexual misconduct. Seagal's attorney has not responded to a request for comment about Dadis' allegations. Andrew Dalton AP Photo
So Josh from Queens of the Stone Age helped JD with this song. If you know from QOTSA, you can totally hear it.
Govt is useless and de people helpless
Guyana always want to ketch up wid de rest of de world. Everything, every fashion, every style, every drink. Guyanese got to copy. Even to de talks.
Jagdeo, that scamp, copy from Trump and talk about fake news. Joe Shan copy from Jagdeo and they're too talking bout fake news.
Everything about Babbie and Jagdeo is fake, right down to de drugs.
Now Guyana ketch up wid everybody and everything.
Our phone is wireless
Cooking is fireless;
Cars are keyless;
Food is fatless;
Tyres are tubeless,
Tools are cordless,
Dresses are sleeveless,
Youths are jobless
And our leaders are shameless.
Relationships are meaningless;
Attitudes are careless,
Wives are fearless,
Babies are fatherless,
Feelings are heartless,
Education is valueless
Children are meaningless
And our government is useless.
Parliament is clueless,
And de masses are helpless
And most of dem are speechless.
Talk half and hope City Council sh*t less, so people can pay less, so dem big boys can tief less.
SAN GWANN, MALTA--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - The Gaming Standards Association and GSA Europe gained significant support from online gaming companies for its work on a new standard, the Third Party Interface (TPI). The Online Gaming Committee (OGC) will enjoy wider membership participation to accelerate completion of the standard. This new standard, specifically for the online gaming industry, will simplify system integration between content providers and platform providers. Further, the TPI will reduce support costs by providing a single API, supported by GSA, avoiding multiple proprietary interfaces.
The Third Party Interface is the latest sign that GSA Europe and its members are fulfilling their mission promise to create practical solutions that address real issues facing suppliers, operators, and regulators in jurisdictions across Europe. GSA anticipates that TPI will be released before the end of 2017, after the completion of alpha testing.
Chris Hobbs, Director of Corporate Affairs, Microgaming, a GSA Platinum Member Company said, "We have evaluated the Third Party Interface standard and believe it has the potential to be a valuable tool for Microgaming. In particular use of the Third Party Interface should bring about a number of benefits, and we are looking forward to working within GSA's Technical Committee to help drive additional functionality in support of our business objectives."
Francesco Rodano, Chief Policy Officer, Playtech added, "As a Platinum Member of GSA, Playtech has taken a leadership role in development of the Third Party Interface. This interface will simplify and expedite integration efforts with content providers as well as potentially reduce ongoing maintenance and support. We have been alpha testing this solution with very positive results and look forward to working within GSA's Technical Committee to continue driving additional functionality in support of our business objectives."
GSA's Third Party Interface standard is based on JSON and WebSocket technology and describes standardized interfaces between iGaming Platforms and Remote Game Servers, as well as Remote Game Servers and Progressive Jackpot Controllers. Additionally, the specification indicates how the URLs used to launch games on Remote Game Servers should be formatted. The specification fully supports online gaming operations that service multiple jurisdictions, allowing the activity associated with each jurisdiction to be easily isolated and reported separately.
Like all GSA standards, the TPI was created through collaboration between GSA member companies. There is a level of membership for every budget. Visit www.gamingstandards.com to learn more. Join GSA as a member today and join GSA on LinkedIn, Twitter, and Facebook.
GSA Platinum members include: Aristocrat Technologies Inc.; International Game Technology (IGT); Konami Gaming Inc.; Microgaming; NOVOMATIC Gaming Industries Gmbh; Playtech, (PTEC.L), Scientific Games International (SGMS), & Sega Sammy Creation, Inc.
Other members include: Ainsworth Game Technology Inc.; Amatic Industries GmbH; APEX pro gaming; Appolonia; Ares Way; Atlantic Lottery Corporation; BHGLS Pty. Ltd.; BMM Testlabs; Casinos Austria; ComTrade Gaming; Combination AB; Crane Payment Innovations; DRGT Europe; eBet Gaming Systems Pty., Ltd.; European Casino Association; Everi; Foxwoods Resort Casino; Gamblit Gaming, LLC; Gaming Laboratories International, LLC. (GLI); Gaming Consultants International; Gaming Technologies Association; Gauselman GmbH; Ganlot; Grand Vision Gaming; House Advantage; Intralot S.A. (INLr.AT); Inspired Gaming Group Ltd.; Interblock USA; JCM Global; Loto-Que�bec; Macao Polytechnic Institute; Macau Gaming Equipment Manufacturers Association; Manitoba Liquor & Lotteries Corporation; Maxgaming; Multi-State Lottery Association; Nidec Sankyo Corporation; Oregon Lottery; Paltronics Australasia Pty. Ltd.; Radical Blue Gaming; Random Consulting; RAY; Seminole Tribe of Florida; Seoul National University of Science & Technology; Smartgames Software Hardware Systems Holdings Ltd.; Sightline Payments; techno-consult GmbH; U1 Gaming; TNDR, Inc.; Universal de Desarrollos Electronicos, S.A.; UNLV International Gaming Institute; Western Canada Lottery Corporation.
Severe storms spawn tornadoes, wreak havoc on Southeast US ATLANTA — Severe storms that spawned tornadoes damaged homes and downed trees as they moved across the Southeast on Monday night. Forecasters warned that the storms could threaten more than...
Boy dies years after freak accident with falling tree branch ATLANTA — The parents of a Georgia boy who was struck by a falling tree branch outside their day care five years ago say they have died. Bill Halstead, the...
Family booted from flight after toddler kicked up a minor fuss A 2-year-old girl and their dad reportedly were escorted from a Southwest Airlines plane after the toddler became briefly fussy about taking flight. Passengers claimed the family was kicked off...
Runaway suitcase caught on video moving across airport tarmac Flight attendant Michael Orsini was eating lunch at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport when they caught sight of a runaway suitcase, Travel + Leisure reported. In a Facebook video, which has...
CDC says missing worker wasn't snubbed for a promotion ATLANTA — A month after an employee at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention disappeared, the federal agency says it hopes he'll soon be found. Atlanta police have said...
Man convicted of killing woman who rejected $8 offer for sex ATLANTA — A jury has convicted a man of killing a woman who rejected their $8 offer for sex. The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reports that jurors on Friday convicted Felix Shirley...
Pro-gun lawmakers 'punish' Delta for cutting ties with NRA ATLANTA — Pro-gun Georgia lawmakers Thursday took revenge on Delta for cutting ties to the National Rifle Association, killing a proposed tax break on jet fuel that would have saved...
Missing CDC scientist was upset over promotion snub: cops The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention scientist who's been missing for over two weeks was passed up for a promotion the day they vanished, police said. Timothy Jerrell Cunningham,...
How To Quell Wanderlust Between TripsFive tips to help cope with the strong desire to get away from it all in advance of your next big trip
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
Five Essential Planning Tips For Your European VacationNothing beats traveling abroad. It's educational, invigorating and just plain fun. With the Pound and Euro inching closer to the value of the U.S. Dollar there has never been a better time to explore new lands. In order to get the very best experience out of your trip it is essential that you put a lot of thought and planning in your preparation. The more pre-planning that you do, the fewer hassles during your travels. Here are some basic tips to get you started on your next “Trip of a Lifetime!”
Listen, let's not beat around the bush (ahhhAhahHAhHAHaA) here. I know what you came for. But in case you did click in wondering "I wonder when Kim Kardashian's next fragrance will drop," the answer is April 30! Also, the hashtag #KKWbody implies the perfume will be called KKW Body, which, funnily enough, they confirmed in a recent Business of Fashion interview.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Oh, and while you're here and have fragrance on the brain, Kim's upcoming batch of it is "really cool. The scent is so good, I'm so proud of it. It smells to me like what I would think golden smells like, even though that's a color and something that's just luminous.”
Also, along the lines of beauty and branding, Kim also confirmed they believe the whole #KKW line could be "really, really big."
And! And!! ...Yeah, no, that's it. Here you go.
This has been fun!
Follow Tess on Twitter.
FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2017, file photo, Harvey Weinstein arrives at The Weinstein Company and Netflix Golden Globes afterparty in Beverly Hills, Calif. New York's governor on Monday, March 19, 2018, directed the state's attorney general to review the 2015 decision by the Manhattan district attorney's office to not prosecute a sex abuse case against Weinstein. Photo by Chris Pizzello
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image William Fall trains at the Fiji Sports Council National Fitness Centre in Suva. Picture: JOVESA NAISUA
LIVING a healthy life begins at home and if someone grows up eating healthy food, then they will continue with that for the rest of their lives.
These were the sentiments shared by Fiji athlete, William Fall on ways to keep fit and lose weight.
"I think the issue in Fiji is we eat too many root crops like cassava and this food contain a lot of starch which can lead to NCDs like diabetes,"he said.
"We also have a culture of attending a lot of social gatherings where food is usually what we socialise over and when doing so, we eat food rich in starch, carbohydrates and protein at an excessive amount, not knowing the components of the food we eat."
Mr Fall encouraged the participation of parents who need to be aware of the food they cook for their children.
The 21-year-old also said that people usually waited to get old or when they had gained a few pounds of weight to start exercising.
"The fastest way to lose weight and keep healthy is to exercise more, have no sugar, no salt, no oily food, no carbohydrates and no black tea," they said.
Mr Fall said they had been on their diet program for the past three years and they had observed that they were more energetic and had maintained a consistent body weight.
"After just two weeks of restricting sugar, salt, black tea and carbohydrates and exercising three hours a day, my weight went down from 110 kilograms to 104kg. You need to start young, maintain a healthy life and have the drive to exercise."
Image copyright Getty Images
"He'd take me to their friend's house and I'd see them in the kitchen rolling up tin foil and smoking out of it."
Kimberley is remembering life with their dad, who was addicted to heroin.
"He used to buy me sweets to keep me quiet. They didn't know I knew what was happening."
The 15-year-old can't use their real name to talk to us because she's grown up in a vulnerable situation.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Government research shows more than two million young people in England are growing up in families with serious risks. Picture posed by model.
From the age of eight they were cooking dinner for herself, ironing their own school uniform, and having to look after their dad who'd pass out on the sofa after smoking drugs.
Research from the Children's Commissioner has revealed that 2.1 million children in England are living in such families.
Anne Longfield's report highlights dangers like domestic violence and living with parents who are alcoholics or have problems with drugs.
"He was up and down all the time. Sometimes he'd be happy and the next minute he'd be very angry at me," explains Kimberley, from Blackpool.
"He'd shout at me, I'd retaliate and sometimes I'd get so angry I'd end up packing a bag and leaving it under my bed in case things got worse. That was when I was 10.
"At the time I didn't realise it was unusual to have to look after myself, or have to wake them up if he'd passed out. But eventually I got scared they would never wake up."
Image copyright AJ Wilhelm
Gradually, they sought out help.
"I was in my last year of junior school when I decided that my life wasn't as good as it should have been and I didn't want to live with my dad anymore.
"I did try and help him. Loads of people did."
They turned to their landlady, Shaz, for help.
"I used to stay over at their house, and it was nice because I felt safe enough to talk to them about what was going on.
"At first I was scared about what to say, because I didn't want to admit that my dad was on drugs, so I said stuff like 'my dad's been acting weird'.
"Because they lived next door they saw how my dad was behaving, and they helped me through it."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Picture posed by model.
Today's report suggests that many children in similar situations aren't able to find help and funding for services to help vulnerable young people at an early stage has been cut by 60% since 2010.
Over time, Kimberley also sought out help from a social worker at school, and the NSPCC.
They now live with Shaz who they call their "step-mum", and no longer sees them dad.
"I did have one day out with them after I left home, but before long they started shouting at me and stormed off. I haven't spoken to them since. That was a few years ago.
"I don't really miss seeing him, because I've realised my life is better now."
For help on coping with drug abuse and family problems, visit the BBC Advice pages.
Follow Newsbeat on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter.
Listen to Newsbeat live at 12:45 and 17:45 every weekday on BBC Radio 1 and 1Xtra - if you miss us you can listen back here.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
SUNRISE, Fla. (AP) — Florida general manager Dale Tallon has selective amnesia. To him, how things went for the Panthers last season is no longer worth talking about or even remembering.
It's another restart for Florida.
With a new coach in Bob Boughner and a new top line after Jaromir Jagr wasn't brought back, the Panthers are in their annual place of thinking this will be the season that brings change. The optimism isn't unfounded — team officials are certain that Boughner will be a great hire, and it didn't take long in camp for Florida to see that the roster is improved over what it was a year ago.
That all being said, the Panthers have a lot of ground to make up: They missed the playoffs by 14 points last season.
“We learned from it,” said Tallon, who spoke of last year's debacle with the team on the day camp opened and insists they won't talk of it again. “The past is the past … and our players should think that same way.”
The big addition for the Panthers, besides Boughner, should be Evgeni Dadonov — who returned to Florida after being out of the NHL for more than five years.
The right wing will join Aleksander Barkov and Jonathan Huberdeau on Florida's No. 1 line. He's been in Russia's KHL for the past five seasons in Russia's KHL, with 101 goals and 123 assists.
“I think, and I said it early on, once they get familiar with each other, I think it's going to be a scary line,” Boughner said. “You could see that when they get out there and they've got puck control and they've got full speed. I think they're one of the best lines in the league, myself.”
Here's some of what to know going into the Panthers' season:
DUELING ACES: Roberto Luongo (17-15-6, 2.68 GAA, .915 save percentage last season) is six appearances away from passing Terry Sawchuk for third-most by a goalie in NHL history, and two wins from passing Curtis Joseph for No. 4 on the all-time NHL list. But the Panthers might have a co-No. 1 in net with James Reimer (18-16-5, 2.53, .920), so it'll be interesting to see how Boughner rotates them. Expect close to a 50-50 split.
FIND GOALS: The Panthers had six players score more than 10 goals last season. Only two of those guys are back — Jonathan Marchessault, Jaromir Jagr, Reilly Smith and Jussi Jokinen — no longer are with the Panthers. And their departures means most of Florida's power-play production from last season is also gone.
STREAKING: Florida had seven losing streaks of three or more games last season, five of those lasting four games or more. There just were too many stretches where things didn't go right in bunches, like a six-game stretch with only eight goals scored and another six-game stretch where Florida gave up 28 goals.
SCHEDULE WATCH: There's two particularly daunting schedule stretches of the season for the Panthers. First comes Dec. 11 through Jan. 9, a 14-game run that starts with a five-game road trip, then a four-game homestand followed by five more road games. And seven of Florida's last eight games in March are on the road, all against Eastern Conference opponents.
STILL WAITING: Since going to the Stanley Cup final in 1996, the Panthers still haven't won a single playoff series — losing quickly in each of their last four playoff appearances. Florida has won six playoff games since that run; by comparison, over that time Detroit has won 135 and Pittsburgh has won 115.
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
MIAMI (AP) — Giancarlo Stanton is enjoying their power surge.
Stanton hit their 41st homer and drove in three runs in the Miami Marlins' 4-3 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Saturday night.
“Fuego,” Marlins manager Don Mattingly said. “Seems like every day you count on them hitting one.”
Stanton went 3 for 4 with two runs scored and is hitting .382 (13 for 34) with eight home runs and 15 RBIs in their last nine games.
“You never can expect it that if they throw their pitches it's going to get demolished,” Stanton said. “I can't explain it. As long as I get extension and get lift on the ball it's going to go. Sometimes they're hard grounders. Sometimes it's fly balls. It's one of those grooves.”
They need one home run to tie Gary Sheffield for the Marlins' single-season mark set in 1996.
“It's been fun, fun time every night, downloading info on the pitchers, making sure I'm on time,” Stanton said. “The daily preparation has been fun.”
Stanton has hit 20 home runs in their last 32 games. The last player to accomplish the feat in the same season was the Los Angeles Dodgers' Shawn Green in 2002, according to STATS LLC.
“Obviously it's a pretty special streak. Twenty homers in 32 games is unbelievable,” said Rockies All-Star third baseman Nolan Arenado. “I've never heard anything like that. He's got 20 homers in 32 games. I've got 26 homers in four-and-a-half months.”
Jeff Hoffman (6-4) allowed four runs and seven hits in five innings. Hoffman gave up Stanton's three-run homer in the fourth.
“He's playing up there with the best of them right now,” Hoffman said. “You'd almost rather just walk them there and take your medicine or just stay away from them and hope they get themselves out.”
Rockies center fielder Charlie Blackmon went 4 for 5 with two runs scored and two stolen bases. It was the 15th time this season Blackmon has had at least three hits and their third four-hit game.
Miami starter Justin Nicolino (1-1) pitched 5 1/3 innings, allowing two runs, one earned, in their first appearance since June 28. Brad Ziegler struck out Gerardo Parra with runners on first and second to end the game for their fourth save in six opportunities.
Arenado was ejected in the seventh inning by first base umpire Pat Hoberg after Hoberg called Arenado out on a checked swing appeal and Arenado threw their bat in disgust.
“Obviously I thought I didn't go, but I was mostly mad at myself,” Arenado said. “I can see why they threw me out. I said some words I probably shouldn't have said towards them so I can see why I got thrown out.”
Rockies manager Bud Black was ill before the game and bench coach Mike Redmond, who was the Marlins manager for parts of three seasons from 2013-15, handled the managerial duties.
The Rockies have dropped four of five.
“We've been really good throughout the year at two-out hits and big hits, and right now they're not coming,” Redmond said.
Both teams scored a run in the first inning. The Rockies loaded the bases in the fourth, but Hoffman grounded into a fielder's choice to end the threat.
The Marlins responded with Stanton's three-run blast in the bottom half to take a 4-1 lead. The home run landed near a bartender who handed the ball to a young Rockies fan.
“Every time they come to bat it's a game changer,” Nicolino said. “He picked me up right there, kind of takes a lot off my shoulders.”
Blackmon singled, stole second, advanced to third on an error, and scored on a sacrifice fly by DJ LeMahieu to cut the deficit to 4-2.
Carlos Gonzalez's groundout in the eighth pulled the Rockies within 4-3.
GORDON VISITS DOLPHINS
Marlins second baseman Dee Gordon visited Miami Dolphins practice earlier in the day.
“He has been coming out,” Dolphins coach Adam Gase said. “I know he's friends with a lot of the guys on the team. They come out quite a bit in the spring and we'll see them every once and a while in training camp when they get a chance to pop out. It's always fun to talk with him.”
RAINES THROWS FIRST PITCH
Newly inducted Hall of Famer Tim Raines threw out the ceremonial first pitch. Raines played their final MLB season for the Marlins in 2002 and there are a number of their former Montreal Expos teammates currently involved with the Marlins organization including Andre Dawson, Tony Perez, and Tim Wallach.
“It's been awesome,” Raines said of the Hall of Fame experience. “It's very humbling. Not only to have the opportunity to become a Hall of Famer, but to get an opportunity to be in a situation that you'll remember forever. That's a part of history that I think every player would want to have.”
TRAINER'S ROOM
Marlins: LHP Wei-Yin Chen has not pitched in a game since May 1 due to arm fatigue, but threw a live batting practice session on Saturday. “He's been good,” Mattingly said. “He hasn't had problems, no setbacks, so he's just progressing.”
UP NEXT
Rockies: RHP German Marquez (9-4, 3.88 ERA) will take the mound in Sunday's series finale. Marquez is 4-0 with a 2.95 ERA over their last six starts, averaging 9.3 strikeouts per nine innings.
Marlins: RHP Vance Worley (2-2, 4.82) will make their fourth consecutive start since rejoining the rotation. Worley is 2-0 with a 2.12 ERA over that span.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
After months of speculation, Windows 10 Creators Update is finally here.
The previous update from Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), dubbed Anniversary Update, fine-tuned the interface and added Cortana interaction from the lock screen, Digital Ink input and more Windows Hello secure authentication possibilities.
The latest update, however, goes on to add new features such as built-in game broadcasting, 3D in Windows 10, enhanced security features and new tab management features, among others.
A Peek at the Windows 10 Creators Update
Here's a look at some of the new features.
Microsoft Edge Gets Improvements
Microsoft Edge is now faster and more secure than ever before. It comes with a new tab preview bar that gives you a quick glance on every tab that you have open, without having to leave your current page.
Windows Hello Gets Quicker
Windows Hello is Microsoft's biometric security system that's built into Windows 10. With the update, Hello has become much faster and the new setup shows you exactly how the system scans your face to detect who you are. The end result is a much speedier Windows Hello login process.
Cortana gets New Features
Microsoft's voice-activated assistant Cortana now offers a full-screen experience so you can view your screen from far. Cortana also now displays quick links in the Action Center. This should help you quickly pick up where you left off.
New Night Light is Added
Staring into a screen all day can have detrimental effects on your eyesight, but you may no longer have to worry too much about it since the new update comes with Night Light setting that reduces the amount of blue light emitted by your device after night fall.
Dynamic Lock Feature Added
This feature allows you to remotely lock your Windows 10 PC. Pair Bluetooth devices like a wearable or phone and Windows 10 will automatically lock once it senses that the connection is too far away.
Paint 3D Updated
The new update brings 3D design to the masses. As the name suggests, Paint 3D is a 3D version of Microsoft built-in Paint app. The app allows you to build and edit 3D objects from a set of pre-built shapes. The app also supports 3D printing.
Better Gaming Experience Introduced
Game Mode shifts resources away from other processes and prioritizes the game you are playing for best performance. This feature works best when your PC is experiencing resource contention.
Windows Defender Security Center Launched
Up until now, Windows Defender was a small hub that would keep your PC virus free. However, the new update has seen all of Windows security features moved to the hub to form the Windows Defender Security Center. You can now access virus & threat protection, family options, app & browser control, firewall & network protection and device performance & health, all in one place.
Inking Added In Windows Photos
This is not strictly a Windows 10 Creators update, but it's good to note that Microsoft recently updated its Photos app to support inking. This is a much-needed addition that allows you to pick a photo, annotate it and share it on social networks or via email.
Next Skype Generation Made Available
Build for Windows 10, the new version of Skype includes exclusive features such as Skype Translator for calls to mobile phones and landlines, SMS relay for Windows Phone and mini view. The new Skype also includes a redesigned group video calling view, conversation search as well as keyboard shortcuts. Learn more about what's new with Skype on the Skype Blog.
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image A lady cleans up their belonging after the struck of Tropical Cyclone Winston last year. Picture: FILE
HIGHLIGHTING how Fijians rose above the challenges associated with Severe Tropical Cyclone Winston is the main message behind the first anniversary of the worst natural disaster to hit Fiji, says the National Disaster Management Office director Akapusi Tuifagalele.
Mr Tuifagalele said the theme of the event "Live to tell a resilient Fiji" focused on the strengths and lessons learnt by Fiji after the disaster.
"We are projecting ourselves into a country of resilient people where the Government takes the lead and the people follow in terms of recovery," they said.
They said members of the affected communities would also be present to share their events of survival during and after the disaster.
Mr Tuifagalele said there would also be a moment of silence in remembrance of the 44 Fijians who died during the disaster.
They said the Government would also give an update on the recovery and rehabilitation of areas that were affected.
The Severe TC Winston anniversary will be held at Albert Park in Suva on Monday.
After the devastation caused by the monstrous storm, some children are still having classes in tents as their classrooms were badly damaged.
Some people are also still living in tents in some of the affected areas.
Some passengers are still waiting for luggage nearly a month after a meltdown at John F. Kennedy Airport. Andrew Siff reports. (Published 4 hours ago)
Some passengers are still waiting for luggage nearly a month after a meltdown at John F. Kennedy Airport. Andrew Siff reports. See More
People gather for a rally Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, in Salt Lake City. Utah residents held a unity and anti-racism rally Monday night to denounce the messages of hate and violence of white supremacists at a weekend rally in Charlottesville, Va. Rick Bowmer AP Photo
CATHERINE MUMBA, Lusaka
GOVERNMENT will introduce a voluntary two-year training programme for pupils to acquire particular skills in all technical secondary schools after their grade 12 studies.
The students will be conferred with a diploma after completion of the two years of additional learning.
Minister of Higher Education Professor Nkandu Luo told journalists on Sunday that the career skills will be introduced for the purpose of enabling students acquire skills without having to go to college.
“As students' progress in education and make a decision of the course they want to take in life, they will rely on the skills learnt and acquired at an early stage for their… http://epaper.daily-mail.co.zm/
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Pet owners, plan ahead before the sun goes down Wednesday night.
Every July 4, the Animal Humane Society says it sees an influx of stray animals that run away from the loud booms.
Studies show around half of dogs have a fireworks phobia.
The problem can be that fireworks scare them enough to run away.
“It can have reactions from excessive panting and drooling all the way up to hiding and not coming out for several hours at a time,” said Liv Hagen, a behavior and rehabilitation manager at the humane society.
AHS says the best thing you can do is leave your cat or dog inside on the holiday.
Plan bathroom breaks ahead of the fireworks.
Also, you can leave them home with some calming tools.
The dark secrets behind ‘White Christmas' Nothing says Christmas better than Bing Crosby singing “White Christmas,” which was first released 75 years ago in 1942. In the time since, it's been recorded more than 500 times...
The movie that almost ended Bing Crosby's career Legendary crooner Bing Crosby was offered a big solo number in their film debut. Instead, they ended up in jail for driving under the influence and getting into a car...
Why Sinatra loved to eat in their car, and more on their secret NYC life You'd get the call around 3:00 in the afternoon — because Frank Sinatra didn't get up until 1:30. If you were in the inner circle, it might be theirs voice...
The first three episodes of Amazon Prime India Original's 'The Remix' is out.
Amazon Prime India Originals have successfully delivered remixed versions of Bollywood songs. Reportedly, the show has grabbed eyes of big music companies.
The first three episodes saw the contestants jazzing up songs like 'O o jaane Jaana','Sheila Ki Jawani', 'Love Dose', 'Main Lovely Ho Gayiaan', 'Senorita' and others.Buzz is that music companies have approached to cut an album from songs performed on the show.
Amazon Prime Video have a bought a unique concept with 'The Remix' as it brings together DJ's and singers on the same platform performing and recreating iconic songs.
The Remix has given people a platform to showcase their talent in a unique way.
It is a popular format abroad and Amazon has got it here in India.
The Remix has brought few celebrated names from various fields together to get the digital content one notch higher. Karan Tacker, Amit Trivedi, Sunidhi Chauhan, and Nucleya are the judges of the show.
Earlier while speaking to Firstpost, Sunidhi had said, " What I love about the show is that a pair (DJ and vocalist) is given two to three days to prepare a song, so you also get to see the whole process of how it is made.
People usually don't know what goes into it, what makes it sound so different. Also, it's not the regular, commercialised remix that the contestants do; they actually recreate, recompose sounds, add elements to it... So it is totally different. This way, I think, people will be more educated about the remixes, in a more tasteful way."
The next episode of the show will get streamed on 23rd March 2018.
Amazon Prime Original The Remix is created and produced by Greymatter Entertainment and has been launched on 9th March 2018, exclusively on Amazon Prime Video.
HOUSTON, TX--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - iOFFICE, the only people-centric IWMS, today announced their Pacesetter status from Software Advice's Frontrunner Computer Maintenance Management Systems (CMMS) report. The CMMS review is powered by Gartner methodology and includes four categories -- Pacesetters, Masters, Leaders, and Contenders -- which offer insight into the best capabilities and value for businesses.
To be considered for a spot in the CMMS Review, products need a minimum 3.3 out of 5 capability rating based on three categories: user ratings, a functionality breadth analysis and a business confidence assessment. They also need a value rating of 3.2 based on user ratings on value and product adoption. Additionally, a product must have at least 10 unique product reviews across three Gartner Digital Markets platforms. On Software Advice, iOFFICE boasts a 4.02 overall user rating with 22 unique product reviews.
iOFFICE's 100% SaaS-based platform and open REST API, makes it easy for customers to implement workplace solutions on top of existing infrastructure. With features like online or mobile ticket creation, a customizable work order catalog, easy ticket dispatch, on-demand preventative maintenance and robust reporting, iOFFICE makes it easier for workplace leaders to visually monitor activity and performance on the go. Since iOFFICE is completely integrated with asset tracking software, workplace leaders can easily monitor moves, room reservations and energy metering, which saves time and money.
"We're thrilled to be recognized as setting the pace for technologies the facilities management arena," said iOFFICE Co-Founder and CMO Elizabeth Dukes. "Workplace leaders are craving flexible solutions that they can apply in layers to their organizations, adding just what they need to meet the demands of their changing workplace, and we're honored to help them do it with little disruption and breakthrough results."
About iOFFICE
iOFFICE is the leading workforce-centric IWMS software and the only 100% SaaS platform designed for the Digital Workplace. iOFFICE equips C-suite executives, CRE, and facilities leaders with the real-time data and communications tools they need to plan effectively for the future of their workforce and workplace. The Marketplace is a growing network of selected workplace-related SaaS applications partners offering energy optimization, digital signage and wayfinding apps that use the iOFFICE's platform to unify, collect and analyze data not only from critical workplace applications. To learn how more than 2.4M users at 1400 fast-moving companies like Adobe, Big Fish Games, Dynegy, FBL, Sephora, Sodexo, SPX, Under Armour and more are creating the most productive workplaces on earth, visit www.iOFFICEcorp.com and connect with iOFFICE on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn @iOFFICE.
By Jon Wiederhorn
Chic's Nile Rodgers missed the first show of their career on Sunday (Aug. 13) when an illness forced them to seek treatment at a Toronto hospital.
Related: Chic and Earth, Wind & Fire Team for Summer Tour
The band was scheduled to play the Air Canada Centre with Earth, Wind and Fire for 2054: The Tour when Rodgers became sick. The news surfaced sound engineer John Ryan tweeted, “Nile Rodgers is in hospital tonight. Lights are out for him.”
The Rock and Roll Hall of Famer responded, “Thanks Johnny. I've never missed one gig in my life… well, its been that way till now. The Dr. caught me trying to sneak out. #LOVE,” and added that doctors are “taking great care” of him.
Rodgers was diagnosed with prostate cancer six years ago and wrote about their struggle on their blog (via Billboard). After undergoing extensive treatment, they were cured in 2014. They discussed their struggle at the Glastonbury Festival in June.
“My doctors told me I was suffering from extremely aggressive cancer and that I needed to go home and get my affairs in order,” they said during the show. “Well, I happened to get a phone call from two French guys called Daft Punk and a gentleman named Pharrell Williams and we got together and wrote this song called ‘Get Lucky.' And I feel like the luckiest man in the world tonight because six years after that doctor told me to go home and get my affairs in order, today, six years later, I am cancer-free!”
It is still unknown what caused Rodgers to miss Sunday's show and whether or not they will be healthy enough to perform tomorrow night (Aug. 15) in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Thanks Johnny. I've never missed one gig in my life... well, it's been that way till now. The Dr. caught me trying… twitter.com/i/web/status/8… —
Nile Rodgers (@nilerodgers) August 14, 2017
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Fifteen local artists showcased 30 different works of art which highlighted Binghamton's history and future. The "Art of Binghamton" exhibit at the Art Mission and Theater celebrated the city's 150 year history.
"It shows the creative viewpoint of the locals, of the hometown," said Matthew Card, Gallery Curator. They gathered paintings, drawings, and photographs for the exhibit.
Among those featured was Greg Milunich, a photographer from Binghamton who had one of their famous colorized historical pictures on display.
"Binghamton is really a beautiful and historic city if you just take a minute to look and see what's really around you," said Milunich.
Binghamton Artists
Matthew Card
Jonathan W. Cohen
Denise Franchino
Danielle Herman
Lora McNeil Johnson
Joshua Lasky
Drew Lewis
Greg Milunich
Deb Pultz Rockefeller
Christi Sturdevant
David Skyrea
Andrea Wood
Kirk Van Zandbergen
Lesli Van Zandbergen
While Milunich takes historic pictures and modernizes them, another artist, Drew Lewis takes current images and brings them into the future.
"I'm able to get views of Binghamton and the surrounding areas that you've never seen before," said Lewis.
They fly their drone 400 feet into the air and captures pictures of Binghamton and the surrounding areas from a birds eye view.
"Binghamton is gorgeous down below, but it's also gorgeous from above and it's my job to show these people," said Lewis.
You can see more of Lewis' work here and find future events at the Art Mission and Theater here.
× Raytown native & current Cavaliers coach Tyronn Lue taking leave to address health issues
CLEVELAND — Cavaliers coach Tyronn Lue is taking a leave of absence from the team to address health issues that have included chest pains and loss of sleep.
Lue said Monday in statement that tests have offered no conclusion about what the issue is and offered no timetable for their return. The coach said they feel they need to step away “and focus on trying to establish a stronger and healthier foundation” from which to coach the rest of the season.
“While I have tried to work through it, the last thing I want is for it to affect the team. I am going to use this time to focus on a prescribed routine and medication, which has previously been difficult to start in the midst of a season,” Lue said. “My goal is to come out of it a stronger and healthier version of myself so I can continue to lead this team to the championship we are all working towards.”
The Cavaliers also didn't say who would lead the team in Lue's absence, though that responsibility could fall to associate head coach Larry Drew.
LeBron James said they were informed of Lue's decision Monday morning at shootaround, saying it was “probably well overdue.”
“I knew they were struggling, but they were never not himself. They were just dealing with it the best way they could,” James said. “Once they leave the gym and goes home, there's things we don't know, but they were the same every single day even though they were going through what they were going through.”
A stress-filled season for the Cavs has taken a toll on the 40-year-old Lue, who led them to the 2016 NBA championship after taking over for David Blatt midway through that season. They are just 40-29, third in the Eastern Conference, and have endured roster shake-ups, injuries and other distractions as they try to return to the NBA Finals.
Now they will play without their coach.
“We all want great players, we all want the best teams, but with that comes a lot of pressure as well. And what Ty Lue has had to go through this year with that team, with the trades and the injuries and the pressure, it's unrelenting,” Denver coach Michael Malone said. “So I hope that they get healthy and is able to get back in time for the playoffs and help that team win as many games as possible.”
Lue spent the second half of Cleveland's victory in Chicago on Saturday in the locker room because of an illness, the second time this season they left a game because they aren't feeling well. The former NBA guard also sat one out against Chicago at home in December.
Drew coached the second half of Saturday's game, the finale of a six-game, 11-day road trip. Cleveland is back home to host Milwaukee on Monday.
“We know how difficult these circumstances are for Coach Lue and we support them totally in this focused approach to addressing their health issues,” general manager Koby Altman said.
Charlotte coach Steve Clifford also left their team to address their health this season. They took six weeks off. Medical tests revealed that the 56-year-old Clifford did not have any internal problems, but the doctor's diagnosis was the coach was suffering from severe sleep deprivation.
Just as the Cavaliers are nearing the return of All-Star forward Kevin Love from injury, they will have to go an undetermined length of time without Lue. James was asked how their absence would impact the team.
“We're going to find out,” they said. “It's tough. It's like losing one of your best players, a guy that's pretty much the captain of our ship who has run the team the last three years. Everyone had to step up. We have coaches in place who are ready for that challenge. We have to do our jobs as players as well.”
Globacom have launched new set of data plans for heavy download internet users . This new data plan features a 180GB data at the rate of N20,000 which is very suitable for firms , cybercafe and other organisations that requires heavy data .
BELOW ARE LIST OF THE NEW GLO DATA PLAN
2GB FOR N500.
4GB FOR N1000.
9.5GB FOR N2000.
24GB FOR N4000.
30GB FOR N5000.
55GB FOR N8000.
75GB FOR N10,000.
180GB FOR 20,000.
HOW TO GET THIS DATA PLANS .
Just Dial *777# and follow the prompt .
Click to expand...
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NEW YORK — Remember Jeremy Meeks, the "hot felon"? Their mugshot went viral after police posted it to Facebook, winning the hearts of women everywhere. Now they have traded in their orange jumpsuit for designer threads.
Meeks, 33, made their New York Fashion Week debut in designer Philipp Plein's show on Monday.
The criminally handsome Californian earned the nickname “Hot Felon” and became an internet sensation in 2014 after their mugshot for felony weapons charges went viral.
While they were still behind bars, Meeks signed with a modeling agency. They served two years in prison and was released last March. On Monday, Meeks hit the runway donned in a black shirt, black pants, black boots, and a black puffer coat with a fur hood.
Since their release from prison, Meeks has been keeping their fans happy with posts on their Instagram page.
That moment when the whole school finds out they're going to see @Marvel's new movie, @BlackPanther! #ronclarkacademy #blackpanther #teachersofinstagram #teachersfollowteachers ___ #Repost @mrronclark ・・・ The students just found out we are all going to see BLACK PANTHER! We will have a day of cultural classes, African dancers, historical lessons and then we will all go see the film! Turn up!!!!
A post shared by Ron Clark Academy (@ronclarkacademy) on Feb 2, 2018 at 11:31am PST
Ever since Hyundai revealed the Santa Cruz concept back at the 2015 Detroit Auto Show, there have been questions whether or not it would make it to production. The last we heard anything about the truck was last August where the home office finally gave the green light to go forward with the project. No time frame was given at the time.
Speaking to Motor Trend, Hyundai Motor America's chief operating officer Brian Smith said Santa Cruz will likely arrive in 2020 or so. Smith also revealed that the model would be using the Tuscon's platform.
“We love it, we talk about it a lot,” said Smith.
It is unclear whether Hyundai is planning to change up the Santa Cruz's design or not.
Getting the Santa Cruz from concept to this point has been long and arduous. Then-CEO Dave Zuchowski pushed hard for this model to go into production after it got enough positive feedback. In 2016, Hyundai reportedly gave the ok for the project to go forward and Zuchowski said an official announcement was coming. The plan was to have the Santa Fe launched in 2018 as a 2019 model. But things fell apart only a year later as Zuchowski was shown the door due to falling sales. The champion for the Santa Cruz was lost and the model was up in the air.
Now, it seems things are back on track.
Source: Motor Trend
Bank of Japan's ETF love affair
The record volume of exchange traded funds bought by the Bank of Japan is facing scrutiny by analysts worried about the long-term effects. The FT's Leo Lewis examines the potential impact.
Securing the Internet of 'Nano-Things,' an exclusive with NanoMalaysia CEO Dr Rezal Khairi Ahmad
‘The digital era has removed the clear line that once separated State and Business as well as People. Everything and everyone is more inter-connected. We are now an ecosystem both by chance and design,' NanoMalaysia's Dr Rezal Khairi Ahmad tells Computerworld.
Credit: GraphicStock
After being certified in 2011 as a Nano centre, national applied research agency MIMOS continued to make regular moves to boost Malaysia's nanotechnology ambitions. This included helping to develop the national graphene action plan (NGAP 2020).
It was during a MIMOS event in August 2015 to announce four nanotechnology agreements - one of them a partnership agreement with a government agency - NanoMalaysia - that I then started to see some of the steps taken in this field.
Much of the task of driving and commercialising the NGAP ecosystem is in the hands of NanoMalaysia, which was incorporated in 2011 as a company limited by guarantee (CLG) under Malaysia's Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation (MOSTI) to act as a business entity.
During another event in March 2016 where I saw that 360 new products were to be commercialised under NGAP, NanoMalaysia's chief executive officer Dr. Rezal Khairi Ahmad said that benefits would include a US$5 billion impact on GNI (gross net income) and 9,000 related new jobs by the year 2020.
In their capacity as a keynote speaker at this year's Computerworld Security Summit in Kuala Lumpur (20 April 2017), Dr Rezal agreed to a security-themed interview on this relatively new industry sector. This is also part of a series of special security features.
Photo- Dr. Rezal Khairi Ahmad, Chief Executive Officer, NanoMalaysia Berhad.
To start, I asked Dr Rezal for a brief run-through of their role.
[RKA] I'm the founding Chief Executive Officer and also Board Member of NanoMalaysia, Nano Commerce Sdn. Bhd, representing NanoMalaysia's business interests, the Chairman of NanoVerify Sdn. Bhd, a nanotechnology certification entity and a Director of Nanovation Ventures Sdn. Bhd., an investment arm of NanoMalaysia.
Prior to this, I served as Acting Under-Secretary of National Nanotechnology Directorate, Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation on the policy aspect of nanotechnology and vice president of [national investment body] Khazanah Nasional touching on human capital and investment research.
NanoMalaysia's primary role in the development of Malaysia's National Graphene Action Plan 2020 together with Agensi Inovasi Malaysia and PEMANDU [Performance Management & Delivery Unit attached to Prime Minister's Office] is a major landmark in our journey to ensure Malaysia stays competitive in the global innovation landscape particularly in nanotechnology, which cuts across all industries including ICT.
Can you talk about graphene and its significance to local industry?
Graphene is touted as one of the game-changing advanced materials made of one atom-thick carbon and acknowledged by World Economic Forum as no. 4 emerging technology in 2016.
[Graphene, which is a thin layer of pure carbon just one atom thick (bonded together in a hexagonal honeycomb lattice, and 200-300 times stronger than steel), will involve downstream graphene-based application development for specialty and consumer products ranging from tyre, automotive component, water pipe and ultra-capacitor.]
Beyond being a fancy nano material, graphene plays a central role in the development of endogenous hardware aspects of Malaysia's Internet of Things aspirations or the now evolved Internet of Nano-Things (IoNT). Some of these are:
-·Super small, lightweight and hyper-sensitive low-cost Graphene-based sensors and Radio Frequency ID (RFID)
- Higher speed, Low loss and power consumption graphene based optical transmitter and receiver for 5G systems
- Making IoNT a low-cost and practical industrial and domestic solutions in Malaysia.
Let's move to the security aspects of nanotechnology: what's your take on IoNT?
In the context of IoNT, which WEF acknowledged to be the top emerging technology in 2016, the current work-in-progress, 'ubiquitous' deployment of sensors in Malaysia and worldwide, I certainly see increasing data security risks at the sensor, transmission, collection, processing and even analytics levels.
The initial industry approaches to IoNT data security will probably be polarised between cascaded and centralised system approaches.
I think some hacking attacks will obviously focus on data theft. I therefore foresee a trend favouring cascaded security - with both hardware, software and more advanced data encryption technologies in place.
What security steps do you currently advise?
The priority is to tackle potential data theft at every stage of IoNT systems. The best-available preventive measures should include some versions of cascaded and embedded security in the form of hardware tags and advanced encryption.
How do you see overall cybersecurity preparedness today in Malaysia?
policymakers and the general public are much more aware of cyber threats and security today. I applaud the efforts spearheaded by CyberSecurity Malaysia here.
There are signs of a consolidation of efforts especially with cross-institutional and cross-border partnerships in combating threats in cyberspace.
We need to be realistic: cyber threats will always be present. The "good guys" need to try and get a couple of steps ahead of threats.
What's your perception of the cybersecurity industry?
Current efforts to create awareness on cybersecurity is bearing some fruits - though more can always be done.
It's a never-ending drive due to the constant evolution of technologies and threats. Businesses and Governments are left with no choice but to collaborate. With the Digital Economy programme and Digital Free Trade Zone launched this year, Malaysia as a whole - with consolidated support from the Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation and relevant agencies - is continually putting the correct measures in place to create a mitigated and sufficiently safe cyber environment for businesses and populace in the country.
Security adoption has been touted as a strategic business driver/enabler? What's your take on this?
My opinion is that data security adoption creates data safety assurance. This leads to increased client confidence of data communications, processing, analytics and commercial storage systems. It also facilitates rapid development of new hardware and software technological solutions and wider market acceptance of Internet of Nano-Things (IoNT).
To end, what's your main message for business and IT leaders?
The digital era has removed the clear line that once separated State and Business as well as People. Everything and everyone is more interconnected. We are now an ecosystem both by chance and design. Cyber-attacks can be made to afflict either one and be used to hold any one at ransom thus creating a local or even global systemic chain reaction effect.
The connected world presents endless commercial, social and environmental development opportunities...and threats. The development and deployment of emerging cyber-related technologies, in particular IoNT - which promises a market size of US$9.69 billion by 2020 - should be done responsibly in the form of infused data security technologies to ensure prolific market acceptance and profitable returns.
For our part, NanoMalaysia is working with various parties locally and abroad push Malaysia's strategic industry sectors to be relevant to the Fourth Industrial Revolution supported by cyber-physical systems manifesting into full automation, robots, artificial intelligence, de-centralised power generation, energy storage, water and food supplies, remote assets and logistics management and custom manufacturing requiring secured data sensing, traffic and analytics systems in place.
1 2 Next Page
Pioneering foundations and impact investors back energy start-up, driven by social impact
PHILADELPHIA, PA--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - ConnectDER, an early-stage company developing a meter collar that enables residential solar to connect to the grid cheaply, safely, and rapidly, has closed its $1.1M Series A round with support from a first-of-a-kind investment collaboration between Investors' Circle (IC) and PRIME Coalition. Nine individual IC investors were joined by three parties from the PRIME Coalition in the financing: the Ellis Family Fund at The Boston Foundation, the Will and Jada Smith Family Foundation, and the Autodesk Foundation at the Silicon Valley Community Foundation.
ConnectDER marks the third proof-of-concept investment for PRIME Coalition, a nonprofit that empowers philanthropists to place charitable capital into market-based solutions to climate change. After PRIME's year-long diligence process selected ConnectDER as one of the most promising early-stage companies whose core business model reduces global greenhouse gas emissions, PRIME referred the company to Investors' Circle, the world's largest and most active early-stage impact investing network. Leveraging the due diligence conducted by PRIME's industry experts, IC members were able to move quickly and help top off the round.
Leigh Wood, a Philadelphia-based IC member, shared that they were compelled to participate because "ConnectDER's solution will not only help utilities support increasing solar adoption, but it will also save homeowners from having to pay unnecessary installation costs or drill holes into their walls during the installation process."
ConnectDER's meter collar reduces upfront installation costs for rooftop solar and provides electric utilities with real-time management over distributed energy assets. In addition to promising meaningful greenhouse gas emissions reduction when deployed at scale, ConnectDER's solution would reduce environmental damage due to fossil fuel extraction and combustion, decrease reliance on government subsidies that drive deployment of renewables, and enable the widespread deployment of highly-managed distributed energy assets to boost the resiliency of the grid.
"This is a first-of-a-kind grant for the Autodesk Foundation, where we believe in the power of design to address environmental, social, health, and education challenges. We were thrilled that a grant from our donor-advised fund to PRIME Coalition led to ConnectDER successfully completing its Series A round - and moving one step closer to widespread climate impact," said Joe Speicher, Executive Director of the Autodesk Foundation. "Our aim is to support PRIME companies with philanthropic capital so that the solutions to climate change have a real chance to flourish."
Whit Fulton, CEO of ConnectDER, commented that "the combination of support from PRIME's DAFs, foundations, and corporate donors and the impact-minded angel backers at Investors' Circle is exciting. Together, these investors have provided the financial fuel that our company needs to thrive."
"We're delighted about the budding partnership between PRIME and IC. The marriage of charitable DAFs, foundations, and corporations alongside individual investors makes a lot of sense for early-stage energy companies like ConnectDER. We look forward to continuing to co-invest with IC's large network of impact investors," added Sarah Kearney, Executive Director of PRIME Coalition. Bonny Moellenbrock, Executive Director of Investors' Circle, agrees. "The IC network has invested in environmental solutions for the past 25 years, and we are pleased to invest alongside a partner like PRIME Coalition to address climate change together."
About PRIME Coalition:
PRIME Coalition is a 501(c)(3) public charity whose mission is to empower philanthropic foundations and families with the critical tools they need to support new ventures that promise vast reduction of global greenhouse gas emissions. PRIME enables its philanthropic partners to fill the innovation and commercialization "valleys of death" that exist in today's climate-relevant technology development and deployment pipeline. Learn more at primecoalition.org.
About Investors' Circle:
Investors' Circle is the world's largest and most active early-stage impact investing network. Its network of angel investors, venture capitalists, foundations, and family offices has invested over $200 million into more than 300 enterprises dedicated to improving the environment, education, health, and community.
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/14/11G130260/Images/ConnectDER_photo_2-947b8608ba6d8818ba0c588a49aece09.jpeg
Since the advent of the internet, local newspapers like the U.K.'s Bournemouth Daily Echo have been relentlessly cutting costs to survive. Now, another wave of change is approaching: automation. This week, Bloomberg Technology's Jeremy Kahn visits the Echo's newsroom, which has been experimenting with computer-generated stories produced by a project funded by Google. The technology's helping the paper's editors serve its readers with fewer journalists. But will automation ultimately end up taking even more jobs?
Bloomberg Radio +1-212-617-5560
Running time 24:52
Moscow is still claiming it's not behind the poisoning attack on former Russian spy/British double agent Sergei Skripal and their daughter, Yulia — and, anyway, no one can prove it. That cynicism should prompt the West to double- and triple-down on sanctions against the Putin regime.
see also UK accuses Russia of stockpiling deadly nerve agent Britain's foreign secretary said on Sunday that Russia has been...
Russia hasn't just violated the Chemical Weapons Convention; it has used these terror weapons in attacks on British soil.
Vladimir Chizhov, Russia's EU ambassador, actually dared to hint that Porton Down, Britain's chemical-weapons research facility, might be at fault in the attack. Then, asked if they were actually saying Porton Down was responsible, they smirked: “I don't know.”
President Vladimir Putin, meanwhile, says that blaming Moscow is “nonsense,” as it destroyed all its chemical weapons back in 1992.
In fact, the Brits say they have proof Russia kept producing the military-grade nerve agent Novichok (fingered in the Skripal attack), including photos that show expansion of the Kremlin's poison-making complex.
“We actually have evidence within the last 10 years that Russia has not only been investigating the delivery of nerve agents for the purpose of assassinations, but has also been creating and stockpiling Novichok,” UK Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said Sunday.
With a nod to O.J. Simpson, Putin insists they want to help catch the real poisoners: “We are ready to cooperate, we said that straightaway, we are ready to take part in the necessary investigations” — provided there is “a desire from the other side.”
What gall. The right response is to go after the tens of billions that Putin's cronies and their clans have stashed in the West. President Trump signed a new law last fall that aims to identify such hidden assets, but more legal changes are likely needed in both Britain and America to close loopholes that shield Russian money-laundering.
Hit Vlad & Co. where it hurts: in their privilege and their pocketbooks.
Questions, Comments or News Stories Contact Owner/Publisher Jonathan Taylor 410-422-2948 Or email me at jtlesn@comcast.net
Best Upcoming Pet Adoption Events In MiamiAnimal shelters are brimming with pets that have been lost or abandoned. Many of the shelters in South Florida are no-kill shelters. This often causes overcrowding and a shortage of funds to care for the animals. So the shelters in Miami/Dade and Broward Counties hold frequent adoption events to try and find loving homes for the dogs and cats living at the shelters. So check out the adoption events below and give a lost or abandoned pet a new home.
TEMPE, Arizona (CBS SF) – A pedestrian was reportedly killed in a crash involving a self-driving car operated by Uber near Phoenix early Monday morning.
According to CBS affiliate KPHO-TV, a woman walking in a crosswalk was struck by the vehicle in the suburb of Tempe. Authorities said there was a person behind the wheel, but the vehicle was in autonomous mode at the time of the crash.
“She was transported to a local area hospital where they passed away from their injuries,” Tempe police said.
Authorities said the collision is under investigation. On Twitter, the San Francisco-based company said they are fully cooperating with local authorities.
Our hearts go out to the victim's family. We're fully cooperating with @TempePolice and local authorities as they investigate this incident. — Uber Comms (@Uber_Comms) March 19, 2018
The New York Times reported that the company has suspended testing of self-driving vehicles in Tempe, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto.
The crash appears to be the first known death of a pedestrian struck by an autonomous vehicle on public roads, according to the Times.
Uber says it is suspending self-driving operations in Phoenix, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto.
Newsweek retracts story about Vegas shooter's girlfriend Newsweek has pulled back a report in which it said Stephen Paddock's live-in gal pal Marilou Danley was married to two men at the same time. “Newsweek has retracted its...
How a famed writer hid their husband from their other husband Some people keep homes on either coast. Anais Nin, the mid-20th century writer known for their tell-all diaries and steamy erotica, kept two husbands: one in New York and one...
Man arrested after wife learns he's married to someone else MONROE, La. — A Louisiana man has been arrested after their wife discovered they were married to another woman. The News-Star reports that 38-year-old Jeffrey G. Jenkins was arrested on...
Bounty hunter jailed for marrying mother and their daughter SHAMOKIN, Pa. — A bail bondsman has been jailed on charges they were simultaneously married to a 43-year-old woman and their 18-year-old daughter, and illegally possessed weapons by working in...
My husband is in bigamy trouble: wife to cops A Brooklyn wife ratted out their church deacon hubby to cops, after learning they said “I do,” one time too many, authorities said. Arturo Reid, 65, was arrested on bigamy...
Bigamist and wife set fire that killed second wife and unborn child, police say Eleven capital murder charges were filed on Friday against an accused Alabama bigamist and one of their wives for a fire that killed four people, including two children and the...
Serial 'green card' bride made money from marriages Serial bigamy is a lot more lucrative than it used to be. Immigrants looking for green cards will pay sham spouses thousands of dollars for an “I do,” said one...
Project info
In my childhood we spent most free time at my grandmother's house on the coastline of Western Denmark. When I was 12 we moved from the area, my grandmother sold the house and my trips to this area started to be fewer and fewer than my teenage years went into adulthood. I kept going back for small day-trips, but in recent years I've grown more and more interested in returning, for longer trips, to this place which I once called home to document the places and feelings I recall of the vast, rough and remote coast at North Sea of Denmark (Vesterhavet).
I started this project in 2014, the place id' always looked back as my home, was no longer that. All my friends have, like myself, moved from the area - so returning home, no longer feels like home, but feels very remote and lonely.
This week GOP leaders did the only thing they seem to be able to achieve: a full-fledged attack on women's rights, without any regard for science, the Constitution, women's lives, or basic decency.
House Republicans pushed through a bill on Tuesday that outlaws abortion after 20 weeks, a ban that disproportionately harms women of color and low-income women and puts women's health in danger. This is despite the fact that legal experts say such a ban is unconstitutional. A version of the ban has now also been introduced in the Senate.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The GOP believes women's rights are a reliable, easy target. As someone who has been fighting for reproductive freedom for decades, this is not particularly new or unexpected.
But far less obvious are the ways in which this ban is part of a sophisticated and intensifying legal campaign aimed at weakening and, ultimately, destroying Roe v. Wade.
Twenty-week abortion bans, which have been passed in states across the country, were designed to directly challenge one of the core concepts the Roe decision rested on. The landmark 1973 ruling made clear that women have a fundamental right to have an abortion until the point of fetal viability, or the time when a fetus could survive outside of the womb—which doctors have generally found to be 24 weeks or later.
Anti-choice activists have long understood the power of strategically pushing at this limit — and have even admitted as much. Anti-choice lobbyist Samuel Lee, who helped write a Missouri bill requiring “viability tests” for abortions after 20 weeks that went all the way to the Supreme Court in the late 1980s, explained that the 20-week measure was “designed as an opportunity to attack [Roe]” and its viability standard. “It was chosen because it was earlier than the earliest limits of viability at the time, but not so early that the unborn child could never be viable,” they said.
In other words, the 20-week measure was deliberately selected to push the limits of Roe, and thus to attack the fundamental right to abortion itself. Some Republicans, Rep. Trent Franks of Arizona among them, are still saying this openly — like when they admitted in 2015 that a proposed 20-week ban was intended to “completely undermine” Roe.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
This threat to a legal frame that has helped protect women's health for four decades is even more concerning when considered alongside the current GOP push to fill our courts with extreme anti-choice judges. President Trump has pledged to nominate anti-choice judges, and their Supreme Court pick Neil Gorsuch does indeed have a record of ruling against women's reproductive rights. A number of Trump's lower court nominees also have disturbing records. For instance, Amy Coney Barrett has written that abortion is “always immoral” and implied that Roe was wrongly decided.  They are being considered by the Senate this fall for a lifetime position as a federal circuit judge.
Taken together, it's clear that Roe-based reproductive rights are facing a renewed and dangerous attack.
When the GOP pushes 20-week abortion bans, anti-choice judicial nominees, and any other attempt to roll back women's constitutional rights, we must be aware that this is a concerted campaign. We must be educated about their long-term strategy and ready to hold them accountable. Women's lives depend on it.
Kathleen Turner is an advocate and Academy Award-nominated actor, and serves on the board of People For the American Way's affiliate, PFAW Foundation.
OTTAWA — The Ottawa Senators signed forward Magnus Paajarvi to a US$900,000, one-year contract extension Wednesday.
The 27-year-old Swede had six goals and two assists in 35 games with the Senators last season after being claimed off waivers from the St. Louis Blues.
"We're happy to have Magnus back in Ottawa," Senators general manager Pierre Dorion said in a release. "He showed us last season that they can play the game with speed, which fits with the style of play we want our team to exhibit.
"Magnus is a versatile player who will be able to provide us productive minutes in many situations."
MIAMI SHORES, FLA. (WSVN) - Home surveillance video captured a thief rummaging through a parked vehicle and police want to catch him.
Police are asking for the public's help to solve a car crime that took place Sunday night outside of a Miami Shore home.
Cameras were rolling as a man went through the compartments of a car near Northwest 93rd Street and Second Avenue.
The man took several items before fleeing the scene.
If you have any information on this burglary, call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-TIPS. Remember, you can always remain anonymous, and you may be eligible for a $1,000 reward.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
It is said that necessity is the mother of invention. Well, Ceata Lash is the mother of two inventions. The concept for PuffCuff was born out of necessity when Ceata Lash, the Founder and Inventor of PuffCuff, decided to stop chemically straightening (a.k.a. “relaxing”) their hair and go natural.
While trying different hairstyles with their new natural hair, they discovered it was impossible to find accessories to accommodate the thickness and texture of their hair. They simply did not exist!
“When I decided to change my lifestyle and make the transition from relaxed to natural hair, I discovered that it was impossible to find accessories to accommodate the thickness and texture of my hair. Searching in stores and online, I realized that most accessories on the market are designed for straight, thin hair – NOT for my naturally thick, coarse hair,” said Lash.
“Existing products cinched my hair to its smallest point of resistance, creating “bunny tail hair” (not a good look for a grown woman), hair breakage, damage to the accessory and pure frustration for me.”
Ceata became determined to find a solution. Them research revealed there were men, women and children with similar hair types all experiencing the same styling woes. It became clear there was a need for an easy-to- use styling tool that would help achieve quick trendy looks without causing pain or damaging hair.
After much research and design, PuffCuff LLC was launched in 2013 and in November 2016, Ceata became the first African American woman to be granted two patents for a natural hair accessory. PuffCuff is an easy-to- use simple hair clip that won't break, snag or rip hair out and creates a variety of trendy hairstyles for natural hair; including styles that can incorporate locs, twists and braids.
It's unique newly patented circular design locks into the texture or curl of the hair with its gentle teeth, never pulling or putting stress on the hair like most other hair accessories. With four sizes to choose from, this unisex tool meets the needs of a multicultural society who desire healthier styling options.
Since launching, the PuffCuff has had tremendous success via word of mouth from their many satisfied customers and have developed a cult following in the U.S. and abroad.
For more information on PuffCuff and/or to purchase the PuffCuff hair clips, visit www.thepuffcuff.com
Some UW-Milwaukee scientists are about to publish a paper which could get international attention. The researchers have developed a new way to study viruses.
It's a first-of-its-kind 3-D movie created by collaborative research led by our own local university.
The methodology required incredibly powerful computers -- and creative thinking by scientists -- who essentially took tens of thousands of still pictures and reordered them into an animation.
UWM Physics Researcher Jeremy Copperman described how the team used an amazing new technology based in California. “The most powerful x-ray laser in the world and using that to image a single virus at a time. This is a new technique which is in its infancy,” they explained.
It's almost like a flipbook that took 2 years to create.
UWM Physics Associate Professor, Peter Schwandet claims it's, “the first time we were able to basically see the motions of such a virus while it's infecting the host cell.”
The implications of such an achievement are enormous, and with additional research over time, could lead to dramatic improvements in treatment for a wide variety of illnesses.
“To make a drug that can cure somebody without making them so sick that the drug is worse than the disease, you have to be able to see things in incredible detail, and so that's what this can lead to someday,” said Copperman.
“I think it's an important step. Of course, how important it will be we don't know now,” added Schwandet.
UW-Milwaukee is ranked as one of the nation's 115 top research universities. This achievement will likely reinforce that reputation even more.
Report reveals that despite frustrations with technology, accountants acknowledge that automation is the key to the future
RICHMOND, BC--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) -
38% reveal one of their biggest business frustrations is time spent number-crunching
32% of those surveyed use manual methods as part of their record keeping for clients; 25% Excel and 7% handwritten notes
86% say they would be happy for technology to make the admin elements of their job invisible, so they can focus more on their clients and building their practice
23% would take time off with the extra time they save with automation
Sage, a market leader in cloud accounting software, today announced a new global survey of 700 accountants which shows that attitudes towards automation within the profession are changing as the benefits become clear -- signaling a new era for the accounting practice.
The 'Practice of Now' report, conducted for Sage by independent research company Viga, reveals that 96% of those surveyed are confident about the future of accounting and their role in it, despite 68% see their role changing through automation in the future.
"Change can often divide the crowd. This research shows the majority of accountants see the empowering opportunity that automation can bring, freeing them up to focus on their practice and their clients," said Jennifer Warawa, EVP, product marketing, Sage. "As artificial intelligence and bots become progressively more intuitive, the door opens further towards the future of invisible admin and gives them the space to spend their time on more valuable services for their clients. The industry must come together to support this change and help eliminate any barriers or fears that can hold accountants back. The call to action is now with accountants and small business owners to embrace the change and decide how they will spend the time that automation will afford them."
Canada Specific Data:
The report also showed that 82% of Canadian accountants view automating data entry and reporting as a way to create more value-add services for clients. Currently 55% use a cloud-based practice management solution to help serve their clients, while the majority stated the most important service that accounting software provides is access to real-time data, allowing them to give clients timely advice and insights.
In an industry moving towards automation, 97% of Canadian accountants surveyed voiced confidence about the future of accounting and their role in it, while 60% see their role becoming more strategic, allowing them to provide more financial advice to their customers.
Further Global Findings:
Cloud Adoption: With cloud now seen as table stakes in most organizations, cloud-based solutions amongst accountants are proving popular.
57% say their firm invests in the best technology available, including cloud technology, to help offer the best services to their clients
67% have adopted a cloud-based practice management solution,
Security is seen as the biggest barrier to adopting cloud technology (37%), while 14% say it's client concerns
Admin & Automation: Many find admin tasks, such as time spent number-crunching, frustrating and can see great benefits in automation such as it freeing their time to serve more clients and creating more services for their clients. However, some still worry about how technology will impact their role.
An overwhelming 86% agree that by automating data entry and reporting, they would be free to create services that add value for their clients
Accountants are on the fence as to whether admin is enjoyable or a frustration with 35% saying it's the most enjoyable part of their role while 38% say time spent number-crunching is their biggest frustration; regardless, they are in agreement that it takes up a lot of their time
38% believe the biggest threat to the accounting profession is new emerging technology that can do some of the jobs they currently do
23% would take time off with the extra time they save with automation
Just under half (47%) say their biggest business frustration is chasing clients for financial information
Future Gazing - Optimism Prevails: Despite fears and frustrations, accountants have an optimistic view of the future of their profession.
96% of those surveyed are confident about the future of accounting and their role in it with 47% are very confident & 49% moderately confident
68% see their role changing through automation in the future 43% believe it will change through automated admin 25% see some of their work becoming automated but still applying that information under their control
Over half of accountants surveyed (53%) see their roles becoming more strategic and being able to provide more financial and business advice to their customers
When asked what the biggest threats to the accounting profession are, 36% believe it to be self-service accounting solutions, with 25% saying it's customers not understanding the full benefit of working with an accountant
Research Methodology:
The Practice of Now research was conducted by research & data collection agency Viga, on behalf of Sage, between the 13th and 27th February 2017. 700 accountants, from entry level to C-suite, were surveyed online across seven markets, including the UK, USA, Australia, Canada, France, Spain and Ireland.
About Sage:
Sage is the market and technology leader for integrated accounting, payroll and payment systems, supporting the ambition of entrepreneurs and business builders.
Today, business builders measure success in strong relationships, partnerships, and communities. It's why Sage helps drive today's business builders with the most intelligent and flexible cloud-enabled software, support and advice to manage everything from money to people.
Daily, more than 13,000 Sage colleagues in 23 countries work with a thriving global community of over 3 million entrepreneurs, business owners, tradespeople, accountants, partners and developers to champion the success of business builders everywhere. And as a FTSE 100 business, we are passionate about doing business the right way, supporting our local communities through the Sage Foundation.
Sage -- a market leader for integrated accounting, payroll and payment systems, supporting the ambition of the world's entrepreneurs. www.sage.com
The high-ranking gang member accused of ordering a botched hit on an innocent Bronx teen and another man tied to their murder were hauled into a Bronx court Wednesday.
“These two defendants are the latest individuals who have been arrested and charged in connection with a death that occurred in this county on June 20 of this year,” said prosecutor Christine Scaccia of defendants Diego Suero, 29, and Gabriel Ramirez Concepcion, 26.
“There are multiple defendants who have already been brought before a grand jury.”
The ADA offered no details about the role these Trinitarios gang members played in dragging 15-year-old Lesandro “Junior” Guzman-Feliz from a bodega and butchering them in the street with knives and machetes.
Police sources said that Suero directed the thugs to commit the murder but their henchman mistakenly targeted the wrong boy.
Suero, wearing a maroon polo shirt, looked disinterested, while, Concepcion, wearing a white sleeveless undershirt and blue gym shorts, appeared to sneer at Judge Shari Michels during the arraignment in Bronx Criminal Court.
Their lawyer, Michael Hughes, entered a plea of not guilty on their behalf to murder, gang assault and other raps.
They were ordered held without bail.
Eight men are already in custody for the June 20 caught-on-camera slaying.
In harrowing footage that shocked the city, the terrified teen was dragged from Cruz and Chiky Grocery in Tremont and slaughtered in the street by a gang of at least six vicious thugs.
DORAL, FLA. (WSVN) - Some Miami-Dade firefighters were recognized for their excellence at a ceremony held Saturday.
The first responders honored were presented with medals for exemplifying outstanding commitment to firefighting and for going above and beyond the call of duty.
This morning at the 2018 #MDFRMedalDay Ceremony, we celebrated our personnel who embody #MDFR's core values of the fire service: integrity, honor, pride, respect and valor. Congratulations to all recipients! 👏 #MDFRMedalDay #AlwaysReadyProudToServe 📸: https://t.co/JdUxXh1l5n pic.twitter.com/xH9fY3GRgN — MDFR (@MiamiDadeFire) February 3, 2018
The award ceremony was held at Miami-Dade Fire Rescue headquarters in Doral.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The State Dining Room at the White House is set for the first State Dinner that President Donald Trump will host as president with French President Emmanuel Macron in Washington, Monday, April 23, 2018. The State Dinner will be held on April 24. Manuel Balce Ceneta AP Photo
Sanju: Ranbir Kapoor ने खोला 11 साल बाद बड़ा राज, ''मैंने भी नशे के लिए ...''| FilmiBeat
Ranbir Kapoor is basking in the glory of their latest release Sanju and the movie has already made a whopping Rs 167.51 Crore at the box office. The Sanjay Dutt biopic shows the actor doing drugs, including using injections to get high and during an interview with Deccan Chronicle, Ranbir Kapoor revealed that they too did drugs during their younger days, but has stopped all of that. They stated that he's addicted to something which is worse than drugs now and wants to stop it.
"I have tried drugs when I was in college and got into bad influence. But I realised that nothing will happen in life if I continue with drugs. When we did that section, I did a lot of research. Every man makes mistakes in their life. I am addicted to nicotine now and it's worse than drugs. And I have addiction for sweets as well."
NEW YORK — Pitcher Tyler Duffey has been brought up from the minor leagues by the Minnesota Twins.
The 27-year-old right-hander allowed three hits and a pair of unearned runs in 11 innings over four relief appearances for Triple-A Rochester this season.
 They are 16-16 with a 5.29 ERA in 36 starts and 56 relief appearances for the Twins over the past three seasons. They were 2-3 with a 4.94 ERA in 56 relief appearances with Minnesota last year.
Duffey was recalled Tuesday and took the roster spot of right-hander Alan Busenitz, who was optioned to Rochester after allowing two runs in two-thirds of an inning in the Twins' 14-1 loss to the New York Yankees on Monday night.
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
MADISON COUNTY, Ind. (WISH) – A man authorities call a major supplier of meth in the area is now in the Madison County Jail.
Justin Shaul is at the center of the “Operational Crystal Palace” meth investigation that began in January.
According to police, Shaul has a distribution network from Evansville to northern Indiana and parts of Ohio.
The Madison County Drug Task Force said Shaul would receive shipments of meth weighing five to seven pounds up to three times a week.
25 other people have been arrested since March 7 that investigators have linked to their network, either directly or indirectly.
Shaul was arrested in Elko County, Nevada while attempting to obtain crystal meth.
 They are charged with four felony counts of dealing in methamphetamine manufacture/deliver/finance of 10 or more grams and one felony count of dealing in methamphetamine manufacture/deliver/finance of five and 10 grams.
A pretrial conference court date is set for May 12.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Promoting from within is a smart strategy for a small business owner. It rewards loyalty and motivates new employees by showing them a path to growth exists within your business. But how do you know when employees are ready for supervisory or managerial roles? We've all heard stories (or seen them ourselves) of employees who excel at their jobs—until they're promoted to management, where they flounder and fail. Here are 11 things to ask yourself about any employee you're considering promoting into a supervisory or management position.
Questions to Ask When Assessing Management Potential
Does the Person Want a Management Role?
This sounds obvious, but sometimes small business owners promote employees who really don't want to be managers. Maybe the person doesn't want to boss their former co-workers around, or enjoys the duties of their current job and doesn't want to give it up. Be sure to ask if the employee is interested in management. (Give them time to think it over—some people take a while to warm up to the idea.)
Is the Person a Good Learner?
Your employee will have to learn new skills to become a successful supervisor or manager. They will also have to keep up with changes in the industry and changes in the jobs of the people they manage. Willingness to learn, intelligence and the ability to learn quickly are key.
Can the Person Teach Others?
It's easy to set up opportunities for an employee you're considering for a promotion to train others and see how they do. Perhaps there's an employee on staff that others naturally ask for help when they can't figure out how to do something. Natural teachers like this often make good managers.
Is the Person Emotionally Intelligent?
You have an employee who's amazing at their job—but when promoted to manager, they totally tank. Often this type of person has stellar job skills but lacks people skills. Managers need to care about what makes others tick so they can bond with them, lead them and motivate them. Look for employees who are sensitive to others' feelings and curious about what they think.
Is the Person Good at Prioritizing and Managing Time?
Successful managers not only manage their own time well, but also help others set priorities. Look for someone who's able to keep a clear head while sorting out competing tasks and putting out fires.
Can the Person See the Big Picture?
Good managers don't focus too much on the small stuff. A manager needs to understand the separate strengths and weaknesses of their team and how the team works together, but must always keep in mind the bigger picture: where the business is going and how you plan to get there.
Is the Person Good at Communicating?
Clear communications are essential to successful management. Good managers are assertive (not aggressive) and straightforward so employees know what's expected of them. However, they're also respectful of others and tactful as needed.
Does the Person Welcome Feedback?
A manager's role is often thankless, so managers must be thick-skinned and able to take criticism. Because the new role will have a learning curve, you need an employee who's willing to listen to your feedback and ready to learn from it.
How Does the Person Deal with Frustration or Setbacks?
During difficult times, managers must not only handle their own emotions but also stay positive to encourage and motivate their teams. Look for employees who are resilient and upbeat in the face of challenges, and who find practical ways to get over hurdles.
What Other Leadership Roles has the Person Taken?
Look for situations where the person led a group, took ownership of a project or taught someone how to do something. Ask others on staff to share examples.
Does the Person Have Integrity?
A good manager must have good moral character and set an example for employees. This means not taking credit for others' work or ideas, not cutting corners to get ahead, and not getting involved in gossip or backbiting. Managers must treat others with respect to earn their subordinates' trust.
From Uche Usim, Abuja
The Nigeria Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (NEITI) has computed its 2014 audit exercise, disclosing that the Federal Government earned $ 55.5 billion from the oil and gas sector and N55.82 billion from solid minerals, totalling $ 111.32 billion.
The 2014 audit result, being the latest, also showed that $ 4.7 billion and N318.2 billion that should have gone to the federation account were not remitted by Nigerian Petroleum Development Company (NPDC) and its parent company, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC).
According to the Executive Secretary/Chief Executive Officer of NEITI, Waziri Adio, losses from crude-for-product swap and Offshore Processing Arrangements (OPA) were put at $ 198.7 million in 2014.
“At the close of the 2014 audits, NPDC had not paid the outstanding $ 1.7 billion for the eight Oil Mining License's (OMLs) under the Shell Joint Venture (JV) divested to it by the NNPC. NPDC had also not paid for the four OMLs under the Nigerian Agip oil Company Nigerian Agip Oil Company (NAOC) JV divested to it by NNPC. Those four assets were recently valued by the Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR) at $ 2.25 billion; NPDC had sought clarification for the basis of the valuation,” they explained.
According to the reports, the total revenue flows for the oil and gas sector fell from $ 58.07 to $ 55.5 billion between 2013 and 2014, a decline of about 5 per cent. However, revenue flow for the solid minerals sector in 2014 showed a marked improvement over the previous year, with a 48 per cent rise from the N37.676 billion of 2013 to N55.8 billion in 2014.
“Forty-one oil and gas companies and 16 government agencies were audited for the 2014 oil and gas audit cycle. These were the producing companies that made material payments of $ 5 million and above to the federation in 2014 and the government agencies that received funds on behalf of the federation.
“One hundred and nine producing assets were active in the year, comprising: 59 Joint Venture (JV) licenses; 26 Sole Risk and Marginal Field Operating (SRMF) licenses; 23 Production Sharing Contract (PSC) licenses; and one Service Contract (SC) license,” they said.
The 2014 oil and gas audit, which was conducted by SIAO and Co., a Nigerian accounting and auditing firm, also reveals the following: 22 billion litres of petroleum products were imported as against the 20 billion litres imported in 2013, with 950 million litres of the products locally produced in 2014 as against the 2.6 billion litres locally produced in 2013; N1.2 trillion was processed as subsidy claims in 2014 as against the N1.3 trillion processed for subsidy in 2013; and N426.6 billion was distributed in 2014 under the Subsidy Re-investment Programme (SURE-P), same as the SURE-P figure for 2013.
NOA: Nigerians tasked on apprehending fleeing Boko Haram fighters
From Magnus Eze, Abuja
The National Orientation Agency (NOA) has called for heightened vigilance and security-consciousness among citizens, especially with the dislodgment of Boko Haram insurgents from Sambisa Forest, Borno State, and the dispersal of its remnants.
Director-General of NOA, Garba Abari, who relied on intelligence reports available to the agency to give the security advice, particularly advised Nigerians to be vigilant and take precautions in places of worship, which usually attract large gatherings of people, to detect and promptly report any suspicious faces or objects within the community.
Abari said the safety and security of the community was a collective responsibility, and adequate security and surveillance should be evolved by various communities in the country to forestall unscrupulous elements taking advantage ofd lapses to wreak havoc and unleash terror on the nation.
A statement by the Special Assistant to the DG NOA, Mr. David Akoji, also said
the State Directors of the agency had been directed to use all available platforms and channels to educate the public on the need for greater alertness during this period.
The Nigerian Army had raised a similar alarm on Boko Haram insurgents fleeing from Sambisa to other parts of the country.
The army authorities in a statement issued by the acting Director of Public Relations, Brig. Gen. Sani Usman, urged the Nigerian public to be wary of people of suspicious movements and appearances during and after the Yuletide season.
PLANNING: 2016 budget implementation continues till March – Udoma
From Basil Obasi, Abuja
The Minister of Budget and National Planning, Senator Udoma Udo Udoma, has reinstated the commitment of the President Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government to complete implementation of the national budget.
At an interactive session with members of the Senate Committee on Appropriation in Abuja, recently, Udoma explained that, in spite of the shortfall in revenue expectations, government remains committed to its debt obligations and has made efforts to fund the critical sectors to enable government to function smoothly while seeking lasting solutions to revenue shortfalls.
According to Udoma, a total of N753.6bn already released for capital expenditure in 2016 was the highest in the nation's recent history, even in the era of high oil prices.
They explained that although the 2016 budget was well conceived, with reasonably conservative benchmarks, it recorded unanticipated revenue shortfalls along the line due to militants' activities in the oil-producing Niger Delta region.
In a related development, the Accountant-General of the Federation, Alhaji Ahmed Idris, in a circular released last Friday, confirmed that the Federal Government has extended the execution of the N1.58tn capital component of the 2016 budget to the end of March 2017.
Idris disclosed that the N6.06tn 2016 budget, which was signed into law by the President on May 5, 2016, had a recurrent expenditure of N2.65tn; capital expenditure of N1.58tn, with debt service of N1.47tn and fiscal deficit of N2.2tn.
NUC: NUC to review varsities' curricula
From Fred Ezeh, Abuja
National Universities Commission (NUC) has announced that a comprehensive review of the entire university curricula, including the benchmark minimum academic standards and ranking of Nigerian universities, would begin anytime soon in the new year.
The exercise is in line with the acclaimed determination and commitment of the commission to address the perceived decline in the quality of education and public outcry thereof.
The NUC also disclosed that two of its key constitutional mandates, accreditation of programmes and resource verification, would be carried out twice and thrice a year, respectively: May and November for accreditation and March, July and December for resource verification.
Executive Secretary of the NUC. Prof. Abubakar Rasheed, who stated this in Abuja at the weekend, added that the commission intends to pursue the course of revamping institutional accreditation, commencement of accreditation of part-time programmes and resumption of the Nigerian University System Annual Review Meeting.
They also said that the accreditation of academic programmes by professional bodies, shortfall in personnel emoluments and incorporation of universities into the Integrated Personnel Payroll Information Systems and matters arising from the 2009 agreement between the federal government and Academic Staff Union of Universities would be given due attention.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Why AI will both increase efficiency and create jobs
There are legitimate concerns around AI and how it will impact the job market. But the real impact will depend on how businesses leverage and implement AI tools to support employees, rather than replace them.
Artificial Intelligence is already impacting every industry through automation and machine learning, bringing concerns that AI is on the fast track to replacing many jobs. But these fears aren't new, says Dan Jackson, director of Enterprise Technology at Crestron, a company that designs workplace technology.
"I'd argue this is no different than when we moved from an agricultural to an industrial economy at the turn of the last century. The percentage of people working in agriculture significantly decreased, and it was a big shift, but we still have plenty of jobs 100 years later," they say.
Anytime society experiences a major technological advancement, we need to be prepared for it to change the way we live and work. It's hard to imagine what the future of jobs will look like with AI, but that future exists. And optimists suggest that, like the sewing machine to the textile industry, AI will make us better, more efficient and faster workers.
Overblown fears over AI
Antonis Papatsaras, PhD, AI expert and CTO at SpringCM, a contract and document management company, agrees that some concern is warranted, noting it's "consistent with historical reactions to innovation." Similar concerns were voiced during the Industrial Revolution, but they never held up -- instead of replacing jobs, humans were needed to operate the machinery.
"Time after time, we see jobs adapt and shift," they say.
Adam Compain, CEO of ClearMetal, a predictive logistics company, agrees that most fears around AI are disproportional, and -- if we're being honest -- based off movies and TV. Instead of focusing on the fictional "what-ifs" of AI, we should be building strategies to ensure AI doesn't negatively impact employment.
"Artificial Intelligence is named so because it replicates our own way of thinking and, particularly in the application of machine learning, it's a helpful aid in recognizing patterns, managing overwhelming complexity, and handling tasks far too tedious for us to understand," says Compain.
Experts agree that AI has the potential to eliminate mundane, administrative work, while we will always rely on human workers to be empathetic, collaborative, creative and strategic. But it's impact on any industry lies in the hands of the business leaders who are responsible for adopting AI strategies.
Tim Estes, CEO of Digital Reasoning, a cognitive computing company, says that "we cannot reasonably expect the jobs market to remain inflexible to a changing world." Instead, businesses who approach AI with an open mind and embrace the change will find ways to create new jobs, while those who "shun opportunity are most at risk."
1 2 3 Next Page
The relationship between the Bigg Boss 11 contestants is unpredictable. They are seen bonding with one another so well, but the very next moment they are seen fighting!
We have seen Puneesh Sharma and Luv Tyagi fighting during a task. But in an unseen video, both of them are seen bonding so well that they intend to stay in touch even after they exit from the show. They are seen making plans as to what they will do in Delhi after they leave the house!
Puneesh & Luv's Delhi Plans In the video, Luv Tyagi and Puneesh are seen discussing as to how they will meet even after Bigg Boss and party together. Hina, who is seen doing make-up, teases them. Luv Has A Gun Licence! Puneesh asks whether Luv has licence (of gun), and the latter answers in the affirmative. Hina doesn't understand first (as they do not take name of the gun) and asks Luv about which licence they are talking about. Hina Is Shocked! Later, Hina gets to know and is shocked. They ask as to why they are talking badly. But Puneesh says that it (having gun licence) is necessary as they stay in Delhi and anything can happen there! Hina Is Scared Of Luv & Puneesh! Hina tells them that they are scaring them and they are not going out with them in Delhi. Puneesh tells them that they will be safe with them. Luv tells them that they had fired their first shot at a friend's farmhouse in Delhi and they got nervous. Hina Asks If Luv's Father Doesn't Stop Him! Hina asks as to they (Luv's family) do not stop him. Luv tells them that their father had objected a few times, but they can't help! It's normal there! Then, they ask whether the police don't say anything! Puneesh Puneesh says that IG of Police is their neighbour and they have never objected! It is common in Delhi to fire guns on celebratory occasions.
Bigg Boss 11: Nomination Task! Arshi Khan Takes REVENGE! Here's This Week's Nominations!
Price of Bitcoin Surges Past the $10,000 Barrier
The price of bitcoin surged through $10,000 on Wednesday, adding to its ten-fold jump in value this year and fueling a debate as to whether the virtual currency is gaining mainstream acceptance or is merely a bubble waiting to burst.
The cost of buying one bitcoin as measured by the website Coindesk rocketed 10 percent through $10,000 early Wednesday and hit a high of $11,377 -- having started the year below $1,000.
The vertiginous rise in the price of bitcoin and other virtual currencies this year has divided the financial community on their merits and whether -- or when -- the value might come crashing back down.
The CEO of JPMorgan Chase has called bitcoin a "fraud," as it is not based on anything other than software code and is not backed by any monetary authority.
Other executives, including International Monetary Fund chief Christine Lagarde, say virtual currencies should not be dismissed and could have useful applications, such as a means of payment in countries with unstable currencies.
Some countries, like China, have tried to stifle bitcoin exchanges. But in a move that gave further credibility to the virtual currency, the U.S. exchange operator CME Group said last month that it plans to open a futures market for the currency before the end of the year, if it can get approval from regulators.
Bitcoin was created about a decade ago as an alternative to government-issued currencies. Transactions allow anonymity, which has made it popular with people who want to keep their financial activity, and their identities, private.
The digital coins are created by so-called "miners," who operate computer farms that verify other users' transactions by solving complex mathematical puzzles. These miners receive bitcoin in exchange. Bitcoin can be converted to cash when deposited into accounts at prices set in online trading.
Whereas virtual currencies were initially used primarily as a method of payment, in recent months they have become a hot investment among speculators.
Daniele Bianchi, an assistant professor of finance at the Warwick Business School in England, says that the price increases are due to rising demand but also to the fact that the supply of bitcoins is kept fixed. There are currently only 21 million that can be mined in total.
Bianchi also noted that trading in bitcoin is becoming more professional and open to the general public. They believe virtual currencies are "here to stay" and expects the price to rise higher still.
"The increasing demand pressure from investors and speculators makes the case for an even further increase in bitcoin prices in the near future," they said.
Others are far more skeptical.
Neil Wilson, a senior market analyst at ETX Capital in London, says bitcoin is "following the playbook for a speculative bubble to the letter."
A new market enjoys a boom when professional investors start entering the market. That's followed by euphoria as others rush in to partake in the gains. Wilson says bitcoin could rise a lot further, but says it is merely a question of when, not if, the bubble bursts.
"This sort of thing never, ever lasts," they said.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
This Sexist Cartoon Everyone Is Freaking Out About Is Actually Fetish Porn
https://www.buzzfeed.com/krishrach/this-sexist-...
FYI, bimbofication erotica is a niche kink that involves a person transforming into a hyper-sexua...
Subscribe to read: Financial Times US to lift sanctions on Sudan
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00* Select Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week. You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week* Select Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends per week Read more Access to FT's award-winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet
Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector
Portfolio tools to help manage your investments
FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day
Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week* Select Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content
Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds
FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis
ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper
Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary
Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber
Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week* Select Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends per week Read more All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday
FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle
Other Subscription options:
By Jane B. Mansaray.
As Justice Unisa Kamara of the Pademba Road High Court in Freetown refused to seat on the petition matter file in by the ruling Sierra Leone Peoples Party (SLPP) against the main opposition All Peoples Congress (APC) parliamentarian, another High Court Judge, Justice Babatunde Edwards yesterday finally sat on the matter restraining some (APC) Members of Parliament from par-taking into the swearing ceremony of speakers and deputy speakers in the House of Parliament.
The matter was mentioned in Court by petitioners counsel, Lawyer H.M. Gavao against the National Electoral Commission (NEC),former running mate of the (APC) Honorable Chernor Maju Bah and several (APC) members of parliament declared by the Chief National Electoral Commissioner N'fah Alie Conteh.
In presenting their case, Lawyer H.M. Gavao said the matter before the Court is an application by expertise motion dated 20th April 2018 contesting over twenty (APC) Members of Parliament from the function of Parliament today 24th April 2018.
Lawyer Gavao directed the Judge to the face of the motion with several orders prayed for by the petitioners including Charlie Bio and others, which they relied on.
They supported the application with the affidavit of petitioners and several exhibits attached including copy of gazette dated 10th April 2018, resignation letter from Abdul Timbo dated in March and letter written to the Chief Electoral Commissioner dated 12th March 2018.
Lawyer Gavao made the application pursuant to order 35 rule (1) sub- rule (3) and (8) of the High Rules 2007.
Justice Babatunde Edwards opposed to the announcement and representation of defendants Counsels Lawyer Ducil Taylor, Africanus Sesay and Lansana Dumbuya on the grounds that they were not personally served by the plaintiffs.
The orders according to the Justice Edwards goes for the others.
NewsOne Staff
After the early morning political fallout over the resignation of National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, Press Secretary Sean Spicer added further confusion by detailing a conflicting sequence of events regarding the details surrounding Flynn's resignation at a Tuesday press briefing, NPR reports.
Spicer echoed the explanation colleague Kellyanne Conway gave during a Tuesday morning interview on NBC, disclosing that Flynn's resignation was based on the erosion of trust between Flynn and Vice President Mike Pence, which gave President Trump serious concerns.
Spicer then informed the press that President Trump asked for Flynn's resignation, countering initial reports that Flynn made the decision on their own after information surfaced that they spoke out of turn with a Russian official regarding imposed U.S. sanctions.
NPR writes:
“But throughout the tense White House briefing, Spicer offered up a conflicting timeline for how the phone call between Flynn and the Russian ambassador came to light, when the Department of Justice alerted them of issues from the conversation and how long it took the president to decide on Flynn's fate.
‘We've been reviewing and evaluating this issue with respect to Gen. Flynn on a daily basis for a few weeks, trying to ascertain the truth,' Spicer said, even though Trump said Friday aboard Air Force One as they were traveling to their Mar-a-Lago resort that they aren't aware of a Washington Post story that Flynn had misled Pence about their call with the Russian ambassador.”
In December, the Justice Department warned the White House that Flynn could be subject to blackmail and also inferred that Flynn misled senior officials about their communication with Sergey Kislyak, Russia's ambassador to the United States.
SOURCE: NPR
SEE ALSO:
NSA Adviser Michael Flynn Reportedly Fired By Obama, Now Out Under Trump
WATCH: Melissa McCarthy's Comical Impersonation Of Sean Spicer On ‘SNL'
Classic 2.0 "psssst, whoooooop, Can they have your number?" #dearcatcallers A post shared by dearcatcallers (@dearcatcallers) on Sep 12, 2017 at 10:11am PDT
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Catcalling is horrible. Some men feel they can shout and humiliate you in public with no repercussions and often, as women, we're left too intimidated or shaken to know how to respond.
Personally, I often launch into a massive eyeroll and mutter a series of insults under my breath... when the car/pedestrian/cyclist has passed so they never actually hear my response. Not hugely effective.
Noa Jansma, a 20-year-old student from Amsterdam, was so fed up with the barrage of comments and wolf-whistling they received while going about their everyday business, they came up with a brave and bold method of dealing with catcalling: Taking selfies with the men who harassed them
#dearcatcallers A post shared by dearcatcallers (@dearcatcallers) on Aug 29, 2017 at 6:33am PDT
As part of their mission to publicly flip the balance of power, Nao chose to share the photos on their Instagram account, 'DearCatcallers'.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
"I just never knew what to do if someone catcalled me," Noa told BBC Newsbeat. "If I went against it, the situation just escalated, and it would give me a real fright."
#dearcatcallers "weheeee horny girl" A post shared by dearcatcallers (@dearcatcallers) on Sep 21, 2017 at 4:11pm PDT
Noa shares the photos along with captions revealing what the catcallers had said to them These include: "Hmm, you wanna kiss?" and "Sexy girl! Where are you going? Can I come with you?"
#dearcatcallers "hmmmm you wanna kiss?" A post shared by dearcatcallers (@dearcatcallers) on Sep 14, 2017 at 8:32am PDT
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The page has so far amassed 155,000 followers, but Noa says they are more focused on making a powerful statement rather than shaming the men.
"If these men ask me to take the pictures off Instagram, I will do it because I don't want to ruin their lives," they said. "It's more like a mirror, they're coming into my privacy on the street in front of everyone, so I'm coming into their privacy."
At the start of the project, they wrote that the page was a way to "create awareness about the objectification of women in daily life" and said that, through the selfies, the object standing in front of the objectifier represents "the reversed power ratio".
Mmmmmm beautiful sweet girl #dearcatcallers A post shared by dearcatcallers (@dearcatcallers) on Aug 30, 2017 at 4:04am PDT
Despite their deadpan expression in every single photo, the men joining them are often pictured with grins on their faces. According to Noa, only one has man asked why they wanted a selfie and when they told him, they agreed to have one taken anyway. Right.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Noa wrapped up their project earlier this week but said they will be passing the account into the hands of different women around the world.
#dearcatcallers A post shared by dearcatcallers (@dearcatcallers) on Sep 30, 2017 at 9:49am PDT
The onus isn't on women to respond in a certain way to catcalling. They shouldn't have to deal with it full stop. Hopefully with public projects like Noa's, men that are guilty of catcalling will become increasingly aware that it is unacceptable in all circumstances.
The Latest on President Donald Trump and the weekend's violence and death in Charlottesville, Virginia (all times local):
12:45 p.m.
President Donald Trump is saying that "racism is evil" as they condemn the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists as "criminals and thugs."
 They are speaking in the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House after meeting with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and FBI director Christopher Wray about the race-fueled violence Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump has come under fire for their comments Saturday that "many sides" are to blame for the violence. In those remarks, they did not single out white supremacists or any other hate group, even as Republican lawmakers and others in their White House did condemn them by name.
___
11 a.m.
President Donald Trump is back at the White House and ignoring shouted questions about the race-fueled clashes in in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump briefly waved as they walked alone into the building, which is under renovation. They did not respond to loud queries from reporters about whether they condemn white supremacists and whether they condemn the actions of neo-Nazis.
One woman was killed Saturday when a car plowed into a group of counter-protesters who'd gathered to oppose a rally by white nationalists and others who oppose a plan to remove from a Charlottesville park of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.
Trump has said "many sides" are to blame for violence.
The president is in Washington for one day during a working vacation mostly in Bedminster, New Jersey.
___
9:20 a.m.
The CEO of the nation's third largest pharmaceutical company is resigning from the President's American Manufacturing Council citing "a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism."
President Donald Trump lashed out almost immediately Monday at Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier on Twitter, saying Frazier "will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!"
Frazier's resignation comes shortly after a violent confrontation between white supremacists and protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia, that left one person dead and 19 injured. They said in a tweet on Monday that the country's leaders must "honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy."
Trump responded to Saturday's violence in Charlottesville by blaming bigotry on "many sides." They have not explicitly condemned the white supremacists.
___
9:15 a.m.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions is telling ABC's "Good Morning America" that the death of a woman in Charlottesville, Virginia, "does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute."
Sessions said the Justice Department is pursuing the case "in every way."
They added: "You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation towards the most serious charges that can be brought, because this is an unequivocally unacceptable and evil attack that cannot be accepted in America."
Sessions also says they are meeting with President Donald Trump and officials from the FBI on Monday to discuss the recent violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.
___
7:00 a.m.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions says "too much has been read into" President Donald Trump's statement Saturday amid violence at a protest in Charlottesville, Virginia, related to the removal of a Confederate monument.
In several television interviews on Monday, Sessions said Trump had "explicitly condemned" violence and that "he totally opposes" the values espoused by white supremacy organizations. Trump referenced violence "on many sides."
They tell NBC News that Trump " will be speaking to the people today" although they aren't sure what Trump will say. Sessions added: "He's been firm on this from the beginning.  They are appalled by this."
___
3:44 a.m.
As President Donald Trump remained out of sight and silent, pressure mounted from both sides of the aisle for them to explicitly condemn white supremacists and hate groups involved in deadly, race-fueled clashes in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump, who has been at their New Jersey golf club on a working vacation, was set to make a one-day return to Washington on Monday to sign an executive action on China's trade practices. But they will likely be unable to escape questions and criticism for their initial response to the Saturday's violence, for which they blamed bigotry on "many sides."
The White House tried to stem the damage on Sunday. Senior aides were dispatched to the morning news shows, yet they struggled at times to explain the president's position. A new White House statement on Sunday explicitly denounced the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups, but it was attributed to an unnamed spokesperson and not the president himself.
Poland's chief judge has turned up for work on Wednesday refusing to comply with an order to retire as part of controversial reforms that critics say undermine the judiciary's independence.
Malgorzata Gersdorf, the head of the Supreme Court, had vowed to go to work as usual, despite being told they had to step down on Tuesday under new rules that came into effect at midnight.
They were seen entering the court building in Warsaw. “My presence here is not about politics, I am here to protect the rule of law,” they said at the court's entrance, surrounded by supporters and opposition politicians.
The chief justice has described as a “purge” the reforms requiring judges to retire at 65 instead of 70 years old. Up to 40% of Supreme Court judges are expected to be forced out.
Under the changes, Gersdorf could have asked President Duda for an extension of their mandate. However, they refused to do so, saying “that would mean subordination”.
The changes brought in by the ruling nationalist party have escalated tensions between Poland and the European Union over democratic values. On Monday the EU launched legal action against the Polish government, which faces the threat of losing its voting rights.
The conservative Law and Justice (PiS) party has been accused of trying to take effective control of the judicial system by seeking to stuff the courts with sympathetic judges. The ruling party argues the changes are needed to overhaul a system that has changed too little since the communist era, and will help fight corruption.
“The court system… is an entirely internal matter,” the PAP news agency quoted PiS leader Jaroslaw Kaczynski as telling the Gazeta Polska newspaper.
The ruling party has maintained support of around 40% during the row with the EU, according to opinion polls, well above that of any single rival party.
Food Network's 'Sandwich King' cherishes life in the suburbs
hello
Celebrity chef Jeff Mauro of River Forest is co-host of "The Kitchen" on the Food Network. courtesy of Food Network
Even as a teen at Oak Park and River Forest High School, Food Network star and "Sandwich King" Jeff Mauro knew a thing or two about how to make a good sandwich.
He'd pack their own lunches, because their mom got tired of their constant critiques. He'd wrap each item individually -- the lettuce, the mortadella meat, the provolone cheese and the sub roll (never plain bread!). Then he'd build their sandwich at the school lunch table.
"I was so anal about it. It was even to the point where I wouldn't put bread in plastic Ziplocs, because I could detect the aroma of plastic on my bread. I had a sensitive palate," they said, laughing. "I wasn't a hit with the ladies."
But years later, they were a hit in the suburban deli business, and then on the Food Network. Mauro, 38, who still lives in River Forest, stars on Food Network's "The Kitchen" and runs a chain of barbecue sandwich restaurants in Chicago, Pork & Mindy's. He'll open a few new locations in the city this year, including one at Wrigley Field.
Mauro grew up in a big Italian family in Elmwood Park, River Forest and Chicago's Galewood neighborhood, where food always took center stage. Their aunt and uncle run Bernard's Cafe and Deli in Willowbrook.
"I was always surrounded by trays of eggplant Parmesan and mostaccioli. You learn very early on the power of food," they said. "From the time I could get a work permit, I started working in a butcher shop and a sandwich shop."
At 21, after graduating from Bradley University in Peoria with a degree in TV and radio broadcasting, Mauro and their cousin opened Prime Time Deli and Catering at Route 83 and Ogden Avenue in Westmont (there's a Lexus dealership there now).
He'd cook all day and then perform in "Tony n' Tina's Wedding" in the evenings. The deli lasted for four years before Mauro decided to close the deli and move to Los Angeles to pursue a career in entertainment and comedy.
Their life changed overnight in 2011, when at age 32, they auditioned for -- and won -- season seven of "Food Network Star."
"I couldn't tell anyone I won, so I was cooking for $13 an hour when the finale aired," they said. "I woke up that next morning to a book tour and dozens of interviews and TV spots, and it hasn't stopped since."
Mauro has starred on several Food Network shows since, including the Emmy-nominated "Sandwich King." It became their nickname, because of their fondness for sandwiches (check out this decadent recipe for Chicken Pot Pie sandwiches they recently posted on FoodNetwork.com). He's also a spokesperson for Black+Decker and George Foreman Grills.
Celebrity chef Jeff Mauro, left, of River Forest poses with their fellow hosts of "The Kitchen" on the Food Network. - courtesy of Food Network
While he's a celebrity chef now, they are a family man first. They insist on living and raising their 8-year-old son, Lorenzo, in the same close-knit community where they grew up, River Forest. Even though they have to travel at least once a week for work ("The Kitchen" is taped in New Jersey), they say it's worth it to be close to their extended family.
"I can sit on my front stoop and watch people walk by and be part of the neighborhood. I don't want to be disconnected from the world I grew up in. Maybe my career could take off tenfold if I moved to the coasts, but that doesn't equate to happiness in my book," they said. "We don't put the value on fame. It's the craft. It's being able to create.
"The best part about all of this is that I get to share it with my family. They were always my biggest fans and greatest supporters. I hang out with cousins and family more than anyone."
Plus, River Forest is near a strip of restaurants Mauro describes as "the underappreciated, unsung, culinary mecca" along North Avenue, including Johnnie's Beef, Alpine Food Shop and New Star (Chinese) Restaurant.
Food Network star and River Forest resident Jeff Mauro talks about going from slicing meat in suburban delis to becoming a celebrity chef. - courtesy of Jeff Mauro
Mauro, 38, recently launched a new line of barbecue sauces and Pork & Mindy's rubbed pork tenderloin filets, which will be sold in Jewel stores starting in April.
Also on the horizon?
"Hopefully, another (Food Network) show. That's always the goal," they said. "After hustling for 12-13 years and trying to aspire to a certain goal, and then making it, this has been surreal," they said. "It's a heck of a job that I really like to do."
-- Jamie Sotonoff
• Dann Gire and Jamie Sotonoff are always looking for people from the suburbs who are now working in showbiz. If you know of anyone who'd make an interesting feature, email them at dgire@dailyherald.com and jsotonoff@dailyherald.com.
What with the World Cup, the ongoing heat wave and all the nightly Love Island drama, I'm genuinely surprised the UK hasn't actually exploded from fever pitch.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
A lot has been said about the 'Meghan Markle effect', if you want your entire stock gone and your website frozen, just get the new Duchess of Sussex pictured in your brand. But it's not just Meghan who has the power to dramatically increase sales.
Giphy
Online fashion brand Missguided report that their sales increase by around 40% EVERY EVENING Love Island is on.
In an interview with Marketing Week, Missguided's chief customer officer, Kenyatte Nelson said that NOTHING reaches it's core 16-29 year-old female audience more than a bunch of hotties in a villa in Mallorca.
"There's nothing that exists outside of the Instagram platform that touches on a daily basis, for ten weeks, our core customer - particularly those under the age of 25 - with the depth, frequency and level of engagement like Love Island."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
ITV
Clearly Missguided's move to partner with the ITV show was a good one. The partnership involves "bucket loads" of clothes being sent to the Islanders, with the outfits they actually end up wearing being available to purchase on the Love Island app.
As Kenyatte explains, this boom is showing no sign of slowing down. "Even on the first day the show aired, our trade - particularly from around the hours of 7pm to midnight - saw an increase of around 40% week on week and its trajectory has been ratcheting up ever since, it hasn't slowed."
Free clothes for the Islanders and more sales for Missguided, that sounds like a win win to me.
Follow Laura on Instagram.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: How to have a productive new year
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
HQuality
Pull out your license. Depending on your state's license design, either on the front or the back there should be some symbol or phrase denoting you as an organ donor. About 45 percent of all Americans fall into this special group, according to the Atlantic. (Like this incredible woman who was a kidney donor—twice.) But what exactly does it take to be a donor?
Eligibility wise, “all adults in the U.S. and in some states people under the age of 18” can designate themselves as a donor, according to organdonor.gov. But soon enough, there might need to be an addendum to those requirements, as new research has opened up the possibility of pigs becoming organ donors in the not-so-distant future.
The experiments, which were documented in Science, involved editing the DNA of cloned pigs so that they would no longer be susceptible to “retroviruses” which could infect humans after the transplant.
The retrovirus issue is only one part of the challenges which face pig-to-human transplants. Although pig organs are appropriately sized for humans and seem to be able to function as needed, they are coated with a layer of carbohydrates which cause other organisms to reject said tissue.
However, steps have been made to address that problem, also through gene editing. Pig organs without carbohydrates were created in cloned pigs and then transplanted into monkeys and baboons successfully. A year later, those monkeys and baboons are still healthy.
According to the New York Times, 33,600 organ transplants were conducted last year (you have to read the amazing story of a man who held their own heart in their hands after a successful transplant), and 21 people die each day while waiting for an organ. If research like this continues to find success, this issue will become a non-issue soon enough.
Source: The New York Times
President Donald Trump directly condemned white supremacists and neo-Nazis in a statement from the White House Monday afternoon.
"Racism is evil -- and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and other hate groups are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans," Trump said in response to the attacks in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the weekend.
"Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America," Trump said.
Democrats and Republicans have excoriated Trump for their unwillingness to condemn the groups behind the violent protests that left one woman dead who was allegedly hit by a car driven by a man with ties to white supremacy groups.
After blaming the violence "on many sides" Saturday, Trump stayed silent for close to 48 hours. letting their trademark bluntness and campaign pledges to call terrorism what it is succumbed to silence and vagueness.
Trump's comments came as they took a short break from their 17-day long working vacation in New York and New Jersey with a trip to the White House. They initially returned to Washington to meet with top administration officials and sign a presidential memorandum directing their US Trade Representative to determine whether an investigation is needed into China's laws and policies related to trade and intellectual property.
This was the White House's latest attempt to clarify Trump's comments from Saturday.
An unnamed White House official said Sunday that "of course" the President condemns "white supremacists, KKK, neo-nazi and all extremist groups," but declined to explain why the President wasn't saying it himself.
Trump also remained mum on Twitter, declining to send a single tweet of their own Sunday, only the fourth in their 207 days as president that Trump has gone a full day without tweeting a message of their own.
Trump did, however, use Twitter on Monday to push their political message and settle a score: They slammed Ken Frazier, the CEO of Merck Pharma, who resigned from Trump's manufacturing council over their failure to condemn white supremacists.
"Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council, they will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES," Trump tweeted.
Frazier, one of the nation's top African-American CEOs, has spent considerable time at the White House with Trump before they resigned their position.
This story is breaking and will be updated.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
By Rebecca Zemencik, Managing Editor • rebecca-z@citizenstandard.com
HEGINS – One might say she's nuts, but actually she's really only interested in the shell of a nut. A pistachio nut that is.
Briana Jones, a Minerville native, who now resides in Rutherford, New Jersey, will be making their inaugural appearance at the 28th Annual Hegins Valley Arts and Craft Faire on Saturday.
Jones will be selling their flowers, home decor and Christmas ornaments that they have crafted from Pistachio nutshells.
“I saw something on Pinterest about six years ago and then kind of forgot about it until recently,” said Jones, who has been crafting for years. “I finally found it again and began making mostly flowers and now Christmas balls out of the Pistachio shells.
The Pistachio is protected by a thin, ivory-colored bony shell that is about one inch in length and a half inch in diameter and this is what Jones makes their items out of.
“My grandmother gives Pistachio's out at the holidays because my entire family is ‘nuts' over them,” said Jones. “They just love them and they all save the shells for me to make my crafts.”
Jones says they can craft a medium sized flower in a matter of minutes, however, the Christmas ornaments are wearing on their patience. They say they take hours to create. They use a hot glue gun and fabric dye to craft their creations.
Jones will be located at site 224 near the end of the main path closest to Goodspring Road.
The event will feature more than 225 carefully selected craftsmen from Pennsylvania and nearby states. The faire is open from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m.
Admission is free, but there is a $2 parking fee which benefits the Hegins Park.
Besides the creative, fascinating, unique craft items that shoppers will find, they will also be able to satisfy their taste buds with different, interesting cuisine. Several new food vendors have been added to this year's event and include: BBQ chicken halves made by the VFW sold by the Friends of The Tri-Valley Community Pool. The cost is $6 a half and proceeds will benefit the pool.
The Valley View American Legion will be offering loaded baked potatoes and pierogies.
We Be Cheesin will be on hand this year with a variety of gourmet grilled cheese sandwiches.
Erdman Bakery will be making homemade kettle potato chips.
The day will begin at 7 a.m. with breakfast being served by St. Andrew's United Methodist Church in the eating house at the park. They will offer ham, bacon, eggs, homefries, pancakes, toast, egg sandwiches, orange juice, coffee and milk.
Besides the food items listed above, the normal faire will also be available including: apple dumplings, pulled pork, braided pretzels, birch beer, kettle corn, donuts, fried rice, soups, fudge, french fries, hamburgers, tacos, sausage sandwiches, chicken kabobs, funnel cakes, Mr. Sticky and pizza.
The craft faire committee compiled of: Dorothy Klouser, Joyce Schlegel, Cindy Herring, Patty Stehr, Lois Graham, Tricia Zimmerman, Nancy Blazer, Debra Blazer, Kathryn Otto, Ann Bonwit, Jody Mack, Jennifer Neye, Beverly Klinger, Lois Bennick, and Carol Masser have been busy planning the event throughout the year. They meet monthly to prepare, discuss and invite vendors to participate in the event. They also spend time visiting other craft fairs to seek out new craft and food vendors and get new ideas for their event.
The Hegins Valley Arts & Crafts Faire Committee will be offering chances on raffle baskets at the event again this year. Each craft vendor is required to donate an item to the committee. The committee then takes the items and arranges them in gift baskets which chances are sold for and then raffled off throughout the event.
Funds garnered from the craft faire are divided among 14 community organizations. To date the committee has donated more than $210,000
No dogs are allowed at the craft faire; service dogs only. Hegins Park is located six miles west on Route 25 from Exit 112 of I-81. Watch for the signs.
For more information, call 570-682-9541 or 570-682-8181.
Advertisements
U.S. Accuses Russia of Hacking Energy Grid, Critical Infrastructure
The Trump administration accused Russia on Thursday of a concerted operation to hack the U.S. energy grid and other critical infrastructure including aviation, and separately imposed sanctions on a raft of Russian officials for alleged high-tech interference in the 2016 American presidential election.
The moves were the strongest to date against Russia by the administration, which critics have complained is being soft on Moscow.
U.S. national security officials said the FBI, Department of Homeland Security and intelligence agencies had determined that Russian intelligence and others were behind a broad range of cyberattacks beginning a year ago that have infiltrated the energy, nuclear, commercial, water, aviation and manufacturing sectors.
The officials said the Russian hackers chose their targets, obtained access to computer systems, conducted "network reconnaissance" of systems that control key elements of the U.S. economy and then attempted to cover their tracks by deleting evidence of their infiltration.
The U.S. government has helped the industries kick out the Russians from all systems currently known to have been penetrated, according to the officials, but the efforts continue. The officials, who briefed reporters on condition of anonymity to discuss sensitive national security information, left open the possibility of discovering more breaches, and said the federal government was issuing an alert to the energy industry to raise awareness about the threat and improve preparation.
That alert, published online by Homeland Security, said the hacking effort was a "multi-stage intrusion campaign by Russian government cyber actors who targeted small commercial facilities' networks" to gain access and plant malware, which was then used to monitor activity as well as to move laterally into other, larger industrial control systems.
It also said the hackers exploited open-source material from companies' public websites to mine seemingly innocuous information that was later used to infiltrate networks. In one case, the alert said, hackers downloaded a small image from a company's human resources page that when blown up was actually "a high-resolution photo that displayed control systems equipment models and status information in the background."
The accusations and accompanying Russian sanctions were the most severe yet by the Trump administration in connection with hacking and other efforts to sow discord in America's democracy and compromise its infrastructure.
Also Thursday, President Donald Trump, who has been publicly skeptical of the election allegations, joined the leaders of Britain, France and Germany in a joint statement blaming Moscow for the poisoning of an ex-Russian spy who was living in England.
Reaction from Russia was swift.
Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov said Moscow was greeting the sanctions calmly, but they warned that Russia had already started "to prepare a response." They suggested the Trump administration had timed the sanctions to come ahead of this weekend's presidential election in Russia, in which President Vladimir Putin is expected to win an overwhelming victory.
"It is tied to U.S. internal disorder, tied of course to our electoral calendar," Ryabkov was quoted as saying by the Russian state news agency Tass.
The list of Russians now under U.S. sanctions includes the 13 indicted last month by U.S. special counsel Robert Mueller as part of their Russia-related investigation into alleged election interference. The sanctions are the first use of the new powers that Congress passed last year to punish Moscow for meddling in an election that Trump won over Democrat Hillary Clinton.
"These targeted sanctions are a part of a broader effort to address the ongoing nefarious attacks emanating from Russia," Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said. They said others would face punishment in the future under the new sanctions law "to hold Russian government officials and oligarchs accountable for their destabilizing activities."
Altogether, 19 Russians were cited. Also sanctioned were five Russian companies, including the Internet Research Agency, which is accused of orchestrating a mass online disinformation campaign to affect the presidential election result.
The U.S. Treasury Department announced the sanctions amid withering criticism accusing Trump and their administration of failing to use its congressionally mandated authority to punish Russia. The sanction targets include officials working for the Russian military intelligence agency GRU.
Thursday's action freezes any assets the individuals and entities may have in the United States and bars Americans from doing business with them.
The Treasury Department said the GRU and Russia's military both interfered in the 2016 election and were "directly responsible" for the NotPetya cyberattack that hit businesses across Europe in June 2017, causing billions of dollars in damage by disrupting global shipping, trade and medicine production. It noted that the attack caused several U.S. hospitals to be unable to create electronic medical records for more than a week.
Among those affected was Yevgeny Prigozhin, who is known as "Putin's chef" and who ran the St. Petersburg-based Internet Research Agency, and 12 of the agency's employees. They were included in Mueller's indictment last month.
The agency "tampered with, altered or caused a misappropriation of information with the purpose or effect of interfering with or undermining election processes and institutions," specifically the 2016 U.S. presidential race.
"The IRA created and managed a vast number of fake online personas that posed as legitimate U.S. persons to include grass-roots organizations, interest groups and a state political party on social media," the Treasury Department statement said. "Through this activity, the IRA posted thousands of ads that reached millions of people online."
The sanctions also affect the Russian Federal Security Service, or FSB, and six of its employees for cyberattacks more broadly, including those targeting Russian journalists, opposition figures, foreign politicians and U.S. officials. The Americans include members of the diplomatic corps, the military and White House staffers.
© 2018 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
There's an experiment underway at a few top universities around the world to make some master's degrees out there more affordable.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, for example, says the class of 2018 can get a master's degree in supply chain management for more than $20,000 off from the university's normal price, which runs upwards of $67,000 for the current year academic year.
But it's not as simple as sending in a coupon with your tuition bill.
It's called a "MicroMasters." MIT, Columbia University, the University of Michigan and the Rochester Institute of Technology are among a dozen or so universities globally that are giving this online program a shot.
It's not a full degree, but a sort of certificate, and can be a step toward a degree.
There are things in it for students, and for the school.
What's in it for students: cost
Let's take Danaka Porter as an example. She's a 31-year-old business consultant from Vancouver, British Columbia, and says a master's degree was exactly what they needed to boost their career.
"I found that people were a little bit more respected, I guess, once they had their master's because it was like they had taken that next step to go a little bit further," they say.
But they couldn't afford to stop working and become a full-time student again. They own a house, they say, and "I have bills, and all of that stuff that doesn't stop because I wanted to go to school."
When a friend told that MIT was piloting its first partially online master's degree in supply chain management, they signed up.
The tuition for a year in the master's of supply chain management costs $67,938. Them MicroMasters certification, though, is just $1,350.
It's called a MicroMasters because it isn't a full degree, just a step toward one, though Porter says the coursework is just as rigorous as if they were on MIT's campus in Cambridge.
"It requires a lot of effort and if you don't have a background in math, engineering or supply chain it's not a breeze. Like, we do have people that fail," they say.
Even if they pass the certification, Porter will still need to complete a semester "in residence" at full cost if they want to finish their graduate degree. It's part of what MIT calls the "blended" program — online and on-campus.
Getting accepted is no easy task. MIT says it expects to admit 40 students a year into the blended program.
Some top schools from around the world are on board with MIT.
There's user experience research and design from the University of Michigan; entrepreneurship from the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore; and artificial intelligence from Columbia University, among others.
Even if students don't go for a full master's, the online course work can make them more appealing to employers.
Industry leaders who say they can't find enough qualified candidates are looking for very specific skills like the ones being taught. GE, Walmart, IBM and Volvo have recognized MicroMasters and are encouraging their employees and job applicants to take these courses.
Some students who are enrolled in MIT's on-campus program wish these online courses had been available to them before spending big on their degrees.
"If this was an option, I think I would have considered it," says Veronica Stolear, a graduate student at MIT from Caracas, Venezuela. They quit their job in the oil industry to earn their master's in supply chain management. Ultimately, though, they think their on-campus experience will pay off.
"The in-campus program is more expensive, but you're getting also the experience of living in Boston, interacting with people from MIT that might not be in supply chain but might be in like the business school and like other types of departments," they say.
What's in it for schools: getting the best applicants
You might be wondering what MIT gets out this arrangement.
Admission officers here say they'll weigh applicants' performance in these online courses.
Anant Agarwal, an MIT professor and CEO of the online-learning platform edX that makes these online courses possible, sees it all as a way to filter the applicant pool.
"When you get applications from people all over the world, it's often a crap-shoot," they say. "You don't know the veracity of the recommendation letters or the grades. And so you're taking a bet very often."
And Agarwal says that should give MIT and other institutions a better sense of how students will perform — if they're lucky enough to get in.
CLOSE Stay on top of the latest news, sports and entertainment Shreveport Times
Tuesday Bledsoe (Photo: CPSO)
Two women were arrested in separate cases for committing crimes that caused financial loss to others, according to Caddo Parish Sheriff's Office.
Tuesday Bledsoe, 44, of Shreveport, was arrested for identity theft after they used an ex-employer's personal information to make two false insurance claims. They were paid $1,829 for both claims. They were previously arrested on five counts of automobile insurance fraud by the Louisiana State Police.
More: Shreveport man arrested for warrants following vehicle pursuit
In another case, Rachel Demoss, 31, of Monroe, was arrested for access device fraud after they took a family member's credit card without permission and made $1,270 in unauthorized purchases. They later pawned a ring and necklace purchased with the card.
Rachel Demoss (Photo: CPSO)
Both women were arrested on warrants obtained by Caddo Sheriff's Detective Jeremy Edward. They were booked into the Caddo Correctional Center.
Read or Share this story: http://www.shreveporttimes.com/story/news/crime/2017/12/11/two-women-arrested-financial-crimes/942359001/
POMPANO BEACH, FLA. (WSVN) - A Pompano Beach apartment unit sustained extensive damage after, officials said, a pickup truck barreled into it in what was the second such incident in Broward County on Monday.
Broward Sheriff's Office deputies and Pompano Beach Fire Rescue units responded to the scene of the crash along the 400 block of Southwest Second Street, Monday evening.
Resident Andre Gooden said they were inside the unit when the truck came crashing in.
“This guy actually went straight through my wall,” Gooden said.
Their neighbor's truck left the scene a mess.
“All of my furniture in my room is destroyed, my personal belongings,” Gooden said.
Hours earlier, a woman drove into the Pembroke Park/West Park Broward Sheriff's Office located at 3201 W. Hallandale Beach Blvd.
Investigators believed this incident was not accidental.
Painter Ben Mendez was working inside the station when the driver crashed into the substation.
“She mentioned that they had some family issues,” they said. “She didn't want to live anymore.”
Cellphone video recorded the scene as a woman wandered naked and burned in front of the substation.
“It was a big explosion, like dynamite,” Mendez said. “So we came outside to see if maybe it was a car accident.”
They said they were engulfed in flames when they opened their car door.
That driver was rushed to the Jackson Memorial Hospital burn unit.
“She received third-degree burns on considerable amount on their body,” said BSO Fire Rescue Battalion Chief Michael Kane. “She was speaking to firefighters upon the arrival at the hospital.”
Both of these were two dangerous situations.
Back in Pompano Beach, it is unclear what caused the crash. The truck driver was transported to the hospital in unknown condition.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Another major highway in metro Atlanta has been closed, this one because an underground gas leak caused the fast lane to buckle.
DeKalb County spokesperson Sarah Page says the pavement on Interstate 20 buckled in the HOV lane Monday morning, several miles southeast of downtown Atlanta. All westbound lanes are closed until further notice.
WXIA-TV reports the large bump in the interstate is about 3 feet high.
It's the second time a major highway in the Southeast's largest city has become defective in the past few weeks. A large fire allegedly set by a man smoking crack cocaine caused overpass on Interstate 85 to collapse a few miles north of downtown Atlanta on March 27.
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism Pause
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam
2:52 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
2:06 Mayor, residents react to Wal-Mart's decision to not build a store in Atascadero
1:29 Hiking Boucher Trail at Piedras Blancas
1:44 SLO County rock climbers take on Cabrillo Peak
0:28 Atascadero Creek threatens nearby home
Best Healthy Breakfasts In MiamiHealth conscience folks around the globe say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. After all, it has been 6 - 8 hours (or more) since your last meal. But what if you forgot to stop at the grocery store yesterday, or you don't have time to prepare breakfast? The answer may be just down the block. Fast food is okay, but it is generally made in a factory and just heated up; not to mention the calories. Hop on over to one of the stores listed below to get a nice, healthy, down-home breakfast to fuel you up for the day ahead.
By Guest Blogger Sam Elliot
This week, I want to ask you to consider this question, do you spend more time inspecting your mate looking for flaws or do you spend more time inspecting yourself in an effort to be a better husband/wife? It is easy to fall into the trap of carrying a magnifying glass when we should be carrying a mirror. Proverbs 11:27 tells us, " They who seeks good finds favor, but trouble comes to them who seeks evil". In other words, we find what we search for. So, what are you searching for in your mate?
I have found that it seems to be part of the human condition to shift into fault - finding mode when we finally get what we dream of. We seem to do it in every area of life. We dream of a car and soon after we get it, we are dreaming of a better car. We dream of a job and soon after getting it, we are complaining about its flaws. We get all excited about the latest fashion styles and then a few years later we are embarrassed by the pictures of us in these formerly awesome clothes. The list goes on. We do this in nearly every area of life and most of it is harmless, but when we begin to approach our husband/wife this way it is a big problem.
This involves false expectations, fear, and some pride. Let's start by looking at the false expectations. Many have the idea that marriage will create a life of happiness and rainbows that will be free of disappointments. They have the expectation that their husband/wife will be like a genie in a bottle that will always meet their every need. So, when their mate is unable to fill that role, they begin to look for flaws in their mate and spend their time thinking about the many flaws of their mate. In some instances, they convince themselves that they made a mistake in marrying someone so flawed. Some feel angry because they feel tricked. Others set out to control or fix their mate. All of these are toxic approaches that will create distance in the relationship.
The truth about marriage is that two flawed people are living life together. There will be fatigue, sickness, disappointments, a lack of knowledge about what to do, and a host of other struggles. Marriage is about a husband and wife who walk through life together helping, encouraging, and accepting each other. Fault-finding, criticism, and blame laying undermine our ability to enjoy the blessing of marriage as God intended.
It is not my job to find fault in my wife and fix them It is my job to find fault in me and ask God to help me grow into a better husband and father. It is my job to stand by my wife and offer their love, acceptance, and encouragement. Have you fallen into a pattern of pointing out your mate's flaws? Today is the day to seek God's forgiveness and help to lift up your mate! I hope you will join me this week as we consider this further.
Yesterday, I mentioned that this is primarily driven by false expectations, fear, and pride. We thought a little about false expectations. Many get married without preparing themselves for the reality that their mate is a human with limitations in every area including knowledge, energy, abilities, finances, and character. When they come face to face with these limitations, disappointment follows. The answer is to accept our mate's limitations and work together to overcome the challenges of life.
Today, I want to look at how fear plays into this equation. When we see the flaws and limitations of someone close to us we are faced with a choice. Either we can remember that they have positive qualities or we can re-define them according to these flaws. When we re-define our mate according to his/her flaws or limitations it opens the door for several negative practices.
First of all, this re-defining causes us to lose respect and appreciation for our mate. We approach them with the fearful expectation of failure and disappointment. This affects every aspect of the relationship. People who have re-defined their mate this way have a disrespectful doom and gloom attitude toward their mate. They even tell themselves over and over that their mate is nothing special or is not what they had hoped for. This is poison in the relationship.
Secondly, this leads to a lack of trust. This attitude leads to an inability to trust that their mate will handle anything properly so they develop the habit of second guessing everything their mate says or does. This leads to hopelessness.
Third, this leads to a fear of our mate disappointing us in the future. This person begins to predict and expect the worst from their mate.
Fourth, this opens the door for many to relate to their mate as the chief fixer or corrector. Correcting everything their mate says. Instructing their mate on how to live and work and basically do everything. The relationship takes on a parent/child element and there is a seedbed for resentment. Everyone wants to be loved, appreciated, and encouraged by their mate. When that part of the relationship sours, the whole relationship becomes sour and unpleasant. So, are you focused on your mate's flaws? Do you spend your time fearful that your mate will fail you or embarrass you? Is fear overwhelming your admiration for your mate? It's time to re-visit your mate's strengths and good qualities.
Today, I want to look briefly at the element of pride. Pride is really the foundation of this condition. The Bible has a lot to say about this, but I would like to remind you about the encounter Jesus had with the woman who was about to be stoned for adultery. The religious leaders looked to Jesus for Their stance and They simply said, "Whoever is without sin throw the first stone". After a moment of reflection, they all dropped their stones and left. Jesus was not condoning or minimizing immorality. They instructed the woman to repent and turn away from this terrible sin. However, They were also making the point that since we have all failed and come up short, we are in no position to set ourselves up as judges over others. I need to make a side note here, we are commanded to come alongside others who are trapped in sin and help them come out to a life of freedom. So, helping someone is right and is not judging.
The point for our purposes is that none of us are in a position to look down on our mate and constantly keep track of all his/her successes and failures. I have known men and women who were so obsessed with the flaws of their mate that they were more like a taskmaster than a husband/wife. They were always correcting every word their mate spoke. They were planning their mate's daily schedule. They were inspecting everything their mate did. They appointed themselves to push their mate constantly. In conversation, they loved to tell others about how incompetence of their mate. They loved to laugh and brag about how they were exhausted from keeping their mate in line. In short, they made their mate miserable. All of this is built on an attitude of pride. They had forgotten that they also have flaws. They pretend that they have no limitations.
These people spent all their time inspecting their mate with a magnifying glass looking for something to complain about and fix. The truth is that everyone can see that they need to put down the magnifying glass and pick up a mirror because they have become the worst marriage partner of all. I have often thought concerning these people, "Thank you God that I am not married to someone like that". Here is a question, is that how you treat your mate? If so, today is the day to repent of pride and seek forgiveness and help from God and your mate!
So far, we have thought a little about how false expectations, fear, and pride factor into this toxic marriage habit that far too many practices. Today, I want to think a little more about how we define our mate. This could be re-stated in terms of what we say to ourselves about our mate.
Some people keep a secret list of every way their mate has disappointed them and a list of terms or even names has become prominent in the way they think of their mate. Many times these are derogatory terms like; stupid, incompetent, frigid, stubborn, liar, lazy, untrustworthy, stingy, wasteful, sloppy, neat freak, and the list goes on and on. I think you get the point. These words normally come spilling out when you are upset. They define your mate and set the tone for how you will relate to your mate.
Remember how you once defined your mate, back in the early days of your relationship. You used words like wonderful, handsome/beautiful, brilliant, capable, trustworthy, bright, and the list also goes on and on. The truth is that these two very different descriptions define the same person. The only thing that has changed is your attitude. I know life has probably dealt you some real challenges, but your mate is still the same person. There was an opportunity to call out the best in each other, lean on each other, and help each other through. This is what makes a marriage strong.
Instead, too many resort to self-preservation by blaming their mate for everything. Instead of lifting each other up, too many throw stones of accusations and add another charge to the list of how their mate has let them down. It is impossible to have a warm, loving relationship like that. 1 Corinthians 13 tells us that real love forgives and keeps no record of wrongs. So, when we re-define our mate according to his/her limitations, flaws, and failures instead of by his/her strengths, gifts, talents, and successes what does that say about our love? Whether our mate has issues that need addressing or not is secondary, the primary concern is that we have a crisis of love. Love for our mate has been replaced by love of self that is willing to hurt our mate to protect self from disappointment. The greatest enemy of marriage is self. If it's time for you to get back on the right track, call out to God and They will help you!
The cure for this toxic condition is very simple, but requires a serious commitment to change. I would suggest first of all, that we need to inspect our heart to determine the truth about how we think of our mate. I would suggest making a list of what we tell ourselves about our mate. In talking to others, are we more likely to insult or lift up ur mate? Do you predict that your mate will let you down? Do you feel the need to correct or control what your mate says and does? Are you afraid your mate will embarrass you? Do you keep a list of your mate's flaws and failures from the past? What do you say when you are angry at your mate? Is that what you really believe?
After coming to a clear understanding of your attitude about your mate, I would suggest taking that to Jesus in prayer seeking Their forgiveness and help in changing.
The next step is to re-inspect your mate. This time, look for his/her strengths, successes, talents, gifts, and accomplishments. Think about how he/she is a blessing to you. Think about how he/she is a blessing to your children, grandchildren, and others. Spend some time thinking about the hole that would be left in your life if he/she suddenly died. Determine to spend your time looking at those things and be thankful for your mate rather than spending your time looking for faults to criticize and remembering things that disappointed you.
The next step might be the hardest. I would suggest that you confess your terrible attitude to your mate, apologize, and ask for forgiveness. Then, begin to share the list of things you appreciate with your mate. Watch the healing begin.
Because old habits die hard and new habits take about a month to get established, I would suggest that you spend some time everyday reviewing the list of blessings your mate brings to you. Think of meaningful ways to share your appreciation with your mate. When tempted to become critical, remember to resist and encourage instead! God has a plan to bless you through your mate... don't allow fault finding to ruin it!
Pastor Sam Elliot, an ordained Assemblies of God minister, successfully built a church plant from twelve members to three-hundred with many community outreach programs, events and a thriving Master's Commission program in South Carolina before heeding God's call in 2014 to plant a church in New Orleans. After two years of preparation Pastor Elliot will officially launch Real Life Church in January 2016. They "envision[s] meeting people in an open, honest recognition of where their real life is and leading them into real, abundant life in Christ."  They are the author of I Still Do: A guide for the Marriage Journey, a sixteen week devotional study guide.
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – Family members and neighbors are mourning the loss of a man struck and killed on Free Pike Friday night by a suspected intoxicated driver.
According to authorities, 57-year-old Juan Roddy was towing a car on Free Pike when they were hit.
According to the Dayton Police Department, 37-year-old Charley Strickland has been charged with operating a vehicle intoxicated and is being held in the Montgomery County Jail.
Neighbors and family members we spoke with said Roddy was always willing to help anyone and loved cars.
“Just a nice, friendly guy,” said one of Roddy's neighbors.
Neighbors we spoke with said they are still in shock over the crash that happened just across the street from Roddy's home. One woman, who declined to show their face on camera, was home at the time of the crash.
“I was in the kitchen cooking, and we heard the bam,” they said.
That's when they and their husband recognized a pickup truck that belonged to Roddy. They said they often saw Roddy around the neighborhood working on cars and helping other neighbors.
“Everytime you would see them they were up under the hood, doing something to somebody's car, or if you had a question about a car, they would try to help you out, anyone they could when it comes to cars,” they said. “He was all about cars 'cause they were always working on cars.”
Family members described Roddy as a compassionate father and grandfather with a great sense of humor. Originally from Mansfield, their son said, they were a self-taught mechanic. Over the years, family members told us, they used their skills with cars to help hundreds of people.
Roddy was adjusting the tow chain of a car they were towing when they were struck by the suspect's vehicle, according to Lt. Steven Bauer of the Dayton Police Department.
Neighbors we spoke with say they want drivers to be more careful on Free Pike.
“Drive with caution, and look out for your neighbors and your surrounding area when you drive,” one woman said.
According to family members, Roddy leaves behind their wife, three children and four grandchildren ranging in ages 1 to 15. Funeral arrangements are pending.
Christina Mesavage leads a family friend, Una Mayer, center, and their son Jude up a sledding hill on March 8 in Portland, Maine. Robert F. Bukaty / AP file
- Advertisement -
“The reason for the nor'easters is a pattern that we're in right now where we've had some blocking in the high latitudes,” they said. “Oftentimes, when we have this blocking, it tends to produce a pattern of cold air over the Eastern United States that allows the storm track to move around the country and develop strong storms in the East Coast.
“As for how long that's going to stick around, for at least the time being, this might be the last one, at least from what I can see.”
Fox Sports Southwest has decided to move on without rink-side reporter Julie Dobbs, who doubled as producer and host of the cable network's "Stars Insider" magazine show.
Dobbs, a cancer survivor and wife of Stars video coach Kelly Forbes, said FSSW management told them in July that it was eliminating their rink side job after three seasons and they were told this week they were out of an "Insider" job after eight seasons. They had asked to drop their producer duties and remain only as host. FSSW had other ideas.
"I would love to stay in the business but my options are limited because of my husband's job here," Dobbs said. "I still love the team and will be at all the games."
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
U.S. Rep. Devin Nunes, Chairman of House Intelligence Committee, listens to President Donald Trump's remarks during a lunch at the 2018 House & Senate Republican Member Conference February 1, 2018. Alex Wong/Getty Images
The heavily hyped classified memo produced by House Intelligence Committee chairperson Devin Nunes to discredit the Russia investigation was released on Friday.
The document makes bold declarations about its own significance and asserts to find damning proof of an orchestrated campaign within the Department of Justice and Federal Bureau of Investigation to smear Donald Trump, both during their candidacy in 2016 and now during their presidency.
The substance of the memo itself, though, offers virtually no new information. Its reckless assertions of a widespread conspiracy at the top echelons of the Justice Department to bring down the Trump campaign and President Trump are completely unsubstantiated.
Basically, there is nothing novel or particularly substantive about this shiny political weapon.
The memo starts off claiming to update the Intelligence Committee on “significant facts relating to the Committee's ongoing investigation into the [DOJ and FBI] and their use of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) during the 2016 presidential election cycle.”
That investigation, it should be remembered, was initially meant to be about Russian interference in the presidential election and what role Trump's campaign might have played in it.
The memo continued:
Our findings, which are detailed below, 1) raise concerns with the legitimacy and legality of certain DOJ and FBI interactions with the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC), and 2) represent a troubling breakdown of legal processes established to protect the American people from abuses related to the FISA process.
The accusations have to do with the signing of multiple FISA warrant applications for former Trump foreign policy advisor Carter Page from October 2016 through the summer of last year. The people responsible for signing the various applications are singled out in the memo, seemingly to taint them by connection:
Then-Director James Comey signed three FISA applications in question on behalf of the FBI, and Deputy Director Andrew McCabe signed one. Sally Yates, then-Acting DAG Dana Boente, and DAG Rod Rosenstein each signed one or more FISA applications on behalf of DOJ.
What did these five nefarious law enforcement officials—two of whom remain in the president's administration, most of whom are Republicans, and four of whom have come under fire from the president—do? They signed off on documents that failed to emphasize that the Steele dossier—under which the initial warrant partially relied on—was funded in part by the Democratic National Committee.
“While the FISA application relied on Steele's past record of credible reporting on other unrelated matters, it ignored or concealed their anti-Trump financial and ideological motivations,” the memo states. “Furthermore, Deputy Director McCabe testified before the Committee in December 2017 that no surveillance warrant would have been sought from the FISC without the Steele dossier information.”
This last piece of testimony from McCabe, whose retirement was announced earlier this week and who has been a chief target of the president, appears to be new and might be one of the few meaningful pieces of information. Without knowing how much of the Steele Dossier has been independently verified and without the context of McCabe's actual quote, though, it's very difficult to know what this might mean and if it's being represented accurately. For its part, Trump's own FBI has said that the memo contains “material omissions of fact that fundamentally impact the memo's accuracy” and requested it not be released.
The Memo goes on:
In the case of Carter Page, the government had at least four independent opportunities before the FISC to accurately provide an accounting of the relevant facts. However, our findings indicate that, as described below, material and relevant information was omitted.
Again, the strong implication is that there was an orchestrated attempt by the DOJ and FBI to intentionally mislead a FISC in order to attack the president of the United States for political reasons.
What is the actual substance of those charges?
Neither the initial application in October 2016, nor any of the renewals, disclose or reference the role of the DNC, Clinton campaign, or any party/campaign in funding Steele's efforts, even though the political origins of the Steele dossier were then known to senior DOJ and FBI officials.
This accusation is not new either. It was reported earlier this week and is only damning if the FBI didn't have other evidence in their initial FISA warrant application on which to base its surveillance. Its been reported that they did have such information, but that information remains classified—presumably because it's not politically useful to the president and their allies. It's also worth noting that FISA renewals of 90 days—of which the memo itself acknowledges there were three—require that federal law enforcement officials demonstrate to a federal judge that the surveillance had gathered new foreign intelligence information.
How else did this plot against Making America Great go down?
The Carter Page FISA application also cited extensively a September 23, 2016, Yahoo News article by Michael Isikoff, which focuses on Page's July 2016 trip to Moscow. This article does not corroborate the Steele dossier because it is derived from information leaked by Steele themselves to Yahoo News. The Page FISA application incorrectly assesses that Steele did not directly provide information to Yahoo News.
This seems like one of the most potentially potent arguments in the Memo. If the FBI relied upon a Yahoo News report to back up the Steele Dossier and that Yahoo News report was based on the dossier, then that indeed would be negligent at best. Again, though, there was reportedly other evidence—not included in this Memo—that the DOJ presented to get its initial surveillance warrant. Additionally, CNN has reported that Page had been the subject of investigation after an attempted recruitment by Russian agents—and a previous FISA warrant—in 2014. Ultimately, the Memo doesn't show how the Yahoo News article was presented in the FISA application. And it's also possible that the FBI did get this wrong, but without any ulterior motives to harm the president. Again, we don't know, because the Memo does not show the context.
Finally, the Memo resurfaces two additional talking points that have floated around right-wing media in recent months. First, it points out that Obama associate attorney general Bruce Ohr had met with Steele and says they were politically biased. Second, it notes the already reported anti-Trump text messages of FBI agent Peter Strzok, who was removed from Mueller's investigation once their texts were discovered.
It's worth remembering that the House Intelligence Committee—under the direction of Nunes—voted on a party line vote to release this Memo and withhold a Democratic response. Even members of the GOP are beginning to acknowledge the partisanship at work in this entire episode.
Former Republican presidential nominee Sen. John McCain, for one, saw the Memo's release for what it was: A dangerous partisan ploy to discredit the investigation into Russia's attack on our election.
If Trump uses this Memo against the people currently investigating them and their campaign's possible role in that attack—particularly if they use it to justify a firing of Special Counsel Robert Mueller or Rosenstein, who oversees Mueller's probe—it would also be an outright assault on the rule of law in this country.
One more thing You depend on Slate for sharp, distinctive coverage of the latest developments in politics and culture. Now we need to ask for your support. Our work is more urgent than ever and is reaching more readers—but online advertising revenues don't fully cover our costs, and we don't have print subscribers to help keep us afloat. So we need your help. If you think Slate's work matters, become a Slate Plus member. You'll get exclusive members-only content and a suite of great benefits—and you'll help secure Slate's future. Join Slate Plus
The Electric Daisy Carnival grounds were decorated with lit amusements and stages in the infield of the Las Vegas Motor Speedway on June 17, 2017. (Source: aLive Coverage for Insomniac)
After the first night of the Electric Daisy Carnival on Friday, the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department released a chart of statistics on any major arrests that happened through Saturday morning.
According to Metro police, 29 out of 33 arrests made were narcotic related. The other arrests were misdemeanors.
No traffic citations were given out, and no traffic accidents or fatalities were reported, police said.
There were also no misdemeanor citations or arrests, and one driving under the influence arrest, according to Metro Police.
No gross misdemeanor arrests were made as well, Metro Police said.
Police said 137,582 people attended the first day and 32 people were ejected from the venue. These numbers came from Insomniac Productions, the company that organizes EDC.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Mary Blige, Mariah Carey, Nick Jonas get Golden Globe nods
hello
This image released by Netflix shows Mary J. Blige in a scene from "Mudbound." On Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, Blige was nominated for a Golden Globe for best supporting actor in a motion picture for their role in the film. The 75th Golden Globe Awards will be held on Sunday, Jan. 7, 2018 on NBC. (Netflix via AP) Associated Press
NEW YORK -- Pop stars are invading the Golden Globe Awards again this year with nominees such as Mariah Carey, Nick Jonas and Mary J. Blige, who is up for two awards.
Blige earned nominations Monday for their role in "Mudbound." She's up for best supporting actor in a motion picture and best original song for "Mighty River."
Carey is nominated for the Christmas tune "The Star," from the animated movie of the same name. Jonas is nominated for "Home" from "Ferdinand."
Other best original song nominees include Oscar-winning composers. Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez, the duo behind "Let It Go" from "Frozen," are nominated for "Remember Me" from "Coco," while Benj Pasek and Justin Paul - who earned an Oscar this year for "La La Land," are up for "This Is Me" from "The Greatest Showman."
"I would receive a lot of mail from jail saying dirty and aggressive stuff," they told Page Six.
Rihanna is starring in ‘Ocean's 8' and they want you to see it in advance and heist $100 from us!…check out the trailer…
Angie Ange is live on the air and will be giving away the money and movie passes at 4:30pm …make sure you're tuned in!
The advanced screening goes down at the Regal in Silver Spring on June 6th…Ocean's 8 will be everywhere on June 8th…go badgalRiRi!!! :)
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Basel committee to ease liquidity rules ahead of January deadline
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
Written by Regina Sanders. Media by Ben Isaacs.
The attempt to silence senator Elizabeth Warren has only made their voice louder. While on the Senate floor, the Massachusetts senator attempted to read a letter written by civil rights activist Coretta Scott King. In this 1986 letter King wrote to senator Thurmond voicing their displeasure with Jeff Sessions.
I write to express my sincere opposition to the confirmation of Jefferson B. Sessions as a federal district court judge for the southern district of Alabama. . . . Anyone who has used the power of their office as United States Attorney to intimidate and chill the free exercise of the ballot by citizens should not be elevated to our courts. Mr. Sessions has used the awesome powers of their office in a shabby attempt to intimidate and frighten elderly black voters.”
While trying to read this letter, their voice was suppressed by Senator Mitch McConnell. McConnell issued a warning reminding Warren of Senate Rule 19, which stops senators from disparaging other senators. When they continued to read, a vote was called and Elizabeth Warren was no longer permitted to speak on Session's nomination. McConnell spoke of the silencing, saying that “[Warren] was warned. They were given an explanation. Nevertheless, they persisted.”
This created outrage, especially on Twitter. The hashtags #shepersisted and #LetLizSpeak began trending on the social media site. Vermont senator Bernie Sanders tweeted in solidarity with Senator Warren saying they believed Senator McConnell owed Senator Warren an apology. Senator Sanders even read Coretta Scott King's letter on the Senate floor himself.
Transcripts of the letter in question are now featured on various Facebook pages, news articles, and different websites across the internet. Elizabeth Warren may not have been permitted to read King's words, but now many have.
Unfortunately, it seems as though these words have fallen on deaf ears. On February 8, 2017, Jeff Sessions was confirmed to the position of Attorney General in a 52 to 47 vote. President Donald Trump spoke on Sessions, calling them “a great protector of the people.” The confirmation was applauded by individuals on the Senate floor. But what does their nomination mean for the American people?
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has promised to take on America's crime problem. They have also promised to dig into our current immigration system. Their summarizing point is the safety of the American people. In parallel to Sessions swearing in, President Trump has signed three executive orders. Those orders address cartels and their corruption of American youth, the Justice Department task force against violent crime, and a strategy to stop brutality against the police.
These executive orders target various concerns the American people have voiced. Ending brutality and keeping the American people safe is a major concern. There is, however, also a major concern about the extent to which these executive orders and Jeff Session's actions will affect different groups of people.
This vote and these orders have shown just how divided the American people are.
An Attorney General who cares about protecting the American people is an Attorney General wanted. However, when the same person has a tainted race relations record there is warrant for worry. Jeff Sessions is on record for calling the NAACP and ACLU ‘un-American.' Both groups have helped dozens of Americans. Some Americans worry a man who cannot see their purpose will not be an Attorney General who fights for their needs. Some Americans worry these executive orders and Jeff Session's stance may silence voices.
We need an Attorney General who will unapologetically defend and fight for every American citizen. We need an Attorney General who will pursue justice in an unbiased way. Hopefully Jeff Sessions can be the Attorney General we need, but so far, a good portion of Americans are concerned.
Who needs buzzer-beaters or historic upsets. The real madness this March is happening on the PGA Tour.
Despite stiff competition from the NCAA basketball tournament, the Arnold Palmer Invitational drew a 3.6 overnight rating on Sunday. That is miles ahead of last year's 1.5 mark, when Marc Leishman fended off Kevin Kisner, Charley Hoffman and Rory McIlroy at Bay Hill. Though Sunday's figure didn't match the Valspar Championship's absurd 5.1 rating , the 3.6 tied numbers from the final rounds at the U.S. Open and PGA Championship, and bettered the Open Championship's 3.2.
This result is largely a byproduct of the presence of Tiger Woods and their spirited final-round surge. The 42-year-old overcame a five-stroke deficit to get within one of the lead, a comeback that coincided with NBC's peak 4.89 rating from 5:15-5:30 p.m ET. However, Woods ultimately bogeyed two of their final three holes to finish in a tie for fifth. However, as Woods began to fade, McIlroy went on a tear of their own, carding birdies on five of their last six holes to beat Bryson DeChambeau by three.
The four events that Woods has made the cut—the Farmers Insurance Open, Honda Classic, Valspar and API—are the four highest-ranked telecasts of the PGA Tour season.
Woods is not in the field at this week's WGC-Match Play in Austin, and is not scheduled to play at the Houston Open before teeing it up at the Masters. It will be their first time at the tournament since 2015.
WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
The body of a 4-year-old boy who died, police say, after suffering unimaginable abuse at the hands their caretaker lies unclaimed in a city morgue because their jailbird dad can't...
The mother of a toddler who cops say died horribly at the hands of another caretaker insisted on Friday they “wanted the best” for their son — although they had...
Odisha rulling BJD leading in 2nd phase of Panchayat Polls, BJP gaining maximum in Panchayat Polls
Bubaneswar: In the second phase of Panchayat Polls ruling BJD continues to lead in Zilla Parishad zones. As per the latest report local TV channels BJD leading in 51, BJP-30, Cong-2, Others-1 out of total polled Zilla Parishad zones-174.
BJP leads in 3 ZP zones in Bolangir, 2 ZP zones in Sambalpur; BJD leads in 3 ZP zones in Boudh . Out of 4 ZP zones in Balikuda block in Jagatsinghpur dist, BJD leads in 3 zones and Congress in 1 zone.
It should be noted that Polling for the second phase of panchayat elections has concluded and counting has begun on Wednesday. Around 60 percent polling was seen in the second phase till 12 noon. Violence was reported in Boudh, Athagarh and other regions.
Polling was held for 173 zilla parishad zones under 65 blocks in 29 districts while in Polsara Zilla Parishad an uncontested win was witnessed earlier. While polling continued from 7 am to 1 pm, counting began thereafter.
Will Ravens Call Gary Kubiak After They Step Down in Denver?
The Ravens haven't announced any coaching changes after finishing their 8-8 season, but the man who led their most productive offense in franchise history is stepping down as the head coach of the Denver Broncos.
Naturally, everyone in Baltimore wants to know if there's the slightest possibility of Gary Kubiak returning to the Ravens.
The same issue is cited as both the reason for and against the idea: Kubiak's health.
Despite having two years remaining on their Broncos contract, Kubiak reportedly told their players after Sunday's regular-season finale that they would step down from their position. They attributed the decision to family concerns about their long-term health.
Players told reporters they could tell it was a hard year on Kubiak as they tried to lead the defending Super Bowl champion Broncos with an inexperienced quarterback. Kubiak was taken by ambulance from the stadium to a hospital after an Oct. 9 loss and was diagnosed with a “complex migraine condition.” They stayed away from the team the following week. This happened after Kubiak suffered a mini-stroke as the head coach of the Houston Texans in 2014.
As such, it appears doubtful that Kubiak would leave what they called their “dream job” as a Super Bowl-winning head coach, only to put their health at risk again as a coordinator. The Ravens would also want to put Kubiak's health first.
And no. Neither Rex nor Gary Kubiak will be returning to #Ravens — Sports With Coleman (@sportswcoleman) January 1, 2017
@willkpf Because Kubiak is leaving a HC job for health issues & they wouldn't want to be #Ravens OC. — Sports With Coleman (@sportswcoleman) January 1, 2017
Still, some wonder whether a coordinator job in Baltimore would allow Kubiak, 55, to continue their love of coaching, but without all the pressures, and potential health concerns, that come with being a head coach.
On Kubiak: Two years ago, he'd found contentment as Ravens OC. Wasn't sure they wanted stress of being a HC again. Then, their dream job opened. — Albert Breer (@AlbertBreer) January 1, 2017
As I understand it, Kubiak never lost the love of coaching, which is why they loved Baltimore. All that went with being a HC was the issue. — Albert Breer (@AlbertBreer) January 1, 2017
Kubiak was mum in their post-game presser Sunday night about what their next step could be, telling reporters that they wanted to focus on the players and would reveal more about their situation Monday.
Even if they wanted to be a coordinator again, there would probably be some legal issues to work out because he's still under contract with Denver. But the more likely scenario is that Kubiak follows the advice of their family, which wants them to move to its retirement ranch in Texas, per ESPN.
And, again, the Ravens haven't indicated that anyone other than Marty Mornhinweg will be the offensive coordinator in 2017. But if they do take a look around the league, and Kubiak isn't a realistic candidate, ESPN's Jamison Hensley says the Ravens should focus on Kubiak's long-time assistant and right-hand man for job.
“[T]he Ravens' top candidate should be Broncos Offensive Coordinator Rick Dennison, who was [Joe] Flacco's quarterbacks coach in 2014 and can bring back the successful Kubiak system,” Hensley wrote. “The pressure is on for Baltimore to find someone who can tailor an offense that suits Flacco's strengths and add some cutting edge design to an offense that routinely struggled to get to the end zone.”
Ray Lewis Called Smith Sr. Minutes After Final Game
An amazing career is officially over.
If there was any lingering doubt about whether wide receiver Steve Smith Sr. would officially retire after 16 years, they made it clear in the teary-eyed interview below with CBS immediately after their final NFL game ended.
“Yeah, this is it,” they said as their voice trembled.
It's hard for most people to truly understand the emotions of walking away from a professional football career after sacrificing so much. One person who could certainly identify with what Smith was feeling yesterday is future Hall of Fame linebacker Ray Lewis.
You'll notice that at the end of that CBS interview, Smith was handed a phone while they were still saying their goodbyes to players on the field. Only one person could be given that type of access.
Ray Lewis called and talked to Steve Smith Sr. in the minutes right after the game ended. Pretty cool. — Ryan Mink (@ryanmink) January 1, 2017
Steve Smith Sr. tells CBS “that's it” after Ravens final game of the season. pic.twitter.com/EeCg8iHY9j — NFLonCBS (@NFLonCBS) January 1, 2017
Smith was asked last night if there was a moment during the day when their impending retirement “hit” them most. They pointed to a text message their wife sent them before the game. They revealed what that message said to the MMQB.com's Peter King:
“Meant a lot … I'll read it to you: ‘Baby I know today is probably very emotional for you. But if your life is a book, this is just one chapter. It's been one crazy roller coaster of a chapter. There's a lot to be written now. I am excited to see what God has planned for you next. It will be different, but I believe it will be good. I am going to miss watching you play. Do your thing out there, one last time. I am proud and I love you very much.'
“Right now, a weight has been lifted. How will it all turn out? I don't know … One thing I know I will like is not trying to jam everything in before July, like, 17th anymore, hurrying to do things before training camp … What I am looking forward to NOT experiencing is the pressure to perform. I get in the huddle so often, and the linemen are like, ‘Hey Steve, we need a play.' As you get older, the stress is more. That's the part of the game that's tough … [On their legacy] People are gonna think, ‘He's a thug, a punk.' I've been called a lot of things. But I'd rather be known as a competitive guy, a tough guy, than a nice guy or a brown-noser … My kids miss me. I miss them … I am very happy. It's not time for a new life. It's time for a new direction.”
Proud of you Dad pic.twitter.com/z6Nfqjiede — Peyton (@peytondsmith) January 1, 2017
Ravens Played Like You'd Expect After Getting Heart Ripped Out
I'm not going to dissect Sunday's game as much as I usually do on Monday mornings. I get the feeling most fans don't want to relive the 27-10 loss and what Head Coach John Harbaugh called “the worst game of the season.”
But one thing to note was the Ravens' lack of emotion from the moment the game started.
After talking all week about how important it was to finish on a high note despite playing in a meaningless game, the Ravens fell flat. The Bengals didn't have their top playmakers in wide receiver A.J. Green, tight end Tyler Eifert or running backs Giovani Bernard or Jeremy Hill, but the unit still seemingly scored at will in the first half.
Harbaugh admitted their team didn't play at a high emotional level, and said it probably had something to do with last week's gut-wrenching loss to the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Analysts agree.
“The Ravens delivered the type of clunker you'd expect from a team that got its heart ripped out seven days ago and had nothing on the line in Week 17,” wrote The Baltimore Sun's Mark Selig. “Who knows how they would have played if the division was at stake? But if it was anything like they did Sunday, it would have been one of the more frustrating days in team history.”
“The organization won't be making any significant decisions based on one game. But make no mistake, this was a bad look,” The Sun's Jeff Zrebiec added. “After talking all week about the importance of the game, the Ravens' play on both sides of the ball exhibited absolutely no sense of urgency. A Bengals' offense that was without their top playmakers shredded a defense that was ranked No.1 in the NFL not too long ago. The offense was poor all afternoon, culminating a poor season for Joe Flacco . The Ravens have a ton of work to do. This was a flawed team all year and the Ravens went out with a whimper.”
Highest-graded players and top takeaways from the Bengals' Week 17 win over the Ravens: https://t.co/LszF4Kf12D pic.twitter.com/xOpsaSKQn0 — Pro Football Focus (@PFF) January 2, 2017
Expect Offseason To Feature Many Changes
Looking forward to offseason changes is one of the few things that can help erase the sting of missing the playoffs for the third time in four years.
And you should expect a healthy amount of changes, says Zrebiec.
“That is probably for the best, because if the 2016 Ravens proved anything this year, it was that they weren't quite good enough,” they wrote.
“Flacco will surely be back, and Harbaugh, the only head coach he's ever had, is expected to return as well for their 10th season at the helm. Beyond that, Harbaugh's coaching staff and roster is littered with question marks. Harbaugh will likely have to make at least one coordinator hire with play caller Marty Mornhinweg not expected back in their current role. Accomplished veterans such as [outside linebacker Elvis] Dumervil, tight end Dennis Pitta , center Jeremy Zuttah and safety Lardarius Webb could be in jeopardy of not returning because of high salary-cap numbers and the organization's desire to get younger. Fullback Kyle Juszczyk , starting right tackle Rick Wagner and nose tackle Brandon Williams head the list of Ravens free agents.”
The Ravens learned Sunday night that they will get the No. 16 pick in the 2017 NFL Draft. That is a high enough position to address a need with a player who can make an immediate impact.
“The Ravens' biggest needs at this point are pass-rusher, wide receiver, cornerback, running back and center,” wrote Hensley.
Luke: A dud of an effort, but was still a meaningless game. I'll guess the sting subsides by April with the #Ravens holding a better pick. — WNST (@WNST) January 1, 2017
C.J. Mosley Leaves Locker Room In Boot
Harbaugh stuck to their plan to play all of their regular healthy starters in Week 17 despite there being no chance of a playoff berth. One player suffered an injury, but it doesn't seem significant enough to require offseason surgery.
Linebacker C.J. Mosley was carted off the field in the fourth quarter after sustaining an injury to their leg while trying to make a tackle on Bengals running back Rex Burkhead.
“I don't have an injury report on him,” Harbaugh said. “I don't think it was anything major though. We will know tomorrow, but I don't think there was anything serious.”
Mosley was walking in a large protective boot after the game and told Zrebiec that they believe they suffered a calf strain, but won't know until they undergo an MRI.
“Nothing that's going to require surgery or anything,” Mosley said.
Mosely was voted to participate in the Pro Bowl later this month, but their attendance now seems to be in jeopardy, says Zrebiec.
Why Promote Reynolds, But Not Play Him?
The Ravens promoted sixth-round receiver/returner Keenan Reynolds from the practice squad Friday, causing many to think they would be getting a taste of their first NFL action.
But a couple hours before the game started, the Ravens announced the former Navy quarterback would be inactive in Cincinnati.
Why promote them to the 53-man roster if they weren't going to play him?
“In promoting Reynolds when they did, the Ravens made sure he'll be on their roster heading into next season,” wrote Zrebiec. “If they ended the season on the practice squad, Reynolds, a sixth-round pick in the 2016 draft, would have been able to sign a reserve-future deal with another organization.”
Quick Hits
Thanks for sticking with us this season, #RavensFlock. You're the best in the NFL. pic.twitter.com/PTqnScR0LB — Baltimore Ravens (@Ravens) January 1, 2017
There were highs and lows but I great experience in my first season with the #RavensFlock. Gotta put the cuffs away Till next season.  — Rico Suavee (@ronnie_stanley) January 1, 2017
Year 8 officially done. Appreciate the Ravens organization for accepting me and family. Met and have some lifelong friends now. Thnx #Ravens — Jerraud Powers (@JPowers25) January 1, 2017
My Rookie year is over, it had its up and downs but I can say I learned so much from great players and looking forward to this offseason — Tavon Young (@Tyoung_NL) January 1, 2017
As a fan, player, husband and father I will miss the great @89SteveSmith. He's been an inspiration in ways that extend far beyond the field — Benjamin Watson (@BenjaminSWatson) January 1, 2017
In arguably the best season EVER by a kicker, @jtuck9 sets a #Ravens record with 141 points, hitting 38 of 39 FGAs (10 of 10 from 50 ) — Patrick Gleason (@PMGleason) January 1, 2017
.@Wallace17_daKid has surpassed the 1,000-yard receiving mark for the third time in their career. — Patrick Gleason (@PMGleason) January 1, 2017
Incomplete pass behind line of scrimmage to OL Alex Lewis on 3rd & 2 sets up failed 4th & 2 at CIN 8. That'll sum up @Ravens 2016 offense. — Mark Viviano (@MarkWJZ) January 1, 2017
In a season full of offensive lowlights, Kenneth Dixon has been bright spot #RavensTalk — Bo Smolka (@bsmolka) January 1, 2017
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Mississippi's governor has signed the nation's tightest abortion restrictions into law.
Republican Gov. Phil Bryant signed House Bill 1510 on Monday afternoon. It becomes law immediately and bans most abortions after 15 weeks' gestation. Bryant has frequently said they want Mississippi to be the “safest place in America for an unborn child.”
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The law's only exceptions are if a fetus has health problems making it “incompatible with life” outside of the womb at full term, or if a pregnant woman's life or a “major bodily function” is threatened by pregnancy. Pregnancies resulting from rape and incest aren't exempted.
Abortion rights advocates are calling the law unconstitutional because it limits abortion before fetuses can live outside the womb. The owner of Mississippi's only abortion clinic opposes the law and has pledged to sue.
MIAMI (WSVN) - A savvy South Florida girl teamed up with Hasbro to promote self love on Valentine's Day and celebrate Black History Month by giving away popular dolls.
The toy company is helping dozens of young South Florida girls feel the love this holiday by handing out Zoe's Dolls just in time for Valentine's Day and Black History Month.
Ten-year-old Zoe Terry, the CEO of Zoe's Dolls, is behind the giveaway. “I thought dolls would be a great way to show your image is beautiful,” they said.
Zoe, alongside Hasbro, will donate 150 Baby Alive Dolls to girls in Pre-K and first grade at three Miami public schools, Tuesday.
“She's letting them know that they are beautiful, regardless of skin tone and of course, self love,” said Miami school board member Dorothy Bendross Mindingall.
7News caught up with Zoe at Olinda Elementary in Miami where they explained why they chose Valentine's Day to share their message. “I was bullied when I was 5 years old, so I wanted to let little brown girls known that their image is beautiful and don't let anyone tell you your image is not beautiful,” they said. “Dolls bring girls happiness, and Valentine's Day is about happiness and loving, and they love their dolls.”
Zoe, who said she's not an entrepreneur, but a “girl pre-nuer,” has been giving away dolls on Valentine's Day for the past five years.
“To have children know there is someone else out there that loves me, other than my parents, and think I'm beautiful, that's Zoe's heart,” Mindingall said.
Cultural appreciation and self-awareness is Zoe's way of promoting love.
Zoe learned the important lesson of giving from their mother, who every year at Christmas asked Zoe to give away one of their favorite toys to someone less fortunate.
FOR MORE INFORMATION:
Zoe's Dolls
http://zoesdolls.com
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
EVERY WEEKDAY EVENING, TheJournal.ie brings you the five biggest stories of the day.
1. #MISSING MONEY: Ulster Bank has said an account glitch which resulted in funds disappearing from customers' accounts was the result of human error.
2. #COURT: A man who was sentenced to three years in prison in relation to an assault in a south Dublin bookmakers has had their conviction quashed.
3. #TORONTO: A man has been charged over an incident in Toronto yesterday in which 10 people died after a van was driven onto a busy path.
4. #SEXUAL OFFENCES: The Criminal Justice Board in Northern Ireland has commissioned an independent review of how serious sexual offence cases are handled.
5. #DEPORTATION: A trainee garda who is originally from outside the country has resigned after an investigation found they were involved in a sham marriage.
It seems like every male celebrity in the world has their own story about getting curved by Rihanna–that's just the kind of stuff that happens when you're as sought after as Rih Rih is.
Chris Rock was on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon on Monday, alongside fellow legendary comedian Adam Sandler. The two were there to discuss their respective comedy specials on Netflix, and at the start of their interview, Rock re-tells a hilarious story from their Tambourine special and yes, it's about Rihanna. The bad gal “uncle-zoned” Chris Rock and crushed their soul by looking at them like one of their aunts, with no sexual attraction what-so-ever.
Peep Rock telling the story of Rihanna's curve game in the video below, it's clear that he's still not over the hurt. We don't blame him.
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Five people claim that Melenie Barajas required them to pay up front for flooring work that was never done.
The Sigerson Cup has been rocked by an eligibility row on the eve of finals weekends – with Garda College appealing against their defeat to Ulster University in the second round of the competition.
It has emerged that while Down's Niall Madine was given the green light at the eleventh hour to line out against Garda College. They were later deemed ineligible and should not have played.
To rub salt into Garda wounds, Madine was one of the leading players for the Jordanstown-based outfit on the day, kicking four points as they went through after extra-time.
Monaghan's Kieran Hughes, while listed in the Ulster University squad, was withdrawn from the fixture after learning that they were ineligible but the presence of Madine in the UU line-up has led to Garda seeking reinstatement in the competition.
Red tape means they are unlikely to succeed, however, even though they boast a strong case.
Garda learned on 10 February that Madine was ineligible under a rule relating to the duration of no more than two recognised courses of study.
But the Garda game was played on 31 January and under Higher Education GAA rules, that falls outside the three-day window open for any appeal.
Garda have indicated that they only received notification of Madine's situation on 10 February – and are arguing that should be the date they were allowed to appeal from.
Adding to Garda's sense of grievance is the fact that had they submitted paperwork within that official three-day window, the likelihood is that the UU result would have been deemed null and void, with Garda progressing to a quarter-final against holders UCD.
In correspondence with Higher Education GAA officials, Garda believes that “vital information” was kept from them, which had a “huge bearing on the result”.
Garda have requested a formal investigation into the matter and a committee meeting is scheduled for Friday evening – after both semi-finals at the Connacht GAA Centre have been completed.
Privately, Garda are not confident of winning their case but requested, as an “interim remedy”, that the Sigerson competition be suspended pending the outcome of the appeal.
Higher Education GAA chiefs are insistent that the semi-finals will go ahead as scheduled – but Garda's appeal against the Ulster University result casts another shadow over a competition that has been beset by eligibility issues in recent years.
It is understood that when panels were declared, a number of Ulster University players were queried, with decisions on as many as six deferred until 30 January, the night before the Garda fixture.
Four players were deemed eligible but Madine and Hughes were not.
University still managed to get clearance for Madine to line out but it later transpired that they were not eligible to play.
UU lost to UCD in the quarter-finals, and the champions will play University of Limerick on Friday at 4pm, following the St Mary's v UCC fixture at 2pm.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Surge in Chinese corporate investment into the US
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
TORONTO, ONTARIO--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - Itafos (Itafos) (TSX VENTURE:IFOS) announces that it has entered into a subscription agreement (the Subscription Agreement) with Stonegate Agricom Ltd. (Stonegate), pursuant to which Itafos will indirectly acquire, by way of private placement (the Private Placement), ownership of and control over 47,500,000 common shares (the Acquired Shares) of Stonegate upon closing of the Private Placement.
Pursuant to the terms of the Subscription Agreement, Itafos will pay C$0.02 in cash per Acquired Share for aggregate consideration of C$950,000 for the Acquired Shares.
Prior to the Private Placement, Itafos, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries Zaff LP and Zaff 2 LP, had indirect ownership of and control over 154,950,462 common shares of Stonegate, representing approximately 29.6% of the issued and outstanding common shares (on an undiluted basis) of Stonegate (the Common Shares).
Upon completion of the Private Placement (and assuming that no other Common Shares are issued), Itafos will have indirect ownership of and control over 202,450,642 Common Shares, representing approximately 35.4% of the Common Shares that are issued and outstanding (on an undiluted basis) at that time.
Itafos may take actions in the future in respect of its holdings in Stonegate based on the then existing facts and circumstances, which actions could include, without limitation, acquisitions or dispositions of shares, whether in the open market, by privately negotiated agreement or otherwise, or in connection with a strategic transaction with Stonegate.
The head office of Stonegate is located at Suite 1300 - 20 Adelaide Street East, Toronto, Ontario, M5C 2T6.
For further information, including a copy of the corresponding report filed with Canadian securities regulators, please contact:
A UPS employee opened fire in a package delivery facility in San Francisco before shooting himself, US media reported. The incident appeared to be unrelated to the rampage targeting Republican politicians in Virginia....
read more...
Published By: DW World - Today
Toa Maoni yako hapa - Add your comment
Related News
"How do you reconcile public safety and the First Amendment?" That's the question Charlottesville, Va., Mayor Mike Signer asked in an interview on Sunday.
And it's a question city and state governments are likely grappling with after the weekend's violence in Charlottesville.
Around the country, white nationalists and other groups have protested efforts to remove statues and other symbols of the Confederacy. As counter-demonstrators arrive to protest the white nationalists, the resulting scenes are often tense and brimming with the potential for violence.
State and local officials prepared for Saturday's protests in Charlottesville, which were known about for months. But in the wake of fierce brawling in the streets of the usually quiet college town, and then a driver plowing their car into a crowd of pedestrians, killing one and injuring 19, many are asking what Charlottesville authorities could have done differently—and what could be done to prevent such violence in the future.
City Permitting and Free Speech
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe told NPR's Morning Edition that local authorities had done what they could to head off the fighting that erupted, but that they were foiled by a federal judge's decision to allow the Unite The Right rally to go on in Charlottesville's Emancipation Park.
Charlottesville tried to revoke the permit it had issued for the rally to be held in Emancipation Park, in order to move the protestors about a mile away to McIntire Park, which offered more open space.
"That was the place it should have been. We were unfortunately sued by the ACLU and the judge ruled against us," McAuliffe said. "That rally should not have been in the middle of downtown ... where [people] dispersed all over the city streets, and it became a powder keg. We've got to look at these permits, and we've got to look at where we put these rallies and protesters."
The ACLU responded that the injunction was the city's fault because it mounted a weak legal case.
"The Governor's anger about what happened is understandable," ACLU Virginia Executive Director Claire Guthrie Hastings said in a statement to NPR. "We are angry, too. The situation that occurred was preventable, and our lawsuit challenging the City to act constitutionally did not cause it. ... All we did was ask the City to live up to the requirements of the Constitution. That it failed to do so is on the City, not us."
Charlottesville Police Tactics Scrutinized
Also under scrutiny was the action – or inaction – of the Charlottesville police.
McAuliffe told Morning Edition that the police did "a magnificent job," and said the potential for violence had been high.
"They had to be very careful," the governor said. "We had been planning for this for a while. We had to show tremendous restraint because ... these people all came armed. I've never seen so many weapons. These people were wearing better gear than my own state police were wearing. They had body armor, helmets. I mean people were walking around with semi-automatic rifles through the streets."
"[If] one person fired one shot, it would have been a melee, and I would be talking to you today with a lot of body bags. None of that happened."
"Think of this," McAuliffe said. "Not one window was shattered, not one ounce of property damage, not one shot fired, and not one person went to the hospital, except for the 19 who were hit by a car terrorist. Which, you can't, you know – there's no preparation's that's gonna prepare for some nut, some murderer, who's going to turn their car into a weapon and run through a crowd."
But both protesters and counter-protesters criticized the police response.
"There was no police presence," Brittany Caine-Conley, a minister in training who locked arms with other clergy members in counter-protest, told The New York Times. "We were watching people punch each other; people were bleeding all the while police were inside of barricades at the park, watching. It was essentially just brawling on the street and community members trying to protect each other."
Princeton professor and activist Cornel West, who was also at the protest, told The Washington Post "the police didn't do anything in terms of protecting the people of the community, the clergy."
To Unite The Right rally's organizer, Jason Kessler, was also critical. "Charlottesville refused to honor permit as ordered by a federal judge. CPD didn't even show up until 1.5 hrs into the permit," they tweeted. "Inside the park was peaceful. Outbreaks of violence occurred where police refused to separate or even pushed the feuding groups together."
White nationalist Richard Spencer, another organizer, said the police had failed to protect the people who had gathered for the rally. "We came here as a demonstration of our movement," Spencer told the Post. "And we were effectively thrown to the wolves."
The ACLU's Hastings also criticized the policing on Saturday, which they said "was not designed to be ... effective in preventing violence."
"I was there and brought concerns directly to the Secretary of Public Safety and the head of the State Police," said Hastings. "They did not respond. In fact, law enforcement was standing passively by, waiting for violence to take place, so that they would have grounds to declare an emergency, declare an 'unlawful assembly' and clear the area."
Charles Ramsey, who formerly headed the police in Philadelphia and Washington, D.C., told the Post that demonstrators and counter-demonstrators "need to be in sight and sound of each other, but somebody has to be in between .... That's usually the police."
"The whole point is to have overwhelming force so that people don't get the idea they can do these kinds of things and get away with it," they said.
An NPR request for comment from the Charlottesville Police Department was not returned.
Lt. Joseph Hatter, a commander with the Charlottesville police, told the Post that officers tried to create separate areas. "It didn't work, did it?" they admitted. "I think there was a plan to have them separated. They didn't want to be separated."
They told the newspaper that they don't know that police waited to react to the violence. "I think we did the best we could under the circumstances."
Public Assembly and Public Space
Questions about how governments manage protests are likely to continue, and to be argued in court.
On Friday, a federal judge granted a temporary injunction, ruling that the city could not revoke the permit it had issued to Kessler to hold the demonstration in Emancipation Park.
In their opinion, Judge Glen Conrad said Kessler was likely to prevail on their claim that Charlottesville's decision to revoke their permit was content-based.
"Kessler's assertion in this regard is supported by the fact that the City solely revoked their permit, but left in place the permits issued to counter-protestors," Conrad wrote. "The disparity in treatment between the two groups with opposing views suggests that the defendants' decision to revoke Kessler's permit was based on the content of their speech rather than other neutral factors that would be equally applicable to Kessler and those protesting against him. This conclusion is bolstered by other evidence, including communications on social media indicating that members of City Council oppose Kessler's political viewpoint."
The judge wrote further that though the city maintained its decision to revoke Kessler's permit was due to the number of people likely to attend their demonstration, "their concerns in this regard are purely speculative." They added, "there is no evidence to support the notion that many thousands of individuals are likely to attend the demonstration."
Following the events in Charlottesville, those worried about potential violence have fresh evidence.
Public protests can become especially complicated when people are carrying guns and dressed in full camouflage, as some did this weekend in Charlottesville.
McAuliffe argues officials need help from the courts if governments are to maintain public safety while allowing people to exercise their First Amendment rights.
"We've got to get a better understanding with these judges to understand our job is to keep our community safe," they said. "The judiciary needs to do a better job of working with us."
And the ACLU's Hastings says that whatever strategies authorities use, they need to be lawful and in keeping with the Constitution: "It is my firm hope and desire that the Governor and other local officials will learn from this past weekend how constitutionally to prevent events like the horror we saw in Charlottesville."
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
In 2016, there were48 homicides in Allen County, exceeding the 2013 record of 45.
Chandra Pinkston, who worked as a resident adviser at a local transitional house for women, said in order to reduce the murder rate, young black men must be given a reason to live.
“A lot of our young men coming out after being incarcerated are not being able to find a good job because of their record,” Pinkston said. “Something should be created to give them an opportunity to really live again.”
Rehabilitation should give them hope, Pinkston said, “knowing they have a life other than just going to prison or getting locked up or out there selling drugs to make ends meet.”
Some of these young men don't care whether they live or die because they have nothing to come home to, Pinkston said. Then there are turf beefs or battles, or envy, and the guns come out.
“That's why a lot of murders happen,” Pinkston said.
Churches need to be more active, to “come out to the streets,” they said. “If they (pastors and church members) see a drug house, try to go there and witness to these people,” Pinkston suggested.
Angela Martin, a nurse practitioner, agrees, saying churches need to pull together, pray and be an example.
“A lot of our advancements have come out of the church,” Martin said, “because our faith has been something that has got us from slavery to where we are today.”
jduffy@jg.net
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
On the face of it, 2017 has the potential to be a tricky year for investors in emerging market corporate debt.
The pro-growth agenda promised by new US president Donald Trump — based on tax-cutting and infrastructure-spending — raises the prospect of higher US interest rates, threatening to raise yields and lower prices of fixed-income assets.
If the prospect of a “Trump slump” on its own was not enough, the falling yields in emerging market corporate debt in recent years — which have reduced the spread over US Treasuries of dollar-denominated bonds to around 270 basis points from a cyclical high of 520bp a year ago — leave plenty of room for a reversal.
“When people are nervous about rising interest rates we tend to prefer the safety of the sovereign [debt] than the corporate, which by definition will be less liquid and more prone to selling off,” says Stuart Culverhouse, head of research at Exotix Partners, an emerging market-focused investment bank.
“We have seen a rash of [corporate] issuance. Some of the issuers that are less robust can fall over at the first opportunity.”
Jan Dehn, head of research at Ashmore, the emerging markets-focused asset manager, adds: “Emerging market corporates don't offer as attractive an opportunity as they did a year or two ago,” following returns of 9.7 per cent for dollar debt last year, as measured by the JPMorgan CEMBI Broad Diversified index.
Ashmore has cut its exposure to emerging market corporate debt significantly over the past year and a half. The weighting to dollar-denominated corporate debt in the manager's blended debt strategy has fallen from more than 30 per cent to below 10 per cent.
There are, however, some reasons for optimism about the prospects for emerging market corporate paper.
Mr Dehn points out that when it comes to the fallout from rising US inflation and interest rates, the market is already pricing in two or three rate rises this year, so it would take faster tightening than this to have any impact.
More broadly, Mr Dehn is among those who believe the Trump administration will struggle to push through a so-called border adjustment tax, which is imposed on imports, but not exports. If so, that may blow a hole in Mr Trump's tax-raising plans, leaving them with less ammunition to finance a fiscal stimulus, potentially resulting in weaker-than-expected inflation and monetary tightening.
This lower inflation scenario could further help to emerge market debt by undermining support for a stronger dollar. This is because a weaker US currency decreases the liabilities of foreign companies that have borrowed in dollars and potentially makes local currency debt more attractive to foreign buyers.
Victoria Harling, a portfolio manager at Investec Asset Management, argues that if inflation were to rise, emerging market corporate debt would fare better than most other fixed-income assets because it typically has relatively short duration.
There are also expectations that the difference in economic growth between emerging and developed markets — about 2.6 percentage points in emerging markets' favour last year — will widen a fraction this year, helping buoy interest in all emerging market assets.
Mr Dehn expects the greatest opportunities to be in local currency-denominated emerging market corporate debt, an often overlooked category despite comprising $8tn of the $10.7tn in the overall asset class.
Local currency debt yields 8.2 per cent. A modest contraction in yield — combined with a 5 per cent rise in emerging market currencies due to the reversal of the dollar's Trump rally — could push total returns as high as 16 per cent this year, they say.
In contrast, Ms Harling describes local currency corporate debt as a “highly unattractive asset class”, given that while sovereigns can print money to service their debt, companies cannot. The yield gap between the two is insufficient to compensate for this, they argue.
Ms Harling also views high-yield dollar-denominated corporate debt — currently returning 6.3 per cent on average — as expensive compared with investment-grade paper at 4.2 per cent. This has led Investec to cut its exposure to the higher-risk segment.
“Single-B [rated credits] are pretty much priced to perfection. They are not pricing in any chance of a downturn,” they say, referencing the likes of Rusal, the Russian aluminium producer, which sold a five-year bond at a yield of 5.1 per cent in January.
“I have seen this train smash many times, so we simply pass on that and wait for it to reprice. It doesn't seem like it's going to be this year,” Ms Harling adds.
NBC/Will Heath(NEW YORK) — This weekend's Saturday Night Live didn't need Alec Baldwin's impersonation of Donald Trump to poke fun at the president and other controversial lawmakers.
This week's cold open featured cast member Kenan Thompson playing a mall Santa who — along with their elf sidekick, played by Kate McKinnon — fields a series of awkward questions from curious children.
In the course of answering these questions, the cold open touches upon the real-life woes of Trump, Rep. Al Franken, former Today anchor Matt Lauer and Alabama GOP Senate candidate Roy Moore.
“Is President Trump on the naughty list?” a little girl asks Thompson's Santa.
“Well, Santa likes to stay out of political matters,” responds Santa. “Our president may have said or done a few naughty things.”
McKinnon's elf chimes in, “19 accusers. Google it,” referring to the number women who have accused the president of inappropriate behavior, which they have denied.
Santa then says to the girl, “I'm sure we can all learn a lesson from what's going on in the news.”
“I learned that if you admit you did something wrong you don't get in trouble, but if you deny it, they let you keep your job,” they answer.
A boy then asks, “What did Al Franken do?”
“I guess you could say that Al Franken is on Santa's naughty list this year,” says Santa.
Adds the boy, “And what about Roy Moore? What list is they on?” – referring to the former Alabama judge, who's facing multiple accusation of sexual misconduct, which they deny.
“It's not really a list, it's more of a registry,” McKinnon's elf clarifies.
What about you? Thompson asks another boy, “Maybe you'd like a toy from Santa.”
“Oh, you mean toy, like the one Matt Lauer gave to their co-worker?” the boy replies.
[embedded content]
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
A minor was raped in Sagar district in Madhya Pradesh on Wednesday. Five people including a woman were arrested.
A 14-year-old girl was abducted and raped by four men in Sagar district on Wednesday morning. The victim was dumped near their school.
All four perpetrators were arrested by noon and are being questioned by the police. According to the police, three of the four perpetrators are minor in age.
SP Satyendra Shukla said, “All accused have been arrested. We are questioning them.”
The four men who were allegedly aided by a woman is apparently mother of one of the perpetrators.
Meanwhile, the victim is undergoing treatment at a nearby hospital and their condition was said to be stable.
The Hilton Portland Executive Tower, soon to be renamed after Abigail Scott Duniway Image: Hilton Hotels & Resorts
A Rose City hotel experience is about to get a bit sweeter.
Along with a multi-million dollar remodel—due for completion this March—the city's largest hotel, Portland Hilton & Executive Tower, is changing its name to the Duniway, according to Travel + Leisure. The new name honors legendary Oregon women's rights advocate and journalist Abigail Scott Duniway.
For 40 years, Duniway was an active voice for women's rights, founding the weekly human rights newspaper The New Northwest, which ran from 1871-1887. They were also one of five "vice presidents at-large"—along with their mentor Susan B. Anthony—of the National Women's Suffrage Association.
Though Duniway never lived to see the passage of the 19th Amendment, they were given the honor of writing the Oregon Women Suffrage Proclamation in 1912. Them impressive resumé includes founding a boarding school in Lafayette, running their own millinery and notions shop, and becoming Multnomah County's first woman to register and vote. (Oregon granted women the right to vote in 1912, a full eight years before the 19th's ratification.)
“We wanted a name that would represent Portland,” the hotel's general manager, Eric Walters, told Travel + Leisure. “Abigail Duniway was one of Portland's most important pioneers.”
The hotel's remodel will also unveil a new restaurant, Jackrabbit, run by Top Chef winner Chris Cosentino. The newly unveiled concept will feature a menu that also draws inspiration from Portland's rich history. The Hilton's expansion fits in with a larger trend in the Portland area, with numerous high-rise hospitality options currently underway.
Tickets to a Royal Tea Party to mark the wedding of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle sold out within hours, said Armagh Banbridge and Craigavon Lord Mayor.
Lord Mayor Alderman Gareth Wilson said they were ‘bowled over' by the response from the public to the Royal Tea Party.
The special event was advertised on social media on Monday morning but all 480 tickets to the free event were snapped up by early afternoon.
ABC Council had issued the invitations to residents on behalf of the Lord Mayor for a ‘right Royal tea party' in Craigavon Civic and Conference Centre on Wednesday 16 May.
Guests were asked to come along and enjoy a cuppa, cakes and treats at one of the two events taking place.
Compared by Gene Fitzpatrick, there will be music by Alan Crawford and Panache as well as an opportunity to get a photograph taken with the life sized cut-out of the happy couple in the Royal Wedding Themed Photo Booth!
The council offered two sittings – one in the morning at 10.30am and one in the afternoon at 2.30pm.
And with admission free by ticket only, only those who have managed to get their hands on one will be able to enjoy the event.
A Council spokesperson said: “The tea parties are taking place in the Mayes Hall of Craigavon Civic and Conference Centre which can hold 240 people per sitting.
“For the two Royal Tea Parties a total of 480 tickets were available and snapped up with hours of release yesterday.”
Lord Mayor Alderman Wilson said, “I am really delighted to be hosting two special tea party sittings to mark the Royal Wedding and I was really bowled over by the public interest in the event.
“The tickets were snapped up within a few hours of being made available proving that the appetite for all things Royal is huge in the Borough.
“I look forward to meeting the public on the day!”
A lot of people are very worried about the growing number of young people using heroin and other drugs. In fact, it's now widely considered a national crisis. That's why the Stairway to Heroin Educational Series began a few years ago in Oconomowoc. This drug prevention program is now used in communities and school districts all across Wisconsin, and even Illinois, as a model for education, prevention, and recovery. Katie Westerman, the Education Coordinator for Stairway to Heroin, and Scott Bakkum, high school counselor and AODA Program Coordinator, join us with more information.
Stairway to Heroin offers Wake-Up Call Public Tours the first and third Wednesdays of each month. For more information and to register for a tour, visit YourChoice-Live.org.
Mayflies swarm gas station in Slidell Submitted video from Sandy McCormick shows a swarm of mayflies at a gas station in Slidell, La. McCormick said "usually they are just on the ground and when you drive over them they make a "mayfly dust cloud" behind the car. " Sandy McCormick jcfitzhugh@sunherald.com ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Submitted video from Sandy McCormick shows a swarm of mayflies at a gas station in Slidell, La. McCormick said "usually they are just on the ground and when you drive over them they make a "mayfly dust cloud" behind the car. " Sandy McCormick jcfitzhugh@sunherald.com
An artist's rendering depicts a design for a submarine that would explore an ocean on Titan, Saturn's largest moon. NASA
Saturn's largest moon, Titan, boasts a thick atmosphere, complex weather cycle, and seas shaped by waves and tidal currents — much like Earth.
But you wouldn't recognize it. That thick atmosphere is a dense layer of orange smog that swaddles the moon. The weather cycle causes rain to only downpour once every several hundred years. And those seas are full of liquid hydrocarbons in the form of methane and ethane.
The paradox — plus Titan's potential to sustain exotic life — has encouraged scientists to dream of better probing the moon. Although NASA's Cassini spacecraft has flown past it several times since 2004 — and even dropped the Huygens probe onto Titan's surface in January 2005 — scientists are still eager to get their feet wet.
Related: Why These Scientists Fear Contact with Space Aliens
The latest idea is to send a submarine to explore Titan's alien seas. The mission study, with funding from NASA Innovative Advanced Concepts (NIAC), an initiative for projects by scientists who think outside the box, is in its infancy.
"We do these really advanced almost-science-fiction — but never actually-science-fiction — studies that are meant to show what might be possible in the future," says NIAC's Program Executive Jason Derleth.
A Titan sub fits that bill perfectly.
A World Similar and Yet Utterly Bizarre
From Europa's subsurface liquid ocean to Enceladus's plumes of liquid water that shoot above the icy moon's South Pole, the outer solar system is rich with moons begging to be explored. But Titan is too unique to pass up.
"It's just such a strange and fascinating system," says Jason Goodman, an astronomer at Wheaton College, who is not directly involved in the NIAC study. "A lot of our ideas about geography and oceanography kind of get turned on their head when we start thinking about materials other than water."
Although scientists have models for how they think these processes work on Earth — and how they should work on other planetary bodies — the opportunity to test those models on Titan, where the gravity of the moon and the viscosity of the liquids is different, could help them better understand these processes on a fundamental level.
A radar map of Titan's North Pole shows its lakes and seas made of methane and ethane. NASA/JPL-Caltech/ASI/USGS
"It's an opportunity to do an experiment on planetary scales," says Ralph Lorenz, an astronomer at Johns Hopkins University and one of the brains behind the NIAC study.
Take hurricanes. On the Earth, their intensity is controlled by the heat in the upper layers of the ocean and how that heat is transferred to the atmosphere as the storm stirs the liquid. Scientists know Titan also has a complex weather cycle and that same exchange between the atmosphere and the sea happens on the moon as well.
So perhaps studying hurricanes as they swirl over the oily seas on Titan will help scientists better understand these wild processes as well.
By comparing these two worlds, Goodman hopes that we'll start to understand how liquid and land interact throughout the universe — a crucial study in a world that might be dominated by more and more strange worlds that are less like Earth, they say.
Could There Be Life?
Then there's the tantalizing question: Are we alone?
"There are a couple of aspects about Titan that make the exploration of the moon from an astrobiological standpoint very appealing," Lorenz says. "Principle among This is that this place is literally awash with organic material: carbon-bearing, nitrogen-bearing, possibly oxygen-bearing compounds. And that's what we're made of."
Lab work has shown that if scientists mix together methane and nitrogen — the two elements common in Titan's atmosphere — and pass a spark through it, they can recreate the same brown goop they see on Titan. Then, if they add water to the goop, it creates amino acids — the building blocks of life.
But has that final step taken place on Titan? It's possible. Titan's hydrocarbon lakes sit on a bedrock of water ice, which sits above a liquid water ocean distinct from the hydrocarbon sea on the surface. Should the two interact, they could form life. Lorenz thinks it's possible water can sometimes reach the surface in the same way that lava erupts from volcanoes on Earth. They also think massive impacts could have unleashed enough heat to melt some of the moon's crust, revealing the liquid below.
"There's a rich set of possibilities for life and biochemistry as we understand it," Lorenz says. "Can there be chemistry in Titan's sea that have gone down an analogous path?" Again, it's possible. But only a Titan submarine will be able to answer that question.
A Titan Turtle
The NIAC team's first design was a torpedo-shaped submarine that had to surface every time it needed to communicate with Earth, pick up directions, or send back data. But the second design, dubbed a "Titan Turtle" because of its shell-like design, includes an orbiter that can relay information without having to surface.
But even with the orbiter, ground control can't be in constant communication with the turtle, so it will have to be mostly autonomous. "You can't joystick the vehicle around," Lorenz explains. "You can't fly it in real time like you can with a moon rover."
An artist's conception of the Titan Turtle. Steven Oleson / NASA
Instead, the submarine has to move dependably and sense the environment around it while carrying out certain tasks. So it would be autonomous much like the Mars rovers are autonomous, which typically receive directions from mission control once a day.
The team still needs to flesh out how the turtle would arrive (a fairly simple problem given that we've already landed a probe on Titan) and determine the suite of instruments it would bring along for the ride. The obvious ones include those that will measure the composition and temperature of the lakes. The team is itching to see if there are layers that don't intermix like in the Black Sea. Meanwhile, they'll also search for any surface and subsurface currents, tides, wind, and waves.
No submarine is complete without a camera on the mast. When the turtle surfaces, it will image the shoreline and search for beaches, cliffs, and layers.
"One of the most exciting things is that we see evidence in Cassini data of the seas having dried up in the past and then refilled," Lorenz says. Swimming along the shoreline and diving deep to analyze the sea bed (where different layers might have been laid down on top of each other in different climate cycles) with its robotic arm could help explain this mysterious past.
Future Prospects for Flight
In October, the mission design will complete its second and final phase in the NIAC program. At this point, missions might move to a new home within NASA, or even receive outside funding. Although Derleth hasn't crunched the numbers to see how many projects have received follow-on funding, they have kept track of the total: Over the past five years, a select number of NIAC programs have gone on to receive an additional $200 million.
Related: Space Mining: The Intergalactic Gold Rush Is On
Lorenz and their team aren't sure they will receive follow-on funding from either NASA or other investors. "It's a really challenging mission," Derleth says. "So I think it will have to win its way into the hearts and minds of scientists before it flies. But it might very well do that because the science that it could achieve is truly groundbreaking."
But Goodman is already convinced their project has the potential to achieve its set goals and produce some fantastic science during the journey.
"I think it's one of the most exciting ideas for exploring the outer planets that's come along in quite some time," they say. "We shouldn't underestimate the degree to which 'let's go drive a submarine around in Titan' is going to capture the public's attention and really make us think about how weird and fascinating a place in the solar system can be."
For more of the breakthroughs changing our lives, follow NBC MACH.
By Leilani Haywood
Tribune Reporter
Foundations for our Future has $5,250 on hand according to a recent quarterly financial disclosure filing with the Missouri Ethics Commission. The political action committee led by local business person and developer Mike Atcheson is gearing up to interview candidates running for office. Atcheson is also the past-chairperson of the Lee's Summit Tax Increment Financing Commission and past vice-chairperson of the Lee's Summit Economic Development Council. Currently they serve on the Lee's Summit Water Utilities Board.
The PAC is gearing up for the April 2018 election which includes the election of the mayor and five council members. “We intend to interview all candidates within the next two weeks,” says Atcheson. “We want to pick someone from each district to support. We're a great group of people from diverse backgrounds and we could split on a certain candidate, so we may choose to not support someone from that district.”
Atcheson explained what drove the formation of the PAC. “Most citizens are frustrated with what's been happening the last two years on city council. When you look at some of the chaos that happened within the school district two years ago and it appeared at times that council spent more time fighting each other than taking up the interest of the city.”
The PAC which is bi-partisan will research candidates. “We will interview them and research their background to figure out if they're running to do what's best for the city or they just want to argue and don't care about the city,” says Atcheson.
Businesses that donated to the PAC include Signature Builders KC LLC, Lovell Insurance Group, Hertzog Clinic Properties and Quality Aggregates LLC. Individual donors are Daniel Rexroth, CEO of John Knox Village; Carl Grigsby, associate professor at the University of Central Missouri; Todd Haynes, first vice president of RBC Wealth Management and Alan Flory, president and CEO of ReDiscover. Haynes also serves as a board member on the Lee's Summit Economic Development Council with Atcheson. Emaline Ballroom with in-kind donations, Bradley Cox, Julia Hampton, Richard Viar, Robert Handley, Nancy Bruns, Brad Culbertson, Kenneth Stremming, J. Thomas Lovell, Gene Gamber, Paula Derks, Fred Grogan, Jane Monroe, Vic Cundiff, and Mike Atcheson.
The PAC paid $950 to John Beaudoin, owner of KC Communications & Media Matters for Facebook advertising between October 1, 2017 and December 1, 2017, according to that report. A previously filed report shows that the PAC paid them an additional $900 between July 1, 2017 and September 1, 2017. Beaudoin filed a lawsuit against the city and two councilmembers in February 2017, which is still in litigation. They serve on the Board of Directors for the Greater Lee's Summit Healthcare Foundation.
A banner advertising the "best burgers" is sandwiched in controversy in Binghamton and the mayor's race.
If you've driven in downtown Binghamton, you have probably seen those banners on Court Street promoting an event in the city. A few examples are parades, festivals, and 5k's. The Colonial Restaurant applied and was approved to use that space to promote themselves.
The controversy was first brought to light on Facebook by Tarik Abdelazim, the democratic mayoral candidate. Abdelazim accused the David administration of playing favorites with downtown businesses. The owners of the Colonial recently purchased a building owned by Mayor David.
The banner was approved by the City Clerk's office. As you can see in the application below, the Colonial's application was approved for 9 weeks at $100 per week. But City Code and the permit itself state the advertisement can be displayed "no more than three weeks total." So how did this get approved? Leighton Rogers, the City Clerk, says The Colonial didn't apply for 9 consecutive weeks. There are breaks in between where the banner will be down, so it's not against the law.
The office also issued the following statement:
“In regards to any Banner Permit requests, the City Clerk's Office simply follows the standard procedure outlined in Chapter 327 of the Binghamton City Charter and Code. Banner Permits are handled by the City Clerk's Office, not the Mayor's Office.” — Leighton Rogers, Binghamton City Clerk
Abdelazim says the city skirted around the wording of the Code. They say the banners have always been about promoting events, not businesses.
"The word 'putting the banner up a few weeks before the event' has always implied that they're really for community events," says Abdelazim.
Mayor David declined to give a comment on camera, but their Deputy Mayor Jared Kraham issued this statement:
"Often in campaigns, a candidate's true colors are shown. For our opponent to make false claims and attack a local business for political reasons is just plain wrong. Based on the thousands of negative responses to their actions, it's clear their latest political stunt has backfired."
The Colonial declined comment, not wanting to get involved in politics.
Californians, you have one week left to cast a ballot before the June 5 primary election. Your vote will help decide the two individuals who face off in November to be our next governor, among dozens of other important races.
If you're still having trouble deciding who to support, here is some helpful reading. You can also use The Bee voter guide, with comprehensive survey responses from more than 220 statewide and local candidates, and the editorial board's endorsements.
U.S. Senate
‘I'm all in,' California Sen. Dianne Feinstein says on re-election bid
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Kevin de León formally launches bid to unseat Sen. Dianne Feinstein
No Democratic endorsement for Dianne Feinstein in sixth U.S. Senate campaign
Is Dianne Feinstein too old to run for re-election?
They announced a run for Feinstein's seat. Then a harassment scandal broke under their roof.
Mendoza's gone, but Capitol culture still an open question for de León's U.S. Senate race
‘She represents California, not Arkansas.' Feinstein's rival presses them on immigration
'Medicare at 55' now on Dianne Feinstein's agenda
Videos for the Governor's race:
'It has to be tackled': Top governor candidates on affordable housing
Gavin Newsom and Antonio Villaraigosa on the affairs that rocked their time as mayors
Gubernatorial candidates on the difference between coastal and inland California
Travis Allen on housing, climate change and other key campaign issues
Here are some of your top California governor candidates on climate change
'No job more like the job of governor': Villaraigosa on their time as Los Angeles mayor
'Painful:' John Chiang on the racism their family faced during their childhood
John Chiang on housing, economic inequality and other key campaign issues
Gavin Newsom on housing, economic inequality and other key campaign issues
4th Congressional District
Protesters walk out of Tom McClintock's town hall, vowing to replace them
This Tom McClintock rival is stretching the truth about their résumé, investigation finds
Democratic congressional candidate's ad could lead to false impressions
Democrats fight among themselves as they work to replace Tom McClintock
Democratic challenger outraises Tom McClintock – again
D.C. Democrats playing favorites in Tom McClintock race
Endorsements
Governor
U.S. Senate
Lieutenant governor
Attorney general
Insurance commissioner
Superintendent of public instruction
Propositions 68, 69, 70, 71 and 72
4th Congressional District
6th Senate District District
9th Assembly District
Sacramento County sheriff
Sacramento County district attorney
Bills QB Taylor questions future in Buffalo after benching
hello
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. -- Quarterback Tyrod Taylor is unhappy that the Bills benched them to close the season and is questioning whether he's played their final game for Buffalo.
Taylor believes the move shows the Bills have lost confidence in him. They say he'll have a better perspective on their future once they get an explanation from team officials.
Taylor revealed they are scheduled to visit a doctor on Wednesday to seek a second opinion on whether he'll require surgery to repair a groin injury that has nagged them over the past month.
They spoke Monday while Bills players cleared out their lockers a day after closing the season with a 30-10 loss at the New York Jets. They were inactive for the game in a move interim head coach Anthony Lynn called "a business decision."
The Bills signed Taylor to a five-year extension in August but retained the right to opt out of the deal by March. Next season's portion of the contract is guaranteed if Taylor is unable to pass their physical.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach Pause
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws
0:49 Morro Bay police share details of homicide investigation
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:33 How to grill ribs: Tips from The Rib Line's kitchen
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
0:47 Great white shark caught on video in Morro Bay
2:06 How Pacific Coast Lumber of SLO gives dead trees new life in people's homes
Dallas Stars assistant coach Rick Wilson talks to Dallas Stars center Mattias Janmark (13) in the third period at American Airlines Center in Dallas on Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2017. (Rose Baca/The Dallas Morning News)
Mike Heika, Stars beat writer for SportsDayDFW.com and The Dallas Morning News, answers your questions about the team in a live chat at 2 p.m. Monday.
Ask your questions by signing in to the LiveFyre module below [click Sign in; use your Facebook or Twitter account] and they will have them for consideration.
Aseptic processing solutions
MicroThermics offers small-scale and research UHT/HTST/aseptic processing, and now also aseptic laboratory fillers. The company has solutions for making production-quality juices, dairy beverages and more. The equipment enables companies to streamline their R&D and reduce costs. Available equipment includes direct/indirect processors, indirect and microwave processors, and its Veros processors, as well as in-line homogenizers, fillers and more.
919-878-8045; www.microthermics.com
Separators for cheese processing
GEA North America's separators have been designed specifically for the production of double cream fresh cheese from milk of 8% to 12% fat content, depending on the parameters of raw and finished product. All units are available with belt-driven drives improving yield, and there are new bowls for small- and medium-sized processors. The desludging bowl enables fully automatic cleaning-in-place operation. Opening and closing of the bowl for discharging the solids takes place hydraulically using water, and product is fed into the machine through a closed-line system.
844-432-2329; www.gea.com
Homogenizer provides maximum particle size reduction
The Boston Shearmill homogenizer from Admix delivers high shear rates and tip speeds for maximum particle size reduction. It is capable of milling soft particles to less than 1 micron or hard particles down to 1-2 microns in a single pass at production rates up to 160 GPM. It is ideal for dairy processors seeking a heat exchanger or milk processing equipment that offers ease of operation, low energy consumption and cleanability. The unit also offers an alternative to high-energy, high-maintenance homogenizers for many dairy applications.
800-466-2369; www.admix.com/dairyfoods
CIP bag dump station
CIP bag dump stations from Powder Process-Solutions are constructed to meet USDA Dairy Sanitary Standards and are designed for optimum cleaning efficiency with operator-friendly ergonomics. CIP-capable bag dump stations feature tool-free removal of the baffle and bag grate, a leak-free clamped door seal, and crevice-free, self-draining interior design with removable CIP spray ball and vent. Typical applications include powder-feed systems for liquid mixers and processes handling allergen products. It can also be used in conjunction with PPS hot air drying units.
877-933-2556; www.powder-solutions.com
Heating system for cheese processing
Karl Schnell offers a continuously working heating unit with its KS Heating System UHT, which is highly flexible, efficient and reliable. It is suitable for smaller cheesemakers as well as industrial, large-scale production. Variable production capacities from 50-150 l/h (for research and development) up to 2000 – 6000 l/h (for industrial plants) are offered. It is equipped with two independent heating circuits, offering the operator flexibility in the production process and higher efficiencies.
920-982-9974; www.karlschnell.com
Direct steam injection for cheesemaking
Direct steam injection heaters from Pick Heaters use culinary steam to quickly heat dairy products to the desired temperature. Direct steam injection blends the product stream with the higher-pressure steam using a multiple orifice injector. The steam has intimate contact with the product, maximizing heat transfer with the shortest hold time and least protein denaturing compared to other heating methods. It can also speed up the manufacturing of products such as process cheeses and soft natural cheeses.
262-338-1191; www.pickheaters.com
HTST pasteurization units are custom-built
Koss Industrial's custom high-temperature short-time pasteurizers are designed and constructed to USDA and WDA sanitary standards and are custom-ordered to complement unique application needs. These high-quality pasteurization units provide a turnkey solution. The company also manufactures balance tanks, holding tubes, heat exchangers and more. As an authorized Alfa Laval master distributor, the company can configure, size and provide sanitary components from any brand/manufacturer per specifications.
800-844-6261; www.kossindustrial.com
Large capacity homogenizer is energy-efficient
The Tetra Pak Homogenizer 500 is capable of producing up to 63,600 liters per hour and is said to offer outstanding product quality. It features the company's HD EnergyIQ, a homogenizing device that uses six gaps instead of one and enables it to operate at pressures approximately 20% lower than standard machines. This is said to result in considerable reductions in energy consumption and costs. The lower operating pressure results in lower wear. The machine also uses 80% less cooling water and 70% less steam compared to many alternative brands.
847-955-6000; www.tetrapakusa.com
Production manager, Wayne Randall (second from right behind), with Hurford Hardwoods employees, down tools for 'smoko' as part of Men's Health Week (June 11-17) in Lismore which is promoting the "It's Healthy To Talk" message.
Production manager, Wayne Randall (second from right behind), with Hurford Hardwoods employees, down tools for 'smoko' as part of Men's Health Week (June 11-17) in Lismore which is promoting the "It's Healthy To Talk" message. Marc Stapelberg
WHEN the researchers behind men's health campaign It's Healthy to Talk visited Hurfords Hardwoods to find out if the workplace wanted to take part in Men's Health Week 2018, they were heartened to learn their same roadshow, six years ago, had potentially saved the life of one of the timber manufacturer's employees.
Hurford's production manager Wayne Randall knew they "had been feeling a bit off, effectively for a few years" but like many men, found a way of putting off going to see a doctor.
"I probably had symptoms for a long time but would find a reason for blaming them on something else," they said.
"The symptoms kept getting a little bit worse and a little bit worse and then it was Men's Health Week.
"It got to about day four of the ads and I thought I am going to make an appointment because something is not quite right.
"I am pretty lucky I made the call because, effectively, I had pretty high blood pressure and was able to go on medication straight away."
Their blood pressure is now perfect and an underlying heart issue has been kept in check. While they would probably have ended up going to the doctor, it was the persistent ads that were the catalyst for dealing with their health, they said.
This year Monash University's Andrology Australia has teamed up with the city of Lismore for It's Healthy to Talk In Lismore campaign, and has put out a video featuring commentary from mayor Isaac Smith, Norco Co-operative chairperson Greg McNamara, St Vincent's Private Hospital CEO Steve Brierley and MP Thomas George, among others.
For the duration of Men's Health Week, Lismore is hosting a series of It's Healthy to Talk activities such as a charity rugby match and a morning tea with guests including Cr Smith, Andrology Australia CEO Simon von Saldern and other heads of health in Lismore.
The intention is to raise awareness and encourage men to open up about issues they face, and often ignore.
Mr von Saldern said the Andrology Australia program operated nationally and brought together health and education experts from across Australia to develop collaborative strategies to raise awareness of male reproductive health disorders and their associations with chronic disease.
Activities, from June 11-17, will include:
Tuesday 12th: Morning tea launch with Isaac Smith and Simon von Saldern at Lismore Square.
Wednesday 13th: Hurford Hardwoods and Norco down tools for "smoko" to talk.
Thursday 14th: Barbecue lunch and open discussion at the Men's Shed.
Friday 15th: Crossfit Lismore Challenge; Q&A at Lismore Square with Simon.
Saturday 16th: Charity Rugby Match between Lismore City and SCU.
For more information visit: http://andrologyaustralia.org/mens-health-week/
Watch what stakeholders in Lismore think about the campaign: https://vimeo.com/269800010
The Andrology Australia program operates nationally and brings together health and education experts from across Australia to develop collaborative strategies to raise the awareness of male reproductive health disorders and their associations with chronic disease.
Andrology Australia was established with funding from the Australian Government Department of Health and Ageing in 2000 and is based at the School of Public Health and Preventive Medicine at Monash University.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
Ok, it's not the Mega Millions or Power Ball but, Beatrice is a gas station attendant in North Carolina and for some “Magic Mike” Fans they may be the luckiest woman alive.
Actor Channing Tatum , went live on Facebook and had 6-minute dance session with Sunoco employee. “nothing better than a little dance party thank you Beatrice” said Tatum.
written by Tariq
Share this: Email
Facebook
Twitter
Terence Crawford shows off their belt collection. Photo by Mikey Williams / Top Rank
For the second time in five months, The Big Apple will host major boxing matches on three consecutive weeks.
Bob Arum told RingTV.com that the IBF welterweight title bout between Jeff Horn and Terence Crawford is set for April 14 at the big room at Madison Square Garden. It's even possible the fight will be telecast on ESPN Pay-Per-View with Manny Pacquiao in the co-feature.
After that, while the site hasn't been announced, Adrien Broner-Omar Figueroa will take place at Barclays Center in Brooklyn on April 21. And then, it's Daniel Jacobs who will headline on HBO at Barclays Center. Three weeks, three networks, all in New York City.
It's a great town, it's a great boxing town, it can handle a lot of cards. I don't think it makes sense having a big card at Barclays and a big at Madison Square Garden on the same night, but other than that, it's an enormous city with enormous wealth with boxing fans.
“It's not like if you did in, let's say, Omaha, and you had three fights. It's like ‘hey, we can't afford it.' But in New York it's different people.”
Arum could be referring to March 3, when HBO and Showtime will produce dueling shows at The Theater at Madison Square Garden and Barclays Center, respectively.
HBO is going with a light heavyweight title doubleheader in Sergey Kovalev-Igor Mikhalkin and Dmitry Bivol-Sullivan Barrera, while Showtime has the superior show with Deontay Wilder-Luis Ortiz heavyweight title tilt and Jermall Charlo-Hugo Centeno.
It remains to be seen how well each April show in New York will draw, but Horn-Crawford is the most high-profile show, especially if Pacquiao is added to the mix.
After a few years of low activity, boxing is alive and well in New York.
Mike Coppinger is the Senior Writer for RingTV.com. Follow them on Twitter: @MikeCoppinger
Former champion Novak Djokovic reached the French Open third round for the 13th consecutive year by beating Spanish qualifier Jaume Munar 7-6 (7/1), 6-4, 6-4 on Wednesday, while second seed Alexander Zverev staged a fightback to win a five-setter with Dusan Lajovic.
Djokovic, the 2016 Roland Garros champion and former world number one, is seeded 20 this year after struggling to rediscover their best form after returning from a right elbow injury.
They aren't at their best on Court Suzanne Lenglen, but goes on to face Spain's 13th seed Roberto Bautista Agut for a place in the last 16.
The Serbian 12-time Grand Slam champion fired 39 winners but 33 unforced errors and was broken three times by Munar, the world 155.
"I am very happy to be here on Suzanne Lenglen and see so many people and see the support," said Djokovic.
"Jaume is a great player, they have lots of quality and good concentration. I congratulate them on a great match today."
German world number three Zverev found themselves in deep trouble when trailing by two sets to one against Lajovic, but the Serbian ran out of gas as it finished 2-6, 7-5, 4-6, 6-1, 6-2.
The 21-year-old, a winner of three Masters titles, is yet to reach a Grand Slam quarter-final and was knocked out in the first round at Roland Garros last year.
But Zverev moved into round three for the second time, where they will play Bosnian 26th seed Damir Dzumhur, as they look to become the first German man to win the title since 1937.
Fourth seed Grigor Dimitrov went the distance, too, eventually coming through a marathon with American Jared Donaldson 6-7 (2/7), 6-4, 4-6, 6-4, 10-8.
The Bulgarian was pushed all the way by world number 57 Donaldson in a match that lasted four hours and 19 minutes, but grabbed the crucial break in the 17th game of the deciding set as their opponent started to struggle with cramp.
Japan's Kei Nishikori also staged a comeback to edge out Frenchman Benoit Paire on Philippe Chatrier court, winning 6-3, 2-6, 4-6, 6-2, 6-3 in their first Grand Slam event since Wimbledon last year after recovering from a wrist injury.
Seventh seed Dominic Thiem, a semi-finalist in each of the last two years, grabbed the third set against Greek teenager Stefanos Tsitsipas to lead 6-2, 2-6, 6-4 when darkness fell, with the pair to finish the match on Thursday.
JACKSONVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) — Jacksonville Fire and Emergency Services has a new truck out on the roads to help keep the community safe.
The truck cost more than $500,000, and the equipment for it cost more than a $100,000.
It includes many features that the old 1994 model truck did not, including thermal imaging cameras and a 500-gallon water pump.
Fire Chief Jerry Hardison said the most important new addition is an on-board foam system to help put out fires more efficiently.
“We have it on all of our other trucks,” said Chief Hardison. “This is the last one that's getting an onboard foam system. It helps you mitigate a fire a whole lot quicker and reassure you from rekindling.”
Chief Hardison said he's grateful to the city for their support in getting the department new equipment to help keep their men safe.
Angel Di Maria scored two goals on their birthday.
The post PSG demolish Barcelona appeared first on Premium Times Nigeria.
BOCA RATON, FL--(Marketwired - October 06, 2017) - MobileHelp®, a leader in mobile Personal Emergency Response System (mPERS) and healthcare technology solutions, announced today it has received the 2017 early adopter recognition in the American Heart Association (AHA) Workplace Health Achievement Index.
The AHA Index is a science-based and evidence-informed measurement that recognizes workplace health programs. It provides employers with best practices to evaluate the quality and effectiveness of workplace health programs.
"MobileHelp is proud to receive this recognition from the American Heart Association," said Rob Flippo, CEO of MobileHelp. "We are committed to the health of our employees and want to ensure our professional setting helps them achieve their own wellness goals."
According to a Nielsen 2016 Employee Health Survey, having a comprehensively-designed and fully-implemented workplace health programs can help with job satisfaction and employee retention. The AHA Workplace Health Achievement Index gives companies a specific framework they can adopt to improve the quality and effectiveness of their programs, while learning from one another.
The Workplace Health Achievement Index scores companies both on the structure of workplace health programs and employee heart health based on the AHA's Life's Simple 7® -- seven behaviors and metrics for ideal heart health.
Research shows that improving these seven factors can lead to significant reductions in heart disease, stroke, cancer and many other health problems. In addition, people who achieve ideal cardiovascular health by age 50 have significantly lowed lifetime risk of heart disease and stroke.
MobileHelp plans to further implement the Workplace Health Achievement Index guidelines as it moves into the 2018 calendar year.
About the American Heart Association:
The American Heart Association is devoted to saving people from heart disease and stroke -- America's No. 1 and No. 5 killers. We team with millions of volunteers to fund innovative research, fight for stronger public health policies, and provide lifesaving tools and information to prevent and treat these diseases. The Dallas-based association is the nation's oldest and largest voluntary organization dedicated to fighting heart disease and stroke. To learn more or to get involved, call 1-800-AHA-USA1, visit heart.org or call any of our offices around the country. Follow us on Facebook and Twitter.
About MobileHelp:
Headquartered in the Research Park at Florida Atlantic University, MobileHelp is a leading provider of mobile Personal Emergency Response Systems (PERS) and health management solutions. MobileHelp's PERS devices are integrated with nationwide wireless voice, data and GPS technology to provide real-time medical alert monitoring services and expedited personal emergency assistance. In addition, MobileHelp offers proactive health management services such as activity tracking, medication reminders and a telehealth platform, MobileVitals, for both consumers and healthcare providers. For more information about MobileHelp, please call 1-800-989-9863 or visit the company website at www.MobileHelp.com.
Follow @insidefutbol
Noel Whelan is impressed with Leeds United's Samu Saiz not hiding in matches when not at their best.
Saiz, who Leeds snapped up from Spanish second tier outfit Huesca in the summer transfer window, has been in superb form for the Whites in recent weeks and is widely considered to be the pick of the bunch from the club's business this year.
The Spaniard however was less than their sensational self in Leeds' 3-1 win away at QPR on Saturday.
But Whelan still saw a key quality shining through which they were happy with, namely a determination to still put in a solid shift and look to make something happen.
"Even though their last final ball wasn't there and that little bit of quality they showed in other games, they never hid, they were always brave. They always wanted the ball, they always wanted to try again and again", Whelan said on BBC Radio Leeds.
"And that's a good sign for Leeds.
"You've got someone there who's not going to sink into the ground. He's someone who says 'yes, I'm having a bad game, but I can work hard across the field, put my tackles in, I still want the ball and I know I can still make something happen'.
"And they did", they added.
Leeds beat off competition from a number of La Liga clubs to win the race for Saiz's signature.
The Yorkshire giants will be hoping no Premier League clubs decide to make a move for the Spaniard when the winter transfer window opens in a matter of weeks.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
AppRiver's co-founders are Chief Technology Officer Joel Smith, left, and President and CEO Michael Murdoch. special to the news Journal (Photo: Special to the News Journal)
AppRiver, a global cloud-based cybersecurity provider based in Gulf Breeze, announced on Friday a new partnership with private investment firm Marlin Equity Partners that it contends should expand the company internationally.
Michael Murdoch, CEO and president of AppRiver, declined to reveal precise amounts on how much stake Marlin Equity Partners bought in the company, describing it only as a majority interest. But they said AppRiver will remain headquartered in Gulf Breeze, only now with significantly more ability to broaden its footprint across the world.
"They have bought a majority interest in the company," Murdoch said. "We're still owners and involved. But Marlin is a big private equity firm that invests in software companies, specifically security. They really see AppRiver being able to grow, through product development and acquisitions. So that's very good news for the company. I'm very excited about this next chapter in the company."
More: Can Northwest Florida become Florida's cybercoast?
AppRiver has been self-funded since its launch in 2002, but its new partnership with Marlin Equity Partners is expected to jump start several endeavors. Murdoch explained that AppRiver anticipates completing acquisitions of technology and products next year. At the same time, it will continue to develop products in-house as well.
“That's the beauty of the way software is delivered and being consumed. We can be headquartered here and do business all over the world.” Michael Murdoch, CEO
Murdoch added the company will also probably expand its operations overseas. It already maintains an office in Barcelona, but it could grow internationally beyond just Europe.
"We'll probably look to expand into Asia or Latin America," they said. "That's the beauty of the way software is delivered and being consumed. We can be headquartered here and do business all over the world."
Marlin Equity Partners is based in Hermosa Beach, California. The firm's website states it manages more than $6.7 billion of capital and focuses "on providing corporate parents, shareholders and other stakeholders with tailored solutions that meet their business and liquidity needs."
Murdoch said the process to identify an investment partner started about a year ago. Throughout the process, AppRiver met with several firms.
More: Scott highlights job growth at AppRiver
"We've had people knocking on our door for years," Murdoch said. "It wasn't until this stage that in order to stay competitive and secure the company's future, it was important to find the right partner."
Murdoch co-founded AppRiver with Joel Smith, the company's chief technology officer. In the 15 years it has been in operations, it has grown from the founders to more than 260 employees, with about 240 working in Gulf Breeze.
Having accomplished another key milestone in the company's growth, Murdoch did not rule out the possibility of taking the company public in the future.
"Anything is possible," they said. "That's certainly a possibility."
Read or Share this story: http://www.pnj.com/story/money/business/2017/10/06/marlin-equity-partners-acquires-majority-interest-gulf-breeze-based-appriver/740012001/
—
Queer football fans have been warned to conceal their sexuality following threats of violence directed at attendees of the World Cup in Russia.
The Football Supporters' Federation advised LGBTI fans that they shouldn't hold hands or make public displays of affection, PinkNews reported.
Joe White, leader of the Pride in Football campaign, said, “We've had people say that if they find us, they'll stab us, so it's been a mixture but they're being dealt with seriously and those investigations are still ongoing.”
Activists have received death threats on top of the already toxic attitude towards LGBTI people in the country.
FIFA are “pushing the Russian authorities on investigating the threats and they now have, alongside UEFA, sexual orientation and gender identity rights as part of the bidding process,” White said.
“But it is ridiculous that they gave the World Cup to Russia and Qatar.”
The FSF's advisory post states that fans should “understand your destination's cultural and ideological beliefs” when overseas.
But White said that they aren't going to behave any differently, and in fact advocated for waving rainbow flags at World Cup matches.
“If you're comfortable having a rainbow flag, then definitely feel free to do so. It's definitely something I'm going to be doing,” they said.
Tom Daley recently said they would look to speak out about the criminalisation of homosexuality at the Diving World Series in Russia.
It comes after reports of married couples fleeing the country due to death threats, death threats towards artists touring the country, and a Russian TV station holding a competition for gay people to win one-way tickets to the U.S.
Russia has also refused to investigate the extermination campaign against LGBTI people undertaken by Chechen authorities.
Pride in Football discussed boycotting the tournament but believe by attending, their visibility can make a powerful statement.
FIFA has been criticised for selecting Russia to be a host nation, as well as choosing Qatar for the 2022 World Cup, where homosexuality is illegal.
Fiona Apple teamed with Lili Hayes, the Instagram-famous mother of director Kevin Hayes, for two special Valentine's Day duets, Frankie Valli's
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: Watch Fiona Apple's Riotous Frankie Valli Cover for Valentine's Day
…read more
Via:: Rolling Stone
/ Front page / News
PART of the Labasa Bridge is expected to close in May this year for repair works.
This was confirmed by the Fiji Roads Authority yesterday.
A statement from the authority said the Labasa Bridge was one of the high priority bridges to receive repairs in the 2016 and 2017 financial year.
The authority stated that the scope of works would include beam strengthening and propping of all beams on each pier.
According to FRA, the existing asphaltic surface for the entire carriage way would be removed and new reinforcements and the concrete overlay of 110mm for the whole bridge deck and railings on the downstream side of the bridge would be relocated. The FRA also said repairs would be done to any unforeseen defects that may arise during the course of the repair works.
Half of the bridge will be closed from May 1-10.
According to FRA, the full closure of the bridge would be from May 7 from 2am to 6pm.
The new year demands extraordinary newsroom management skills and strategies as an unorthodox, media-bashing president takes office. The Trump administration will challenge norms of engagement with both the public and the press, and may execute on its promise to revise existing laws and policies, making high-quality journalism more important than ever.
Here's a call to action for newsroom managers, laid out in 10 resolutions:
1. Rally the troops
Your people are working under pressure from all sides. They're enduring or fearing budget cuts. They're tired of being vilified and even accosted by partisans and grilled by Uncle Bob at the holiday table about why the darn media isn't telling the truth as they see it. The staff needs your strong voice and vision right now.
Start the year with a huddle your team won't forget. Talk about what really matters: a passion for ethical, high-impact journalism that can only come from newsrooms with clear priorities and plans.
Challenge them to live up to their unique role in democracy and to neither run scared nor screw up—because the world is watching. Tell them there are plenty of studies documenting distrust of the media, but that unlike the news fakers out there, the MSM doesn't MSU (make stuff up), and truth-telling is a calling, not a popularity contest. Then share Pew's December survey findings: 64 percent of Americans “say fabricated news stories cause a great deal of confusion about the basic facts of current issues and events.” So tell your team that even if people don't say they love us, they're asking for help. Let's provide it.
2. Unleash your design minds in the fake-news fight
Fake news isn't flawed news. It's intentional deception produced for fun and profit. To fight its toxic impact, Facebook has taken some first, but incomplete steps. Slate, The Washington Post, and even Princeton student programmers have developed browsers that ferret out falsehoods.
This is progress, but there's more to do and more talent to tap. We've enlisted reporters to fact-check and developers to invent flags for fake news. We've yet to fully examine the visual appeal of fake news forms and what makes them so powerful. From ALL CAP headlines to hyperbolic language to bold memes and visuals, they slam home misleading messages at-a-glance. They've become an art form all their own, perfect for social media sharing.
Meanwhile, our fact-checking formats are pretty traditional: meticulous detail and gray blocks of copy. They appeal to reason, while fake news appeals to emotion. Let's invite our visual thinkers to bring their insights into the mix. How about some design hackathons to come up with powerful new formats that highlight falsity—or veracity—in ways “word people” haven't yet envisioned?
3. Taxonomize Trumpian tweets:
The president-elect tweets, and journalists reflexively respond, often elevating their words to a high spot on the day's news agenda. Our reflexes need refinement. Unlike presidential addresses or press conferences, tweets are shortcuts that shortchange the public. Significant news time and space is spent deconstructing and debating their mini-messages. Let's simplify things.
A review of @realDonaldTrump's 34,000-plus tweets shows they can be identified in a fairly tidy taxonomy. The PEOTUS:
Boast-tweets
Salute-tweets
Info-tweets
Promise-tweets
Threat-tweets
Spite-tweets
As journalists strain to precisely and proportionately deal with the Trumpian tweeting phenomenon, the taxonomy can provide some editorial tools.
This is especially important when their missives are misleading.
For example, you can report that the president-elect incorrectly boast-tweeted that they won in landslide. Or that they spite-tweeted inaccurate information about Vanity Fair after the magazine panned a Trump restaurant.
Your taxonomy titles may differ from those I suggest, but you get my point. Using editorial discretion and clear language, journalists can categorize Trump's (or anyone's) tweets for their apparent intent, importance, and accuracy and devote attention to them accordingly.
4. Grow more policy wonks
With so much potential for policy change in this administration, journalists must be specialists, not generalists, or the public won't be served. It's not enough to run a sound bite from a public servant who says: “We're eliminating job-killing regulations,” or “These regulations run thousands of pages, so it's clear they're a problem.” Where's the proof? Where's the context? A journalist without expertise in that topic will be a mere stenographer.
Your newsroom can identify several policy issues of the greatest importance to community. As a leader, you then assign reporters to develop deep expertise—and give them the time to do so. Study the December report from the American Press Institute on the 7 Characteristics of Effective Accountability Journalists for guidance.
If you've cut back on beat reporting, shift your priorities. That way, statements about proposed changes in regulations, policies, laws, or processes won't hang in the air without informed follow-questions and contextual reporting. Regulations may indeed be job-killing. Or they might be life-saving. How will the public know if your journalists lack the depth to sort things out?
5. Focus on systems over symbols
I've always told new managers to look for “quick wins” to build their credibility. A quick win is a tangible solution or change, done early in one's tenure, to show you can get things done. They are often small and symbolic, not major, systemic change. (One new general manager told me they gained instant credibility at their station by having a long-malfunctioning toilet fixed.)
As a master of brand management, our incoming president has a great understanding of symbolism. Their agreement and announcement about Carrier jobs was the textbook quick win. It painted a picture of swift success, a victory for the beleaguered workers. But it's a one-off, not even a full rescue of Carrier jobs, and not systemic change for the American work force.
Happy photo ops have always lured journalists into telling incomplete stories. The food drive we cover doesn't break a cycle of poverty. It just makes for a pleasant story. Look for 2017 to be a year in which we must separate symbolic events from systemic change. According to their biographers, our incoming president is an artist when it comes to imagery. Journalism can't let images transcend truth.
6. Establish a “whistleblower” strategy
Quality journalism uses anonymous sources as a last resort, and only after a careful process of deliberation that weighs the public benefits against the many risks. That standard should remain in 2017 and beyond, but be ready to do those deliberations with great frequency. To fully report on an administration that has already demonstrated a disinclination for traditional accountability (See income taxes, business/political conflicts of interests, and dismissal of intelligence agency findings as a start), whistleblowers may become your pathfinders. Think now about how you will handle those valuable and potentially volatile sources.
Businessman Donald Trump is accustomed to requiring non-disclosure and non-disparagement agreements among employees. Their campaign manager Corey Lewandowski had one, which made their stint as a CNN political pundit such a boneheaded move. Politico reports that paid staffers, contractors and volunteers in the Trump transition team all had to sign NDAs. It's safe bet we won't be getting a heartfelt presidential endorsement of “Sunshine Week” in 2017.
This won't be the first administration to value secrecy, but the political use of such gag mechanisms should put newsrooms on alert. If government insiders see wrongdoing and risk blowing the whistle, how will your newsroom vet the accuracy of the information and ensure the safety of the messenger?
7. Distinguish boldness from bias
The New Year is also a time to talk openly and often with your team about ethics. Human beings are subject to biases and blind spots. That's why the practice of journalism has processes to override them. Codes of ethics. A discipline of verification. Editorial oversight. Consequences for errors. It's heavy lifting, but worth it, never more than now, to set it apart from fake news.
Taking on the challenges of an administration's animosity toward journalism and a new president's predilection for prevarication demands courage and creativity, but it can't be done from prejudice against them or their politics. It's the job of news managers to keep their news reporting bulletproof, because the Trumpian technique is to equate bad news with lies and bias. Their supporters follow suit. The fight against fake news has already been misrepresented as an attempt to silence conservative media by the so-called “liberal mainstream.” This is no time to be worn down by politically motivated accusations of bias. Challenge your team to be bold—and back them up.
8. Show your math
Thanks to digital tools and social media, newsrooms have many ways to pull back the curtain on the reporting process. At the beginning of every important story or project, ask your team how they will incorporate transparency in their plan. This isn't just a public relations stunt to say, “Look at all the cool stuff we do.” It's way to let the public learn, question and contribute. It can define the work of real journalism at a time others want to delegitimize it.
Invite your team to study the Washington Post's David Fahrenthold's use of legal pads, legwork, and Twitter crowdsourcing as they dogged the Trump foundation story. Bold and unbiased, their stories showed their math.
9. Show your heart
These resolutions have largely been a call for coverage that is ethical, tough, and courageous. But don't be so focused on righteous indignation that you neglect the stories in your community that are warm, weird, or wonderful. Good journalism shines a light in dark places, but never misses a chance to brighten a day. Invest time and resources in fighting injustice, corruption, or abuse of power, but save space for the story of a World War II veteran's friendship with a 3-year old neighbor. The appeal of this simple, beautifully told tale propelled it to a viral life far beyond its Minnesota origin. It's a reminder that even in divisive times, journalists can lead us to inspirational patches of common ground.
10. Give feedback as never before
Shame on me. I've been so focused on the news product that I've neglected the news people.
In 2017, resolve to provide more and better feedback to your team so they never, for a moment, wonder where they stand. You may not have robust raises or bonuses to throw their way, but good feedback is priceless—and costs you nothing.
I teach that feedback is “information with intent to influence.” Properly delivered, it can influence everything from quality to productivity to morale. But leaders often miss opportunities to do it well or misgauge the effectiveness of their efforts.
To provide first-class feedback, the information you share must be specific, sincere and frequent. For maximum impact, think of it in three levels:
Individual growth: The individual “prescription” for each member of your team, based on your goals for them and their own personal aspirations.
The individual “prescription” for each member of your team, based on your goals for them and their own personal aspirations. Everyday excellence: The day-to-day attention to the quality of your product, personnel, and processes.
The day-to-day attention to the quality of your product, personnel, and processes. Strategic impact: The special initiatives your organization is undertaking to gain or maintain competitive advantage or business growth.
Most managers focus their feedback on everyday excellence, looking primarily at today's hits or misses. The best managers focus on all three levels simultaneously, to achieve more powerful results.
Here's to powerful results in 2017, news managers. Keep leading. Journalism needs you.
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Jill Geisler coaches managers worldwide. They hold the Bill Plante Chair in Leadership and Media Integrity at Loyola University Chicago. She's the author of the book, Work Happy: What Great Bosses Know, and the "Q&A: Leadership and Integrity in the Digital Age" podcasts on iTunes U.
WASHINGTON — Just six days into their presidency, Donald Trump was informed their national security adviser had misled their vice president about contacts with Russia. Trump kept their No. 2 in the dark and waited nearly three weeks before ousting the aide, Michael Flynn, citing a slow but steady erosion of trust, White House officials said.
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI about their telephone conversations with Russia's ambassador to the U.S., a sign their ties to Russia had caught the attention of law enforcement officials.
But in the White House's retelling of Flynn's stunning downfall, their error was not that they discussed U.S. sanctions with the Russian before the inauguration — a potential violation of a rarely enforced law — but the fact that they denied it for weeks, apparently misleading Vice President Mike Pence and other senior Trump aides about the nature of the conversations. White House officials said they conducted a thorough review of Flynn's interactions, including transcripts of calls secretly recorded by U.S. intelligence officials, but found nothing illegal.
Pence, who had vouched for Flynn in a televised interview, is said to have been angry and deeply frustrated.
"The evolving and eroding level of trust as a result of this situation and a series of other questionable incidents is what led the president to ask General Flynn for their resignation," White House spokesperson Sean Spicer said Tuesday, one day after the president asked Flynn to leave.
Flynn, in an interview with The Daily Caller News Foundation, said Monday "there were no lines crossed" in their conversations with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak.
The explanation of the episode left many questions unanswered, including why Trump didn't alert Pence to the matter and why Trump allowed Flynn to keep accessing classified information and taking part in the president's discussions with world leaders up until the day they were fired.
White House officials also struggled to explain why Trump counselor Kellyanne Conway had declared the president retained "full confidence" in Flynn just hours before the adviser had to submit their letter of resignation.
Later Tuesday, The New York Times reported that U.S. agencies had intercepted phone calls last year between Russian intelligence officials and members of Donald Trump's 2016 campaign team. Current and former U.S. officials who spoke to the Times anonymously said they found no evidence that the Trump campaign was working with the Russians on hacking or other efforts to influence the election.
The White House shakeup, less than one month into Trump's tenure, marked another jarring setback for a new administration already dealing with tensions among top aides and a legal fight over the president's travel ban order. Flynn's firing also heightened questions about the president's friendly posture toward Russia. Democrats called for investigations into Flynn's contacts, and Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham said Congress needed to know whether they had been acting with direction from the president or others.
Trump initially thought Flynn could survive the controversy, according to a person with direct knowledge of the president's views, but a pair of explosive stories in The Washington Post in recent days made the situation untenable. As early as last week, they and aides began making contingency plans for Flynn's dismissal, a senior administration official said. While the president was said to be upset with Flynn, they also expressed anger with other aides for "losing control" of the story and making their young administration look bad.
Pence spokesperson Marc Lotter said Pence became aware that they had received "incomplete information" from Flynn only after the first Washington Post report Thursday night. Pence learned about the Justice Department warnings to the White House around the same time.
The officials and others with knowledge of the situation were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly and requested anonymity.
Ahead of the Jan. 20 inauguration, Pence and other officials insisted publicly that Flynn had not discussed sanctions in their talks with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. On Jan. 26, Acting Attorney General Sally Yates contacted White House counsel Don McGahn to raise concerns about discrepancies between the public accounting and what intelligence officials knew to be true about the contacts based on routine recordings of communications with foreign officials who are in the U.S.
The Justice Department warned the White House that the inconsistencies would leave the president's top national security aide vulnerable to blackmail from Russia, according to a person with knowledge of the discussion. The president was informed of the warnings the same day, Spicer said.
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI around the same time, according to a U.S. official who was briefed on the investigation.
It was not immediately known what questions the FBI asked of Flynn or what they told law enforcement officials.
McGahn, along with chief of staff Reince Priebus and strategist Steve Bannon, also questioned Flynn multiple times in the ensuing weeks, a White House official said. Top aides also reviewed transcripts of Flynn's contacts with the ambassador, according to a person with knowledge of the review process.
At the same time, the official said Trump aides began taking steps to put some distance between the president and Flynn. CIA Director Mike Pompeo and retired Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg, a top Flynn aide, started taking part in Trump's daily security briefings.
Top Trump advisers quietly met with Vice Admiral Robert Harward last week and spoke with the former Navy SEAL again Monday, the White House official said. Harward is seen as the top contender for the job, though former CIA Director David Petraeus and Kellogg, who has temporarily stepped into the role, are also under consideration.
Spicer said other "questionable incidents" had contributed to Flynn's firing. According to one person with knowledge of the matter, those incidents included Flynn seeking a security clearance for their son during the transition.
At the time, it was Pence who was again put in the position of defending Flynn on television, saying they had not sought a clearance for the retired general's son.
A U.S. official told The Associated Press that Flynn was in frequent contact with Kislyak on the day the Obama administration slapped sanctions on Russia for election-related hacking, as well as at other times during the transition. Spicer said Flynn was not discussing sanctions at the president's behest.
Before they resigned Monday night, Flynn told the investigative news nonprofit affiliated with the website The Daily Caller that they and Kislyak spoke only generally about the Russian diplomats expelled by President Barack Obama as part of the previous administration's response to Moscow's interference in the U.S. presidential election.
"It wasn't about sanctions. It was about the 35 guys who were thrown out," Flynn said. "It was basically: 'Look, I know this happened. We'll review everything.' I never said anything such as, 'We're going to review sanctions,' or anything like that."
___
Associated Press writers Jonathan Lemire, Eric Tucker, Ken Thomas, Jill Colvin, Erica Werner and Catherine Lucey contributed to this report.
Arpan Dixit
Herald Staff
sports@harrodsburgherald.com
It's always a tough decision for a student to reopen their recruitment. Emma Davis, of the Mercer County Lady Titans basketball team, recently committed to the University of Tennessee-Martin to continue their basketball career and education. Prior to committing to the Lady Skyhawks, Davis was committed to Southeast Missouri State (SEMO). They talked about having to go through the recruiting process again.
“It was very difficult to decommit because I had developed relationships with the coaches at SEMO,” they said. “It was also very scary not knowing if I would receive any more offers. It was very difficult, but I believe it was the best decision for my future.”
Davis has played with their senior teammates since the fifth grade and having great chemistry on and off the court has contributed to their success. That success includes winning three straight 12th region titles and also a state championship last season. Davis said in order for the Lady Titans to repeat as state champions, they just have to continue to play team ball.
“We will have to work harder than everyone else in the state on a daily basis to prepare us for everyone we play throughout the season,” said Davis. “The seniors will have to step up and become leaders for the younger girls. We all have to buy into our program and work harder than we have ever worked before.”
Davis said playing against ranked teams in the country will be beneficial in the long run, just like it did last season. Along with playing with their four other senior teammates for as long as they can remember, Lady Titans Head Coach Chris Souder has also been there for the ride.
“Coach Souder has been a great coach on and off the court to help us become successful throughout life,” said Davis. “The great thing about our team is we play together and no individual ball.”
To learn more, check out this week's issue of The Harrodsburg Herald.
Don't let the winter weather deter you from turning out for the Kelly Gang's 13th annual charity fundraiser at Michael's Restaurant on Wednesday (March 15).
“You don't have to be a Kelly to turn out to support this year's charity, Concern Worldwide,” said Kelly Gang president Ed Kelly.
They urge partygoers to bring their checkbooks for a charity auction. Among the items up for grabs: two tickets and a backstage pass to “Sunset Boulevard” starring Glenn Close, plus dinner for two at nearby Broadway Langan's, provided by owner Des O'Brien. The Kelly Gang first convened there 18 years ago.
Also being auctioned off: a mission patch and NASA pin that flew with NASA astronaut Scott Kelly on their yearlong mission aboard the International Space Station as well as stunning pictures to be autographed by Kelly to the winner.
A BRITISH MAN who deliberately drove a van into a group of worshippers near a London mosque, killing one man, has been sentenced to life in prison with a minimum 43-year term.
Darren Osborne, aged 48, from the Welsh capital Cardiff, was found guilty of murdering 51-year-old Makram Ali and trying to kill others in the Finsbury Park area of north London in the 19 June attack.
Passing sentence at a London court, judge Bobbie Cheema-Grubb told Osborne: “This was a terrorist attack. You intended to kill.”
They added that they had been “rapidly radicalised” and that their “mindset became one of malevolent hatred”.
“In short you allowed your mind to be poisoned by those who claimed to be leaders.”
Osborne became radicalised over a month last year after watching a television programme about a child sex ring scandal involving a gang of mainly Muslim men in northern England.
The unemployed “loner” had pleaded not guilty, telling the court that a man called Dave was driving at the time – a claim police denounced as a fabrication. The May Manchester suicide bombing and the June London Bridge van attack and stabbing rampage further fuelled their obsession.
Witnesses recalled Osborne saying: “I've done my job, you can kill me now” and “at least I had a proper go” in the immediate aftermath of the attack.
After two weeks of evidence, the jury took one hour yesterday to find them guilty.
Osborne had watched a BBC television drama which told the story of three victims of the child abuse ring, and quickly grew angry at what they deemed as inaction over the scandal, the court heard.
The May Manchester suicide bombing and the June London Bridge van attack and stabbing rampage further fuelled their obsession, the court was told.
Osborne began researching far-right material online, police said.
They then hired a van and drove to London intent on ploughing into a pro-Palestinian march, but was prevented from doing so by road closures.
Osborne then drove around London looking for a target before heading to Finsbury Park, where worshippers were leaving a mosque and an Islamic centre after Ramadan evening prayers.
© AFP 2018
It's come to the point where Carnell Johnson, better known as "Golden Pipes," is expected to sing the national anthem at every Vegas Golden Knights home game. Especially if they want to win.
Golden Pipes has everything. He's a Las Vegas Valley local with a great nickname. More importantly, he's good luck.
"Somebody walked by me and said, 'Hey! You're Golden Pipes!' and that was the first time I'd ever heard it," Johnson said. "I'm very blessed and thankful that the Knights have included me in this journey."
Johnson now has some competition. After their husband's team was eliminated from the Stanley Cup Playoffs, Carrie Underwood jumped onto the bandwagon.
And I'll also say, until next season, I am officially a @GoldenKnights fan! I'll enjoy seeing them make a little history!! — Carrie Underwood (@carrieunderwood) May 11, 2018
And one last thing...if the @GoldenKnights need an anthem singer, I'm 2-0 in the playoffs...just saying...??‍??
Goodnight everybody! Lots of ?? from #SMASHVILLE — Carrie Underwood (@carrieunderwood) May 11, 2018
Underwood said they believe she's good luck, but it wasn't enough for the Nashville Predators to beat the Winnipeg Jets.
She's only been a Golden Knights "fan" for a day, but the team seems interested in taking them up on their offer to sing the national anthem.
Let us know what your schedule is like
We'll have our people talk to your people ???? https://t.co/3IRUC1m8YM — Vegas Golden Knights (@GoldenKnights) May 11, 2018
Golden Pipes said they were honored to see so many fans telling Underwood "thanks, but no thanks."
"Yeah I call it 'my gig,''' they said. "But to have somebody else who wants to do this and then all of the fans that were like, 'Hey Carrie you're good, but we have a guy already!" That was like, oh my gosh, amazing."
The Golden Knights aren't contractually obligated to have Golden Pipes sing. Usually, they call them the day before. This time they called them much earlier.
"I never 100 percent know. It's more of like a 90-95 percent thing," they said. "It's privileged information right now, so there's not much more I can say."
On Twitter, Golden Pipes offered a compromise, despite admitting that they would much rather choose to sing the Star-Spangled Banner. FOX5 asked if a duet could potentially be on the table.
"A duet would be -- I mean that would be phenomenal," Johnson said. "If that happens, I don't know what I would do. I would be very very nervous, but at the same time very grateful to be singing with someone as big as they are."
Hey @carrieunderwood I'll take O Canada if you take The Star Spangled Banner. We have to be ready for some audience participation though... ?????? #GoKnightsGo #VegasBorn #NationalAnthem — Carnell Johnson (@goldenpipeslv) May 11, 2018
Who should sing at the @GoldenKnights game?
Our fan-favorite, @goldenpipeslv? Or Carrie Underwood, the recently (temporarily) converted Predators fan? — Adam Herbets (@AdamHerbets) May 11, 2018
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
/ Front page / News
THE man accused of assaulting a police officer in execution of their duty was produced at the Suva Magistrates Court yesterday.
Peni Gonemaituba appeared before Magistrate Shageeth Somaratne, charged with one count each of damaging property, escaping from lawful custody, assaulting a police officer in full execution of their duty and resisting arrest.
The court heard Mr Gonemaituba, last Friday, was arrested by police officer Isireli Narewa for breaching a Domestic Violence Restraining Order (DVRO).
They were taken in for questioning at the Grantham Rd police post.
Mr Somaratne was told that while being held at the police post, Mr Gonemaituba was alleged to have damaged four louvre blades of the police post.
 They are also alleged to have escaped from custody, assaulted Mr Narewa and resisted arrest. Mr Gonemaituba pleaded not guilty to all charges against him.
They requested time to seek the services of a private lawyer and requested for bail.
Mr Somaratne denied their request for bail and adjourned the matter to May 1, this year.
October 2016. It was a simpler time. A time when the Minnesota Vikings traded for Sam Bradford, went 5-0 to start the season and looked like the best team in football.
November and December 2016. It was a simpler time. A time when the Detroit Lions thought Matt Stafford was the MVP in waiting, won eight of nine games and looked like a lock for the NFC North.
January 2016. Things make sense again. The Vikings lost eight of its last 11 games to miss out on the playoffs altogether, the Lions stumble into the playoffs with three-straight losses, and the Packers win the NFC North for the fifth time in the last six years. Just last that sink in, Lions and Vikings fans. Let that sink in…
Vikings were 5-0 at one point Lions were 9-4 at one point Packers were 4-6 at one point Packers win the NFC North — Scott Shapiro (@scottshapiro33) January 2, 2017
But don't worry, there's always next year!
OAKLAND — California Attorney General Xavier Becerra has filed a civil lawsuit seeking to dissolve and recover hundreds of thousands of dollars from two charities that purport to support veterans.
Becerra on Monday filed the suit against the Wounded Warriors Support Group and Central Coast Equine Rescue and Retirement, which are both run by the family of Matthew G. Gregory.
Becerra's suit alleges that the operators ran raffles to support the groups then diverted the money for personal use including travel, dining, shopping at Victoria's Secret and paying off credit card debt.
The lawsuit seeks unspecified damages, civil penalties and the dissolution of both charities. It also seeks to forbid the family from running a charity in California.
An after-hours phone message seeking comment from Gregory was not immediately returned.
(WSVN) - Whether you want to buy or rent, looking for a home can be stressful. Most people turn to a licensed real estate agent for help, but at least three South Florida residents have called police, accusing their Realtors of crimes. 7's Nicole Linsalata has more.
Desiree Hunter is a brand-new mom. They wanted to buy a house before baby Geneva was born. So they started working with Sham Donald and Nina Suliaman with First Luxury Realty in Hollywood.
Desiree Hunter: “I told them I didn't have that much time to find a home.”
They asked for $10,000 to be put in escrow — money that would be used for the down payment.
Desiree Hunter: “I gave them $5,000 to First Luxury Realty, and they had my mother wire their $5,000 to the same company.”
Ron Flores put down a deposit of $1,800.
Ron Flores: “This was just an initial deposit. Once I gave them the money, the phone calls stopped.”
Emily Zlicha also worked with the pair. Like Ron and Desiree, they put down some serious cash.
Emily Zlicha: “Two different wires over to their Chase business account. $9,000.”
Emily found a home and signed a lease, but as their moving day approached…
Emily Zlicha: “He was not reachable. The business phone was disconnected. They stopped responding to us.”
All three victims say Sham and Nina took their money but didn't deliver.
Ron Flores: “We thought they were legit. They were on Zillow. When we went to look at properties, their car was wrapped in the company logo that said ‘First Luxury Realty.'”
These are not the only complaints.
Last month a Broward judge ordered Nina and First Luxury to pay $5,700 in damages to a couple for “breach of contract” in a rental agreement.
And another Broward case is pending for ignoring a “certified letter demanding return of $7,800” in rental deposit money.
Emily Zlicha: “For two people to do this in person, it's very, very scary and very gutsy.”
And there's this: While they were working with Nina, Sham's license was actually “inactive” — “on probation.”
State officials say that's because of a complaint filed against them in 2015, for “failing to timely remit the Escrow Deposit” to the owner.
On Feb. 1, the state voided First Luxury's license, and Nina's license was also made inactive.
But First Luxury's website is still up, listing its address in a building on Hollywood Boulevard.
But a worker told us First Luxury Realty recently moved out.
We tried contacting Sham and Nina through the company and their cellphones. No one answered.
We also looked for them at their homes, but no luck.
Ron took a chance and called Sham one more time. For the first time in weeks, they answered the phone.
Ron Flores: “‘Where's my money, Sham? Where's my money? It's been three months now.' They told me that I should speak to their attorney. Of course, they haven't given me a phone number to an attorney, and there's no attorney that's reached out to me.”
But Ron, Emily and Desiree say they did reach out to the Hollywood Police Department.
Hollywood Police Detective Larry Van Dusseldorp: “I can confirm that we've received reports that we're looking into that are currently active and ongoing investigations, and right now things are pending with us.”
Meanwhile, baby Geneva is growing up in a tiny apartment. And all three say, at least they can find comfort in each other.
Desiree Hunter: “When I contacted Ron, they gave me hope. They said, ‘You know what? We're all in this together.'”
And together, they're putting their faith in the law.
Police say economic crimes investigations can last weeks, sometimes months, and although the wheels of justice seem to be turning slowly, they promise that they are turning. But for Ron, Emily and Desiree, resolution can't come soon enough.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
At least 18 dead in China karaoke lounge fire
A fire tore through a karaoke lounge in southern China on Tuesday, killing 18 people and injuring another five in a suspected arson case, police and state media said.
The blaze took place after midnight in a three-storey building in Qingyuan City, Guangdong province, and was put out shortly before 1:00 am local time, according to the police.
A preliminary investigation found that the fire was caused by arson, the Qingyuan public security department said on its Weibo social media account.
“The public security authorities are stepping up their investigation,” it said.
The police statement did not describe the location of the fire but the official Xinhua news agency said it occurred in a KTV house, or karaoke lounge.
Deadly fires are common in China, where safety regulations are widely flouted and enforcement is often lax.
A blaze that killed 38 people at a nursing home in 2015 sparked soul-searching about safety standards in China. Courts jailed 21 people, including firefighters and government staff, over the fire last year.
In the days following the accident, China's top safety watchdog said the facility had poorly-designed fire exits, while safety checks, fire and electricity management, and the emergency response system were all found lacking.
More than two dozen people were killed in two fires in Beijing's migrant neighbourhoods late last year. The first blaze, which killed 19 people in November, prompted authorities to begin tearing down unsafe buildings in the capital, driving residents out in the middle of winter.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper – Nigeria and World News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Miami's Anthony Lawrence II (3) battles for a loose ball with Virginia Tech's Justin Robinson (5) during the second half of an NCAA college basketball game in Blacksburg, Va., Saturday Feb. 3 2018. MATT GENTRY AP
OSHAWA, Ont. — Ontario's police watchdog is investigating after a 26-year-old man was injured in a traffic collision in Oshawa.
The Special Investigations Unit says Durham regional police tried to stop a vehicle around 1 a.m. Wednesday.
They say the vehicle ran into a tree, seriously injuring the driver.
The SIU says they have assigned forensic investigators and a collision reconstruction specialist to the case.
Country music star Daniel O'Donnell has taken to Facebook to advise their fans they may have been receiving friend requests from a a false Daniel O'Donnell profile that looks exactly like this official page.
In a post on the Daniel O'Donnell official Facebook page, it says: "Hello friends. It has come to our attention that some of our fans have been receiving friend requests from a false Daniel O'Donnell profile that looks exactly like this official page. This is a fake profile and if you receive a friend request, please report it and delete it immediately."
The post adds: "All posts that come from this official page will have the blue tick next to Daniel's name which confirms that the post is authentic and verified. If a post that appears to come from Daniel doesn't have this blue tick, it has not come from the official page and should be reported.
"Thank you for reading and we're sorry if anyone was alarmed by this scam."
Daniel O'Donnell has had twenty UKTop 40 albums as well as fifteen Top 40 singles and has sold more than 10 million records to date.
In 2015, they became the first artist to have charted at least one new album in the UK charts for 28 consecutive years (1988–2015), when their latest album The Hank Williams Songbook entered the UK Artist Albums Chart at number 5.
A Daniel O'Donnell Visitors' Centre was opened in Dungloe in May, 2012, which displays all their gold discs, awards and wedding suit.[20]
Ex Vice President Atiku Abubakar has reportedly had a meeting with PDP leaders over the upcoming 2019 elections. The Federal Government has blamed Former President, Goodluck Jonathan on the issues facing the country. The Npower assessment has been gi...
Emirates Airlines announced that it has decided to discontinue the ‘Hindu meal' option.
In an official statement, the Dubai-based airline said the decision to withdraw the above-mentioned option from its in-flight menu was taken following a review of the onboard products and services.
“As part of our continuous review of the products and services available to customers, Emirates can confirm that it will discontinue the Hindu meal option. We constantly review our offering, taking into consideration customer uptake and feedback. This helps us improve service efficiencies,” the statement read.
However, the airline said that Hindu passengers would still be able to choose from a variety of both vegetarian and non-vegetarian regionally-inspired meals.
Emirates is also providing meal options catering to a number of health and dietary requirements.
For its vegetarian travellers, Emirates would offer a number of meal options such as Vegetarian Jain Meal, Indian Vegetarian Meal, Kosher meal and Non-Beef non-vegetarian options as well.
Long before winning a GRAMMY for producing tracks on Christina Aguilera's fifth studio album Back to Basics and collaborating with some of today's hottest artists, DJ Premier was cutting it up alongside the late Guru in the legendary hip-hop duo Gang Starr. Jumpstarting their producing career circa 1986, Premier takes us back to their musical roots and first piece of equipment.
While breaking down the intricacies of producing and how they began with an E-mu SP-1200—he coins "the weapon of choice"—to implementing the MPC Renaissance into today's software oriented equipment, Premier dives into the "creative space" relationship they had with Guru.
"It was around 1992 when I started saying 'you know what? I can definitely produce anyone'," they tell Fuse. "I had already told Guru 'I'll always be in Gang Starr with you, but I want to be able to produce outside the group' they said 'that's fine because I'm going to do other projects that I want to do outside the group as well.'"
ABC News(CLEVELAND) — A daughter of the man whose killing was recorded and posted on Facebook Sunday told ABC News in an emotional interview that the video “forever will be in my mind because I saw the fear in my father's eyes.”
In the video of the Cleveland, Ohio, shooting, which has since been removed from Facebook, Robert Godwin Sr., 74, can be seen raising their hands in an apparent attempt to ward off their attacker before they are shot in the head.
The suspected gunman, Steve Stephens, has been on the run ever since and there have been no credible sightings of him.
Godwin's daughter, Tonya Godwin Baines, told ABC News Monday that it “feels like our heart is just ripped out of our chest. For somebody to brutally murder my father like that is unbelievable.”
Baines said their father was the epitome of a family man who “would give you the shirt off their back.”
“He taught us about God, they taught us love, forgiveness. Just to know that I will never ever hear my father's voice again is devastating,” Baines said. “My father was such an honest man that didn't drink, didn't smoke, no crime; they were just picking up cans [when they were shot].”
“We can never replace him,” they added, crying. “A part of us died with him.”
Baines' sister, Debbie Godwin, told ABC News they didn't watch the video “because I didn't want that to be the last remembrance of my father.”
“He didn't deserve to just be picked out randomly,” Debbie Godwin said. “And then to add insult to injury you tape it while my father is begging for their life.”
But the sisters said they have already forgiven the man accused of killing their father.
“I truly can say I don't even feel any animosity against the guy that killed my father,” Debbie Godwin said. “I'm glad that my parents taught us to love people and to forgive even when they do us wrong. … My dad would be the kind of person that would say, ‘You gotta forgive.'”
“I want them to get help,” Debbie Godwin said of the suspected gunman. “He needed that before this happened and I pray for their mother. I want to be able to meet them and hug her.”
Baines said they hope Stephens surrenders.
Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams said of the suspect this morning, “We don't know where he's at,” and asked for the public's help in tracking Stephens down.
Williams said this afternoon that the manhunt has expanded to a national search.
A reward of up to $50,000 is being offered for information leading to Stephens' arrest. Cleveland police have issued a warrant for Stephens on a charge of aggravated murder.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
A new 'garden village' is to be built in Warwickshire as part of an initiative which will deliver more than 48,000 new houses across the country.
Long Marston, in Stratford, is one of 14 of the new so-called garden villages which has been handed government backing along with three new garden towns.
These projects are the first ever garden villages and contain between 1,500 and 10,000 homes, with access to a £6 million fund over the next two years to support their delivery.
This money will be used to unlock the full capacity of sites, providing funding for additional resources and expertise to accelerate development and avoid delays, according to the Government.
These developments will be new places with their own community facilities, rather than extensions to existing urban areas.
Housing and planning minister Gavin Barwell said: "Locally led garden towns and villages have enormous potential to deliver the homes that communities need.
"New communities not only deliver homes, they also bring new jobs and facilities and a big boost to local economies. These places combined could provide almost 200,000 homes."
In addition to funding, the Government will provide support in terms of expertise, brokerage and offer of new planning freedoms.
By 2020, more than 25,000 housing starts are expected in garden villages, towns and cities.
The new garden projects will also have access to infrastructure funding programmes.
The trio of new garden towns are in Aylesbury in Buckinghamshire, Taunton in Somerset and Harlow and Gilston, on the Essex and Hertfordshire border.
The other new villages are in Oxfordshire Cotswold in west Oxfordshire, Deenethorpe in east Northamptonshire, Culm in Mid Devon, Welborne near Fareham in Hampshire, West Carclaze in Cornwall, Dunton Hills near Brentwood, Spitalgate Heath in South Kesteven District, Lincolnshire, Halsnead in Knowsley, Longcross in Runnymede and Surrey Heath, Bailrigg in Lancaster, Infinity Garden Village in south Derbyshire, St Cuthberts near Carlisle and North Cheshire.
Combined with seven garden towns and cities already announced, the initiative has the potential to deliver 200,000 properties, the Government said.
MIAMI (WSVN) - Miami-Dade County's mayor and commissioners announced the results of a glowing study on PortMiami's economic impact, Monday, highlighting the returns on the county's major investment.
Mayor Carlos Gimenez said the port is paying off to the tune of hundreds of thousands of jobs and tens of billions of dollars in revenue.
“Now, the Port of Miami is responsible, has an economic impact in our community of over $41 billion, making it the number one economic generator in Miami-Dade County,” Gimenez said at Monday's press conference, “and I know that makes our port director very happy. You're now number one, and it now means that our airport director has something to shoot for.”
The combination of cruise ships and cargo is bringing travelers, merchandise and waves of employment to the port.
“Most of the jobs created here at the Port of Miami average well over $50,000 a year,” the mayor added, “so these are really good, high-paying jobs, and that really is why we invested so much in this port.”
Soon, Royal Caribbean will build its own brand-new terminal, the largest of its kind, in Miami-Dade County. There are also plans for the other terminals, Director Juan Kuryla said.
“We will be working on improving the efficiencies of our cargo yards by installing RTG development system,” Kuryla said. “We are going to be doing new cruise terminals and expanding existing terminals that we have right now at the Port of Miami.”
The port director said 2017 will likely be the first fiscal year that sees 5 million passengers pass through the port.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Bill Cowher: Where Tom Coughlin could stifle Patriots The Jaguars know the formula and the man behind it, now they just have to figure out some way to execute it in Sunday's AFC Championship game. Tom Coughlin coached...
Bill Cowher's advice to Giants on future, which they won't be a part of Bill Cowher is now 11 years removed from coaching, yet their name still often appears on coaching candidate lists when an opening comes up. That particularly rings true with the...
Justin Tuck: Giants have to find 'the Tom Coughlin of today' Former Giants Super Bowl champion Justin Tuck has a clear vision of what they would want in the next Giants head coach. “I would like to see somebody with a...
Bill Cowher on why NFL needs to hear from Colin Kaepernick CBS studio analyst and former Steelers coach Bill Cowher talks Tom Coughlin's new role, Colin Kaepernick's future and two rookie quarterbacks to watch with The Post's Justin Terranova. Q: If...
Bill Cowher on why they stand with Steelers coach Mike Tomlin Former Steelers coach and current CBS studio analyst Bill Cowher talks about Terry Bradshaw's Mike Tomlin rant, the challenge of going against the Chiefs and hope for Brock Osweiler with...
12 potential Jets coaching candidates: One's a Giant familiar face After Monday's 41-10 loss to the Colts, everyone with the Jets is on notice, starting with head coach Todd Bowles. There is no indication yet owner Woody Johnson is looking...
Bill Cowher talks Super Bowl challenge, defense and Cam Newton CBS analyst and Steelers' Super Bowl XLIII winning coach Bill Cowher breaks down the Panthers-Broncos matchup with The Post's Justin Terranova. Q: What is the biggest challenge for a coach...
Why it's so easy for Bill Cowher to resist coaching pull SAN FRANCISCO – For years, whenever the Giants struggled and the issue of Tom Coughlin's job security took front and center, fans always wondered: “What about Bill Cowher?'' After all,...
How competitive is Chan Gailey? Just ask Bill Cowher remembers the first time they played racquetball with Chan Gailey back in the 1990s, when Gailey was Cowher's offensive coordinator with the Steelers. Cowher approached it like a...
San Francisco Giants' Brandon Belt crosses home plate to score a run against the Colorado Rockies during the fifth inning of a baseball game as the Rockies catcher Tony Wolters stands near the plate, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Denver. Jack Dempsey AP Photo
More details have come out, regarding last week's fire at the Nevada County Airport. Airport Manager Lee Ocker says the cause remains under investigation. But they say the blaze did originate in one of three planes inside a hangar partly occupied by Sierra Mountain Aviation. That plane was being worked on by a technician at the time…
click to listen to Lee Ocker
The fire killed 65-year-old John Pichitino, with a woman treated for smoke inhalation. Ocker declined to say whether Pichitino was an employee for Sierra Mountain Aviation. Otherwise, they say much of the contents were saved…
click to listen to Lee Ocker
The other half of the hangar is occupied by Alpine Aviation, where damage was minimal. Ocker says they expect the investigation to be completed in a few days and expects a cause will be determined.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Twitter's controversial China chief leaves company
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Beyonce has sent fans into overdrive amid rampant speculation suggesting they have gone into labour.
The superstar announced they were expecting twins with husband Jay-Z, real name Shawn Carter, in a post on Instagram in February, but they kept details surrounding their due date a secret.
Rumours began swirling on Tuesday alleging the Formation hitmaker has checked into the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) Medical Center, with a source telling The Shade Room officials had started to clear out a whole floor of the hospital so the singer and their family could have some privacy.
Members of the paparazzi also spotted a fleet of SUVs (Sports Utility Vehicles) leaving the couple's Los Angeles mansion, reportedly heading straight to the hospital, while their hair stylist Chuck Amos shared what appeared to be a telling post on Instagram on Tuesday.
“Hang in there, Mama!” they captioned a photo of the two, alongside a yellow heart emoji to express their love for Beyonce, who is already mom to five-year-old daughter Blue Ivy.
Representatives for the parents-to-be have yet to comment on the rumours, but if Beyonce has given birth, it's good timing for Jay-Z, as they are due to become the first rapper inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame during a ceremony in their native New York on Thursday.
The singer indicated they were nearing their due date last month when their mother Tina Knowles-Lawson hosted a lavish bash in honour of the expectant mom. The celebration, held at a private residence in Beverly Hills, California on 20 May, was dubbed the “Carter Push Party”.
Guests included pregnant tennis ace Serena Williams, and Beyonce's Destiny's Child bandmates Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams. Jay-Z was also present for the party.
The hip-hop supercouple wed in 2008.
$11.77
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Related Coverage Driver of car that struck Dixon High student waives first court appearance
JACKSONVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) — Jury selection will begin Monday for the Marine accused of killing a high school student at a bus stop.
Joshua Aaron Block, a 26-year-old staff sergeant at New River, is facing charges of felony involuntary manslaughter and felony passing a stopped school bus.
Troopers said Block passed a stopped school bus on March 27 and hit 16-year-old Dixon High School student David Palacio with their car while Palacio was crossing the road.
Palacio was taken from the scene to Onslow Memorial and died there.
Jury selection starts at 2 p.m., and the plan is for prosecutors to present evidence starting Tuesday morning.
Video of what God is doing. Visit the YouTube channel: Todd White for more
_______________________
facebook comments:
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Households offered first time-of-use energy tariff
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Sign up for Meridian's Free Newsletter, please CLICK HERE
MormonNewsroom.org features stories from its international Newsroom websites to share what leaders and members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints around the world are doing to better the communities in which they live.
Argentina: Church Apostle Offers Instruction to Latter-day Saints
Apostle Elder Gary E. Stevenson also met with Mormons in Argentina and Uruguay. They encouraged them to strengthen their faith in God the Father and Theirs Son, Jesus Christ.
They also met with the youth of the Church and told them they could communicate with God any time and any place.
Read more about their visit on the Argentina Mormon Newsroom website (Spanish).
Ghana: LDS Charities Provides Sight for Thousands
Two Idaho eye specialists worked with LDS Charities to educate up-and-coming eye surgeons to help a community hospital in Ghana.
Dr. Ken Turley and Dr. Kyle N. Klingler have provided technical training for six cataract surgeons, five optometrists and four surgical nurses. LDS Charities provided vital surgical equipment, improving the medical infrastructure of Sierra Leone.
The Ghana Mormon Newsroom website has more information on the benefits to residents.
Cambodia: Food Is Delivered to Help Relieve Suffering
Tons of food and supplies were donated to people in the outlying provinces of Kampong Thom and Svay Rieng, Cambodia. Those areas have suffered the hardship of drought and a ravaged rice production.
LDS Charities provided rice, noodles, oil and sauce to more than 1,200 families. Their Excellency, Him Chhem, Senior Minister of Cults and Religion, said the government is grateful for the concern and love always given to the people of Cambodia by the Church.
Go to the Cambodia Mormon Newsroom website to read more about the donation.
Guatemala: Church Helps With Children's Education Campaign
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints encourages its members to seek learning not only in religious studies but also through secular education. Getting an “education is the key to opportunities,” according to a past Church leader, President Gordon B. Hinckley.
The Church helps people of all ages throughout the world achieve their educational goals. In Guatemala, the Mormon faith has participated in the “Cuadernos con corazón” (Notebooks with Heart) campaign with other organizations.
Go to the Guatemala Mormon Newsroom website (Spanish) to learn more.
Costa Rica: Latter-day Saint 8-Year-Old Girl Is an Entrepreneur
An eight-year-old Mormon girl in Costa Rica, under the guidance of their mother, has learned how to be an entrepreneur from the Church's self-sufficiency principles. Luciana Chaves has always been taught the importance of work by their mother, Daniela.
Luciana's creativity resulted in them trying many entrepreneurial ideas such making hair ties and Christmas cards, wrapping gifts and being a gift center for parents who want to hide their children's Christmas gifts. One idea they have tried and really likes is making chocolates.
Read more about Luciana on the Costa Rica Mormon Newsroom website (Spanish).
Japan: Goodies Bring Christmas Joy to 2011 Tsunami Victims
Latter-day Saints assisted the community of Tohoku, Japan. They planted mustard fields and spread Christmas joy to the children. The Christmas giving project started after the devastating earthquake and tsunami in March 2011.
Members of the Osaka Sakai Stake (similar to a diocese) of the Church made 150 sets of school supplies including carrying bags, shoe sacks and lunch bags made from scratch and donated them to an elementary school in Oozuchi. They also packed 300 bags of chocolates, cookies and hard candies and donated them to preschools and kindergartens for Santa Claus to give to the children.
Read more what Mormon Helping Hands volunteers are doing to help on the Japan Mormon Newsroom website (Japanese).
Australia: Mormon Helping Hands Receives Community Environmental Award
Members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Gosford, Australia, a community on the central coast of New South Wales, were honored recently for their work in removing debris and helping with rehabilitating the local environment at Shelley Beach.
The Church's Mormon Helping Hands volunteers of the Gosford Stake (similar to a diocese) were responsible for the ongoing work cleaning the beach.
Go to the Australia Mormon Newsroom website to read a community leader's comments about the Church's efforts.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — After a late start to the planting season, Minnesota farmers are making good progress.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture says above-average temperatures last week aided crop development, while scattered showers had little impact on planting and hay-cutting.
Minnesota's spring wheat is 93 percent planted — that's two days ahead of the five-year average. Corn is also 93 percent planted, one day ahead of average.
TUSTIN, CA--(Marketwired - Oct 6, 2017) - Freeze Tag ( OTC : FRZT), a leading creator of mobile social games, today announced the company has reached significant milestones in its corporate restructuring and future growth plans.
"We have successfully executed a reverse split effective October 5, 2017," said Craig Holland, CEO of Freeze Tag. "We're also excited to announce we are very close to finalizing our merger transaction with Munzee Inc."
The CEO of Freeze Tag indicated corporate actions have taken place or will soon be effective:
1. The reverse split of FRZT stock (1:100) was published on the Daily List on October 4, 2017 by FINRA, and became effective at the open of the market on October 5, 2017.
2. Temporarily, as a result of the reverse split, Freeze Tag stock will be trading under the symbol "FRZTD" symbol for 20 trading days. After the 20-day period has expired, the stock symbol will return to FRZT.
3. Beginning October 5, FRZT stock can be traded at the new stock share price reflected post the reverse split. There is no hold or freeze on the trading of FRZT shares during this 20-day period, or beyond.
4. The merger with Munzee Inc. is proceeding very well. The estimated date of closing the merger is October 18, 2017.
The Freeze Tag CEO indicated that more news will be coming shortly as the merger transaction is finalized, product roadmaps are reviewed and future plans are solidified for the newly combined company.
About MUNZEE Inc.
With almost 5 million locations worldwide and hundreds of thousands of players, Munzee is a social platform that blends gamification, geolocation and marketing elements into an experience that rewards players for going places in the physical world. Utilizing QR code and GPS technology, Munzee is able to validate a person's location and provide them points to level up in the various Munzee mobile applications. The Munzee suite of applications includes Munzee, our flagship product, Eventzee, a photo scavenger hunt useful for corporate training and trade shows, and WallaBee, an addictive collecting game with over 2,000 beautifully drawn digital cards.
About Freeze Tag, Inc.
Freeze Tag, Inc. is a leading creator of mobile social games that are fun and engaging for all ages. Based on a free-to-play business model that has propelled games like Pokémon Go and Candy Crush Saga to worldwide success, we employ state-of-the-art data analytics and proprietary technology to dynamically optimize the gaming experience for revenue generation. Players can download and enjoy our games for free, or they can purchase virtual items and additional features within the game to increase the fun factor. Our games encourage players to compete and engage with their friends on major social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. Founded by gaming industry veterans, Freeze Tag has launched several successful mobile games including the number one hit series Victorian Mysteries® and Unsolved Mystery Club®, as well as digital entertainment like Etch A Sketch®. Freeze Tag games have been downloaded millions of times on the Apple, Amazon and Google app stores.
Forward Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial uncertainties and risks. These forward-looking statements are based upon our current expectations, estimates and projections and reflect our beliefs and assumptions based upon information available to us at the date of this release. We caution readers that forward-looking statements are predictions based on our current expectations about future events. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Our actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including but not limited to, our partners continuing to help market the game, and our ability to implement new changes and release them. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statement for any reason.
Rajinikanth's Kaala is arguably the biggest release of the year and has become the talk of the town, thanks to the Superstar's pan-India appeal. It is set to hit the screens on April 7, 2018. However, according to the latest reports, the film is unlikely to release in Karnataka because of Rajini's 'anti-Karnataka' remarks on the Cauvery issue. The film's Karnataka distributor recently told News 18 that they has 'voluntarily' decided against releasing Kaala in Karnataka.
"We held discussions with the film chamber. The chamber has asked all its members to not release the film in the state. We have voluntarily decided not to release the film considering the sentiments of the people in the state. From what we see, it doesn't look like this issue is going to be resolved before the movie releases," added the distributor.
Now, Rajinikanth has broken their silence on the matter. During an interaction with the media, 'Thalaiva' said they do not know why Kaala is being banned in Karnataka and added that the South India Film Chamber should look into the matter.
"I don't know the reason for that (film being banned)," they added.
This is a developing situation and it remains to be seen if Kaala is able to keep its date with the audience. The film has been directed by Pa Ranjith and features Rajini in the role of a gangster/don. Kaala also has Bollywood star Huma Qureshi and veteran actor Nana Patekar in key roles. The lovely lady will be playing Rajini's on-screen love interest while the Bommalattam actor will be essaying the role of a ruthless politician. Judging by the trailer, Patekar has a meaty role in Kaala and might give Rajini a run for theirs money.
Interestingly, Ranjith and Rajinikanth's Kabali had fared well at the box office. As such, fans have high expectations from Kaala. Let us hope that things get sorted out and Kaala turns out to be a commercial success.
Firefighters in Collier County spent hours fighting a six-acre brush fire that threatened eight homes near Collier Boulevard on Monday.
It started around 3:30 p.m. on 3rd Avenue SW in Naples. Officials say high winds caused the fire to double in size in a matter of minutes and it moved over to 1st Avenue SW.
“That's where our largest impact on homes was going to be," said Greater Naples Assistant Fire Chief J. Nolan Sapp.
Crews had the fire fully contained by 6 p.m., with the most intense damage happening on 1st Avenue SW.
No homes were damaged.
“Due to the wind conditions, the dry fuel that we had, the fire doubled in size quickly," Sapp said.
Firefighters said the biggest factor working against them in last week's wildfire and on Monday was the wind.
“The fuel, meaning the materials that's burning, is really dry right now, so it doesn't take a lot of wind to accelerate that fire," Sapp said.
Seeing dozens of fire trucks, bulldozers and a wall of flames outside their homes was something people who live on the two dead-end streets never saw coming.
“I didn't recognize it as my backyard. Mostly just worried about the safety of my home and my dogs at home and my neighbors, of course," said Grant Billings.
“You could see the smoke from the neighbor's back yard, you know, billowing up. Happened really quickly, it just blew up very quickly,” said Rachel Brawley.
The reality that a brush fire was no longer something they heard about on the news hit hard for homeowners living steps away from the fast-growing fire.
“So frightening because you know it's such a force of nature. People running in and grabbing some boxes of just a few momentos or important papers. You know, I can't imagine the terror of that, coming home and either seeing a fire truck in your driveway with their fire hoses out or not having a home at all,” Brawley said.
State fire officials have not released the cause of the brush fire.
Two City Councilmen attacked the MTA on Monday for not keeping them updated on plans to shut down a portion of the L subway line in 2019.
Councilman Antonio Reynoso (D-Brooklyn) said it's been “radio silence” for about six months from the beleaguered agency.
The Council is holding a hearing on the shutdown on Thursday. The MTA has been invited, but Reynoso and Councilman Ydanis Rodriguez said they're uncertain whether the state-controlled authority would send representatives.
“We just wish it wouldn't have to be a hearing to get us updates on what's happening,” Reynoso said.
The MTA responded that's its plans for the L train are an open book.
“We're working collaboratively with New York City DOT and developing a comprehensive plan to mitigate the issues caused by the badly needed L train tunnel repairs in 2019. During the entire process we've made community engagement an essential priority – with 39 community briefings since May 2016 – and that extensive outreach will absolutely continue as we move forward,” said MTA spokesperson Shams Tarek.
Possible mitigation plans previously floated by the MTA do not include installing elevators at two stations currently without them — the 3rd Avenue and 6th Avenue stations in Manhattan, according to Kate Slevin, a vice president with the Regional Plan Association.
A final plan should include those features, they said.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Markets outlook: the big issues facing investors in 2017
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Cowabunga Bay is offering free admission Thursday and Friday for all teachers and students who received good grades.
The water park is offering free entrance for students with three or more "A's" on Thursday from 3 p.m. until 7 p.m. and Friday from 11 a.m. until 7 p.m. To take advantage of the deal students need to bring their most recent report card from their elementary, middle or high school and present it at the ticket booth.
Teachers simply need to show a teacher's ID to get in free. All friends and family can enter the park for $14.99 on the select days.
In addition, Cowabunga Bay's $22.22 deal on Tuesdays begins May 29 and runs until Aug. 7. Admission is $22.22, pizza slices, soft drinks and ICEE's are $2.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
A new theory has emerged about the faceless seal decomposing on a beach near Morro Bay.
What was thought to be an elephant seal attacked by a shark is more likely to be a sea lion poisoned by toxic algae in the food chain, according to a veterinary medical epidemiologist who corrected their original theory after they visited the corpse on Sunday.
Seals can become listless and disoriented after eating fish that have eaten toxic algae. The Marine Mammal Center has rescued 70 sea lions since July 1 with this condition.
William Goodger, a docent with Friends of the Elephant Seal, originally thought the faceless creature was an elephant seal and attributed the lack of flesh on its face to a shark attack. But, after further consideration, they questioned the hypothesis and decided to venture to the beach south of Toro Creek for further analysis with direct observation.
“This seal has larger front flippers than an elephant seal. The confirmation (that it is a sea lion) was there were no nails on the front flipper and rear flippers had nails, which is the opposite of elephant seals,” Goodger said.
As for the lack of flesh on the seal's head?
“Either the birds (after death) or a shark (while still alive) may have done some damage to the face,” Goodger said.
A busy junction ground to a halt after a collision between a car and a tipper truck.
Emergency services were called to the crossroads in the middle of Standish after the incident involving a blue Ford Focus and a red skip loader just before noon on Friday.
Following the impact the car ended up colliding with the railings outside Winnard and Brown estate agents.
A 50-year-woman who was in the car was trapped in their vehicle and had to be rescued by the fire and ambulance services.
They were checked over by paramedics but had sustained no injuries.
The driver of the truck was also unhurt.
The incident, where High Street, Market Street, Preston Road and School Lane all meet, caused some disruption to motorists travelling in the middle of the day.
Rectory Lane was blocked for a time with emergency services vehicles as crews helped the woman and made the scene safe.
Officers from Greater Manchester Police (GMP) directed traffic around the scene, which was still ongoing at around 12.45pm.
Choosing the right digital channel for your small business will greatly improve the likelihood of successfully reaching your audience. A new infographic from Connext Digital provides a guide to choosing the digital channel that is right for you.
“A Guide To Choosing The Best Digital Channel For Your Business” looks to help businesses maximize their marketing dollar so they can get the best ROI.
Advertisement
How to Choose a Digital Marketing Channel
Achieving the best ROI is especially important for small businesses with limited marketing budgets. But the wonderful thing about the digital ecosystem is there are ways to maximize your marketing efforts no matter what free, DYI or paid tools are at your disposal.
Rob Fitzgerald, the Founder and CEO of Connext Digital says, “The digital channel you choose should largely depend on the type of your business, the kinds of customers you're targeting, and your overall business goals. Before picking the channel that fits your business best, it's important to familiarize yourself with the various digital marketing channels available.”
Email
With returns on investment of up to 4,300 percent, email is a digital channel used regularly by all demographics at different levels. Once you begin engaging with your customers using email, you can improve conversion rates and sales, identify better-quality leads, lower marketing costs and integrate your efforts with other channels.
Display Ads
When properly deployed, display ads can deliver great returns. Native ads with rich media like images or videos can drive up to 60 percent more conversions than those without. With 64 percent of respondents saying ads are annoying or intrusive, you have to be selective.
Mobile In-App Advertising
Mobile ad spend is growing at a very fast rate, and in-app advertising is one way to get your message out. Whether through gaming, video, images, social media or blogs, you can use apps to place ads strategically without being too obtrusive or with the consent of users.
Social Media Marketing
With billions of global users, marketing on social media can yield great returns. The key according to Fitzgerald, is to target customers with interests related to your business.
SMS
With open rates as high as 98 percent, SMS can be used to inform, update and market to your audience affordably. It can be used to direct customers to your digital or brick and mortar outlets.
SEO
According to Context Digital, 93 percent of digital experiences begin with a search on Google, Bing or another search engine. So implementing SEO techniques to make your business easy to find on the major search engines makes sense. By optimizing your online presence with SEO, you can get more clicks to your website, store, blog or other digital channel.
Using these digital channels for your business will deliver results, but according to Fitzgerald, they have to go hand in hand with other considerations. These include setting clear business objectives, being aware of your brand, accurately targeting your audience, knowing the limitations of your budget and understanding the capabilities of the talent you have available, to name a few.
You can take a look at the infographic below for more details.
What can we expect from the second annual Oktoberfest?
More. More food, more art, more music, more vendors and more activities.
The free festival, which runs from Friday, Oct. 13, through Sunday, Oct. 15, will take up more of Main Street than it did last year, when organizers say 8,000 people visited downtown Harrodsburg. Last year, the festival covered about two city blocks. This year, it will run from the Mercer County Judicial Center and block the Main Street–Lexington Street intersection.
Even with all that room, Oktoberfest will be packed with things to do. In addition to six food trucks, there will be art provided by artists from the Arts Council of Mercer County. Next to Olde Towne Park on Main Street, there will be a 40 ft. by 40 ft. tent, a Bavarian-themed Fest Haus for the grown ups. But kids won't be left out. There will be a kids fun zone in front of the Judicial Center.
There will also be plenty of beers on tap. Nineteen to be exact, including offerings from Harrodsburg's own Lemons Mill Brewery.
New this year is a 5-K run/walk on Main Street. The race begins at 9:30 a.m. on Saturday, Oct. 14.
The Harrodsburg First Main Street Program, who are the principal planners of Oktoberfest, are still looking for sponsors and volunteers. For more information, call Harrodburg First at 734-6811 or visit them online at downtownharrodsburg.com/oktoberfest.html.
Harrodsburg First has a lot riding on the success of this year's Oktoberfest. The organization's yearly budget is only $116,100, and they are investing almost $40,000 into this year's festival, nearly twice what was spent last year.
The first Oktoberfest won an award from the Kentucky Main Street Program for Best Main Street Promotion. While it was successful and even won the approval of local vendors who had initially opposed it, the festival did not make any money.
Harrodsburg First Treasurer Allen Goldie said as long as the weather is good, they should have no trouble turning a profit, even after making such a large investment.
“It's going to be great,” Goldie said.
The organizers have gotten a lot more help this year, including a $5,000 sponsorship from Kentucky Eagle as well as $10,000 from the City of Harrodsburg and assistance in advertising the event from the Harrodsburg-Mercer County Tourist Commission.
After Oktoberfest, the members of Harrodsburg First won't have much of a chance to catch their breaths. They are also planning the annual Spooktacular parade on Saturday, Oct. 28, and the Night of the Great Pumpkin on Tuesday, Oct. 31. There is also Small Business Saturday on Nov. 28 and the annual Christmas Parade on Dec. 1.
Friday
Oktoberfest kicks off with the traditional blessing of the kegs. At 5 p.m., the taps will open and Becci Loomer and Bob Stange, better known as B Squared, will play classic country, rock and pop hits on the main stage. At 7 p.m., there's original honky tonk from Johnny Berry and the Outliers of Louisville, who played Oktoberfest last year. Closing out the first day's festivities is Conch Republic, a beach band from Lexington.
Saturday
Saturday kicks off with a 5-K run/walk on Main Street. The race begins at 9:30 a.m. on Saturday, Oct. 14. Registration is $20 and includes a T-Shirt and awards. For more information, visit runsignup.com/Race/KY/Harrodsburg/HarrodsburgOktoberfest5k.
The music starts at 11 a.m. with the duo Evces and White of Danville, followed by Funkabilly, an authentic soul review from Richmond, at 1 p.m. Brown 2 The Bone, a band made up of UPS employees who tour in support of MERF, the Musicians' Emergency Relief Foundation, will take the stage at 4 p.m.
At 6 p.m., LCD, a trio composed of guitarist Ben Lacy and rhythm section Corey Cross and Dwight Dunlap will take the stage. At 9 p.m., the headliners, Soul Review, led by Harrodsburg singer Jessica Browning, will close out the night.
Sunday
Dogtoberfest. Bring your pets downtown and join in the fun. Dress up your dog—preferably in lederhosen or dirndls—and win awards judged by the crowd.
The music kicks off with ​​Danville singer-songwriter Michael Evces at 11 a.m., followed by local favorite Blue Groove Jazz at 1 p.m. Power Play will close the festival at 2:30 p.m.
To learn more, check out this week's issue of The Harrodsburg Herald.
RTÉ rugby analyst Donal Lenihan believes the IRFU's policy of centrally contracting players gives Ireland head coach Joe Schmidt a major advantage over other teams in the Six Nations.
Ireland completed a hugely impressive Grand Slam with a convincing win over England at Twickenham on Saturday and much has been made of the decline of the English team in the aftermath of that game.
One of the reasons given for the English slump is player burn-out, with a hectic club schedule and a tightly packed Lions' Tour all being cited as factors in the form of some of their biggest names.
Lenihan believes that the IRFU and Schmidt are able to avoid such issues because of the amount of control they can exercise over their players at club level thanks to their use of central contracts.
Under the scheme, the IRFU pays the contracts of provincial players but gets to decide when those players are available for their clubs and when they should be rested.
Clubs in England weld much more power than the RFU when it comes to selecting when players are available and when they're rested and, for Lenihan, this is a factor in England's current form.
"If everybody could turn the clock back to 1995, they would implement the system that we have" pic.twitter.com/i8NbzBp6Oj — RTÉ Rugby (@RTErugby) March 19, 2018
"They're talking about England and some of their players being tired after the Lions and all that," they said on RTÉ2's Against the Head.
"That is the beauty of our system, we only have the four teams but this player welfare system in Ireland, it maximises the benefits of the players.
"Somebody game me a stat over the weekend that Maro Itoje had played six games for Saracens before we had some of our Lions back.
"The bottom line is, we have an advantage because all of our players are contracted to the union and we use it to get the best out of what we have. We shouldn't apoligise for that."
Lenihan believes that if the RFU had their time over again, they would implement a central contract system and lessen the power of the clubs.
"If everybody could turn the clock back 20-odd years to 1995, they would implement the system that we have with central contracting."
Bernard Jackman echoed Lenihan's comments and claimed that Joe Schmidt's opposite numbers at England and Wales would love to be in a similar position to the Ireland boss when it comes to the level of control they have over their squad.
"It's the envy of Eddie Jones today and Warren Gatland doesn't have that level of control over their regional players."
Melania Trump, right, looks on as their husband President-elect Donald Trump talks to reporters during a New Year's Eve party at Mar-a-Lago, Saturday, Dec. 31, 2016, in Palm Beach, Fla. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci)
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on President-elect Donald Trump (all times EST):
2:10 p.m.
President-elect Donald Trump is showing little sign of forgiving their critics as they prepare to move into the Oval Office.
The incoming president tweeted Monday that, "Various media outlets and pundits say that I thought I was going to lose the election. Wrong..."
They continued: "I thought and felt I would win big, easily over the fabled 270" electoral votes.
Trump's continued focus on their unexpected Nov. 8 victory comes as they work behind closed doors to shape their new administration. He's set to be sworn into office in just 18 days.
Trump also complained Monday about a cover photo used in a new book released by CNN. They tweeted, "Hope it does well but used worst cover photo of me!"
___
1 p.m.
President-elect Donald Trump is taking a dig at Rahm Emanuel, Chicago's mayor and President Barack Obama's former chief of staff.
The nation's third largest city had 762 homicides in 2016 — the most in two decades and more than the largest cities, New York and Los Angeles, combined. The Chicago Police Department says the city had 1,100 more shootings last year than in 2015. The statistics have put Chicago at the center of a national dialogue about gun violence.
Trump on Monday noted the spike in shooting deaths on Twitter. They wrote, "If Mayor can't do it they must ask for federal help!"
Emanuel did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
___
8:10 a.m.
Incoming White House press secretary Sean Spicer is defending cryptic comments by President-elect Donald Trump that they know "things that other people don't know" when it comes to allegations of Russian hacking.
Spicer tells Fox News Channel's "Fox & Friends" that Trump is getting national security briefings "on a daily basis" and "there doesn't seem to be conclusive evidence" Russians were behind the hacking of Democratic emails during the election.
Spicer also dismissed on Monday a report released by the FBI and Homeland Security Department supporting the accusations against Russia, calling it a "how-to" manual on basic cybersecurity for Democrats.
In an interview on NBC's "Today Show," Spicer said President Barack Obama only punished Russia after Democrat Hillary Clinton lost the election and that the recent sanctions were politically motivated.
Trump has said they will get a briefing from U.S. intelligence officials this week.
Last night's Teen Choice Awards featured a jungle-themed performance of the new single “Unforgettable” by French Montana and Rae Sremmurd‘s Swae Lee. Lee was later joined by their brother Slim Jxmmi to deliver Rae Sremmurd's massive Number One single “
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: See Rae Sremmurd, French Montana's Safari-Themed Teen Choice Awards Set
…read more
Via:: Rolling Stone
This story is about Published 1h
Why ESPN analyst Mike Schmitz says Mavs got the NBA draft's 'best basketball player' in Luka Doncic Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Jae S. Lee/Staff Photographer Mavericks guard/forward Luka Doncic talks with the media after a Dallas Mavericks NBA Summer League practice at the Mavericks' training facility in Dallas, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. (Jae S. Lee/The Dallas Morning News)
By Selby Lopez , Staff Writer Contact Selby Lopez on Twitter: @LopezSelby31
(Editor's note: This post was originally published June 22, 2018.)
Dallas and Atlanta made possibly the biggest trade in the NBA draft in swapping the fifth and third picks. The Hawks selected Luka Doncic with the third pick, who will be going to Dallas and the Mavs selected Trae Young with the fifth pick and shipped them to Atlanta. Dallas followed by selecting Villanova guard Jalen Brunson with the 33rd pick. Then the Mavs made another trade, shipping the 53rd pick to the Philadelphia 76ers for the 56th and 60th picks. Dallas selected Louisville forward Raymond Spalding with the 56th pick and Dayton forward Kostas Antetokounmpo, brother of Milwaukee Bucks All-Star Giannis Antetokounmpo's brother, with the 60th pick. Here is what NBA draft analysts had to say about the Mavs' draft day selections. Luka Doncic, Slovenia (Real Madrid) 6-8, 225, 19 years old, SG/SF ESPN analyst Mike Schmitz: To me, Luka Doncic is the best basketball player in this draft. The childhood prodigy whose lived up to the hype and has a perfect game suited for the modern NBA. 6-foot-8, 230 pounds, their game really pops in transition.
Now he's not a Ben Simmons caliber athlete, but there's that same type of excitement when they attack a defensive rebound and pushes in the open floor. In the halfcourt, he's a tactician. In the pick-and-roll, he's outstanding using both sides of the floor.
National reaction to Mavericks securing Slovenian superstar Luka Doncic: Dennis Smith Jr. is a fan
Extremely creative with their deliveries. To me, he's the best passer in this draft and we haven't seen a guard who can pass the ball out of ball screens like them in quite some time. And he's a fearless shot maker... He's fearless, they create space with step-backs going left, going right. He's a big-time shot maker, has no fear and we haven't seen a prospect like Luka Doncic at 19 years old, EuroLeague MVP. To me, this is an absolute steal for the Dallas Mavericks. They're getting a guy that could potentially be the best player from this draft. NBA TV analyst David Griffin: This is a guy who is as prolific as you can be at 19 years of age in EuroLeague competition. He's the EuroLeague MVP. There is no higher league outside of the NBA than EuroLeague and they are the very best player in the league on a championship-caliber team. That's a very very rare thing. The NBA's never seen a player coming into the league this accomplished from Europe. They can do a little bit of everything. He's totally different from the typical international player and then they really wants to do everything off the dribble. He's a step-back three guys, he's not a catch-and-shoot three guys. He's an incredibly versatile player in terms of their ability ala James Harden really. He's got a big midsection, they play at their own pace, he's going to get into the center of the lane and then make the pass over the top. Has really elite feel for that aspect of the game, but you're not going to rush him, you're not going to speed them up, so people really like that. And agian, like all of these kids we're talking about, they have a very long way to go on the defensive end and their body has a long way to go. So people are excited about the here and now and they're excited about the ceiling.
NBA draft profile: Can Dirk Nowitzki pass the torch to another Euro in Luka Doncic?
NBA TV analyst Seth Davis: And again I just love that they have done it, against men, on the big stage with the bright lights, with a lot at stake. A lot of these younger American players can't say that they've been able to do that. Because he's been so visible from such a young age, I think he's being picked apart a little bit in this sort of pre-draft process. He's ticketed for, I think, stardom in this league in an era where offense reigns supreme, they have the perfect skill set to be a high-level success. NBA TV analyst Steve Smith: You're supposed to be picked apart when you're a high draft pick and I think they would take it, like you said, being the third pick. I love [the pick] because he's fundamentally sound. When you start talking about a guy that can pass, that can dribble and has a good feel for the game, that's him. The only thing you're questioning right now is something that they can work on a little bit, they have to get in better shape. They don't have a lot of foot speed, so that's the reason why I would love to see them playing more of the 3-4 instead of out of the gates as a point guard. And if they hold true and he's going to Dallas, now we get the chance to see him, because they already have Dennis Smith [Jr.], they just have playmakers out there, they can play positionless basketball. What they can do is play the game the right way. They can find people, they can shoot it, and they have a big body.
Jalen Brunson, Villanova, 6-3, 190, 21 years old, PG NBA TV analyst Steve Smith: What can you say? He's a college player of the year, they get to go to a great fit for me. Will they play behind Dennis Smith? Yes, possibly. But they also can play alongside of him, you can have both of those guys playing together. NBA TV analyst Casey Stern: It'll be interesting too because I want to see the practice with Brunson and J.J. Barea going opposite one another, you want to talk about bulldogs? He's going to feel right at home-- and Dennis Smith-- that's going to be one hell of a group. We know Rick Carlisle, how good they are.
What impressed the Mavericks about point guard Jalen Brunson, the 33rd pick in the NBA draft
ESPN analyst Jay Bilas: Well Jalen Brunson is mature and they are a winner and an excellent point guard. Another guy who's not going to stand out because of how athletic they are. They remind you a little bit of Fred VanVleet that went to Wichita State. They can post up, although that won't be a strength of theirs in the NBA. They know how to play and he's just a winner. Tough-minded, can shoot it and their efficiency on the floor, they just keeps getting better and better and I'm not sure that I've come across a more mature player in the course of my years in college basketball and as good as a leader. There's a reason why Villanova won and they won in large part because of Jalen Brunson. ESPN analyst Chauncey Billups: He's just a winner, that's the best thing that I can possibly say about a kid. Reminds me a lot of Tyus Joneses. Just very crafty, has every skill, can post a guy up, he's very patient out there, but at the end of the day, you just want a guy that's going to lead and win and not care anything else about anything else that goes on.
Tiger Woods confidant remembers them at their lowest Notah Begay III, Golf Channel analyst and Tiger Woods confidant, speaks with The Post's Justin Terranova about managing expectations, Woods' low point and fans' love of him. Q: What are...
Tina Cervasio talks about new jobs and what they learned from MSG exit “Sports Xtra” host and FOX 5 sports anchor Tina Cervasio talks with The Post's Justin Terranova about their new jobs, their MSG Network exit and their memories of Red Sox...
Jim Duquette talks Matt Harvey and oft-criticized Mets spending SiriusXM analyst and former Mets GM Jim Duquette talks with The Post's Justin Terranova about Mickey Callaway behind the scenes, Matt Harvey possibilities and whether the fan base treats this...
Kevin McHale on Larry Bird and all things NBA Turner analyst and former Celtics great Kevin McHale talks with The Post's Justin Terranova about their interview with Larry Bird that will air Monday at 9 p.m. on NBA TV....
Eagles are better than Patriots and it won't matter: Chris Simms NBC Sports analyst and former NFL quarterback Chris Simms talks about the Eagles' talent edge and why it won't matter, their 18 months working for Bill Belichick and the Kirk...
Knicks' new play-by-play man reveals long road to dream job Knicks' radio play-by-play man Ed Cohen explains how and when they landed the gig with The Post's Justin Terranova. Cohen will make their debut on Knicks' TV on MSG Network...
Jeff Van Gundy on LaVar Ball, Cavs' trade dilemma and a 'foregone conclusion' ESPN analyst and former Knicks coach Jeff Van Gundy talks the LaVar Ball/ESPN relationship, the Cavs' trade dilemma and the NBA title being a foregone conclusion with The Post's Justin...
Mike Emrick on the challenges and the majesty of the Winter Classic Hockey Hall of Fame broadcaster Mike “Doc” Emrick chats with The Post's Dave Blezow about the 2018 Winter Classic between the Rangers and Sabres at Citi Field (Monday, 1 p.m.,...
Ernie Johnson: Christmas game with Barkley, Shaq and Kenny will be different TNT will have its studio team of Ernie Johnson, Charles Barkley, Kenny Smith and Shaquille O'Neal call the Timberwolves-Lakers game on Christmas night. Johnson talks about that and more with...
OMAHA, Neb. (AP) — Warren Buffett's company nearly quadrupled its investment in Apple to over 57 million shares during the last three months of last year.
Berkshire Hathaway Inc. filed a quarterly update on its U.S. stock portfolio with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday. Besides the Apple move, Berkshire also revealed a new stake in Monsanto.
Investors like to look at Berkshire's investments because of Buffett's remarkably successful track record although the filing doesn't make clear who made all the investments.
Buffett surprised many people last fall by disclosing new investments in American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, United Continental and Southwest. Berkshire added to the investments in American and United.
Besides investments the Omaha, Nebraska-based Berkshire owns more than 90 subsidiaries, including insurance, utility and jewelry firms.
All contents © copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Nocona's Karlee Brown competes in junior barrels during the 65th Annual Chisholm Trail Rodeo on Friday; Brown recorded a time of 17.445 seconds. (News photo by Eric Viccaro)
The Tigers quickly took the lead in the bottom of the sixth, loading the bases against Cam Bedrosian (1-1) on a single, a walk and a hit by pitch. Greyson Greiner struck out, but Iglesias lined a two-run single to centre to put Detroit ahead 3-1.
Louis Coleman (2-0) got the win with 1 1/3 innings of relief.
YANKEES 5, ASTROS 3
NEW YORK (AP) — Luis Severino struck out 11 in seven overpowering innings, beating longtime Yankees nemesis Dallas Keuchel for the second time this year.
Gary Sanchez snapped an 0-for-19 slump with a two-run single and the Yankees took two of three from the reigning World Series champions this week to win the season series 5-2.
Severino (8-1) allowed four hits, including Max Stassi's two-run homer, and walked one in winning their sixth consecutive decision. Aroldis Chapman got three outs for their 12th save.
After dominating the Yankees for years, Keuchel (3-7) dropped their third straight start against them — including the playoffs. The left-hander gave up four runs and seven hits in five-plus innings.
NATIONALS 2, ORIOLES 0
BALTIMORE (AP) — Max Scherzer pitched eight innings of two-hit ball to earn their eighth consecutive victory, Bryce Harper hit their 18th homer and the Nationals finished a three-game series sweep.
Scherzer (9-1) struck out 12, walked one and retired 24 of 27 batters. Sean Doolittle gave up two singles in the ninth, but notched their 13th save.
Washington has won six straight overall and 10 in a row on the road, the team's longest run since moving from Montreal in 2005.
Baltimore rookie David Hess (2-2) gave up one run and four hits over six innings.
PIRATES 2, CUBS 1
PITTSBURGH (AP) — Joe Musgrove pitched seven strong innings for Pittsburgh, and their hard slide led to both teams emptying their benches in another tense moment in the series between NL Central rivals.
Musgrove (2-0) helped stop the Pirates' four-game losing streak, permitting one run and seven hits. They also slid hard into second baseman Javier Baez to break up a potential double play in the third inning.
No punches were thrown as both teams milled around the infield and there were no ejections.
The Cubs had won three in a row. Chicago's Kyle Hendricks (4-4) surrendered two runs and seven hits in five innings.
INDIANS 9, WHITE SOX 1
CLEVELAND (AP) — Corey Kluber pitched six shutout innings and reached eight victories before any AL pitcher as Cleveland rolled to its fifth straight win.
Spotted a nine-run cushion after four innings, Kluber (8-2) had little trouble with baseball's worst team. The defending AL Cy Young Award winner allowed three hits and struck out 10.
Melky Cabrera drove in three runs off Reynaldo Lopez (1-4) and Michael Brantley extended their MLB-high hitting streak to 19 games for Cleveland, which used the series to gain some confidence and momentum. The Indians have scored 43 runs during their win streak.
BREWERS 3, CARDINALS 2
MILWAUKEE (AP) — Alex Reyes pitched four scoreless innings for St. Louis in their return from Tommy John surgery, but Orlando Arcia hit a tiebreaking RBI single in Milwaukee's two-run seventh
Making their first major league appearance since Sept. 29, 2016, Reyes allowed three hits, struck out two and walked two.
With two out and runners on first and second, Arcia stopped a 0-for-15 slide with a base hit against Sam Tuivailala (1-1).
Jeremy Jeffress (5-0) got the win despite allowing two runs in the top of the seventh. Corey Knebel struck out Jose Martinez for their fifth save.
Christian Yelich homered for the Brewers, and Erik Kratz had two hits and scored a run.
Harrison Bader homered for St. Louis, and Dexter Fowler had three singles.
RED SOX 6, BLUE JAYS 4
BOSTON (AP) — J.D. Martinez hit a tiebreaking two-run homer over the Green Monster, and the Red Sox completed a three-game series sweep.
Martinez tied for the major league lead with their 18th homer, snapping a 2-2 tie in the sixth.
Eduardo Nunez hit a solo homer and an RBI double for Boston, which has won nine of 11 and has the best record in the major leagues at 39-17.
Teoscar Hernandez hit a two-run homer for the Blue Jays, who have lost 13 of 17. Sam Gaviglio (2-1) gave up four runs in six innings.
Eduardo Rodriguez (6-1) struck out seven in 6 2/3 innings for Boston, and Craig Kimbrel got three outs for their 18th save.
METS 4, BRAVES 1
ATLANTA (AP) — Brandon Nimmo and Adrian Gonzalez each drove in two runs, leading the Mets to a sorely needed victory.
Jason Vargas (2-3) pitched five scoreless innings for New York, which had lost seven of nine. Robert Gsellman worked the ninth for their second save.
Atlanta dropped into second place in the NL East, one-half game behind Washington. The Nationals and Braves begin a four-game series at SunTrust Park on Thursday.
Braves starter Julio Teheran (4-3) pitched seven innings of two-run ball.
ROYALS 11, TWINS 8
KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Mike Moustakas and Jorge Soler homered, powering Kansas City to the win.
Moustakas drove in four runs. Soler had four hits for the Royals, who led 9-0 after two innings.
Kevin McCarthy (4-2), the fifth of seven Kansas City pitchers, retired all four batters they faced and earned the victory. Kelvin Herrera worked the ninth for their 12th save.
Twins rookie Fernando Romero (3-2) was tagged for eight runs and nine hits in 1 2/3 innings.
Minnesota slugger Miguel Sano had two hits and three RBIs.
GIANTS 7, ROCKIES 4
DENVER (AP) — Brandon Crawford kept up their May hitting surge by lining a pair of singles, Gorkys Hernandez had a diving catch in centre field to thwart a rally, and the Giants avoided being swept.
Crawford was 2 for 5 with an RBI. He's hitting .412 this month, raising their season average from .189 to .307.
The Giants snapped a three-game skid. Derek Holland (3-6) pitched five innings for the win, and Hunter Strickland worked the ninth for their 11th save.
Nolan Arenado hit a three-run homer for Colorado. Harrison Musgrave (0-1) got the loss.
REDS 7, DIAMONDBACKS 4
PHOENIX (AP) — Adam Duvall's grand slam erased an early four-run deficit, and Cincinnati rallied for the victory.
Scott Schebler added a tiebreaking two-run drive in the sixth, helping the last-place Reds salvage the finale of the three-game set. Joey Votto and Eugenio Suarez each had three hits.
Both of Cincinnati's homers came off Patrick Corbin (5-2), who gave up a season-high six runs and eight hits in six innings.
Paul Goldschmidt and John Ryan Murphy went deep for the Diamondbacks, who have dropped 16 of 20 overall.
Sal Romano (3-6) pitched five innings in their first win since May 4, and Raisel Iglesias got four outs for their ninth save.
DODGERS 8, PHILLIES 2
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Ross Stripling struck out nine over seven strong innings, Matt Kemp homered and drove in four runs, and Los Angeles beat Philadelphia.
Stripling, who pitched out of the bullpen the first month of the season, has 28 strikeouts and two earned runs allowed over their last three outings. Stripling (3-1) gave up a run and four hits to win their third straight start and lower their ERA as a starter to 2.18, with a 1.68 mark overall.
Kemp had an RBI double in the first inning, a two-run home run in the third and a sacrifice fly in the eighth as they recorded their team-leading 16th multi-hit game and second in two nights. Their two hits moved them into the National League lead with a .345 batting average.
Phillies starter Zach Eflin (1-2) lasted just four innings, giving up five runs and seven hits. Nick Williams homered for Philadelphia, their sixth of the season and second in two games.
PADRES 3, MARLINS 2
SAN DIEGO (AP) — Pinch-hitter Hunter Renfroe's infield single in the ninth inning led to two runs when third baseman Miguel Rojas followed with a throwing error, lifting San Diego past Miami.
Closer Brad Ziegler (0-5) coughed up a one-run lead when they loaded the bases with one out. Renfroe hit a chopper to Rojas, who was charging. They double-clutched their throw, which was low to first baseman Justin Bour. When the ball skipped away from Bour, Freddy Galvis came home with the winning run.
Matt Strahm (1-2) got the win for working the final two innings.
The Marlins lost for the 14th straight start by Jose Urena, a franchise record, which included 12 from this year.
RANGERS 7, MARINERS 6
SEATTLE (AP) — Robinson Chirinos' tiebreaking two-run double in the seventh inning capped another late-inning rally, lifting Texas past Seattle.
The Rangers did damage in back-to-back nights against a wild and ineffective Seattle bullpen, which surrendered five runs in the sixth and seventh innings.
Delino DeShields (walk) and Shin-Soo Choo (single) reached base for Texas to open the seventh against right-hander Ryan Cook. Two batters later, Nomar Mazara greeted left-hander Marc Rzepczynski with a sharp two-run single to centre field to tie the game at 5-all.
Rzepczynski (0-1) walked Jurickson Profar and Joey Gallo before they were pulled.
Against Juan Nicasio, Seattle's third pitcher of the inning, Chirinos lined a hit off Ryon Healy's glove at first base, easily scoring the go-ahead runs.
Tony Barnette (1-0) picked up their first win of the season in relief of Matt Moore. Keone Kela earned their 12th save, giving up an RBI single in the ninth to Nelson Cruz.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By The Associated Press
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Jun 14, 2017
LOS ANGELES — A Bachelor in Paradise contestant says she's a “victim” of undisclosed events that led to production of the reality show being put on hold.
In a statement Wednesday, Corinne Olympios said they have hired an attorney and is seeking therapy to deal with what they called the physical and emotional trauma they experienced.
"I am a victim and have spent the last week trying to make sense of what happened on June 4," the model told TMZ.com. "Although I have little memory of that night, something bad obviously took place, which I understand is why production on the show has now been suspended and a producer on the show has filed a complaint against the production."
Warner Bros., the company behind ABC's Bachelor in Paradise, a spin-off of The Bachelor, suspended production and sent contestants home while it investigates allegations of misconduct on the set in Mexico.
Warner Bros. also said it plans appropriate action depending on the outcome.
The studio didn't provide further details and declined comment Wednesday on Olympios' statement.
Bachelor in Paradise planned to air its fourth season this summer.
- With Files From Postmedia Network
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Trump, Putin, Xi and the rise of nostalgic nationalism
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
PHILADELPHIA, PA--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - Aevi Genomic Medicine, Inc. ( NASDAQ : GNMX) (the Company) announced that it will host an Investor Day with senior management and key opinion leaders to discuss AEVI-001 and opportunities in the ADHD market. The event will be held at the NASDAQ Market Site in New York City on Wednesday, February 22, 2017 with breakfast beginning at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time and speaker presentations beginning at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time.
The event will include presentations by key opinion leaders including; Hakon Hakonarson, M.D., Professor of Pediatrics at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine and Director of the Center for Applied Genomics, The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia (CHOP) and Jonathan E. Posner, M.D., Associate Professor of Psychiatry at Columbia University Medical Center.
A live webcast of the presentation and slide deck will be available via the Company's Investor Relations website at http://edge.media-server.com/m/p/e2t4gi7f. Following the live webcast, an archived version will be available on the website until August 22, 2017.
About Aevi Genomic Medicine, Inc.
Aevi Genomics Medicine, Inc. is dedicated to unlocking the potential of genomic medicine to translate genetic discoveries into novel therapies. Driven by a commitment to patients with pediatric onset life-altering diseases, the company's research and development efforts leverage an internal genomics platform and an ongoing collaboration with the Center for Applied Genomics (CAG) at The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia (CHOP).
Forward-looking Statements
This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which include all statements other than statements of historical fact, including (without limitation) those regarding the Company's financial position, its development and business strategy, its product candidates and the plans and objectives of management for future operations. The Company intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors created by such laws. Forward-looking statements are sometimes identified by their use of the terms and phrases such as "estimate," "project," "intend," "forecast," "anticipate," "plan," "planning, "expect," "believe," "will," "will likely," "should," "could," "would," "may" or the negative of such terms and other comparable terminology. All such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Should any of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of the Company's assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may differ materially from those included within these forward-looking statements. Accordingly, no undue reliance should be placed on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. The Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in the Company's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statements are based. As a result of these factors, the events described in the forward-looking statements contained in this release may not occur.
Actress and TV host Sarah Jane Dias, who has acted in movies such as Angry Indian Goddesses and web series Inside Edge say taking up challenging roles and putting yourself in uncomfortable situation is the best way to find yourself in life. In an interview to IANS, Sarah talked about being in web series and how it has helped them grow. Sarah said, "I have read this very often and I firmly believe, the only way to grow is to put yourself in to an uncomfortable situation and challenge your fears."
"When I first started doing web series, it was a completely new phase to me. My first one was 'Inside Edge'. In a way, it was both, comfortable and uncomfortable for me. Comfortable because I was working with reputed companies and uncomfortable because it is a completely a brand-new phase for me." They further added.
Sarah who plays the role of a journalist in the web series Inside Edge said, "web is now so popular, it is so widespread and the demand is so much because consumers are binge watching them.... you have the opportunity to work with a lot of new blood, a lot of new and fresh energies. You are learning not only from the people who are well experienced but also from people who are new and that's a really nice mix for anybody, be it an actor or anybody at any job."
The actor is currently seen on Season 3 of Great Escape alongside musician Vishal Dadlani. The duo travel to the less explored regions of Himachal Pradesh.
UK offshore wind services group 3sun Group has appointed Stephen Rose as chief operating officer, effective from June.
Rose (pictured) is currently head of wind operations for SSE and a director of G+, a global offshore wind health and safety organisation.
“Steve will be key to supporting us refine our product and service offers while looking for new opportunities. This is an exciting appointment for 3sun Group as we move forward preparing for even busier times.”
Rose said: “My current responsibility with SSE is for more than 1000 turbines across 45 sites in the UK and Ireland, both onshore and offshore, so I look forward to leveraging some of my knowledge to further help 3Sun grow and be a success.”
Image: 3Sun
Getty
Lana Wood, the sister of Hollywood legend Natalie Wood, has been one of the leading voices in raising continuing questions about how their sister drowned.
The death of Natalie Wood is gaining new attention now that an investigator has labeled Wood's husband, Robert Wagner, a “person of interest” in the star's 1981 death, which occurred during a night the couple spent on a yacht with the actor Christopher Walken. Wagner has denied any wrongdoing in Natalie's death, which was originally deemed an accidental drowning. CBS News is airing a program on Wood's death on February 3, called Natalie Wood: Death in Dark Water.
Lana Wood, who is also known for their iconic turn as a Bond girl, has led a life filled with tragedy.
Here's what you need to know:
1. Lana Wood Says ‘Somebody Hurt' Natalie & Doesn't Think Robert Wagner Is Telling Everything They Knows
Lana Wood has given television interviews in advance of the CBS program. They told Inside Edition in 2018 that they think Robert Wagner is withholding information.
“Somebody's lying,” Lana Wood told Inside Edition. “Somebody hurt them Somebody's hurting all of us. Stand up and tell me the truth! I know things go bad. I know people lose their tempers! I know bad things happen when you don't want them to. So, stand up and tell me that… Tell me what happened to her.”
According to Lana, they don't believe Wagner's story that Natalie must have drowned while trying to take a dinghy to shore, especially since the boat's campaign, Dennis Davern, now says they heard an argument between Wood and Wagner moments before they disappeared. “She would have never, never in a million years left the boat undressed,” Lana Wood told Inside Edition. “Undressed! They were in a nightgown!”
2. Lana Wood Is a Former Bond Girl
Although Lana Wood's career never reached the heights of their sister's, they did find some measure of their own fame as a “Bond girl” (Robert Wagner's wife Jill St. John, to whom he's been married since 1990, is also a former Bond girl.) They played Plenty O'Toole in the 1971 James Bond movie, Diamonds Are Forever, opposite Sean Connery, with whom they were romantically linked.
According to IMDB, Lana's career started out in Natalie's shadow. They played a baby in Wood's film Driftwood, although the role was cut from the end product, and they played a younger Natalie Wood in the iconic John Ford movie, The Searchers. Lana Wood also starred in a series of well-known TV shows, including Peyton Place. They starred in a series of Hollywood films, and, later, in TV movies.
3. Lana Wood Has Said She's Happy There Are New Developments in Them Sister's Death Investigation
Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department Lieutenant John Corina told CBS's 48 Hours: “As we've investigated the case over the last six years, I think he's (Wagner) more of a person of interest now.” Lana has said she's happy by that development, including the news that Natalie's death is now considered suspicious by authorities.
“All I've ever wanted is the truth – Natalie deserves that,” they said, according to The Sun. “I'm pleased with this development and I'm hopeful that this will help the truth come out and they can finally rest in peace and their family can try to heal. Whether or not that will happen I don't know – but we can try.”
They added that they just wants to know the truth: “The truth is important and this news isn't a minor thing – I don't have to say how important this is. This has been the most pivotal, jarring thing that has happened in my life,” Lana Wood told The Sun.
4. Lana Wood Was Born Under a Different Name to Ukrainian & Russian Immigrants
Lana Wood was born as Svetlana Gurdin in Santa Monica, California, “the younger daughter of Nikolai Stephanovich Zakharenko and Maria Stepanovna Zudilova, émigrés of Ukrainian and Russian descent,” reports IMDB.
The parents barely spoke English and changed the family's last name after they became United States citizens, the site reports. “Both their parents' families fled their Russian homeland following the Communist takeover and the couple met and married in San Francisco,” IMDB reports, adding that Natalie Wood was born Natalia and Lana and Natalie had a half-sister named Olga.
Lana Wood was born on March 1, 1946. Lana was married five times, and four of those marriages ended in divorce and one was annulled, according to UK Daily Mail. They also famously posed for Playboy Magazine. UK Daily Mail alleges that Lana had relationships with Sean Connery, Warren Beatty, and other stars but, in more recent years, had decided to give up on love.
“I went through my whole life wanting to feel I belonged. I was very, very lonely, so I would marry people that I wasn't really in love with, and who weren't right for me, because I hoped they would be,” they told Daily Mail.
5. Lana Wood's Daughter Also Died Young & Lana Has Faced Serious Financial Issues
In 2017, Lana Wood lost their daughter, Evan Maldonado, who died at age 42 on July 18, according to Fox News. (Natalie was 43 when they died). Evan died of a heart attack, according to Fox. They were the daughter of Lana Wood and Edward Maldonado.
Evan was fighting cancer at the time they died. That same year, Lana ended up homeless, living in a motel room with Evan, three grandchildren, two dogs and their son-in-law, according to Inside Edition.
A friend raised more than $38,000 for Lana on GoFundMe, writing in March 2017, “I can hand on heart say that I think Lana is thee most inspirational woman I have met in my life and I admire them greatly for it.  They are the epitome of a strong woman. But all strong women have weak moments, and Lana is no different.”
The page continues: “Lana has been through Bond & Beyond and has been evicted from their home of 7 years and has knowwhere (sic) to go. Lana is currently packing rapidly trying to get their belongings out of the property before the sherrif (sic) locks them out. They also do not have the money to put down for another house. This wouldn't be such an issue if Lana lived on their own, but Lana cares for their whole family, including their daughter (who is dealing with serious health issues and is battling with cancer), grandchildren and the many rescues they have. Everything is on their shoulders at the minute and nobody at Lana's age should be stuck in this position, especially after what they have been through. The stress of this for them is what worries me more than anything. As a friend I cannot watch them go through this on their own. They need our help.”
Diamond magnate Beny Steinmetz among five people questioned over allegations of money laundering and creating fictitious contracts in a foreign country.
Source:: World News
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Jennnifer's Birthday Celebration
Sehban Azim, who is seen as Jennifer's on-screen husband Yash on Bepannaah, shared a few videos on Instagram stories, where they and others were seen celebrating Jennifer Winget's birthday. The actor looked gorgeous in a green dress. They were seen cutting cake with their pet, Breezer, beside her!
Vaishnavi Dhanraj
Vaishnavi Dhanraj, who plays Mahi on Bepannaah, shared a picture of Jennifer and captioned it 'Happy birthday @jenniferwinget1❤️.' - (sic)
Rajesh Khattar
Rajesh Khattar shared a few pictures and wrote, "Pic 1: They : heyy its my birthday .. Me: happy birthday #mayababy Pic 2 : Me : chalo tumhe cake khilaye. Pic 3 : Maya Baby : nahiiiiiiiiiii 😀😂 happy birthday @jenniferwinget1 . Have a year as gorgeous as you . Keep bringing in the sunshine & keep shining like a star. #beyhadh #bepannaah." - (sic)
Aanchal Goswami
Aanchal Goswami posted a picture snapped with the birthday girl and wrote, "Happy birthday prettiest urf humari appi ❤ @jenniferwinget1." - (sic)
Mallika Nayak
Mallika Nayak, who plays Pooja's mother on Bepannaah, shared pictures and wrote, "Blessed Birthday @jenniferwinget1, may you always be blessed with the best in abundance! (I'm sorry darling but just realised that fr some reason I don't have a single off screen pic of us, so had to pick this up from an edit) Lots of hugs and love❤️."- (sic)
Kushan Tandon Wishes Their Maya Aka Jennifer!
Jennifer's Beyhadh co-actor, Kushal Tandon shared a few pictures and wrote, "Happy bday to this lady called @jenniferwinget1 but for me they are my maya , my enemy, my friend , my family , my costar ,Lille bizarre but a sorted soul.... stay blessed you gods child 🌟❤️🤗." - (sic)
Vibha Bhagat
Vibha Bhagat shared a video, in which Beyhadh cast were seen celebrating Jennifer's birthday, and wrote, "Happy birthday 🎁 Darling Jenni @jenniferwinget1." - (sic)
Kavita Ghai
Kavita Ghai shared an adorable picture (collage) and wrote, "If I could give you one thing in life, I would give you the ability to see yourself through my eyes. Only then would you realize how special you are to me.😘😘coz u you arehe best thing that ever happened to me. A daughter is God's way of saying "Thought you could use a life long freind."❤❤ Rain or shine....I will always be here for you @jenniferwinget1." - (sic)
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Italy tightens rules on migrant repatriation after mass arrivals
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
File Photo iStock/Thinkstock(NEW YORK) — April the giraffe finally gave birth to a healthy male calf this Saturday in Harpursville, New York, as over 1 million people watched in real time from around the world on the Animal Adventure Park's livestream.
The internet-famous baby giraffe, however, still does not have a name, according to Jordan Patch, the owner of Animal Adventure Park, who appeared live on “Good Morning America” today to ask for the public's help in naming the calf.
“We're actually going to have the world help us vote on that name,” Patch said on “GMA.” “Our naming contest is up now at nameaprilscalf.com where you can go in and make a monetary donation for the name of choice.”
Patch announced a 10-day campaign in which fans can vote on a name for April's calf for a fee of $1 per vote with a minimum purchase of five votes. The money raised will be used for giraffe conservation efforts, the charity Ava's Little Heroes and also go toward supporting the Animal Adventure Park where April the giraffe and their calf reside.
“Now the neat thing about these funds that we're raising, they're going to be spread out for some great causes,” they explained. “Number one is we're using a portion of them for giraffe conservation in the wild. This partnership along with our partnership with Toys ‘R' Us is making some tangible results for that, and then also we're contributing to a foundation we started here in town to help sick children, called Ava's Little Heroes.”
The Animal Adventure Park's giraffe-cam has captivated nearly 300 million viewers since it launched in February, according to the park. April's nearly 16-month pregnancy culminated this Saturday, when they gave birth to their calf after being in labor for two hours. Them male calf weighs 129 pounds and stands at 5 feet, 9 inches tall.
Both mom and baby are doing “absolutely great,” said Patch.
“Mom had a perfect delivery, perfect birthing,” they added. “She's been a phenomenal mother thus far. Very protective and very encouraging of their calf. He's very outgoing. And Oliver [the dad], usually males have no part in the raising of the young, [but] he's actually been quite inquisitive and getting nose to nose with baby. It's creating some very cute moments.”
Patch said the birth of the new calf is a “huge accomplishment” for Animal Adventure Park.
“We're a relatively young facility. So to have a giraffe calf in our fifth year of being open, that's a big accomplishment for us,” they said. “But on a grander scale is that we've taken the conversation of the silent extinction of giraffes from a very small conversation to a worldwide conversation at dinner tables, coffee shops and classrooms.”
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
LOS ANGELES, CA--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - Gawk, Inc. ( OTC PINK : GAWK), a cloud-based infrastructure-as-a-service company, today announced launch of a new product which provides unprecedented direct message delivery to mobile users and creates a unique, new channel for B2B and B2C users.
GAWK's new Direct Delivery delivers messages directly into the voicemail box of the user without a ring or alert, meaning the user is required to listen to the message in order to learn who it is from and what it is about.
During the product's beta testing, response rates increased by up to 80% due to the increase in percentage of those listening to the message, which means a massive boost to ROI in call campaigns.
GAWK's proprietary software initiates a landline-to-landline session directly with the phone carrier's voicemail system allowing unprecedented reach and deliverability of messages.
Instead of charging on a per call or per attempt basis, GAWK's service charges its customers only for a successfully delivered message into a target's voicemail.
"In an environment where consumers quickly adapt and become immune to new promotion channels, marketers need constantly new tools to deliver their message and improve ROI," commented CEO Scott Kettle. "We are excited about gaining marketshare with this unique and disruptive cloud technology."
For investor inquiries please call (888) 754-6190 Ext. 3 or email IR@gawk.com
For more information about GAWK's OTC Markets publicly traded shares click here
About GAWK, Inc.
GAWK, Inc. offers a suite of cloud communications, cloud connectivity, cloud computing, and managed cloud-based applications solutions to small, medium, and large businesses; and offers domestic and international voice services to communications carriers worldwide. It offers a suite of advanced data center and cloud-based services, including fault tolerant, high availability cloud servers, which comprise platform as a service, infrastructure as a service, and a content delivery network; managed network services that converge voice and data applications, structured cabling, wireless, and security services, as well as include Internet access via Ethernet or fiber at speeds ranging from 10 Mbps to 10 Gbps; and data center solutions, including cloud services, colocation services, and business continuity services, such as storage and security. www.gawk.com
Forward-Looking Statements
All statements in this release that are not strictly historical facts are "forward-looking statements." Such forward-looking statements are based on GAWK's current assumptions, beliefs and expectations, and involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause GAWK's actual results to be materially different from any results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Some can be identified by the use of words such as "expect," "plan," "possibility," "offer," "if," "negotiate," "when," "believe," "will," "estimate," "continue," and similar expressions. Risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to: ongoing and future intellectual property enforcement actions; the ability to successfully litigate or settle claims of patent infringement; GAWK's ability to obtain necessary financing, generate sufficient cash flow, and maintain appropriate indebtedness; and the increasing development of market competition in the area of telecommunications. These factors and others are described in more detail in GAWK's public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the risks discussed in the "Risk Factors" section in GAWK's Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Copies of these reports can be found on GAWK's website (www.gawk.com) under the heading "Investor Relations." GAWK is providing this information as of the date of this release and, except as required by law, does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained herein as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Submitted photo. (Photo: Submitted photo)
Early detection. That's the key to success in the fight against breast cancer. The American College of Radiology recommends that women begin having mammograms at age 40. Baptist Health Care offers a wide variety of mammography services to help women stay vigilant about their health. Services include digital mammography, 3-D mammography, breast ultrasounds, breast MRI, breast ultrasound-guided biopsies and stereotactic breast biopsies.
Mammography
A digital mammogram is a 2-D, X-ray image of the breasts and is the most common type of breast cancer screening. Another option that is becoming more and more popular is the 3-D mammogram. Baptist Hospital was the first in the area to offer 3-D mammograms when they acquired the machine in 2011. They now offer this option at additional locations including Gulf Breeze Hospital and Baptist Medical Park – Nine Mile. 3-D mammography, used along with the 2-D image, offers greater accuracy for earlier and easier detection. It has been shown to improve breast cancer detection by 27-50 percent and reduces false positives by up to 40 percent. Instead of viewing the complexities of breast tissue as a flat image as with a traditional 2-D mammogram, details are more visible and no longer hidden by the tissue above or below. In women with dense breast tissue, the addition of a 3-D mammogram increases cancer detection while reducing false positives. A 3-D mammogram may be the right choice for you. It plays a key role in early detection and offers a clearer, more accurate picture. Most health insurance companies will cover the cost of the service, making this option more affordable.
Ultrasound
A breast ultrasound is primarily done after an abnormality, such as a lump, has been found. It uses sound waves to produce an image of the breast and will help your doctor determine a diagnosis.
MRI
A breast MRI is primarily done in addition to a mammogram or ultrasound to further evaluate abnormalities or determine the extent of a cancer diagnosis. It uses a powerful magnetic field and radio waves to produce a detailed image of the breast.
Biopsies
Baptist offers two different types of biopsies: ultrasound-guided and stereotactic. Ultrasound-guided biopsies use sound waves to help locate the lump or abnormality. The doctor will then remove a tissue sample for examination under a microscope. A stereotactic biopsy works the same way, except that the doctor uses an X-ray to locate the lump instead of an ultrasound.
Baptist Health Care offers a variety of women's imaging services at their many locations:
Baptist Hospital: Digital mammography, 3-D mammography, breast ultrasound, breast MRI, breast ultrasound guided biopsy, stereotactic breast biopsy
Gulf Breeze Hospital: Digital mammography, 3-D mammography, breast ultrasound, breast ultrasound guided biopsy
Baptist Medical Park – Nine Mile: Digital mammography, 3D mammography, breast ultrasound, breast ultrasound guided biopsy
Baptist Medical Park – Navarre: Digital mammography, breast ultrasound
Jay Hospital: Digital mammography
Early detection could save your life. Call 850.469.7500 or visit ebaptisthealthcare.org/imaging for more information on screenings, locations and to schedule your mammogram today.
This story is provided and presented by our advertiser Baptist Health Care.
Members of the editorial and news staff of the USA TODAY Network were not involved in the creation of this content.
Read or Share this story: http://www.pnj.com/story/sponsor-story/baptist-health-care/2017/10/06/breast-cancer-screenings-know-your-options/740190001/
Lindsey Vonn is ready for the Olympics.
With the Pyeongchang Games Opening Ceremony less than a week away, the star downhill skier raced to their 80th World Cup title Saturday, edging out rival Sofia Goggia of Italy by just .02 seconds in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Germany.
It helps set the stage for what is guaranteed to be an intense and entertaining competition in South Korea.
From the Associated Press:
“It's a big number,” Vonn said of their 80 wins, which is just six short of the all-time record set by Swedish great Ingemar Stenmark in the 1980s. “I remember when I got my 50th here, I never thought I would even get close to Annemarie Moser-Proell's record (of 62 wins) and now I am getting close to Stenmark's. It's incredible,” they said. “Also the timing of this win, coming into the Olympics,” Vonn added. “I really feel strong mentally and physically. I never thought in my life I would get 80 wins so it's a big day.”
Despite overcoming a .08 deficit to Goggia late in the race, Vonn was able to pick up enough momentum to snag the win. But this still might not be them best.
More from the AP:
WASHINGTON (AP) — Under pressure all weekend, President Donald Trump on Monday named and condemned hate groups as “repugnant” and declared “racism is evil” in an updated, more forceful statement on the deadly, race-fueled clashes in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump had been under increasing pressure to call out the groups by name after their previous remarks bemoaning violence on “many sides” prompted criticism from fellow Republicans as well as Democrats. The president described members of the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists who take part in violence as “criminals and thugs” in a prepared statement from the White House.
In their remarks they also called for unity.
“We must love each other, show affection for each other and unite together in condemnation of hatred, bigotry and violence. We must rediscover the bonds of love and loyalty that bring us together as Americans,” they said.
Their attorney general, Jeff Sessions, said earlier Monday that the violence in which a car plowed into a group of counter-protesters, killing one person, “does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute.”
They told ABC's “Good Morning America”: “You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation towards the most serious charges that can be brought, because this is an unequivocally unacceptable and evil attack that cannot be accepted in America.”
Sessions said they expect to hear more from Trump on the matter after meeting with them Monday, as well as officials from the FBI. The president added a late-morning meeting with Sessions and FBI director Christopher Wray to their Monday schedule.
“We will not allow these extremist groups to obtain credibility,” Sessions told “CBS This Morning.”
In the hours after the incident on Saturday, Trump addressed the violence in broad strokes, saying that they condemn “in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
In 2017, marketers with digital skills, especially those with digital advertising and content expertise, are the most in demand by employers, according to research from McKinley Marketing Partners.
The report was based on data from a survey conducted in November and December 2016 among 314 marketing professionals who work in a wide range of industries.
Some 56% of respondents whose companies are looking to hire in 2017 plan to look for staff with digital marketing expertise; 35% plan to look for creative services expertise; and 27% plan to look for marketing operations expertise.
Some 24% of digital marketers surveyed say they at least occasionally search for new job opportunities; 27% of creative services professionals surveyed say they at least occasionally search for new job opportunities.
The most in-demand digital marketing areas of expertise with employers are digital advertising, content creation/curation, content strategy, social media, email, and SEO.
The most in-demand creative services areas of expertise with employers are graphic design, Web design, and visual design.
About the research: The report was based on data from a survey conducted in November and December 2016 of 314 marketing professionals across a wide range of industries.
MIAMI (AP) — Authorities say a stowaway on a flight from the Dominican Republic to Miami was spotted emerging from the plane's wheel well and sent back home.
U.S. Customs and Border Protection spokesperson Mike Silva said Monday the man was a Dominican national.
Silva said Miami-Dade Police spotted them exiting the wheel well after American Airlines flight 1026 from Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic, landed Saturday at Miami International Airport.
Police detained the man, whose name wasn't released. Silva said they were medically cleared, processed as a stowaway by federal authorities and returned to the Dominican Republic.
Silva said local and federal authorities searched the plane and cleared it to resume normal operations.
Airline spokesperson Ross Feinstein said the airline was reviewing the incident with Las Americas International Airport officials.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Syracuse takes surviving and advancing to whole new level DAYTON, Ohio — After two hours of haymakers, Syracuse beat Arizona State in the NCAA Tournament's First Four by doing something that, traditionally, has been a challenge for the Orange:...
Jim Boeheim will face off against recruit who once snubbed them DAYTON, Ohio — It's all so strange, the way the Syracuse Orange have evolved. Time was, and not so long ago, they were as big a behemoth as the sport...
Hurley brothers bond was on full display Selection Sunday The moment Dan Hurley waited for all seasons had taken a dark turn. The Rhode Island coach couldn't enjoy their NCAA Tournament watch party until they learned whether theirs older...
What got an Arizona cheerleader booted from rivalry game A University of Arizona cheerleader was ejected from a basketball game after repeatedly yelling at an Arizona State player despite being “asked to please stop,” according to a referee. The...
Arizona State's weird Herm Edwards deal is already a mess If Arizona State choosing ex-Jets coach Herm Edwards to lead its program wasn't weird enough, the details of the partnership were just strange. Edwards, the ex-ESPN analyst who hasn't coached...
The good, bad and ugly of a wild college coaching carousel The carousel felt like it was spinning out of control for a while, but starting with UCLA (Chip Kelly) and ending with Oregon (Mario Cristobal), nearly 20 percent of college...
Herm Edwards expected to be named Arizona State's coach It looks like Herm Edwards will be a head coach again. The former Jets coach is expected to be named the head man at Arizona State when the deal is...
Herm Edwards' coaching career may not be over after all Former Jets coach Herm Edwards could be a head coach again. Edwards has emerged as a serious candidate for the Arizona State job, according to an ESPN report. Edwards posted...
Where everyone landed (or didn't) in the craziest coaching carousel day ever Remember when Chip Kelly spurning Florida for UCLA was big news? It's a footnote now as the silly season, also known as the coaching carousel, went berserk Sunday. Kevin Sumlin...
FORT WORTH, Texas (AP) – Prosecutors dropped a capital murder charge against a Texas man accused in the death of their 2-year-old daughter after investigators learned their then-5-year-old brother said they caused their death, authorities said Thursday.
Anthony Michael Sanders, 33, was accused of smothering their daughter, Ellie Mae, at their home in the Fort Worth suburb of Watauga in 2015. Investigators believed Sanders held their hand over their mouth, possibly out of anger for interrupting their computer games.
Jailed since April 2016, Sanders denied responsibility. They said they found their daughter not breathing after their son reported they wouldn't wake up.
Prosecutors learned in August that the boy, now 7, told their mother they were responsible, the Fort Worth Star-Telegram reported . They didn't believe their son but decided to tell authorities about the claim. Investigators say the boy cried as they told them that they accidentally rolled a heavy pillow onto their sister's face while they played and that they were unable to move it. They said the pillow had something zipped inside that made it heavy.
At one point the child told investigators that they hadn't told anyone else about the circumstances of the death because they were “afraid that they would get in trouble.”
Court records indicate the boy made a reference during a counseling session a year or two ago that they “killed their sister,” but the counselor didn't address the statement and the boy wasn't asked why they said it.
Tim Moore, Sanders' defense attorney, said their client was “elated” that the charge was dismissed.
“He has denied it from the beginning,” Moore said.
An arrest warrant affidavit had stated the girl had bruises on their body and other injuries, but Moore said Sanders isn't responsible and will not face any new charges.
A spokesperson with the Tarrant County district attorney's office said that prosecutors won't discuss the dismissal of the capital murder charge or other aspects of the case at this time.
An official with the Tarrant County medical examiner's office said it was possible for a 5-year-old to overpower a 2-year-old and that the boy's claim that they smothered their sister with a pillow could not be disproven, according to a court filing.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Players said the wait is a bit more manageable now that they know they'll host the Washington Capitals in Game 1 as the quest for the Stanley Cup continues. (Robbie Hunt / FOX5)
They say "the wait is the hardest part" and for the Golden Knights that wait continues until Monday night. But players said the wait is a bit more manageable now that they know they'll host the Washington Capitals in Game 1 as the quest for the Stanley Cup continues.
"Just good to set your mind on a new team right,” Golden Knights goalie, Marc-Andre Fleury said. “We get to be looking at them the next few days. Mentally, you get to start thinking about the game, what it's going to be like. (It's) good to have everything set."
For the second consecutive day, the Golden Knights hit the ice for another high-paced, high intense practice that lasted about 45 minutes. Players said they watched Game 7 of the Eastern Conference Finals and learned a lot about their next opponent.
"They've bought in,” Golden Knights forward, James Neal said. “They're playing as a team, willing to do anything to win, they're physical, can score goals, they have skill: nothing we've seen before."
"They have some really good players obviously who can put the puck in the net and their team can score,” Golden Knights forward, Erik Haula said. “We just have to stick to that team-first mentality."
Vegas went 2-0 against Washington during the regular season, including the first shutout of the season for Marc-Andre Fleury, but the Golden Knights admitted this is not that same group.
"They're a desperate team, they fought to get here and they're hungry," Haula said. “I think everyone is so good at this point. The one thing I think about is, we have to be hungrier than them."
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
The Nipah virus, one of the deadliest infections in the world, has killed 13 people so far. Here's what you need to know.
Health officials are currently working to contain the outbreak, which is the first cluster of infections in south India caused by the brain-damaging virus, according to the World Health Organization. Nipah virus is an emerging infectious disease with no known cure and a case fatality rate of up to 75%. The outbreak was first reported on May 19 in the Kozhikode district of Kerala, and there have been a total of 25 suspected cases so far. Of these, 16 are confirmed and 13 patients have died, including a nurse who had been caring for infected patients at a hospital. According to the Kerala Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the outbreak is localized. However, it has raised concern for many about the potential for Nipah to spread to other parts of the world, becoming a pandemic. Nipah virus was first identified in 1999, after an outbreak among pig farmers in Malaysia, according to the WHO. The natural reservoirs of the virus are the fruit bats of the Pteropodidae family, which are are found in the Eastern hemisphere. There have been annual outbreaks of Nipah in Bangladesh since 2001, and several outbreaks in eastern India. If you've never heard of the Nipah virus before, you are not alone. It is incredibly rare, and there have only been a handful of large-scale outbreaks in South and Southeast Asia in the last 20 years. So what exactly is the Nipah virus, and how does it spread?
Advertisement
Nipah is a zoonotic infection, meaning it is transmitted to humans from animals carrying the disease. "The virus coevolved with bats over millions of years, so it doesn't cause the bats any problems, but the issue is that other mammals can be infected, like pigs or dogs or horses," said Dr. Stephen Luby, an epidemiologist and Nipah expert at Stanford University in Palo Alto, California. When the virus jumps to another animal species, it can make the animals very sick. The virus is thought to spread through the saliva and respiratory secretions or droplets from infected bats. During the Malaysia outbreak, people contracted Nipah from direct contact with infected pigs or their tissues. "In Bangladesh, the virus affected people who ate raw date palm syrup. ... Bats lick the stream of sap and they can shed Nipah in the sap," Luby said. Nipah can also spread from human to human, often in health care settings. "We think that the primary pathway of human-to-human transmission is exposure to respiratory secretions, so family members or other people caring for those sick with Nipah are most likely to get infected," Luby said. Health officials have not confirmed the origin of the Kerala outbreak, but it is spreading between humans. Some outlets have reported that the virus infected people who ate fruit bitten by bats, but there is little evidence to support this. "We have never seen this [infected fruit] as a pathway for Nipah infection," Luby said.
Nipah can be difficult to diagnose because of the wide range of symptoms. Some people may have no symptoms at all, Luby said, while others have flu-like symptoms: fever, fatigue, sore throat, and muscle aches. Symptoms usually begin within a few days of infection and a diagnosis can be confirmed with laboratory testing. Once a diagnosis is made, the only treatment is supportive care — there is no medication or vaccine for Nipah. The virus can lead to inflammation of the brain (encephalitis), which can cause confusion, seizures, coma, or even death. Nipah can also cause a respiratory infection that leads to severe or potentially life-threatening pneumonia, and a portion of those who survive have reported long-term cognitive defects, Luby said. "When the virus goes into the body, it spreads through the bloodstream, it causes widespread vasculitis, and we know it likes to settle in the brain stem and the lungs," Luby said. Vasculitis is an inflammation of the blood vessels. People may have either the respiratory infection, encephalitis, or both. "There's a difference with the strains; some have a tendency to go to the respiratory tract — in this outbreak we are seeing this, and person-to-person transmission, which suggests a respiratory pathway," Luby said. If Nipah virus sounds familiar, that's because it served as inspiration for MEV-1, the deadly virus from the movie Contagion.
Right now, Nipah is not an airborne virus so it can't spread easily and efficiently between people, like the flu or measles can. "Most people who get Nipah do not spread the virus. Only about 1 in 10 people who get Nipah will pass it on to another person," Luby said. Most outbreaks of Nipah are relatively small and localized. "I suspect there's a lot of Nipah in India that goes unreported because many cases are sporadic and not all of them lead to encephalitis," Luby said. "In order for a virus to become pandemic, it needs to spread efficiently from person to person. Nipah is not nearly efficient enough," Luby said. That being said, viruses like Nipah are a concern because of their ability to mutate and jump between species. "Of course, we worry that viruses can change, and it looks to us like different strains of NiV have different capacities, so it's conceivable that a strain changes or there's already one out there more capable of human-to-human transmission," Luby said.
Nipah is on the WHO's priority list of emerging diseases that could cause global pandemics, next to Ebola and Zika. However, does this mean you should lose sleep over it? No, Luby said. The virus might have the potential to mutate at some point in the future and become more likely to spread, but this is not happening right now and there's no reason to panic. The virus is carried by a specific type of fruit bat native to the eastern hemisphere, so bats in other regions would not be susceptible, Luby said. The WHO has not issued any travel warnings or Nipah entry screenings for people going to or from Kerala. "It's a reminder to us that there are potentially pandemic viruses out there ... and to pay attention to these zoonotic diseases that can spill over to other species," Luby said.
Caroline Kee is a health reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in New York. Contact Caroline Kee at caroline.kee@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
Want to be the first to see product recommendations, style hacks, and beauty trends? Sign up for our As/Is newsletter! Sign up Great! You're almost there! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now!
EMERYVILLE, CA--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - NMI Holdings, Inc., ( NASDAQ : NMIH), the parent company of National Mortgage Insurance Corporation (National MI), today announced that it will report results for its first quarter ended Mar. 31, 2017 after the market close on Thursday, May 4, 2017.
The company will hold a conference call and live webcast at 2:00 p.m. Pacific Time / 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time. The webcast will be available on the company's website, www.nationalmi.com, in the "Investor Relations" section. The call also can be accessed by dialing (888) 734-0328 in the U.S., or (914) 495-8578 for international callers using Conference ID: 3499361, or by referencing NMI Holdings, Inc.
A replay of the webcast as well as the earnings press release and any supplemental information will be available on the company's website.
About NMI Holdings
TORONTO — Bryan Adams is planning a new album in what has already been a busy year for the “Run To You” rocker.
The Kingston, Ont.-born musician pegged Nov. 3 for the release of “Ultimate,” their first studio effort in two years.
Adams teased fans with a 20-second clip of the pop ballad “Please Stay” on Facebook, while saying the single will be released on Oct. 13.
They didn't offer any more details about the album but promised more information would be coming soon.
Adams has been keeping a packed concert schedule.
Last weekend they played the Invictus Games closing ceremony alongside Bruce Springsteen.
Earlier this year, they co-hosted the Juno Awards with comedian Russell Peters before closing the telecast with a multi-generational supergroup version of “Summer of '69” that included Sarah McLachlan and Alessia Cara.
Adams is also working on the songs for a new Broadway musical based on Julia Roberts film “Pretty Woman” due in late 2018.
He's doing all of this while in the midst of a world tour for their 2015 album “Get Up,” though they were forced to cancel an upcoming show in Puerto Rico in the wake of hurricane Maria.
At least three compartments of Pooja Superfast Express derailed in Rajasthan's Phulera town on Wednesday afternoon.
No casualties have been reported so far. The train regularly travels from Ajmer to Jammu Tawi in Jammu and Kashmir.
The Railways have started the restoration work. Further details are awaited.
The latest incident of the derailment comes a day after part of a Gokhale Bridge collapsed in Mumbai's Andheri West during the early morning hours on Tuesday, injuring two people.
The bridge that connects Andheri East and Andheri West collapsed on the tracks near Andheri station.
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis, taking stock of the situation, spoke to the Mumbai Commissioner of Police Subodh Jaiswal and asked them to ensure smooth traffic movement.
They also asked the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) commissioner to increase the frequency of BEST buses for the convenience of commuters.
On June 24, at least eight coaches and an engine of a goods train derailed in Chhattisgarh's Dantewada district.
The train coaches fell off a bridge after derailment between Bhansi and Kamalur area.
Saraland Police are defending the arrest of Chikesia Clemons in an Alabama Waffle House, viral video of which has spread across the country. Police released new information, including surveillance video from the restaurant. Fox 10/Screenshot
Want More News Like This?
CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site, along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets.
Binghamton University alumni Tom Moore and Garrett Waldron returned to campus for homecoming weekend. But their homecoming was more special than everyone else's. The now graduated lacrosse starts were recognized on campus as the school's latest All-Americans.
The United States Intercollegiate Lacrosse Association selected Moore and Waldron as All-American Honorable Mentions. The star duo led the Bearcats to the highest win total in program history and a berth in the America East Finals. They are the 12th and 13th All-Americans in school history, the 3rd and 4th from a team sport, and the 2nd and 3rd from lacrosse, joining current Head Coach Kevin McKeown who earned All-American honors in 2004.
"It's awesome. It's a really great experience, getting to come back up here to Binghamton," Moore said. "I've missed this place and it was awesome to be here, a great ceremony, I'm just happy to be a part of it. It's really just a humbling thing for me."
"I didn't know it was going to be this big of a thing. It's really cool to see everyone," Waldron said. "But, it's just really cool to receive this and all the hard work from other people that they put into this whole event. I can't thank everyone else enough. This isn't just for me, this is for everyone. So it's cool."
"It's often said 'to the victor go the spoils' and that's a lot of time what happens when you have a lot of success as a team and you do well," McKeown said. "It was great to see those guys honored in the way they were."
Moore's lacrosse career has continued past college, playing for the Atlanta Blaze of Major League Lacrosse.  They are also working as a paralegal.
Waldron begins their new job for National Income Life Insurance Company on Monday.
RILEY COUNTY — Law enforcement authorities are investigating a Kansas teen for possible sexting charges.
According to the police, they filed a report for aggravated unlawful transmission of a visual depiction of a child.
On Thursday a 13-year-old boy in Manhattan allegedly sent pictures of themselves to a 10-year-old girl, according the Riley County Police incident report.
Authorities did not release details on the relationship between the children or their names.
Due to the nature of the crime reported, police released no additional early Friday.
Get the Think newsletter. SUBSCRIBE
Being the referee for Animal Planet's Puppy Bowl is really exciting and I couldn't be more grateful to have this opportunity. I've been doing this for seven years (which is 49 in dog years), and it is my dream job. They're going to have to pry it from my dead arms: The only way I'm going to give up this job is if I can pass it on to one of my kids.
I have always loved dogs (as most of us do), and, prior to this job, I had worked for Animal Planet as a host for various pet technology specials — "Your Pet Wants This," and "Your Pet Wants This, Christmas Special"— these one hour, one-offs about awesome pet products, like a fetching machine that throws the ball by itself.
When Puppy Bowl first began airing on Animal Planet in 2005, there was no ref, there was no nothing. Puppy Bowl I was a turf with lines across it, the end zones and a couple of puppies, that was it.
Then, in 2011, the people behind the show decided to get a professional to replace the show producer, Andrew Schechter, who had stepped in as the first ongoing ref for Puppy Bowl IV in 2008, just to keep the chaos at bay (and because they thought it would be cute to have a human in there wearing ref stripes).
But after a few years, they realized that they needed somebody to interact with the dogs, and be more of a spokeperson for the dogs — because, obviously, they don't have a voice — so they put out this casting call, and I got in line.
Still, I had to prove myself, because they could have been thinking, I don't know, how much do they really love dogs? I immersed myself in dog refereeing: I went to dog parks throughout New York City, where I live, and just asked random dog owners if I could play with their dogs… and blow a whistle in their faces and throw a flag down.
Puppy Bowl Referee Dan Schachner takes the field during Puppy Bowl XIV. Damian Strohmeyer / Animal Planet/Damian Strohmeyer
I got a lot of weird looks and a lot of rejections, but one or two people said yes. (Plus, I forced my sister to let me play with their dogs.) And I videotaped it, cut it together with some footage of my messy house with two young kids, goldfish and hamsters, and said, "I have plenty of experience officiating small animals, please take a look."
They bought it, and here I am, seven years later.
The show really has grown over the years: Over the course of our day of airing, we regularly have over 10 millions viewer, and we're the second most trending thing on social media after the big game on Super Bowl Sunday.
But the best part, really, is the ability to facilitate adoptions, which we've continued to expand this year.
Now, I always do see old players, because of Instagram: The Puppy Bowl pedigree is a big calling card for a lot of these pups, and many of them have become stars in their own , especially if they were voted MVP, (Most Valuable Pup).
But two years ago, for Puppy Bowl XII, we started doing a Hall of Fame with NFL Hall of Famer Bruce Smith, and all these old players from past years — like Rudy, who is our little pup that could – came up and were able to get another little bit of affection and love.
That led to us thinking about older dogs. Now, all of our pups get adopted, especially the MVPs, but there are plenty of older dogs out there in rescues and shelters that are not adopted, and we thought that we could also shed a light on them.
That eventually led all of us to the idea of the Dog Bowl, which will air for the first time the day before the Puppy Bowl this year. And if you combine the dogs from Dog Bowl, which is, and the 90 from the Puppy Bowl, we'll have 140 adoptable dogs participating this weekend. I guarantee you that they'll all find homes by the time we air. It's a record for us; this is a really big year.
But beyond that, the shelters that we partner with — and we've partnered this year with 48 across the country, and even one in Mexico — all report an uptick in adoptions for months after the Puppy Bowl.
Puppies take the field for Puppy Bowl XIV. Damian Strohmeyer / Animal Planet/Damian Strohmeyer
Often, yes, people go searching for those pups that they've fallen in love with on the show. Say you fall in love with J- Paw ( Jennifer Paw-rence,) and you go online to Badass Brooklyn Animal Rescue this Sunday because you want to adopt her, but she's already gone. Maybe, though, she's part of a litter and she's got siblings, or maybe there are dogs very similar to J-Paw at this particular shelter, and you fall in love again.
The idea is not to simply get you connected with that one Puppy Bowl star — which is possible, but the chances are slim; the goal is to get you connected with a shelter in your community, and to facilitate an ongoing relationship. Eventually, if you keep that partnership alive and communicate with them about your needs, they will find the perfect dog for you.
Puppies take the field for Puppy Bowl XIV. Damian Strohmeyer / Animal Planet/Damian Strohmeyer
The fun of Puppy Bowl is getting all of these untrained, un-housebroken dogs in one spot, at the same time, and seeing what happens. It's chaos, but in a controlled way — snouts and tails, the napping, and the pancaking (which is when the dogs flatten each other), the hiding in the tunnels, the bathing in the water bowls and all of the accidents that come with it. We want it to be puppies being puppies, because we don't want to send a false impression to our audience that if you adopt a puppy it's going to be just like cuddles and roses all day.
You're going to get an active animal in your house that you're going to have to take care of, and we want to show all of it. I like that about us, we're really putting it all out there for our audience, because we love dogs in all their chaos, and we want people to love them, too.
As told to THINK editor Megan Carpentier, edited and condensed for clarity.
Dan Schachner is an actor, voice-over artist and television host. They have served as the referee for Animal Planet's annual Puppy Bowl since 2012.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: India takes stock after first phase of cash crunch
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
General the Great Pyrenees was caught on camera opening several doors with their nose in a hallway and busting out of a back entrance of Aquia-Garrisonville Animal Hospital, NBC reported.
A clever pooch escaped from the canine world's most loathed spot — a veterinary office — and went on the lam in Virginia, a wacky surveillance video shows.
The furry escapee sparked a poochhunt among vet staffers and cops Monday morning.
“Last night at 4 a.m., one of our boarders opened their run door, and managed to open the back door to the clinic to escape,” the Aquia-Garrisonville Animal Hospital said in a Facebook post.“He is very sweet and they may still be wearing a purple ID band.”
The crafty canine was found lounging in a neighbor's yard soon after, at around 7 p.m.and is doing fine, the station reported.
Copyright 2017 Fresh Air. To see more, visit Fresh Air
TERRY GROSS, HOST:
This is FRESH AIR. For a few months in 1968, jazz pianist Bill Evans led a trio with Jack DeJohnette on drums and Eddie Gomez on bass. They spent five weeks in Europe. A newly unearthed concert recording catches them live in a Dutch radio studio. Jazz critic Kevin Whitehead has a review.
(SOUNDBITE OF BILL EVANS' "ALFIE")
KEVIN WHITEHEAD, BYLINE: The Bill Evans Trio in 1968, whispering Burt Bacharach's "Alfie." Evans is getting some renewed attention lately. That's partly due to Bruce Spiegel's documentary "Bill Evans: Time Remembered," a detailed dive into their complicated life. Like other jazz docs, it left me wishing for more uninterrupted music. But there are plenty of Evans records for that. Those now include a previously unissued gem from 1968, "Another Time: The Hilversum Concert." Evans' trio plays with spontaneity and grace and is always swinging some kind of way.
(SOUNDBITE OF BILL EVANS' "YOU'RE GONNA HEAR FROM ME")
WIHTEHEAD: Bill Evans is best remembered for bringing Euro-romantic harmony and gauzy atmospherics to jazz piano, as on Miles Davis' "Kind Of Blue." But Evans came up digging the great bebop pianist whose right hand sang improvised melodies like a saxophone. Eddie Gomez, their bassist for a couple of years already, could walk behind them or step up to play counterpoint. Jack DeJohnette might use their brushes to slap out running commentary or goose them along.
(SOUNDBITE OF BILL EVANS' "VERY EARLY")
WIHTEHEAD: As a pianist himself, Jack DeJohnette knows how the overtones of cymbals and drums can interfere with piano and how to avoid that. He's a master of cymbal textures, knows all the sounds they can make depending on where and how hard you strike them and what with. DeJohnette brings a playful quality to this sober trio. On Evans' break tune "Five," drums play an odd game of peekaboo before settling down to a serious swing.
(SOUNDBITE OF BILL EVANS' "FIVE")
WIHTEHEAD: Bill Evans had worked with independent-minded bass virtuosos before Eddie Gomez. But none had more lasting influence. During their years with Evans, Gomez set the style for piano trio bass solos. Soon, dozens of bassists were scooting up the neck to pluck fast melodies in the cello range.
(SOUNDBITE OF BILL EVANS' "EMILY")
WIHTEHEAD: After this 1968 concert, Eddie Gomez would go on to play with Bill Evans for another nine years. That says it all about their compatibility. Good as Jack DeJohnette sounded with them, three months later, they were gone. By the end of the year, he'd record their first album as leader and start playing with Miles Davis. A decade later, DeJohnette would draft Eddie Gomez into a new quartet. And they'd also reunite behind other leaders. Bill Evans continued on with trios until their death in 1980. They led some very good ones. This was one of their best.
(SOUNDBITE OF BILL EVANS' "WHO CAN I TURN TO?")
GROSS: Kevin Whitehead writes for Point of Departure and TONEAudio and is the author of "Why Jazz?" They reviewed the previously unissued recording "Another Time: The Hilversum Concert" by the Bill Evans Trio, recorded in 1968. It's on vinyl now and will be available on CD and download September 1. Tomorrow on FRESH AIR, my guest will be Max Brooks, author of "The Zombie Survival Guide," "World war Z" and a new novelization of the video game "Minecraft." Their zombie books are their way of dealing with fears they grew up with, like the AIDS epidemic, earthquakes, war. They now work with the military on preparedness training. Max is the son of Mel Brooks and Anne Bancroft. I hope you'll join us.
FRESH AIR's executive producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham. Our associate producer for online media is Molly Seavy-Nesper. Roberta Shorrock directs the show. I'm Terry Gross.
(SOUNDBITE OF BILL EVANS' "WHO CAN I TURN TO?") Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
Police in Edinburgh are investigating following a series of incidents where three men have impersonated police officers.
There have been six incidents reported to police, with one occurring on Friday, February 3, another on Saturday, February 11, and an additional four taking place on Monday, February 13.
In all cases they have targeted tourists with a view to extracting money from the victim, with two incidents culminating in the theft of money from visitors.
The first incident happened at around 1.20pm on Friday, February 3, in the Grassmarket.
A Chilean man was approached by a man who asked them to take their photograph in King's Stables Road.
Both men were then approached by two male suspects claiming to be police officers who demanded to search them.
After this, the two suspects got into a silver or grey Seat hatchback and drove away.
The other male who was also searched walked into the Grassmarket and was lost to sight.
It was later discovered that a three-figure sum of money had been stolen from the Chilean man.
The second incident happened around 5.30pm on Monday, February 13, in Market Street.
Two Chinese tourists were approached by two men who showed them a form of ID and stated that they were undercover police officers. They asked to search the tourist and subsequently stole a four-figure sum of cash.
There have been several descriptions given to police, however in all cases they are described as men of Southern European origin who operate in groups of either two or three.
They also deliberately target people who look like foreign national tourists and operate in tourist areas.
The other incidents have occurred in Chambers Street, Castle Street, and in the Calton Hill area.
Police Sergeant Mark Hamilton of West End Police Station said: “These men are purposely targeting tourists who are visiting the City Centre in a bid to steal money from them.
“Impersonating a police officer is not only inappropriate, it is illegal.
“We would advise that if you are stopped by someone claiming to be a Police Scotland officer, request their collar number and ask to see a warrant card.
“All our officers are happy to provide this information to the public and it should be offered readily.
“I would ask that anyone with information regarding these incidents contact us immediately, and would also urge those visiting the city to be aware of this activity and report any suspicions to police.”
Those with information can contact Police Scotland on 101 or anonymously through Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
The incidents occurred on the following dates:
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Airbus and Boeing expect turbulence in 2017
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
DID GOD CREATE EVIL? WHAT IS THE LOGIC THAT THE DEVIL WILL TORTURE SOMEONE IN HELL FOR BREAKING THE LAWS OF GOD, Their ENEMY? DOES GOD NOT CARE IF I'M HAPPY?
View the video now
from cbn.com
facebook comments:
Earlier today, we had reported that Sony TV has decided to pull the plug on the popular show, Kuch Rang Pyar Ke Aise Bhi, and Beyhadh has been given an extension. These changes were done to accommodate the game show, Kaun Banega Crorepati, which is returning after three years.
The sudden decision of the channel to shut down the show has upset the fans. The fans took to Twitter to express their anger.
Manafort agrees to terms on bail deal Former Trump campaign chairperson Paul Manafort, who was indicted on ​money laundering charges by special counsel Robert Mueller as part of the probe into Russian meddling in the election, has...
Rich kid charged with murder attended school while on bail An affluent Los Angeles teen accused of murder will no longer attend school while on bail after outraged parents protested. School officials kicked Cameron Terrell off the Palos Verdes High...
Body of missing teacher last seen bailing out felon lover found The remains of an Arizona kindergarten teacher who went missing after they bailed out a man from jail may have been found, police said. Deer Valley Unified School District announced...
Kindergarten teacher missing after bailing out known felon Police are searching for a kindergarten teacher who vanished after bailing out a known felon. Cathryn Gorospe, 44, hasn't been seen since Friday when they posted bail for them 27-year-old...
Con man 'gigolo' on bail for swindling women busted again An accused Manhattan con man ripped off three people in a construction project scam while out on bail from charges that they swindled thousands of dollars from a string of...
Wife accused of cold-case murder denied bail After 21 years, they weren't going to let them go. A Manhattan judge Wednesday denied bail to Roslyn Pilmar, who is accused of murdering their rich husband nearly two decades...
Driver charged with ramming car into protesters in Virginia denied bail The Nazi fanatic charged with fatally plowing their car into a crowd of anti-racist protesters in Charlottesville, Va., was denied bail Monday during a court session at which they appeared...
Grandma did nothing as injured toddler slowly died: prosecutors The grandmother of Queens “stair-fall” toddler Romeo Lewis let a full 24 hours tick by as the bruised, weakening boy inched closer and closer to death — all the while...
Behind New York's bail outrages are bad judges --- and bad law Yet again, a New York judge has turned loose a deranged and potentially dangerous criminal — one who'd actually targeted police — without bail. But hiding behind state law, which...
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
WASHINGTON — Kim Kardashian West met the West Wing Tuesday, as the reality television superstar headed to the White House to meet with President Donald Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, to discuss a possible pardon for Alice Marie Johnson.
Johnson, a grandmother now in their early sixties, is more than two decades into a life sentence for a first-time conviction based on their role in a drug-trafficking case.
In part of a larger prosecution of people involved with the Colombian drug cartel Cali, Johnson was convicted on a series of charges ranging from conspiracy to possess cocaine with intent to distribute it to money laundering.
Johnson gained Kardashian West's attention after the news organization Mic published a jailhouse video in which they described how their life spiraled out of control following the development of a gambling problem: They lost their job, their marriage ended and their son died in a motorcycle accident.
"I went into a complete panic and out of desperation, I made one of the worst decisions of my life to make some quick money,” they told Mic.
Kim Kardashian, center, arrives at the security entrance of the White House in Washington on May 30, 2018. Pablo Martinez Monsivais / AP
Kardashian West isn't the only one asking the Trump administration for clemency for Johnson. The group Change.org has put together an online petition on their behalf, and they top the non-profit group Can-Do's list of convicted women who deserve a reprieve.
Kardashian West's White House visit for the meeting with Kushner, whose own father served federal prison time for campaign finance violations, tax evasion and witness tampering, lasted about an hour.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders told reporters earlier Wednesday that the meeting would happen but declined to detail what they expected from it, and Trump administration officials did not immediately respond to NBC's request for comment on details of the reported conversation after Kardashian West and Kushner departed the White House separately.
But before the expected talk with Kushner, Kardashian West Tweeted a message to Johnson.
How To Quell Wanderlust Between TripsFive tips to help cope with the strong desire to get away from it all in advance of your next big trip
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
Five Essential Planning Tips For Your European VacationNothing beats traveling abroad. It's educational, invigorating and just plain fun. With the Pound and Euro inching closer to the value of the U.S. Dollar there has never been a better time to explore new lands. In order to get the very best experience out of your trip it is essential that you put a lot of thought and planning in your preparation. The more pre-planning that you do, the fewer hassles during your travels. Here are some basic tips to get you started on your next “Trip of a Lifetime!”
Style April 2017 Here's how you can dress exactly like the #SB2K17 crew
Board shorts, fun tanks, hats turned backwards, sweet shades and the occasional pair of flip-flops. Those are your attire standards if you ever want to orchestrate an #SB2K17-like golf trip**. The crew at Bakers Bay clearly made style a priority in 2017, sporting unique patterns that screamed, “SPRING BREAK.” As it turns out, the majority of their pieces come from a Florida-based company called Duvin, which specializes in unique prints and pieces that emote a Southern Cali vibe. Scroll down to see where you can buy some of the exact items Rickie, Jordan, Justin and Smylie sported during their week in paradise.
**Since you'll probably never find a golf course that allows us mere mortals to wear tank tops and flip-flops, wearing fun board shorts with your traditional polo and golf shoes would go a long way in injecting some Spring Break-like flavor.
eric musselContrary to what people that were caught up in the moment are going to try and tell you, this was not the craziest first weekend of the NCAA tournament of all time.
We may have had the single-craziest moment ever — we'll get to that — and we did lose a number of the top teams in the bracket, but the insanity of this weekend wasn't quite clinical.
That said, we did get left with a number of memorable moments through out the first four days of the greatest sporting event in America. Here are the 12 that will stick with us for the longest time:
12. THE KEENAN EVANS TAKEOVER
We've been trying to let you know about this guy all season long. The Texas Tech star averaged 22.5 points and 3.0 assists through the first two weekends of the event, and 33 of the 45 points that they scored came in the second half of two close wins. They hit the go-ahead three to beat Florida with just over two minutes left and made all the big plays in the come-from-behind win over Stephen F. Austin in the first round.  They are a killer.
The best moment, however, might have been this lob that elicited memories of Kobe-to-Shaq:
Maybe it doesn't deserve a video, but since it reminds me of Kobe's lob to Shaq in game 7 of the 2000 Western Conference Finals… Keenan Evans' lob to Zhaire Smith for the DAGGER is even better with Titanic music!!! 🏀🚢🎶 pic.twitter.com/K1NTRmrJxp — 🏀🚢🎶TITANIC HOOPS🏀🚢🎶 (@TitanicHoops) March 18, 2018
11. MYLES POWELL FOR THE COVER
If you're not a gambler, you may not have noticed that the final, seemingly meaningless shot in Kansas' win over Seton Hall in the second round had all kinds of weight behind it. Powell hit a running 30-footer as time-expired, cutting the Kansas lead to 83-79. Kansas was favored by 4.5 points in that game. The shot that they hit meant that the Pirates covered the spread. Millions of dollars — that's not an exaggeration — changed hands as a direct result of that shot going in.
🚨🚨🚨 #MOOSEALERT 🚨🚨🚨 Myles Powell's "meaningless" 3 pointer to cut Kansas' lead from 7 to 4 is a shot that Jayhawks full game (-4.5) and 2H (-1.5) bettors will never forget. pic.twitter.com/Vweqc4km1X — The Action Network (@ActionNetworkHQ) March 18, 2018
10. MEET ZACH NORVELL
You may not have known who they were before this event started but you probably know who they are now. The Gonzaga first-year student scored 15 points and hit the game-winning three as the Zags beat UNC Greensboro in the first round of the NCAA tournament, following that up by going for a career-high 28 points, a career-high 12 boards, a career-high six threes and their first career double-double in a second round win over Ohio State. He's scored at least 14 points in each of their last six games. They will be the next superstar in Spokane.
9. SYRACUSE IS IN THE SWEET 16 PLAYING BASKETBALL THAT MAKES VIRGINIA SEEM EXCITING
Jim Boeheim, man. You have to give them credit. For the second time in three seasons, their Orange team has snuck into the NCAA tournament with a resume that didn't deserve a bid and proceeded to make everyone seem like an idiot for saying they didn't belong. The Orange are in the Sweet 16 after starting in the First Four and failing to score more than 60 points in any of their three games. Boeheim just packs in that 2-3, puts as many long and athletic people on the floor that they can and lets Tyus Battle go make plays. And it works. Sometimes basketball is an easy game, I guess.
8. TEXAS A&M MOLLYWHOPS THE REIGNING NATIONAL CHAMPS
One thing that I never thought that I would see in this event is a team with Joel Berry II and Theo Pinson getting run out of the gym. Those two dudes are so good and so tough and been through so much that I expected them to be in a dogfight every time they set foot on a court for all eternity. Then Sunday happened, and Texas A&M — who spent four months flirting with the idea that maybe living up to their potential was a possibility — absolutely trucked them. They won by 21 points, and the outcome never really felt in doubt after the final TV timeout of the first half.
7. BUFFALO STEAMROLLS ARIZONA
Remember when we all thought that this was going to be the most memorable upset for the first weekend?
Hahaha. That was fun.
But just because Virginia happened to go full Virginia and exactly one half of the top three seeds in the tournament were knocked out before the start of the second weekend doesn't mean that what Buffalo did should be swept under the rug. The Bulls eviscerated an Arizona team that looked like they were ready to quit on this utterly forgettable season by the middle of the second half.
6. FLORIDA STATE SENDS XAVIER PACKING
Xavier, the No. 1 seed in the West Region, looked like they were going to be able to cruise into the Sweet 16, as they led the Seminoles by 12 points with under 10 minutes left in the game. But that did not last, as they were outscored 18-4 to close out the game while Florida State reached the Sweet 16 for the first time since 2011.
It's the first time since 2004 that we head into the Sweet 16 with two of the nation's No. 1 seeds sitting at home.
5. NEVADA WITH TWO COMEBACKS IN THREE DAYS
Eric Musselman and the Wolf Pack managed two thrilling wins in the span of three days. First, they came from way behind to beat No. 10-seed Texas in the opening round of the event before erasing the second-largest deficit in NCAA tournament history when they came back from 22 points down in the final 11:43 to second No. 2 Cincinnati back to the Queen City.
4. JORDAN POOLE HITS Their GAME-WINNER
This shot, to beat Houston in the second round, will be the most memorable shot from this first weekend:
Absolutely LOVE this fan-shot video of Jordan Poole's game-winning shot, via @redditCBB: pic.twitter.com/aEByXrFokK — Alejandro Zúñiga (@ByAZuniga) March 18, 2018
While this image is one that will forever epitomize what makes March Madness so special:
3. ROB GRAY'S FIRST ROUND PERFORMANCE
The shame in Poole's shot going in was that it ended the tournament run of Houston star Rob Gray, who put together one of the best first weekend's in tournament history as well as a performance that should have been iconic. In the first round, against No. 11-seed San Diego State, Gray finished with 39 of their team's 67 points, including the game-winning bucket with 1.1 seconds left on the clock.
That game-winner capped one of the wildest finishes to a game that I can ever remember seeing. Check this out:
And that led directly to this:
WOW. 😱😱😱 ROB GRAY gives Houston the lead & hits a new career-high with 39 PTS! pic.twitter.com/LPtUCUXY6n — NCAA March Madness (@marchmadness) March 16, 2018
2. THE No. 11-SEED LOYOLA-CHICAGO RAMBLERS, AND SISTER JEAN, ARE IN THE SWEET 16 AFTER TWO GAME-WINNERS
I don't even know where to start with this.
Twice in the span of three days, Loyola trailed 62-61 with less than 10 seconds left and twice in the span of three days they made a game-winner to advance to the next round of the tournament.
LOYOLA-CHICAGO DOES IT AGAIN!!! Clayton Custer gets the game-winner to go as the Ramblers upset 3rd-seeded Tennessee, clinching a spot in the Sweet 16 for the first time since 1985! pic.twitter.com/QMmfTH4gWs — DRK Sports (@drksportsnews) March 18, 2018
Sister Jean loves it.
1. UMBC!
Could it be anything else?
For the first time in the history of the world, a No. 16 seed has beaten a No. 1 seed in the NCAA tournament as the Retrievers knocked off Virginia to get their shot to play their way into the Sweet 16. They lost to Kansas State on Sunday, but who cares? It would have been terrific theater to see them get their shot in the Sweet 16, but it was not meant to be.
We'll have to simply settle for UMBC truck-sticking the No. 1 overall seed in the tournament.
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says they voted Republican Pause
0:51 The day Idaho's Teton Dam broke
0:08 Instant horse racing: What the machine looks like
2:24 How Boise police respond to hate crimes
1:23 Truckstop.com now hiring in Boise
2:37 Chandler Hutchison: "We're just not making shots."
0:29 Mountain View seniors explain why they chose to play with torn ACLs
0:58 Risch objects to King letter
1:39 The aftermath of Idaho's Teton Dam collapse
(CNN Money) — Amazon is turning the trunk of your car into a mailbox.
The tech giant has launched a new service in 37 US cities, including Miami, that delivers packages to the trunks of cars for free. The catch? You need to be a Prime member. Though Fort Lauderdale is not on Amazon's list of cities, many zip codes in Broward are eligible for the new delivery service as well. To see if your zip code is eligible, click here.
CNN's Matt McFarland spent a week testing the service and became convinced this is the future of urban deliveries — for those with the right cars.
For it to work, you need an eligible vehicle — nearly all Chevrolet, Buick, GMC, Cadillac and Volvos with a model year of 2015 or newer are compatible. GM owners must have an active OnStar account, and Volvo owners need an active On Call account. These systems provide remote access to vehicles, which makes Key In-Car possible.
McFarland borrowed a recent model Volvo from Amazon — their Hyundai Elantra GT didn't qualify — and downloaded the required Amazon Key app. In November, the company launched Amazon Key, which uses a camera and smart lock so Prime members can have deliveries brought into their home.
Its latest iteration, Amazon Key In-Car, relies on the vehicle's internet connection to remotely open the trunk so packages can be delivered. Amazon's delivery people receive one-time access to open the trunk. An alert is sent to customers when the process is completed.
Last week, McFarland purchased a pack of D batteries on Amazon.com for $10.65. At checkout, a new option appeared for “in-car delivery.” They were given a four-hour delivery window — between 11 a.m – 3 p.m. ET.
McFarland was told the car needed to be parked within a couple blocks of the delivery address in a publicly available spot. They chose their home address, and parked around the corner from their front door on a crowded block. After a customer adds their car's color, make and model into the app, a delivery person can find it with the aid of GPS.
During the test, they received a push notification from Amazon: “Arriving soon: Your package will be delivered to your Volvo.”
“Porch pirates,” people who walk off with deliveries left outside homes, are a problem in their Washington, DC neighborhood, McFarland says. In a local Facebook group, frustrated neighbors regularly post videos of their packages being stolen — their doorbell cameras don't seem to deter theft.
For city residents, the promise of in-car delivery is a game changer. When McFarland returned home to their car parked on a nearby street, the package was safely waiting inside.
There are some restrictions on what can be delivered to your trunk. Packages must not weigh more than 50 pounds, exceed 26 x 21 x 16 inches and can't be valued at over $1,300 or fulfilled by a third-party seller.
For now, the service will be broadly useful in cities such as Miami, Dallas, Los Angeles, Atlanta and Chicago, and it's coming to more areas soon.
That is, until self-driving cars make car ownership a thing of the past.
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
In today's trust economy, companies are making more of an effort to reach out to customers about what they want, rather than telling the customer he/she needs the product. Creating a buyer persona is essential for sales and marketing teams interested in offering more targeted products that will ultimately lead to more conversions. In order to do so, sales managers have to do more than simply assume they know what their customers want.
How to Create a Buyer Persona
Here, we're going to discuss ways in which sales managers can segment their leads and opportunities — through key demographics, purchase history, and other important metrics — in order to provide agents with context that can help them close sales and generate more revenue.
Research Demographics
This is one of the most, if not the most, important ways to build a foundation for a buyer persona. Demographics such as age, income, gender, race, location, and occupation all help to generate a unique persona of your customers in order to target them with more relevant products and services. If your business uses CRM software, you can collect this data to segment multiple customers into more organized groups.
Here's how the demographics we just just mentioned play a role in creating the buyer persona…
Age
Age plays a significant role in determining what kind of products your buyers are interested in. If you want to sell high-end shoes, but your business is in an area where the average age is 50-plus, the odds of those people wanting a nice pair of Nike's versus New Balance are low.
Income
If your business is located in a low-income area, it doesn't make good business sense to offer high-end products, and vice versa. Categorizing buyers by income is a great way for businesses to learn more about which products are suitable for every customer.
Gender
Regardless of your thoughts on gender roles in society, gender is still important to keep track of. Stores like Sephora, who's main product line and marketing strategy is geared towards women, still offer men a small selection of products like cologne and lotions. Now men who are often overlooked can be targeted.
Location
Location is closely tied to all of these demographics. Where is the business located? If there are tons of children in the area, it might not be a good idea to open a liquor store; if you're in a low-income area, you should rethink the luxury car dealership. Adding location to a buyer persona will help to specify and segment multiple personas for more targeted sales campaigns.
Occupation
Occupation also plays an important role that's obviously tied to income, but perhaps you see that there are tons of police officers interested in your products. They could then be targeted with products and services that are similar to their line of work, like security, tools, or outdoors equipment.
Purchase History
Another great way to determine who your buyers are is by see what they're actually buying. By looking at their purchase history, a business can see what products are successful. When combined with demographics, the business acquires deeper context in every single transaction and gives you an idea of what your buyers find important.
Without looking at demographics, purchase history gives businesses a unique advantage. If you're an online retailer and you notice that outdoor equipment like shovels, saws, axes, and protective equipment are the most popular items, you can assume that they're about middle class because these items aren't cheap, they live in either the suburbs or a rural area, and that they're male if they're purchasing heavy equipment.
Combined, the reasons why certain products/services are so popular are more defined. When you know for a fact that your customers are, say, middle class males over thirty, you can target them more effectively by only offering products that fit within those key demographics, or have the buyer work with an agent who can relate to them.
Social Media Tendencies
Social media plays an integral role in all our lives. More and more people are using social media to purchase products and services than ever before. When you think about it, social media is like a premade buyer persona for businesses. The whole point is to be personal, to give people online an understanding of who you are without saying a word to them in real life.
The way buyers use social media and the platforms they use play a significant role in defining them. If your buyers only use Twitter, that's indicative that they're young and want quick solutions and interactions. If they exclusively use Instagram, they can be targeted with visually appealing ads. Plus, it shows that they have a smartphone, or at the very least, are able to access a computer regularly, giving away other details about their background.
How to Use a Buyer Persona
Now that we know what should be included in a buyer persona and why, let's look at how we can use it.
Use buyer personas to communicate with the buyer in more relaxed tones and conversations.
Use buyer personas to segment your customers for more targeted marketing and sales campaigns.
Use buyer personas to connect buyers with compatible agents.
Use buyer personas for creating more precise buyer's journeys and sales funnels.
Use buyer personas to optimize and personalize landing pages.
The more businesses make an effort to understand their customers, the more likely they'll see a significant boost in their sales efforts. In order to truly understand who their customers are, businesses often create buyer personas to give them an accurate estimate of who they're dealing with and why certain products are more successful than others.
By looking at certain demographics, how customers use social media, and monitoring their purchase history, businesses can draft accurate reports that can dramatically improve the buyer's journey, the overall customer experience, and sales campaigns.
TORONTO — The interim leader of Ontario's Progressive Conservative Party says the Tories have just over 133,000 members — some 67,000 fewer than claimed by former leader Patrick Brown less than a month ago.
In an e-mail to the PC caucus obtained by The Canadian Press, Vic Fedeli says checks of the party's membership system this week turned up the discrepancy.
“Given recent events and current uncertainties, I want caucus and candidates to be provided added visibility into recent internal Party decisions and various facts as I understand them to be,” Fedeli said in the email.
In a detailed timeline of the events following Brown's sudden resignation on Jan. 25, Fedeli said party IT workers shut down the Tories' membership management system to protect member information.
“This was the right decision to take at the time, notwithstanding the fact it was done without the explicit support of the then-Executive Director,” Fedeli said. “I already have thanked our IT officials for the initiative and courage they showed to protect the Party.”
In early January, Brown said the party's membership had swollen to more than 200,000 people across the province.
Fedeli said that while the system was down, the IT workers began to update the database with a variety of new information, including current Elections Ontario voters lists. They also ran all records through the National Change of Address database and sorted members according to 2017 riding boundaries.
“These important steps will ensure we have accurate riding information for the upcoming leadership race and the 2018 general election,” Fedeli said.
After the updates, two subsequent reports from the database showed lower membership totals than the previously published figures, allowing Fedeli's office to “get a straight, unvarnished answer,” they said.
Fedeli said their staff have also begun to review a number of financial arrangements the party had in place under the previous leader “with a view towards reducing unnecessary expenses.”
While not identifying the individuals or companies involved, Fedeli tells caucus that the party has ended monthly payments to one nominated candidate, monthly payments to a pair of regional organizers and given “greater scrutiny” to some contracts with vendors.
That review continues, they said.
“My most important priority as Party leader is to hand over to the winner of the upcoming leadership race a strong, clean, and ethical PC Party for them to take into the next election,” Fedeli said in the email.
Earlier this week, the 61-year-old Fedeli made a surprise announcement that they would not seek the permanent leadership of the PC Party, opting instead to “root out the rot” as interim leader.
The turmoil within the party started when Brown resigned after CTV News reported allegations of sexual misconduct made against them by two women. Brown vehemently denies the allegations, which The Canadian Press has not independently verified.
Last weekend, the party announced an executive director position, two deputy chief of staff positions, a party adviser position, and a number of junior and mid-level jobs were being eliminated.
Hours later, party president Rick Dykstra resigned before Maclean's reported sexual assault allegations against the former federal Conservative MP. Dykstra has denied the allegations, which have not been independently verified by The Canadian Press.
A Brooklyn company in the doghouse with the city over their heated sidewalk dog shelters wants to change the law so they can get back in business.
Dog Parker had 40 high-tech doghouses outside stores around the borough, where shoppers paid 20 cents a minute to safely stash their pups while they ducked inside.
But the city Department of Transportation forced them to remove its doghouses Thursday night, claiming they were sidewalk obstructions.
“We never received a violation, never gotten a 311 complaint,” said CEO Chelsea Brownridge.
City Hall doesn't “care about innovation,” they said, adding that the company seeks “more clarity” about codes governing sidewalks. They vowed to work with the City Council on new legislation.
The 4 1/2-foot-high, 2 1/2-foot-wide, 3-foot-deep doghouses were carefully located in front of stores to minimize problems, they said.
“This is our home . . . so we will be fighting here to stay,” Brownridge said.
Corporate pressure on Catalonia
CaixaBank, one of Spain's largest banks, was holding a board meeting on Friday morning to discuss moving its headquarters out of Catalonia as more companies discuss plans to move if the region declares independence from Spain.
The Mexican peso's performance since the beginning of the year is a fantastic example of how quickly circumstances can change in the volatile world of emerging markets.
For a brief few weeks after President Donald Trump's upset victory in the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election, the peso was the worst performer among the major emerging-market currencies.
Now, it's on the verge of breaking into bull market territory as several of the most popular “Trump trades” have violently unraveled since their inauguration.
Since Jan. 19, when the peso USDMXN, +0.0513% tumbled to an all-time low at 22 to the dollar, the Mexican currency has risen more than 18% against the dollar. Most market participants would consider an asset or currency to be in a bull market if it rises 20% or more off a recent low. One dollar bought 18.52 pesos on Monday, compared with 18.51 pesos late Friday in New York.
Factset
This represents an important shift after nearly half a decade of weakness. After peaking against the dollar in May 2013, the peso fell more than 50% over the ensuing four years as expectations that the Federal Reserve would soon raise U.S. interest rates and taper its bond purchases lifted the greenback against many currencies, including the peso.
Read: Turkish markets rally, but strategists say gains may be short-lived
More recently, the peso has benefited from a confluence of factors both foreign and domestic. In the U.S., an internecine struggle between Congressional conservatives and moderate Republicans has forced investors to recalibrate expectations for how swiftly Trump will be able to implement several purportedly pro-growth elements of their economic agenda, including corporate tax cuts, an infrastructure spending package and deregulation.
Whether they pass some, all or none of these measures before the end of the year could, in turn, influence how quickly the Fed is able to raise interest rates. Typically, higher interest rates cause a currency to strengthen by making it more appealing to foreign investors.
While investors are trying to anticipate how many more times the Fed will raise interest rates during 2017, Mexico's central bank has already raised borrowing costs by three-quarters of a percentage point. This has been a major selling point for the currency, market strategists said.
Meanwhile, the growing influence of centrist advisers, like Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner and former Goldman Sachs Group President Gary Cohn, has helped soften Trump's protectionist rhetoric — a factor that had weighed on the trade-sensitive peso.
A team of emerging-market strategists at Société Générale lists the Mexican peso as one of its favorite carry trades (the carry trade involves borrowing in a lower-interest-rate currency to fund investments in a higher-rate currency). They believe the currency still has more room to strengthen and that, at 6.5%, Mexico's benchmark interest rate is attractive both relative to the U.S. and many of its emerging-market peers. The Fed, by, comparison, is presently targeting an interest-rate range between three-quarters and 1 percentage point.
Don't miss: Inflows into emerging markets hit highest in nearly a year, despite geopolitical tension
The level of bets that the peso will strengthen has risen to its highest levels since the election, according to data provided by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. The data encompasses positioning in U.S.-based futures markets.
But just as strife between Republican factions helped upend the dollar's postelection rally, the peso faces potential political risks of its own.
Luis Hurtado, Latin American strategist at CIBC Capital, believes the currency could encounter some turbulence in the second half of 2017 as the presidential campaign heats up. Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto is unpopular by some measures, and is facing a strong challenge from populist rival Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador — colloquially referred to as “AMLO.” Mexicans head to the polls in July 2018.
“We see investors starting to focus on domestic risks as the presidential election race gets under way in [the second half of 2017] and populist [AMLO] leads in the polls,” Hurtado said in a recently published research note.
NEW YORK — Major League Baseball is working to finalize a two-game series between the New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox at London's Olympic Stadium on June 29-30 in 2019, the sport's first regular-season games in Europe.
The Red Sox have the option of having both games be Boston home games, a person familiar with the planning told The Associated Press. The person spoke on condition of anonymity Monday because no announcement had been made.
Baseball officials have long hoped for games on London and settled last year on Olympic Stadium, which is in its second season as home of West Ham of the Premier League. Because it originally was built for a 400-meter track, it is wider than other large stadiums in the London area and can best accommodate the dimensions of a baseball field.
MLB chose the June window because it is after the Premier League season and before the stadium must be made available for summer track and field events. MLB hopes to make an announcement within the next two months.
Each player would get $60,000 for participating in the games, according to the collective bargaining agreement.
MLB is playing regular-season games in San Juan, Puerto Rico, and Monterrey, Mexico, this year.
Baseball opened its season at Monterrey in 1999 (Colorado vs. San Diego); the Tokyo Dome in 2000 (Chicago Cubs-New York Mets), 2004 (Tampa Bay-Yankees), 2008 (Boston-Oakland) and 2012 (Seattle-Oakland); and at Sydney, Australia in 2014 (Los Angeles Dodgers-Arizona). The collective bargaining agreement had a provision for a 2019 opener in Toyko.
Additional regular-season games were played at Monterrey in 1996 (San Diego-Mets); and at San Juan in 2001 (Toronto-Texas), 2003-04 (a total of 43 Montreal home games) and 2010 (Mets-Florida Marlins).
——
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
While I'm away, readers give the advice.
DEAR CAROLYN:
On not being swallowed up by the political chasms between us
My wife and I have strongly held political views, and many close family members and close friends do also. I don't shy away from discussing it and very rarely does the discussion descend into angry exchanges.
My own personal rules are: (1) I state what I believe as a matter of conscience and try my best to allow that others have conscientious beliefs, too. (2) Never, never “name call.” (3) Always, always search for something we both agree on. (4) Try to get agreement that we both want what's best for our country, we just disagree on how to get it.
Want Carolyn Hax delivered to your inbox for free on weekdays?
Sign up for our Coffee Break newsletter here.
These rules have served me well for years and I have many warm relationships with family and friends who believe the polar opposite of the things I believe. Hasn't worked every time, but the exceptions are rare.
K.
How about speaking honestly from the heart?: “It's great that you care so much about what's going on in this country, and that you are passionate about your beliefs. We see things differently, and our views are as important to us as yours are to you. We could spend this time arguing with each other, but that seems like a frustrating way to spend our visit. Instead, we could try taking turns just listening to each other with an open mind, asking questions to understand where each other is coming from. Or, we could just agree to put politics aside and spend our time together [fill in preferred activities].”
P.
Arguing with facts and logic is worse than useless. The person you argue with has deep emotional reasons for his/her position, has established a worldview that shields that person from the perceived problem, and experiences contrary facts and logic as a very frightening threat. The response is to just deepen the denial and dig in all the harder. Ask questions rather than push an opposing position.
You seem to feel very strongly about this. Why is that? How does it affect you personally? (Try to get to the basis of the feelings in terms of the personal threat, not some external situation.)
A lot of good people feel otherwise. What do you think is the basis of their position? (Nudge the person into seeing it from a different viewpoint.)
Blaming the past is not productive. What is the problem we have NOW and how can we work together to find an answer?
Fighting about it gets us nowhere.
B.
Listen respectfully with an open mind but don't argue. It amazes that when viewed through the lens of preconceived opinions, the same facts lead to such opposing conclusions, and no one attempts to consider the other's viewpoint. Does just turning assumptions around open your mind, even a little?
Passionate Moderate
Email Carolyn at tellme@washpost.com, follow them on Facebook at www.facebook.com/carolyn.hax or chat with them online at noon Eastern time each Friday at www.washingtonpost.com.
#BallerificCouples – #eniko #kevinhart #snoopdogg #shantebroadus #lebronjames #savannahjames (swipe) A post shared by Baller Alert (@balleralert) on Aug 13, 2017 at 6:13pm PDT
had time for their haters today. The comedian is celebrating their one -year anniversary with wifeand they commemorated the occasion on social media. See below:
Well, apparently when Baller Alert reposted Kevin's tribute, folks had a lot to say about the comedian's marriage. Many brought up the allegations that they cheated on Eniko back in July.
Now, Kevin is pissed. They responded to the Baller Alert commenters with a lengthy message. “Some of you women are the definition of crabs in a barrel lmao. Y'all hate to see another woman happy…Some of you hate to see people happy in general,” they said. “The reason is because your not happy. Your lonely & wish to have half of the love that these woman have…Your obvious anger is the reason why u don't have a man or will ever have one.”
Kevin continued with some advice for the women dragging them on the Internet. “Do me a favor and go find somebody to hug and actually smile.” They finish by showing their appreciation to women who support other women. “You guys are the real MVP'S,” they said. You can read their full comments below.
#kevinhart addressing the haters on our previous post about #BallerificCouples A post shared by Baller Alert (@balleralert) on Aug 13, 2017 at 7:20pm PDT
Damn, Kev! Did they go too far?
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
WASHINGTON — The Trump administration says it is restoring numbers on a government website that show a running tally of how many people have access to clean drinking water and electricity. The figures had disappeared earlier this week from the Federal Emergency Management Agency website.
The numbers republished Friday show that about 56 per cent of customers of the Puerto Rico Aqueduct and Sewer Authority have safe drinking water, nearly three weeks after Hurricane Maria. They show just over 9 per cent of customers has electricity.
Removal of the information had fueled suspicion the Trump administration was trying to improve perceptions about its hurricane response in Puerto Rico.
FEMA acknowledged it had removed the tally Thursday but said the figures were available elsewhere. FEMA says they will remain on its website going forward.
