Anak ni Joey Marquez itinalagang HUDCC deputy secretary general Bandera
ITINALAGA ni Pangulong Duterte ang anak ni Joey Marquez na si Jeremy Marquez bilang Deputy Secretary General ng Housing and Urban Development Coordinating Council (HUDCC).
Anak ni Joey si Jeremy kay Francesca Siron.
Ipinanganak si Jeremy noong Oktubre 10, 1979.
Nagsilbi rin siya bilang barangay captain ng BF Homes sa Parañaque City ng tatlong taon. Tumakbo siyang vice mayor noong 2016 bagamat natalo.
Naging mayor naman ng Paranaque si Joey.
Marami nang artista ang naitalaga ni Duterte sa gobyerno, kabilang na sina Aiza Seguerra bilang Chair ng National Youth Commission, ang misis niyang si Liza Dino, na siyang Film Development Council of the Philippines (FDCP) chairperson.
Recent Stories:
Complete stories on our Digital Edition newsstand for tablets, netbooks and mobile phones; 14-issue free trial. About to step out? Get breaking alerts on your mobile.phone. Text ON INQ BREAKING to 4467, for Globe, Smart and Sun subscribers in the Philippines.
Disclaimer: The comments uploaded on this site do not necessarily represent or reflect the views of management and owner of Bandera. We reserve the right to exclude comments that we deem to be inconsistent with our editorial standards.
To subscribe to the Philippine Daily Inquirer newspaper in the Philippines, call +63 2 896-6000 for Metro Manila and Metro Cebu or email your subscription request here.
YESTERDAY the PM conceded using polls to justify rolling Tony Abbott was a bad idea on the first ever Miranda Live.
Today Miranda Devine has Treasurer Scott Morrison in the hot seat, she'll also talk to Dr Tanveer Ahmed about the latest New York terror attack and Carlotta about sex change kids. The broadcast is live at 5.30pm.
You can listen to ALL of yesterday's show, with special guest Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull below.
LEAVE YOUR QUESTION FOR THE TREASURER BELOW
Miranda Live will back tonight from 5.30pm — listen here or download the podcast. You can also join the conversation via Twitter using the hashtag #MirandaLive.
MIRANDA LIVE
► Join the conversation on social media using the hashtag #MirandaLive
► Download the podcast via iTunes: http://bit.ly/2ydCLaE
► Download the podcast via Android: http://bit.ly/2C1Ob4y
FOLLOW US ON SOCIAL MEDIA
Facebook News // Facebook Sport // Facebook SuperCoach NRL // Facebook Sydney Confidential // Facebook Live Streaming // Twitter News // Twitter Sport // Twitter SuperCoach NRL // Twitter Sydney Confidential // Instagram Daily Telegraph
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, they said on Wednesday.
European businesses are unsettled as they watch the US and China collide over trade. And for good reason: the nascent global trade war could represent the biggest single threat to the economic upswing that has helped the region get past its financial crisis.
In theory, some European companies could benefit, jumping into market niches if Chinese businesses are kept out of the US market. But that would only be a few companies or sectors.
When your entire economy is heavily dependent on trade, an overall slowdown in global commerce caused by tit-for-tat import taxes provokes fear and undermines confidence.
And that's just what's happening in Europe. By one measure, business confidence has fallen in six of the past seven months in Germany, where exports are almost half of annual economic output.
Advertisement
"It's worth all our efforts to defuse this conflict, so it doesn't become a war," German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Wednesday.
The US is due to put tariffs on US$34 billion (NZ$50 billion) worth of Chinese goods on Friday. The Chinese will respond with tariffs on an equivalent value of US products such as soybeans, seafood and crude oil.
Amid all this, Europe has its own trade dispute with the US. After the US put tariffs on steel and aluminium from many allies, including the European Union, the 28-country bloc responded with import taxes on some $3.25 billion of US goods. The Trump administration is also studying the option of putting tariffs on cars, which would significantly escalate the confrontation.
The head of the EU's executive, Jean-Claude Juncker, will head to Washington in late July to try to personally persuade Trump against further measures targeting Europe.
The disputes over trade threaten to spoil the good times for Europe's economy.
Growth last year was the strongest in a decade, since before the global financial crisis. While that has eased in recent quarters, the economy is still strong enough to create jobs. The number of unemployed fell by 125,000 in May, leaving unemployment in the 19 countries that use the euro at 8.4 per cent, the lowest since 2008 and down from a high of 12.1 per cent in 2013.
"Trade tensions stoked by US President Donald Trump are clouding the economic outlook in Europe," wrote analysts at Berenberg bank in London. They rated the trade risk ahead of troubles from Italy's heavy debt load or faster than expected interest rate increases from the US Federal Reserve.
Many European companies would suffer because they both produce and sell goods in the US and China, the world's biggest economies.
For example, tariffs that China is expected to impose Friday on US-made autos would hit German carmakers Daimler and BMW since they both make vehicles in the United States and export them to China.
Daimler has already lowered its outlook for profits, citing higher than expected costs from the new tariffs. BMW warned in a letter to Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross on Friday that tariffs would make it harder for it to sell in China the vehicles it builds at its factory in Spartanburg, South Carolina, "potentially leading to strongly reduced export volumes and negative effects on investment and employment in the United States."
Last year, BMW exported 272,000 vehicles from the Spartanburg plant, more than half its total production. Of those, 81,000 — worth US$2.37 billion — went to China. BMW says its exports reduced the US trade deficit by around US$1 billion.
By themselves, the tariffs that take effect Friday won't immediately have a dramatic impact on global trade. The fear is that retaliation will spiral, hitting the total amount of global commerce.
Even if the overall effect is to harm growth, there could be benefits for some European companies and sectors. Economists Alicia Garcia Herrero and Jianwei Xu at the French bank Natixis say that European makers of cars, aircraft, chemicals, computer chips and factory machinery could in theory snare market share by substituting for Chinese or American products in the two markets. But that's only if Europe's own trade dispute with the US does not escalate — a big if.
Europe is waiting to see whether the Trump administration will go ahead separately with tariffs on auto imports. European companies like BMW, Daimler's Mercedes-Benz, Volkswagen's Porsche and Audi divisions, and Fiat Chrysler send $46.6 billion worth of vehicles every year to the US Some 13.3 million people, or 6.1 percent of the employed population of the EU, work in the automotive sector, according to the European Automobile Manufacturers Association.
"Europe cannot win anything" on an overall basis "for one obvious reason: we are net exporters," said Garcia Herrero, chief economist for Asia Pacific at Natixis and a senior fellow at European research institute Bruegel. "But we should not understate the view that some sectors could get something out of a US-China trade war."
Amid the brewing conflict, China has sought to get Europe on its side, putting on a diplomatic charm offensive during visits by Merkel and French Prime Minister Edouard Philippe. The EU and China agreed last month to deepen commercial ties and support trade rules. But the EU remains a close, longtime ally of the US on a range of issues, despite the current tensions with the Trump administration.
One negative outcome for Europe, Herrero said, would be if Trump can push the Chinese into a trade agreement aimed at reducing the US trade deficit. The additional US goods to China could come at the expense of European competitors.
"If China concedes to the US proposed agreement, the whole situation faced by the EU would be much tougher," they and Xu wrote in a research note. "For China to massively reduce its trade surplus with the US, it has to in some ways substitute its imports away from the EU to the US, which would have a significant negative impact on the EU producers."
- Associated Press
THE Supreme Court, sitting en banc, has upheld a Bureau of Internal Revenue (BIR) memorandum which held that allowances, bonuses, and other benefits given to government employees are subject to tax.
The court had partially granted a 2014 petition which claimed these were nontaxable fringe and de minimis benefits.
According to a statement released by the SC's Public Information Office on Wednesday, the petition challenged the Bureau of Internal Revenue's (BIR) Revenue Memorandum Order (RMO) No. 23-2014 “which classified as taxable compensation income allowances, bonuses, compensation for services granted to government employees.”
The memorandum, which took effect on July 7, 2014, stated all fringe benefits received by government employees are subject to fringe benefits tax.
In a unanimous vote made on Tuesday, the high court “struck down Section VI of RMO 23-2014 but upheld the validity of Sections III, IV, and VII which subject the claimed non-taxable fringe and de minimis benefits to tax and requires the government, as employer, to withhold the amount corresponding to the tax,” the statement said.
“[A]ll income received by an employee from his/her employer is presumptively taxable and subject to withholding,” the court ruled.
The statement said, “[i]n upholding Sections III and IV, the Court ruled that no additional tax is imposed as the two sections merely mirror the relevant provisions of the National Internal Revenue Code (NIRC) of 1997 on withholding tax on compensation income.”
Section III of the RMO states that government offices, including government-owned or controlled corporations (GOCC) are constituted as withholding agents of the creditable tax required to be withheld from compensation paid to employees while Section IV listed benefits such as the 13th month pay are not subject to income tax and withholding tax. Section VII lists the penalties for not complying with the RMO.
The statement added: “The Court declared null and void Section IV of RMO 23-2014 only where it names the Governor, City Mayor, Municipal Mayor, Barangay Captain, and Heads of Office in government agencies, government-owned or controlled corporations, and other government offices, as persons required to withhold and remit withholding taxes.”
The high court found that the BIR “overstepped the boundaries of its authority to interpret existing provisions of the NIRC (National Internal Revenue Code) of 1997 in issuing Section VI as the NIRC of 1997 does not require any of these officers to deduct, withhold, and remit the correct amount of withholding taxes.”
According to the SC, the BIR “acted in grave abuse of discretion in issuing Section VI” of the memorandum as “imposing upon these officials an obligation not found in law or in Implementing Rules, the (BIR) did not merely issue an interpretative rule designed to provide guidelines for enforcement of the law but supplanted details — a power vested by law only on the Secretary of Finance.”
The SC statement noted the decision is to be applied prospectively. — Dane Angelo M. Enerio
(Adds details on SEC's ethics compliance system, how it compares with FINRA's)
By Sarah N. Lynch
WASHINGTON May 3 A former accountant at the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) is expected to settle criminal and civil charges, after they were caught illegally trading options while working at the agency, according to sources familiar with the matter.
The charges against David Humphrey, a 16-year SEC veteran, represent a rare instance of the SEC taking enforcement action against one of its own employees.
The SEC has strict securities trading rules for its employees as many of them have access to highly sensitive, non-public and potentially market-moving information.
Humphrey was charged with one criminal count of making a false written statement, after repeatedly filing false government ethics forms that failed to disclose certain investments, according to a federal court filing.
Sources familiar with the case said they are expected to plead guilty to the criminal charge, and settle related civil SEC charges, after they were caught trading options - many on their SEC work computer - over more than a decade for himself, as well as for their mother and a friend.
They will also pay more than $100,000 in penalties and ill-gotten profits to settle the SEC's civil case, and will be barred from practicing as an accountant before the SEC, the sources added.
The sources provided the information about the pending cases to Reuters anonymously, because the SEC charges and the plea deal have not been made public.
An SEC spokesperson did not comment on the pending case.
Humphrey, who resides in Arizona and is no longer employed at the SEC, referred questions about the case to their attorney Ken Lench of Kirkland & Ellis.
Lench declined to comment.
SEC employees are banned from holding stock in companies directly regulated by the SEC, such as banks, and they are also required to get clearance prior to trading. Trading in options, or other financial instruments that derive value from securities, is also banned for all SEC employees.
In this case, Humphrey is alleged to have not only traded options and failed to report them, but also failed to seek clearance before making trades, among other things.
The SEC has an electronic system in which employees must report and get pre-approval prior to trading. Additionally, employees also must provide copies of all their brokerage statements to the SEC's ethics office.
Wall Street's self-funded regulator, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), takes things a step further by having brokerage firms directly send FINRA duplicate copies of its employees' account transactions.
Humphrey served from 2004-2014 as a middle-level manager at the SEC's Corporation Finance Division, according to the court filing. While employees there are likely to have access to material, non-public information, Humphrey is not expected to be accused of using any such information to inform their options trading strategy, the sources said.
Their wife Marie Humphrey was also previously employed at the SEC, according to public records and people familiar with the matter.
While government ethics rules governing prohibited holdings generally apply to both spouses, their wife is not expected to be charged in the case or accused of any wrongdoing.
Reuters was unable to reach them for comment.
RARE SITUATION
SEC staffers have been prosecuted for various ethics violations in the past, but it is not common.
In 2013, the SEC's inspector general and federal prosecutors in New York announced criminal charges against Steven Gilchrist, a former compliance examiner. They were accused of making false statements about stock holdings by telling the regulator they had divested their bank stocks, when in truth they transferred them to a joint account held with their mother.
They later reached a deferred prosecution agreement.
Another former SEC examiner, Eugenia Cantiello, also reached a deferred prosecution agreement in 2015 for making false statements about them and their husband's prohibited stock holdings.
However, in both cases, the SEC's enforcement staff did not bring parallel civil charges.
The SEC has brought civil charges against former SEC employees at least two other times, though in both cases the underlying conduct occurred after those staffers departed the federal government. (Reporting by Sarah N. Lynch; Editing by Carmel Crimmins and Lisa Shumaker)
Damian Lillard reaches 10,000 career points with 32 points against the Raptors
Published 2:09 PM, February 03, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – DeMar DeRozan delivered 35 points and nailed a career-high matching 6 three pointers as the Toronto Raptors rebounded from Thursday's loss with an emphatic 130-105 demolition of the Portland Trail Blazers.
The Raptors' statement win on Friday night, February 2, was not only their 6th consecutive over Portland but it came less than 24 hours after a disappointing 122-119 loss to the Washington Wizards.
"When you come off a loss like that you just can't wait to get back on the court and redeem yourself," DeRozan said of the Raptors, who have the best winning record (20-4) in the league at home.
"That's what tonight was. We came back to our comfort zone on our home floor and we tried to have that energy that we didn't have last night."
Fred VanVleet scored 16 points, Kyle Lowry had 15 and Pascal Siakam 13 for the Raptors, who made a season high 19 from beyond the arc.
DeRozan made 11-of-22 shots and matched their career-high for 3-pointers. They finished 6-for-10 from long range.
"So many options opened up I just tried to exploit them," they said.
Toronto shot 19-for-40 from behind the arc, with 9 players making at least one 3-pointer.
Portland's Damian Lillard became the fastest player in club history to reach 10,000 career points with a 32-point performance against Toronto.
The Blazers have lost 5 of their past 7 on the road and they had a 4-game win streak halted.
CJ McCollum scored 21 points and Jusuf Nurkic had 20 as the Blazers opened their February schedule on a losing note after winning a league high 11 games in the month of January.
Lillard headed into the contest just 12 points away from 10,000. They reached the milestone on a driving layup with 45 seconds left in the first quarter, then passed it with a 3-pointer at 9:06 of the second.
The Raptors' season-long 4-game homestand continues Sunday against Memphis.
Parker makes season debut
In Milwaukee, Jabari Parker scored 12 points in their season debut after a 51-week injury absence as the Milwaukee Bucks beat the New York Knicks 92-90.
Giannis Antetokounmpo made the game-winning layup with two seconds left in the 4th to clinch the victory for the Bucks, who have now won 5-of-6.
"It was emotional," said Parker. "It was the same place I hurt myself. I just tried to keep the same mindset I had during rehab, take it step-by-step and play-by-play."
Parker hadn't played since tearing their left ACL in February 2017 during a game against Miami.
Elsewhere, Anthony Davis scored 43 points to help the New Orleans Pelicans beat the Oklahoma City Thunder 114-100.
Davis made 17-of-34 shots and had 10 rebounds, and E'Twaun Moore added 26 points for the Pelicans.
Oklahoma City's Russell Westbrook had 16 points, 14 assists and 10 rebounds for their 16th triple-double of the season. Steven Adams had 23 points and 12 rebounds for the Thunder, who lost their 3rd straight game after an 8-game winning streak.
Westbrook approached a triple-double in the first half with 9 points, 9 assists and 7 rebounds to help the Thunder take a 58-54 lead at halftime.
The Pelicans seized the momentum early in the 3rd quarter as they managed to contain Westbrook for the rest of the game.
American sports broadcaster ESPN reported earlier Friday that Westbrook would not face disciplinary action from the league for shoving a Denver supporter who left their seat and walked onto the playing court. – Rappler.com
THE brave Australian women who have served and died for their country across the last century have been honoured at the Dawn Service in Canberra.
Retired Colonel Susan Neuhaus gave the commemorative address at the Australian War Memorial service this year where 38,000 people gathered in the pre-dawn dark to pay tribute to current and past serving personnel on the 103rd anniversary of the Gallipoli landing.
The decorated ex-Army officer, whose more than 20-year-career included service in Cambodia, Bougainville and Afghanistan, was the first woman ever to give the address.
RELATED: Aussie troops continue the Anzac story
Camera Icon 38,000 people attended the dawn service at the National War Memorial in Canberra. Picture: AAP
Dr Neuhaus spoke of all the Australian men and women who have fought for their country in their speech this morning but highlighted the often forgotten role of women who have served and died for Australia since the Boer War.
They spoke particularly of the 22 nurses evacuated from Singapore in 1942, who swam through the night to reach the shore when their ship sank and were then executed on the beach by Japanese soldiers.
They recalled Matron Irene Drummond, who spoke words of comfort and courage to their nurses before they were shot or pushed into the waves at bayonet point.
“Chins up girls,” Drummond said.
GALLIPOLI: Aussies flock to pay respects
Camera Icon Colonel Susan Neuhaus with 97 year old World War II Veteran Bob Semple, who also spoke at the service in Canberra. Picture: News Corp Australia, Kym Smith
“I'm proud of you and I love you all.”
Dr Neuhaus choked back tears in an emotional speech as they recalled those they had fought
with, the servicemen and women who had died in past conflicts and “those whose names have yet to be written” on the walls of the Australian War Memorial.
The distinguished surgeon spoke of the devastation of war, the “severed limbs and broken bodies” and the families the Anzacs left behind.
“I stand in awe of what those before have given me,” they said, while highlighting that every Australian whether they have a direct link to the Anzacs or not, has benefited from their sacrifice.
“Now, I understand that when the bugler sounds the reveille, it is a call to awaken,” they said.
“It is not a call to the dead but a call to the living and it calls to each of us.
RELATED: Turnbull opens Sir John Monash Centre
Camera Icon Benjamin Sime reads letters and diaries of Australians who experienced war firsthand during the dawn service at the National War Memorial in Canberra. Picture: AAP
“That we might use the threads of their sacrifice to strengthen the fabric of this nation.
“That we might live our lives with the same courage, the same loyalty, that we might be imbued with fairness and compassion for those less fortunate.”
Speaking after the service, Dr Neuhaus said they wanted to shine a light on women particularly.
But also others who were often forgotten in the dominant stereotype of the
Australian soldier, including indigenous and multinational soldiers.
The ceremony opened with a haunting didgeridoo refrain by Wing Commander Jonathan Lilley, a member of the Worimi people and the Air Force Senior Indigenous Liaison Officer.
Miranda Lambert is moving on — with a new guy.
The singer is reportedly dating Turnpike Troubadours singer Evan Felker months after splitting from boyfriend Anderson East.
According to Us Weekly, the musicians began “spending a lot more time together” while on tour earlier this year. After nearly one-and-a-half years of marriage, Felker's wife Staci Nelson reportedly filed for divorce in mid-February.
Jason Merritt/Getty; Frazer Harrison/Getty
Felker, 34, opened with their band for Lambert, also 34, on their Livin' Like Hippies Tour for a few shows in February. Reps for both Lambert and Felker had no comment.
Want to keep up with the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
Though the “Tin Man” singer hasn't spoken publicly about their split from East, 29, they seemingly alluded to the breakup while accepting the award for song of the year at the ACMs on April 15.
“Thank you guys so much for sharing my broken heart with me,” Lambert — who dated the singer-songwriter for more than two years after their divorce from Blake Shelton — said in their acceptance speech for their record-breaking win.
Hallucinations, paranoia and self inflicted injuries are some of the adverse effects of even short term solitary confinement.
Campaigners have today been calling for the practice to be abolished in Irish prisons.
Professor Juan E Mendez is a former political prisoner who was subjected to torture and administrative detention for more than a year.
They say clinicians have proved it can produce adverse health effects in someone after only a few days:
As the investigation continues into the Las Vegas massacre, Oklahoma City's own local trauma center is assessing its preparedness for a mass casualty event. State funding issues have led to fewer available hospital beds.
OU Medical Center has the only level one trauma center in the entire state, but hospital CEO Chuck Spicer says right now, most of the beds are occupied by non-trauma patients from rural areas.
After seeing hundreds of people in need of immediate medical attention in Las Vegas, Spicer started to calculate the numbers. “I know we would have done it because I know my colleagues and the community are strong,” Spicer says, “my team is strong, but I can't imagine how hard it would have been.”
Sadly, Spicer thinks many patients might end up in makeshift triage areas because the trauma center continues to be inundated with patients with more common conditions. They say they simply do not have access to care where they live, as state and federal budget cuts have forced a number of rural hospitals to close their doors. “We have occasions where we have no beds,” says Spicer, “and we have a patient in one of those beds that could be in another part of the state, and the level one trauma patient gets bounced to Dallas or to Wichita.”
State mental health and substance abuse commissioner Terri White says the key is to try to prevent horrible tragedies, but Oklahoma ranks among the worst in the nation for mental health care funding. “When we take away services, that's when crisis happens,” White says. “That's when bad things happen.
On Thursday INTEGRIS Hospital broke ground on a brand-new addiction and mental illness facility in Edmond, and more funding is promised through State Question 781 approved by voters last year. The results of those efforts, however, are at least a year away.
“We carry a waiting list everyday of at least 600 Oklahomans who have been assessed and need residential treatment in a bed for their addiction, and every bed in our state is full,” White says.
Spicer says the trauma center does combat overcrowding issues by conducting regular drills to be as prepared as possible in the event of a major emergency.
Firozabad: The fear of failure is so high among students taking the Uttar Pradesh Board examinations that some of them turned to desperate measures like attaching notes on their answer sheets.
Currency notes of Rs 100, Rs 50 and Rs 500 were found in answer sheets during the checking of 12th board examination papers in Firozabad district.
The teachers said, "Students, whose exams did not go well, are attaching currency notes in the examination papers to bribe us. We are giving marks only on merit. None of us are accepting the money found in the answer sheets."
Another thing that came to light was that the CCTV cameras that were installed inside the examination centres were not working as their connection wires were damaged. When teachers were asked about the same, they refused to comment on it.
Recently, in a related but different episode, a video went viral, wherein a miscreant brandishing gun can be seen inside an examination hall for facilitating the students to cheat.
The incident took place at Dr Bhimrao Ambedkar University in Agra. Vice-Chancellor Dr Arvind Kumar Dixit said that the matter would be probed with the help of administration and police force.
* BHP declares force majeure on Australian coal
* Coal prices surge
* Fourth miner to make declaration after cyclone hits (Adds impact on coal prices, number of BHP mines)
SYDNEY, April 5 BHP Billiton BLT.L>, the world's biggest exporter of coal used to make steel, declared force majeure on Wednesday for coal deliveries from its mines in Australia's Bowen Basin after a cyclone damaged railway lines, disrupting delivery to ports.
BHP has interests in 11 coal mines in the Bowen Basin, with nine operated as joint ventures with Japan's Mitsubishi Corp. under the BMA name and two in partnership with Mitsui , called BMC.
"BHP Billiton confirms that force majeure has been declared for all BMA Coal and all BMC Coal products as a result of damage caused by Cyclone Debbie to the network infrastructure of rail track provider Aurizon," the company said in a statement emailed to Reuters.
Force majeure is a commercial term that means a buyer or seller cannot fulfill their obligations because of outside forces. It is typically invoked after natural disasters or accidents.
A critical mountain pass on the railway connecting Australia's biggest coking coal mines to ports has been hit by landslides and buckled tracks caused by the cyclone, leading to the disruptions.
The line's operator, Aurizon Holdings, said it would take around five weeks to complete all repairs and alternative routes were being considered.
"BHP Billiton continues to assess haulage options to manage access from mine sites to ports and shipments to customers. We continue to monitor and work through the impacts to production and will provide updates over coming weeks and detail in the Operational Review."
The company is the fourth miner to declare force majeure in the region.
Chinese coking coal futures jumped more than 7 percent on Wednesday to a four-month high amid worries over tighter supplies from Australia.
The spike in Chinese prices followed a 43 percent surge in Singapore-listed futures of Australian premium coking coal over the past two days.
(Reporting by Tom Westbrook and James Regan; Editing by Richard Pullin)
A FATHER of three daughters who were sexually assaulted by Larry Nassar tried to attack the former USA Gymnastics doctor during a sentencing hearing today.
Two of Randall Margraves' daughters, Lauren and Madison Rae, had just finished addressing the court, saying they and another sister had been sexually abused by Nassar under the guise of medical treatment.
The third sister, Morgan Margraves, read their victim impact statement during Nassar's last month's sentencing.
Camera Icon Deputies restrain Randall Margraves, father of three victims of Larry Nassar on February 2 in a Michigan court. Picture: AP
After hearing their two daughters' impact statements, Mr Margraves asked the judge for “five minutes” alone with Nassar.
When they declined, they asked for one minute and said they were a distraught father.
Camera Icon Randall Margraves (left), father of three victims of Larry Nassar (bottom right), lunges at Nassar in the court hearing today. Picture: AP
They then looked at Nassar, shook their head and called them a “son of a bitch” while speaking at the courtroom podium.
The judge cautioned Mr Margraves against using profanity.
Camera Icon Randall Margraves, father of three victims of Larry Nassar, is restrained by court officials after lunging at Nassar. Picture: AP
They then lunged at Nassar, who was sitting nearby.
Mr Margraves was wrestled to the ground by court deputies and taken into police custody.
Crying could be heard in the courtroom as Nassar was escorted out.
Camera Icon Randall Margraves, father of three victims of Larry Nassar, attempted to attack Nassar after hearing their daughters' impact statements in court. Picture: AP
Mr Margraves' daughters seemed to be in a state of shock as they looked on from behind the podium as their father was dragged from the court.
Assistant Attorney-General Angela Povilaitis told families in the courtroom to “use your words,” not violence.
“We cannot behave like this. I understand this is a remarkable situation. But you cannot do this,” they said.
“This is not helping your children. This is not helping your community. This is not helping us.”
The incident occurred during the third and final sentencing hearing for Nassar on sexual abuse charges.
Camera Icon Former USA Gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar during sentencing for sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment. Picture: AFP
During a similar hearing that ended last week, more than 150 girls and women came forward to say Nassar abused them under the guise of medical treatment.
The proceedings are likely to extend into next week and more victims are expected to speak.
IT'S been 20 years since Paul Rees and Steve Breheny helped orchestrate Adelaide's 1998 NBL title and they're still crossing paths on the court.
“I do run across Steve on a Monday night playing over 45s social basketball - with the emphasis on social,” Rees said.
“But I wouldn't have seen Phil (Smyth) much in the last decade or so even though we live in the same town and it's always great to catch up with Scott Ninnis and Mahersy (Brett Maher) and KB (Kevin Brooks).”
The 36ers will celebrate their proud history today by inviting 1998 and 99 championship players and coaches to the game against Perth as part of the NBL's heritage month. “It will be great to see a few old faces,” Rees said.
“The club is terrific and supports past players getting along and we're watching some pretty good basketball to be fair.
“They're entertaining, get up and down and are clearly a passionate group so who knows what the next six weeks holds for them.”
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
Check out our daily cartoon gallery featuring some of the best cartoonists from around the world, and across the political spectrum, covering current issues and figures.
INDEPENDENT commissioner Michael Heron has overturned Kagiso Rabada's two-Test ban, clearing South Africa's spearhead to play the rest of the series against Australia.
South African barrister Dali Mpofu successfully argued at Monday's six-hour hearing that the express paceman did not deliberately make contact with Steve Smith's shoulder during a screaming send-off that marred the second Test.
Rabada had their level-two charge of making "inappropriate and deliberate physical contact", which had resulted in three demerit points that triggered a two-Test suspension, thrown out.
Heron instead found the world's top-ranked Test bowler guilty of a minor level-one charge of conduct that is contrary to the spirit of the game, issuing a single demerit point and fine of 25 per cent of their match fee.
The reprieve is a significant boost for the Proteas' bid for their first home Test series win over Australia since the fall of apartheid.
It means the 22-year-old will retain their place in South Africa's XI for the third Test, which starts in Cape Town on Thursday.
Camera Icon Kagiso Rabada has had their ban overturned. Picture: Getty Images
The series is currently level at 1-1 after Rabada bowled their team to victory in Port Elizabeth, putting on a reverse-swing masterclass while snaring incredible figures of 11-150.
It also sets the stage for another fiery encounter between the rivals. Rabada, who was booked for two send-offs in Port Elizabeth, now has seven demerit points on their rap sheet and any further charge will trigger a two-Test ban.
Smith last month floated the idea of trying to provoke Rabada and it wouldn't surprise if that transpires at Newlands later this week.
"It could perhaps be a plan to try and get them fired up," Smith said at the time.
"You never know what some guys do when they're fired up."
Heron's verdict was somewhat of a surprise given Rabada told reporters last week they take "responsibility for what happened" and needs to stop "letting the team down".
"The key issue is whether Mr Rabada made 'inappropriate and deliberate physical contact' with Mr Smith. I am not 'comfortably satisfied' that Mr Rabada intended to make contact," Heron said in a statement.
"I consider the conduct was inappropriate, lacked respect for their fellow player and involved non-deliberate and minor contact. The actions contravened the principle that a dismissed batsman should be left alone.
"Rabada will be well aware of the consequences of any further breaches of the code."
Rabada was late to the Proteas' training session on Monday because of the hearing but will now have a standard lead-up to the third Test.
Australia opener Cameron Bancroft suggested on Monday that Australia are preparing to face Rabada in Cape Town, while Nathan Lyon suggested the tourists "don't really care what the end result is".
A California woman is facing murder, assault with a deadly weapon, and vandalism charges for allegedly causing the Jan. 7 highway wreck that killed a 29-year-old married father-of-two in their fourth year of medical school, according to multiple reports.
The Redding Record Searchlight obtained records from the California Highway Patrol detailing the charges against Grace Elizabeth Ward, 28.
The site reports Ward allegedly admitted to investigators they intentionally drove into oncoming traffic on Jan. 7, in an attempt to kill herself.
Instead, Ward only broke their leg, but shattered another family.
CBS.com reports authorities allege they steered their vehicle onto I-5 in Redding, and started driving the wrong way. Three cars managed to avoid them before they collided with the car being driven by Ryan Folsom.
Grace Elizabeth Ward
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
Folsom, according to KRCR News, was an aspiring doctor, who died on their way to an interview about a potential residency.
Folsom is survived by their wife, Lauren, and their two sons, who are 4 and 2.
Lauren Folsom is pregnant with their third child, according to police.
GoFundMe
Police allege Ward collided with a median before finding an opening used by emergency vehicles, according to the Record Searchlight. After sitting between the two lanes of traffic for more than 7 minutes, authorities allege they turned onto the highway and accelerated, even steering into cars as they approached.
Following the collision, Ward's vehicle came to rest upside down in the center median. Folsom's car ended up in a ditch along the highway.
• For more compelling true crime coverage, follow our Crime magazine on Flipboard.
Authorities allege that Ward called their mother before the suicide attempt, and revealed their intention to kill herself..
Ward is being held on $1.5 million bail, PEOPLE confirms through online records.
They have yet to enter a plea to the charges against her, and their public defender was unavailable for comment Friday.
Aug 13 (Gracenote) - Summaries from the English premier league matches on Sunday Sunday, August 13 Manchester United 4 Romelu Lukaku 33,52, Anthony Martial 87, Paul Pogba 90 West Ham United 0 Halftime: 1-0;Attendance: 74,928 - - - Newcastle United 0 Red Card: Jonjo Shelvey 48 Tottenham Hotspur 2 Dele Alli 61, Ben Davies 70 Halftime: 0-0;Attendance: 52,077 - - - Saturday, August 12 Brighton and Hove Albion 0 Manchester City 2 Sergio Aguero 70, Lewis Dunk 75og Halftime: 0-0;Attendance: 30,415 - - - West Bromwich Albion 1 Ahmed Hegazy 31 Bournemouth 0 Halftime: 1-0;Attendance: 25,011 - - - Chelsea 2 Alvaro Morata 69, David Luiz 88 Red Card: Gary Cahill 14, Cesc Fabregas 81 Burnley 3 Sam Vokes 24,43, Stephen Ward 39 Halftime: 0-3;Attendance: 41,616 - - - Crystal Palace 0 Huddersfield Town 3 Joel Ward 23og, Steve Mounie 26,78 Halftime: 0-2;Attendance: 25,448 - - - Everton 1 Wayne Rooney 45+1 Stoke City 0 Halftime: 1-0;Attendance: 39,045 - - - Southampton 0 Swansea City 0 Halftime: 0-0;Attendance: 31,447 - - - Watford 3 Stefano Okaka Chuka 8, Abdoulaye Doucoure 31, Miguel Britos 90+4 Liverpool 3 Sadio Mane 29, Roberto Firmino 55pen, Mohamed Salah 57 Halftime: 2-1;Attendance: 20,407 - - - Friday, August 11 Arsenal 4 Alexandre Lacazette 2, Danny Welbeck 45+2, Aaron Ramsey 83, Olivier Giroud 85 Leicester City 3 Shinji Okazaki 5, Jamie Vardy 29,56 Halftime: 2-2;Attendance: 59,387 - - -
By Arra B. Francia, Reporter
Local stocks climbed on Wednesday as investors continued to search for bargains given the main index's historically low valuation.
The benchmark Philippine Stock Exchange index (PSEi) climbed 1.12% or 81.08 points to 7,348.42. The broader all shares index likewise rallied 1.003% or 44.21 points to 4,454.04.
“I think it's primarily driven by broad bargain-hunting since the index is already trading at the low end of its historical valuation range. Investors might have also positioned in anticipation of a positive inflation release tomorrow,” China Bank Securities Corp. Research Director Garie G. Ouano said in a text message.
This is the first time the PSEi managed to stay in positive territory for four consecutive sessions since February, when the market was trading around the 8,600 level.
“Potential inflation surprises notwithstanding, I do think the rally is sustainable since the index is cheap already and a lot of the risks previously seen are short-term in nature,” Mr. Ouano said.
The mining and oil sector was the lone sub-index that suffered a loss, giving up 0.43% or 42.18 points to 9,669.62.
Services led advancers as the counter soared 1.93% or 26.83 points to 1,418.27, followed by property with an increase of 1.75% or 62.24 points to 3,625.24. Holding firms went up 1% or 71.59 points to 7,252.76; financials rose 0.61% or 10.98 points to 1,798.59, while industrial climbed 0.18% or 18.40 points to 10,465.87.
Some 590.0 million issues switched hands, resulting to a turnover of P4.94 billion, staying just above the P4.8-billion turnover on Tuesday.
The market saw an equal number of advancers and decliners at 100 stocks each, while 56 names ended flat.
Investors continued to pluck up select large cap stocks. Shares in SM Investments Corp were the most actively traded resulting to a 1.09% increase to P925 each. Ayala Corp followed with a rise of 1.42% to P928 apiece, while SM Prime Holdings, Inc.'s shares gained 2.78% to P37 each.
From Harford County government:
How does Harford County support healthy streams? The Department of Public Works' Office of Watershed Protection & Restoration will host an open house for citizens to learn about and join in Harford County's efforts to protect local streams and clean up the Chesapeake Bay. The open house will be held from 6:30 to 7:30 p.m. on Tuesday, March 20 at the McFaul Activity Center, 525 W. MacPhail Road in Bel Air.
The evening will begin with a brief overview from the county's Office of Watershed Protection & Restoration followed by an opportunity to visit different stations where staff will provide information and answer questions. The stations will include restoration projects and plans; recently completed stream monitoring and related studies; outreach efforts and opportunities for citizen involvement; the Watershed Stewards Academy; and navigating the Harford Streams pages on the county website.
The event is free and light refreshments will be provided.
The Harford County Office of Watershed Protection & Restoration, under the administration of County Executive Barry Glassman, seeks to improve the health of the streams, rivers, lakes and estuaries located in Harford County. For more information, visit http://www.harfordcountymd.gov/1841/Harford-Streams or like us on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/HarfordStreams/.
April 3 SM Energy Co
* SM Energy Co - On March 31, 2017 entered into amendment to amended and restated credit agreement - SEC Filing
* SM Energy Co- Pursuant to amendment, lenders agreed to set borrowing base and aggregate commitment at $925 million
* SM Energy Co- Amendment modifies credit agreement to allow company to enter into swap agreements under certain conditions Source text: [bit.ly/2nUz8og] Further company coverage:
(CNN) -- The disputed GOP-Rep. Devin Nunes intelligence memo has been posted on the House Intelligence Committee's we...
Posted: Feb. 2, 2018 12:32 PM
A group of pro-Trump Californians protested outside the Haste Muerte café (which means “Until Death” in Spanish) in East Oakland for refusing to serve a uniformed police officer last month.
“This is Trump country,” the protesters chanted, according to the East Bay Times. They also chanted, “Blue lives matter.” Supporters of the cafe reportedly showed up to the rally with signs and chanting, “Let's go, Oakland!”
Some of the pro-Trump protesters who came out in support of Oakland Police Department Sgt. Robert Trevino, who is Latino, carried American flags and wore flag-themed clothing.
Happening now: pro-Trump demonstrators outside #HastaMuerte cafe in #Fruitvale #Oakland after the shop declined to serve a uniformed officer pic.twitter.com/XIzTyjErYw — Erin Baldassari (@e_baldi) March 18, 2018
On February 16, Sgt. Trevino was refused a cup of coffee by the workers at the cafe due to “a policy of asking police to leave for the physical and emotional safety of our customers and ourselves.”
On its Instagram page, the cafe wrote its own account of why it refused to serve the Latino police officer:
Last Friday, February 16th a police (OPD) entered our shop and was told by one of our worker-owners that “we have a policy of asking police to leave for the physical and emotional safety of our customers and ourselves.” Since then, cop supporters are trying to publicly shame us online with low reviews because this particular police visitor was Latino. They broadcasted to their network that they were “refused service” at a local business and now the rumblings are spreading.
The post also featured a crossed-out Oakland police seal and badge in pink with the Spanish words “Habla con tu vecinxs no con la policia,” which translates to, “Speak with your neighbors, not the police.”
The coffee shop also supports convicted cop-killer Assata Shakur (JoAnne Chesimard), who escaped from a New Jersey prison and fled to Cuba after being convicted of the murder of police officer Werner Foerster in 1973. The Women's March supports Shakur, and the felon has even received support from Congresswoman Maxine Waters (D-CA), who is being challenged by conservative Latino Omar Navarro (R) in California's 43rd congressional district..
In an email sent to Breitbart News on Monday, one of the pro-Trump supporters present at the rally, Ashton Whitty, said that the anti-cop counter-protesters, ironically, threatened to call the cops on the pro-police protesters.
“After five minutes of standing outside the coffee shop, a man comes out and threatens to call the cops,” Whitty wrote in the email to Breitbart News.
They continued:
Basically they threatened to call the cops because we were peacefully protesting a coffee shop that hates cops. This coffee shop also has a picture of Assata Shakur, the famous cop killer, who escaped prison and fled for Cuba where they were protected by Fidel Castro. Funny, how the coffee shop supports a FBI wanted terrorist but not police officers who serve and protect. Shortly after this man threatened to call the police, a man stops their truck in the middle of the street and walks up to us, threatening us. He's saying “there's going to be consequences” as their friend is putting on black gloves and wielding a bat. Next thing you know a third guy shows up ripping down flags and attacks someone with a flag. Someone on the flag side tries to defend them with pepper spray, but someone from Antifa then pepper sprays all of them and also pepper sprays me. All while we're getting pepper sprayed one guy is hit with a bat. Someone was also tazed as you can hear in my video. When the police show up, people start calling us nazis despite the fact they attacked us for peacefully protesting.
The cafe also featured a picture of a Trump hat, designed in the classic “Make America Great Again” style, but in blue, which reads instead: “Make Racists Afraid Again.”
According to the East Bay Times, approximately a dozen of the pro-Trump protesters left the cafe and showed up at the Temescal farmers market on the 5300 block of Claremont Avenue and confronted Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf during their “mobile mayor” gathering.
Schaaf has been accused of obstructing justice for informing their constituents of a raid by officials with federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) last month.
Adelle Nazarian is a politics and national security reporter for Breitbart News. Follow them on Facebook and Twitter.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
[India], December 12 (ANI): Due to the bad weather conditions and fog around Trikuta Hills, the helicopter services to Mata Vaishno Devi in Jammu and Kashmir remained suspended for the second consecutive day on Tuesday.
The pilgrims, especially the elderly and handicapped, arriving at the base camp of Vaishno Devi shrine are facing difficulties due to the suspension.
Hundreds of pilgrims ares stuck at Katra and are waiting for the chopper service to resume.
The night temperature at most places in Kashmir division, including Ladakh, slashed last night.
Pir Panjal range in Rajouri and Srinagar continued to receive season's first snowfall, while the Mughal road and the Jammu-Srinagar National Highway has been closed for traffic due to snowfall in the region. Meanwhile, Solang valley in Manali of Himachal Pradesh also received fresh snowfall. The Met Department had earlier said that a western disturbance would affect the state from December 11. (ANI)
* NSE index up 0.17 pct, BSE up 0.12 pct
* RBI policy meeting on Thursday
* Shankara Building Products soars on debut
By Tanvi Mehta
April 5 Indian shares traded flat on Wednesday, paring gains after the NSE index hit a record high at the open, as investors took a breather ahead of the central bank policy meet due this week.
The monetary policy committee of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to leave the repo rate at 6.25 percent, where it has been since October, a Reuters poll found.
However, investors are expecting the RBI to announce measures to drain the 4 trillion rupees that has accumulated in the banking system in March, double as compared with January.
"The market is moving slightly ahead of time, so it is taking a small breather. One might see some profit-booking as well," said Deven Choksey, managing director, K R Choksey Investment Managers.
The broader NSE index was up 0.17 percent at 9,253.30, as of 0617 GMT, after earlier hitting an all-time high of 9,264.95.
The benchmark BSE index was 0.12 percent higher at 29,946.83. It went as high as 30,007.48, just 17.26 points shy of its record peak of 30,024.74 touched on March 4, 2015.
Housing Development Finance Corp dropped as much as 2.25 percent.
Among gainers, Shankara Building Products Ltd surged as much as 37 percent on its market debut, with its up to 3.45 billion rupees ($52.96 million) IPO oversubscribed more than 41 times.
Shares of Titan Company Ltd hit a record high after it said consumer sentiment has recovered in January-March quarter and sales were good for all divisions.
TVS Motor Company rose as much as 2.72 percent to a record high after posting a 10 percent increase in total vehicle sales for March 2017.
Indian stock, bonds and currency markets were closed on Tuesday for a market holiday. (Reporting by Tanvi Mehta in Bengaluru; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
Happy Easter from the Wests!
Kim Kardashian West shared an Instagram photo of their family dolled-up for the holiday, showing off their husband, Kanye West, and their kids in their Sunday best.
The 36-year-old reality star held son Saint, 16 months, while placing a hand on the shoulder of daughter North, 3½, who wore fuzzy slippers with their white dress.
West put on their “Dadye” hat for the festivities, dressing up in a bunny costume to surprise the kids at their holiday get-together. John Legend also got in on the fun in a similar white rabbit costume while hanging out with wife Chrissy Teigen and their 1-year-old daughter Luna Simone.
Kardashian West, who has recently shared that she'd be open to having more children despite two difficult pregnancies, documented the entire day on social media. They posed for a selfie with their decked-out husband and shared a photo of North and other children excitedly gathering around the costumed rapper.
🐰 A post shared by Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) on Apr 16, 2017 at 7:16pm PDT
Dadye 🐰🤣🐰 A post shared by Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) on Apr 16, 2017 at 7:15pm PDT
RELATED VIDEO: Kim Kardashian Battles Intense Anxiety As Kanye West Has A Breakdown: ‘I Just Want to Disappear'
The day's excitement also included a petting zoo — that the adults loved as much as the little ones. Kardashian West and Teigen posed alongside Kourtney Kardashian and Jen Atkin — as well as some animal friends, including a rabbit and some goats — on the reality star's Snapchat.
EASTER on my app A post shared by Kourtney Kardashian (@kourtneykardash) on Apr 15, 2017 at 7:59pm PDT
EASTER on my app A post shared by Kourtney Kardashian (@kourtneykardash) on Apr 15, 2017 at 8:00pm PDT
Queen of Easter. A post shared by Kourtney Kardashian (@kourtneykardash) on Apr 16, 2017 at 3:09pm PDT
Kardashian, 37, shared a number of throwback photos in honor of the holiday, showing their sisters with their Easter baskets and hunting for eggs.
The mother of three also showed off their outfit for the occasion, a floral print bodysuit with red heels, on Instagram.
“Queen of Easter,” they captioned a photo of themselves lounging with a cocktail.
TORONTO, April 20 Ontario's provincial government on Thursday introduced 16 measures designed to cool the red-hot property market in Toronto and the surrounding region. The rapid acceleration in home prices has prompted some economists to voice fears the real estate market in Canada's largest city is in a bubble.
Here is a summary of the 16 measures, pending approval:
* A new 15 percent Non-Resident Speculation Tax (NRST) on the price of homes in the Greater Golden Horseshoe area purchased by individuals who are not citizens or permanent residents of Canada or by foreign corporations. The new tax would be effective as of April 21, 2017.
* Expand rent control to all private rental units in Ontario, including those built after 1991, with rent increases capped at 2.5 percent.
* Strengthen the Residential Tenancies Act, including a standard lease with multilingual information, tightening provisions for "landlord's own use" evictions, and ensuring adequate tenant compensation if evicted.
* Use surplus provincial land assets across the province to develop new and affordable housing.
* Allow Toronto and other municipalities to introduce a vacant homes property tax.
* Ensure property tax for new multi-residential apartment buildings is charged at a similar rate as other residential properties.
* A C$125-million, five-year program to encourage construction of new rental housing.
* Providing municipalities with the flexibility to use property tax tools to help unlock development opportunities.
* Creating a new housing supply team to identify barriers to specific housing development projects and work with developers and municipalities to find solutions.
* Tackle practices that may be contributing to tax avoidance and excessive speculation in the housing market.
* Reviewing the rules real estate agents are required to follow to ensure that consumers are fairly represented in real estate transactions.
* Establishing a housing advisory group which will meet quarterly.
* Educating consumers on their rights, particularly on the issue of one real estate professional representing more than one party in a real estate transaction.
* Partnering with the Canada Revenue Agency to ensure the correct federal and provincial taxes, including income and sales taxes, are paid on purchases and sales of real estate in Ontario.
* Making elevators in Ontario buildings more reliable.
* Working with municipalities to better reflect the needs of a growing Greater Golden Horseshoe area. (Reporting by Solarina Ho and Matt Scuffham; Editing by Bernard Orr)
(Adds statement from Westchester County)
By Jonathan Stempel
NEW YORK, April 28 A federal appeals court on Friday admonished New York's wealthy Westchester County to stop its "total obstructionism" in implementing an agreement designed to boost affordable housing.
The 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals issued its warning after finding that Westchester, one of the nation's richest suburbs, twice breached a 2009 consent decree requiring it to build 750 affordable housing units in 31 mostly white communities.
"We are surprised by the court's comments" given Westchester's efforts to implement the decree, Ned McCormack, a spokesperson for County Executive Rob Astorino, said in a statement.
Westchester had agreed with the federal government to enter the decree in connection with the settlement of a lawsuit by the nonprofit Anti-Discrimination Center of Metro New York.
It said roughly 400 of the affordable units are already occupied, and that it has lined up more building permits and financing than required.
But U.S. District Judge Denise Cote last year found Westchester in breach by failing to build 28 units at Chappaqua Station in the town of New Castle.
They also found the county in breach for failing to complete an analysis acceptable to the Department of Housing and Urban Development of race-based and other impediments to fair housing.
In Friday's order, a three-judge appeals court panel agreed that the failure to build the 28 units reflected Westchester's "inconsistent, slow, and half-hearted" support for the project, and refusal to use the required "all available means as appropriate" to counteract local opposition.
It also said HUD had "good reason" to reject Westchester's analysis of fair housing barriers, including its lack of adequate strategies to address "problematic" zoning practices.
But the court saved its strongest criticism for the end, after noting that its order covered Westchester's sixth and seventh appeals over its compliance with the decree.
"All of these appeals have been rejected, and it is apparent that the county is engaging in total obstructionism," it said.
"The county would be well-advised to stop making excuses, and to complete its obligations under the consent decree with diligence and dispatch," it added.
McCormack said Westchester has been working with a federal monitor and a consultant hired to study fair housing impediments to complete its remaining obligations under the decree.
The Anti-Discrimination Center did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
The case is U.S. ex rel Anti-Discrimination Center of Metro New York Inc v Westchester County, 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, Nos. 16-2540, 16-2549. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; editing by Jonathan Oatis and Diane Craft)
The lifestyle brand uses the iconic song to pay tribute to overseas Pinoys
Published 10:25 AM, December 12, 2017
[Editor's Note: The following is a press release from Bench]
For Filipinos, December is the most special time of the year, with gatherings, parties, and family reunions planned to usher in the Christmas Season. For over 2 million Pinoys working abroad and their loved ones, it is doubly significant, as the month is also Overseas Filipino Worker Awareness Month.
This year, to commemorate the occasion, Bench, the Philippines' premier lifestyle brand, has launched “Anak”. It is an online film paying tribute to our OFW's, starring those most dear to them – their children. Inline with their #LoveLocal advocacy, Bench brought together participants from fourteen countries across four continents to create a version of Freddie Aguilar's timeless song unlike anything seen or heard before.
Crafted from the performances of sixteen children of OFWs, “Bench - Anak” weaves together multiple languages and dialects to reflect the multinational upbringings experienced by many Filipino families. Among the performers are Bench endorsers Rocco Nacino and Max Collins, who know all too well what it's like to have parents willing to sacrifice everything to provide for their loved ones.
“As a kid, siyempre hindi ko pa naiintindihan lahat. Ba't kailangan mo umalis dito,” says Nacino, who grew up in the Philippines while their father worked as an engineer in Singapore. As for Collins, who was able to live with their mother who worked as a store manager in Vallejo, Califarnia, the situation was no less difficult, as they grew up as an outsider for most of their life. Fortunately, the strength and support of their mother saw them through: “My mom is like my best friend. Siya yung tumayong nanay at tatay ko,” says Collins.
From endorsers to regular citizens, “Bench-Anak” is a testament to the deep love and bonds that can exist between children and their parents. This December, as families gather and prepare for the Christmas season, it is Bench's sincere hope that this film will inspire those who view it to spare a thought for those whose sacrifices make it all possible. – Rappler.com
Western Digital seeks injunction to block Toshiba chip business transfer
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp said it has sought an injunction that would stop Japan's Toshiba Corp from selling its NAND chip business, deepening a spat between the partners.
JESSICA Mauboy is finally getting their shot to compete at the Eurovision Song Contest.
The Can I Get A Moment star will sing for Australia at the 2018 event in Portugal, four years after they won over bemused Europeans with their halftime performance of Sea Of Flags .
Camera Icon Territorian Jessica Mauboy will represent Australian at the 2018 Eurovision Song Contest in Portugal. Picture: RICHARD DOBSON Picture: News Limited
That performance sealed the deal for Australia to be invited into the competition as a wildcard entrant, with Dami Im getting close to winning it in 2016 and Guy Sebastian and Isaiah Firebrace finishing in the top 10.
Mauboy said they felt they had “unfinished business” at Eurovision and feared they had lost their chance to represent Australia with their special guest appearance in Copenhagen in 2014.
The much-loved singer had cheered on their good friends during their campaigns but the “deeply competitive” artist admitted they had suffered pangs of professional jealousy.
“Hell yeah, I was jealous,” they said, laughing. “Of course I was rooting for them and they all did so great. But I wanted to be on that stage; I wondered if I could crash it.”
SBS, which has broadcast the event for 33 years, has ­enjoyed significant ratings success since Australia has graced the Eurovision stage.
Mauboy will be the second indigenous artist to compete for Australia. They will co-write Australia's entry song.
FILE PHOTO: The logo of commodities trader Glencore is pictured in front of the company's headquarters in Baar, Switzerland, September 30, 2015. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann/File Photo
LONDON Global diversified natural resource company Glencore (GLEN.L) has closed a $7.335 billion (£5.6 billion), one-year revolving credit facility that refinances an existing $7.7 billion, one-year revolver that was agreed in February 2016, the company said on Wednesday.
The one-year loan, which finances Glencore's trading operations, is part of a bigger loan package that also includes an existing US$6.8bn medium-term loan.
The unsecured facility has a 12-month extension option and a 12-month term-out option, which extends the final maturity until May 2019. The facility has no financial covenants.
The financing was launched at $5 billion and closed substantially oversubscribed after raising $8.55 billion in syndication from Glencore's wide and supportive group of relationship banks.
A total of 56 banks committed to the facility, including 31 mandated lead arrangers and bookrunners.
Due to the low average utilisation of the company's combined short and medium term facilities, the one-year facility was reduced to $7.335 billion.
Citigroup, Commerzbank, Standard Charted and UniCredit were active bookrunners on the financing.
(Editing by Tessa Walsh)
THE All Blacks continued to sidestep questions about bugs and security on Monday and indicate they have strategies to escape the clutches of any Lions-inspired rush defence used by the Wallabies on the weekend as well.
In their first media call back at the Double Bay Intercontinental since the bugging scandal broke last year on the day of the opening Bledisloe, the All Blacks weren't keen to talk about the matter that saw security consultant Adrian Gard back in court a few kilometres across town.
Gard was charged with making a false statement to police over the discovery of an alleged bug in the All Blacks team room.
RETURN: Beale ready to lead Wallabies
CANNON: Heads must roll over Force farce
COURT ACTION: Stars staying loyal to Force
All Blacks management asked media to not ask questions on the bug incident but, sitting on the same foam-covered banquet chairs as the bug was allegedly hidden in, Beauden Barrett and Ben Smith had to deflect a few that still came their way.
“It's great being back in Double Bay,” Barrett said.
“Is that (court case) on at the moment, is it? Look, we are focusing on our footy so we will let the court take care of that.”
Barrett was more expansive on the lessons learned by the All Blacks in their recent drawn series with the British and Irish Lions, where the Home Nations players troubled the Kiwis with a strong defence.
Using great linespeed and connectivity, the Lions smothered the All Blacks for huge parts of the three-Test series.
The Wallabies have said they took note of the Lions' strategies and would look to borrow from them, but Barrett indicated the All Blacks had not only fixed their issues, they were prepared to counter-strike if the Wallabies tried to use rush defence.
“It's an ongoing trend, more teams are starting to bring that linespeed,” Barrett said.
media_camera Beauden Barrett will have a vital role to play against the Wallabies.
“Some teams in Super Rugby adopted that style of defence, too, and we do understand it puts the person with the ball under a bit more pressure. But there are opportunities elsewhere, so if the Wallabies do bring that on Saturday, we have learned ways to deal with that.”
The All Blacks drawing the Lions series was not what most people expected but Barrett said they had learned a lot, and even suggested it was what they needed.
“We were perhaps tested in areas we hadn't been before so that's exactly what we wanted,” they said.
“That's how we ask those hard questions of ourselves and our teammates, and it gets the best out of our team. So moving forward it's just what we needed.”
Barrett has been on the end of criticism in New Zealand over their goal kicking, after some wayward shots in the Lions series saw the visitors scrap to a win and a draw.
But Barrett shut down a question about whether he'd made any changes to their style since the June/July series.
“I have been goalkicking since I was six years old and I have always been analysing my technique. It's no different to any other skill set,” they said.
media_camera Ben Smith bursts through the Wallabies defence in Sydney last year.
Australia may be hoping the Kiwis roll into Saturday's first Bledisloe Cup game complacent, and they have every reason to be after a Super Rugby season that saw Kiwi sides win all 26 trans-Tasman games.
But Barrett said that record would count for nothing.
“It's about the All Blacks versus the Wallabies in a Bledisloe Cup game, so there is plenty at stake. We know how much it means to us, winning the Bledisloe and we know how hungry they are,” they said.
“Of course and we know they'll be a different side too. They have been in camp for a fair amount of time, from towards the end of Super Rugby season, so they'll have been working on their game. We won't expect it to be the same.”
Originally published as Bug off! All Blacks swat away security queries
London saw three more stabbings overnight into Tuesday, with three teenagers wounded in the city in just two hours as Britain's capital experiences a historic surge of murders and violent crime.
A 17-year-old girl was arrested in West Kensington Monday evening after two other teenage girls were stabbed, the Metropolitan police said, with both victims taken to hospital where they remain in a stable condition.
In a separate incident the same night, an 18-year-old man was stabbed during a fight outside a south London railway station. London's Evening Standard reports the brawl was described by eye-witnesses as having been between school-uniform wearing teenagers and that the Woolwich Arsenal station was closed off by officers in the aftermath of the attack.
Leading Surgeon Says Violence in Khan's London ‘Like South Africa', Predicts ‘Summer of Carnage' https://t.co/FQnvhYEQq1 — Breitbart London (@BreitbartLondon) April 21, 2018
The attacks came shortly after a 20-year-old man was stabbed to death in Finsbury Park near the Seven Sisters Road on Saturday, and another man was discovered close by with stab wounds. The second injured party was arrested and police have launched a murder investigation. A “number of other people” are understood to have been involved in the fatal fight.
British newspaper The Sun reports the suspected murder — the 62nd in London this year — took place just yards away from the London home of hard-left opposition leader Jeremy Corbyn.
Breitbart London reported earlier in April that London had overtaken New York for murders in 2018, both in absolute terms and murders per capita in the cities. The revelation rocked the credibility of London Mayor Sadiq Khan, who had previously claimed that London was “the safest global city in the world, and one of the safest cities in the world” in 2017.
Solar Sh*thole: Mayor Khan Finds £34m for Green Projects, Same Amount Could Pay for over 1,000 Police Officers https://t.co/5ESiqUBxFn — Breitbart London (@BreitbartLondon) February 1, 2018
Their comments then invited some criticism as they came shortly after a terror attack in the city which saw radical Muslim Khalid Masood ram a hired car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before taking a knife and stabbing a police officer to death outside Britain's Parliament.
London has seen a considerable surge in violent crime over the past year, which has seen rises in almost all measures, according to official figures.
Posted by admin on March 20, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
April 5 Pakistan selectors named the following 16-member squad for the three-test series against West Indies that starts in Kingston on April 21:
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks during an interview with Reuters in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, U.S., April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
WASHINGTON President Donald Trump complained on Thursday that U.S. ally Saudi Arabia was not treating the United States fairly and Washington was losing a “tremendous amount of money” defending the kingdom.
In an interview with Reuters, Trump confirmed their administration was in talks about possible visits to Saudi Arabia and Israel in the second half of May.  They are due to make their first trip abroad as president for a May 25 NATO summit in Brussels and could add other stops.
"Frankly, Saudi Arabia has not treated us fairly, because we are losing a tremendous amount of money in defending Saudi Arabia,” they said.
Trump's criticism of Riyadh was a return to their 2016 election campaign rhetoric when they accused the kingdom of not pulling its weight in paying for the U.S. security umbrella.
"Nobody's going to mess with Saudi Arabia because we're watching them," Trump told a campaign rally in Wisconsin a year ago. “They're not paying us a fair price. We're losing our shirt.”
The United States is the main supplier for most Saudi military needs, from F-15 fighters to control and command systems worth tens of billions of dollars in recent years, while American contractors win major energy deals.
The world's top oil exporter and its biggest consumer have enjoyed close economic ties for decades, with U.S. firms building much of the infrastructure of the modern Saudi state after its oil boom in the 1970s.
Saudi officials could not immediately be reached for comment on Trump's latest comments.
But Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir rejected similar comments from Trump during their election campaign, telling CNN during a visit to Washington last July that the Islamic kingdom "carries its own weight" as an ally.
Saudi Arabia's powerful deputy crown prince Mohammed bin Salman met with Trump last month in a meeting that was hailed by a senior Saudi adviser as a “historical turning point” in relations. The talks appeared to signal a meeting of minds on many issues, including their shared view that Iran posed a regional security threat.
Riyadh and other Gulf allies see in Trump a strong president who will shore up Washington's role as their main strategic partner and help contain Riyadh's adversary Iran in a region central to U.S. security and energy interests, regional analysts said.
ISLAMIC STATE "HUMILIATION"
Asked about the fight against Islamic State, which Saudi Arabia and other U.S. allies are confronting as a coalition, Trump said the militant group had to be defeated.
"I have to say, there is an end. And it has to be humiliation," Trump said, when asked about what the endgame was for defeating Islamist violent extremism.
"There is an end. Otherwise it's really tough. But there is an end," without detailing a strategy.
A visit to Israel would reciprocate a White House visit in February by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas is due to meet Trump next Wednesday in Washington.
Trump has set a more positive tone with Israel than their Democratic predecessor, Barack Obama, who often clashed with the right-wing Israeli leader, and has raised concerns among Palestinians that their leaders may not get equal treatment.
Trump has also asked Israel to put unspecified limits on its building of Jewish settlements on land the Palestinians want for a state, and has promised to seek a Middle East peace deal that eluded their predecessors. However, they have offered no new diplomatic prescriptions.
“I want to see peace with Israel and the Palestinians,” they said. “There is no reason there's not peace between Israel and the Palestinians - none whatsoever.”
Trump brushed aside a question of whether they might use a possible trip to Israel to declare U.S. recognition of the entire city of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, a reversal of longstanding U.S. foreign policy likely to draw international condemnation.
"Ask me in a month on that," they said, without elaborating.
If Trump ties an Israel visit to next month's Brussels trip, it would be around the time Israelis are celebrating the 50th anniversary of the reunification of Jerusalem, when Israel captured Arab East Jerusalem in the 1967 Middle East war.
Successive U.S. administrations as well as the international community have not recognised Israel's annexation of the eastern part of the city, and the future status of Jerusalem remains one of the thorniest issues in the Israeli-Palestinian dispute.
Israel claims all of Jerusalem, which contains sites sacred to the Jewish, Muslim and Christian faiths, as its capital. Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of a future state of their own.
(Additional reporting by David Brunnstrom; Writing by Yara Bayoumy and Matt Spetalnick; Editing by Howard Goller)
Rolls-Royce chief technology officer Paul Stein tells The Engineer about new horizons for the company in novel sectors, and developments in its core technology for aerospace propulsion. Stuart Nathan reports
Rolls-Royce is sometimes called the jewel in the crown of British industry. A name with international recognition thanks to its heritage in the automotive sector (even though that is no longer part of the company), for many, it exemplifies the value of British know-how, its jet engine products are highly visible everywhere in the world, and it is obvious evidence that British inventiveness, with Frank Whittle's pioneering work in jet propulsion,can lead to industrial exploitation and a tangible contribution to “UK plc”. It is also a respected employer of engineers and a sponsor of much basic scientific research.
For a company so synonymous with technology – even in a world where, to some, technology means digital industries – the role of chief technology officer must be a daunting one. But to Paul Stein, the current holder of the position, it represents a logical progression of their career.
Trained as an electrical and electronic engineer, Stein ran Roke Manor Research in Hampshire for 10 years from the mid-1990s. “That gave me a grounding in what mobile telephony can do, what now we call the Internet of Things can do, what modern sensors can do and what modern software systems can do, so that was a pretty good background,” they told The Engineer. From there, they took a sideways step into the Civil Service, spending three years as director-general for science and technology at the Ministry of Defence. “The role was about making sure that the UK was prioritising its defence research in the right areas,” they said. “I felt very strongly that the MoD needed some help and I thought I could, in a small way, help what we needed to do nationally. At the time, we had quite a pressing campaign in Afghanistan and wanted to make sure that the money was being spent appropriately to help our armed forces in theatre with technological superiority, and at the same time preserving money for other threats and for future capability.”
On reaching the end of their contract with the MoD, Stein decided that they wanted to return to industry. Initially, they wanted to go back to electronics, but “out of the blue”, they said, they were contacted by Rolls-Royce “In a very famous phone call I had with Colin Smith, who was then the director of engineering and technology, I said: ‘But I don't know anything about gas turbines' and Colin told me I was perfectly qualified for the job because they had plenty of gas turbine experts, so I was offered and accepted the role of chief scientific officer.”
CSO was a specially created role for Stein, tasking them with ensuring that Rolls-Royce was not blindsided by an emerging disruptive technology. “The role was to horizon-scan, attend conferences, look at what the competition is doing and what the start-up community is doing, and make judgements about whether any of that was going to have an impact on our business.” Stein spent six years in this role, followed by single year as director of research and technology, before being promoted to CTO in April 2017. “My main role is to approve all technology investment across the company, making sure that is spent effectively and efficiently, and that we have a technology plan that keeps our products and services competitive and that uses technology to maximise productivity and keeps business future optionality open for us as a company,” they explained.
We have still got a long way to go in evolving the gas turbine; it still has a number of tricks up its sleeve
Gas turbines still represent the core of the business for Rolls-Royce, and as a propulsion system for larger aircraft – twin-aisle and longer range single-aisle – Stein believes they will be unchallenged for the next 40 to 50 years. “We are still increasing our understanding of turbine machinery, despite the gas turbine being 70 years old,” they said. “We have still got a long way to go in evolving the gas turbine; it still has a number of tricks up its sleeve.”
The main thrust of development for gas turbines is always to make them more efficient, generating more thrust with less fuel, reducing noise and cutting harmful emissions. Carrying the flag for this technology is the latest generation of Rolls-Royce's Trent gas turbine line, the Ultra-Fan, a development of the Trent XWB that powers Airbus's A350 airliner, currently the world's most efficient aerospace gas turbine. “To get the next step in efficiency, we have designed a brand-new core to the engine with a much larger fan at the front,” Stein said. This may have knock-on effects for aircraft design, they admitted; it may become more difficult to sling engines with ever wider diameters underneath the aircraft wing.
For smaller aircraft, however, Stein sees an increasing role for electrification of propulsion, although even electric aircraft may need an on-board gas turbine to generate electricity. Generating electricity may become increasingly important to Rolls-Royce in the future, they noted, as the nuclear sector becomes a larger part of the business. The company has been a nuclear player for many decades, building the nuclear reactors for the Royal Navy's submarine fleet, but it has not to date contributed to the civil nuclear sector. But that may be about to change, with the company's involvement in the UK's project to develop small modular reactors (SMRs). “Submarine reactors are there for a specific purpose – to propel submarines – and have not been designed as power stations,” they said.
The Rolls-Royce SMR design is specifically aimed at civil applications and was designed with a target electricity price of £60 per megawatt hour in mind – competitive with the current cost of wind power, Stein explained. Like the aviation sector, nuclear is a necessarily conservative industry because safety is so critical, and therefore the design of the reactor and steam raising equipment is in line with current nuclear reactor technology. “The physics is completely conservative technology that we know, fuel systems that we know, operating regimes that we know. The revolution is in the manufacturing technology. Rather than being the result of an enormous on-site civil engineering project, with custom-made technology of huge scale, SMRs “are prefabricated in a controlled environment using modern robotic assembly techniques, inspection techniques, and industry 4.0 devices,” Stein said. The company is working with civil contractors and electrical specialists such as AMEC and Siemens, along with others, so that it can offer a complete turnkey solution to building and commissioning a full nuclear power station based around its compact prefab reactor. “A lot of virtual reality technology is going into designing the factory that we will build if we get the product off the ground,” they added.
Rolls-Royce is working closely with the UK government to advance the SMR project. “We are calling it the UK SMR solution,” they said. “It's UK IP, UK manufacturing and UK jobs and UK research universities and work for the younger UK generation.” The goal is for the UK to be the pioneer of this technology, they stated, but if successful Rolls-Royce would look to enter into an international co-operation to exploit export markets.
Back with propulsion technologies, Rolls-Royce recently announced that it was among a group of investors taking stakes in Reaction Engines, the Oxfordshire-based company developing an air-breathing hybrid engine that can act like a jet in atmosphere and a rocket in space. This is an example of technology going full circle, Stein commented, as technology originated with thermodynamicist Alan Bond as part of a project called Hotol some 30 years ago. The company is working with Reaction Engines on developing “quite a large number of technologies,” Stein said.
Other innovations are taking place in the way that Rolls-Royce maintains its engines. This has in the recent past been revolutionary for the industry, Stein explained – the company pioneered a system of customers buying “power by the hour”, essentially paying for flying time with the cost including maintenance. Because this service depended heavily on the company being able to monitor its engines in service and determine when they might need repairs or checks, this was in effect an early use of the Internet of Things, they added: the engines were heavily equipped with sensors that transmitted data back to the company. It is now adding digital manufacturing to its list of digital technologies, in particular looking at using robotic techniques to allow engineers to probe the interior workings of engines while they are still on the wing and even to carry out repairs, such as rebuilding turbine blades using a combination of additive and subtractive technologies. “If you can perform a repair on the wing in a few hours as compared with a few days to remove an engine, then you're clearly going to be offering a better service your customers.”
The interior of the engine will also be undergoing changes. For some time now, the turbine fans in the hottest part of the engine core have been made from nickel superalloys grown as a single crystal. “The area which is almost relentless in its development is materials science. We are always looking for materials that can survive hotter environments, that can be more reliable, that can be cheaper or lighter or any combination of the above,” Stein said. The next stage from the current technology is likely to be ceramic matrix composites (CMCs), which are strands of silicon carbide baked into a matrix of the same material (sometimes known as SiC-SiC for this reason). “We are at the start of the journey with those, and that's going to take quite a while, because nickel has been with us for some time and we are very used to its properties, but we are at the start of the journey to start using ceramics, initially for small parts of the hot end and then more and more with time as the technology matures and we understand the properties better.” Although reluctant to give many details, Stein revealed that Rolls-Royce is now gaining experience of these materials in real gas turbine environments.
Paul Stein will be speaking on the first day of the Engineer conference (5th June, NEC, Birmingham)
Click here to register
Norwegian Prime Minister Erna Solberg, attends the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum (WEF) in Davos, Switzerland, January 18, 2017. REUTERS/Ruben Sprich
OSLO/BEIJING Norwegian Prime Minister Erna Solberg will travel to China next week to meet President Xi Jinping, Norway said on Friday, the first visit by a Norwegian premier since the countries resumed diplomatic relations in December.
Until then relations between Oslo and Beijing had been on ice, because of the award of the 2010 Nobel Peace Prize to Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo.
"China is our largest trading partner in Asia," Solberg said in a statement.
"The normalisation of our relations will create major opportunities for Norwegian businesses and for job creation. We also hope to resume negotiations on a free trade agreement with China."
The trip will take place from April 7 to 10. Solberg will meet President Xi and Prime Minister Li Keqiang, as well as other officials.
In Beijing, at a regular news briefing, China's foreign ministry spokesperson Lu Kang confirmed the visit.
Asked if China and Norway would resume a dialogue on human rights, Lu said there were no obstacles, so long as both sides returned to the foundation of mutual respect.
"But we resolutely oppose any country, in any way, using so-called human rights problems to interfere in another country's internal affairs," they added.
Liu, a dissident involved in the 1989 Tiananmen Square pro-democracy protests crushed by the Chinese army, was jailed for 11 years in 2009 on subversion charges for organising a petition urging an end to one-party rule. They remain in prison. The row between Oslo and Beijing led to the cancellation of talks for a two-way trade pact and difficulties for several Norwegian companies seeking to trade in China, such as salmon exporters like Marine Harvest or Grieg Seafood. Still, the $915-billion Norwegian sovereign wealth fund, the world's largest, was able to invest in mainland China during that time, and Norwegian oil firm Statoil was able to collaborate with Chinese oil companies CNOOC and Sinochem in the Gulf of Mexico and Brazil, respectively.
The Nobel peace prize winner is chosen by a committee in Oslo, while other recipients of the annual awards are decided in Stockholm.
(Reporting by Gwladys Fouche in OSLO and Christian Shepherd in BEIJING; Editing by Terje Solsvik and Clarence Fernandez)
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration, for pills (condensed pills) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11, 2022
77 Northern California businesses were required this week to comply with immigration audits of their workforces in what U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) has described as “protecting jobs for U.S. citizens” and other lawfully employed individuals.
Businesses received notices of inspection from ICE Homeland Security Investigations (HSI) special agents from Monday through Wednesday, ICE Spokesman James Schwab told Breitbart News. The notices gave each business three days from the date of being served to comply and produce I-9 documents.
Typically HSI takes the documents and conducts inspection for compliance. While the businesses were not initially identified, they were located within the San Francisco responsibility jurisdiction, including San Francisco, Sacramento, and San Jose.
Schwab said that HSI has increased enforcement activities to “enforce the laws that prohibit businesses from hiring illegal workers.” ICE Deputy Director Tom Homan has made known plans to increase the level of HSI worksite enforcement actions.
“HSI's worksite enforcement strategy is focused on protecting jobs for U.S. citizens and others who are lawfully employed, eliminating unfair competitive advantages for companies that hire an illegal workforce and strengthening public safety and national security,” Schwab said via e-mail.
The HSI investigations are ongoing, and any resulting criminal charges or penalties will be coordinated with the Department of Justice.
Employers not in compliance with the law face civil fines. Those employers who have knowingly violated the law face potential criminal prosecution.
HSI conducted 1,360 I-9 audits in fiscal year 2017. Those audits resulted in 139 criminal arrests and 172 administrative arrests, according to ICE. Audits also led to judicial forfeiture, fines, and restitution of $97.6 million levied on businesses and $7.8 million in civil fines. One business, Asplundh Tree Experts, Co., was hit with the largest ever ICE case civil payment in U.S. history. The case against Asplundh was conducted over the course of six years.
HSI plans to continue conducting I-9 audits and imposing civil fines.
Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana
Photo: file
Charlottesville Police Chief Al Thomas on Monday pushed back on reports that officers stood by as violence erupted at a white nationalist rally in the Virginia city on Saturday.
“Throughout the entire weekend, Virginia state police, Charlottesville Police Department intervened to break up fights and altercations among those in attendance at the rally site,” Thomas said at a press conference. “This began on Friday night and continued through Sunday.”
They said police “had a very large footprint during this entire endeavor.”
ProPublica on Saturday reported that “an assortment of Virginia State Police troopers and Charlottesville police wearing protective gear watched silently from behind an array of metal barricades” as white supremacists attacked counter-protesters during the rally. One man was charged with second-degree murder and other counts after they rammed a car into a crowd of protesters, killing one person and injuring more than a dozen others.
Thomas said police “had a plan” to bring attendees of the white supremacist rally “in at the rear of the park” where they planned to protest the planned removal of a statue of Confederate general Robert E. Lee.
“They agreed to cooperate with the plan. Unfortunately they did not follow the plan,” they said. “They began entering at different locations in and around the park and we had to quickly alter our plans to help facilitate that process.”
Asked about reports that police stood by as white supremacists, many of whom carried shields and clubs, attacked protesters, Thomas said officers were not initially dressed to intervene and “had to quickly transition” into “protective gear.”
“We were certainly not intimidated by the firepower of the alt-right,” they said. “However, it was prudent to make sure that officers were equipped to go out and deal directly with the violence at hand.”
“I witnessed personally dozens of acts of violence, people being assaulted and other general assaults as well with police officers in sight watching who did not intervene or help those victims,” a reporter pressed. “Did you give any orders to police officers not to help people who were being assaulted?”
“No,” Thomas replied.
“Why didn't you intervene, though?” a reporter pressed.
Thomas took a different question.
Asked whether they believed one side bore more responsibility for the violence than the other, Thomas said, “This was an alt-right rally,” but added there were “mutually combative individuals in the crowd.”
“It took probably an hour to gain control of the streets,” they said. “It was a challenge. It was certainly a challenge. We were spread thin once the groups dispersed.”
Thomas said they “absolutely” had regrets about the events of the weekend.
“We lost three lives,” they said. “We certainly have regrets. It was a tragic, tragic weekend.”
ALGIERS/RABAT The United Nations Security Council unanimously backed attempts to restart talks between Morocco and the Polisario independence movement over the Western Sahara conflict, and extended its peacekeeping mission there for another year.
The resolution came after the U.N. mission confirmed the Polisario had withdrawn troops from the Guerguerat area of the territory, a vast swath of desert bordering the Atlantic Ocean that has been contested since 1975.
They had faced off in Guerguerat since 2016 with Morocco, which pulled its forces back earlier this year.
U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres earlier this month called for Morocco and the Polisario Front, which fought a war over the region until a 1991 ceasefire, to enter new negotiations that would include proposals from both sides.
"This action should improve the prospects of creating an environment that will facilitate early implementation of Mr. Guterres's determination to relaunch the negotiating process," the U.N. spokesperson said in a statement noting Morocco's early pullback and confirming Polisario's withdrawal.
Morocco claimed Western Sahara after colonial Spain left, but Polisario fought a guerrilla war for independence for the Sahrawi people there until the U.N.-backed ceasefire.
U.N. talks have long failed to broker an agreement on how to decide on self-determination. Morocco wants an autonomy plan under Moroccan sovereignty. But Polisario wants a U.N.-backed referendum including on the question of independence.
The U.N. resolution on Friday extended the U.N. peacekeeping mission, known as MINURSO, until April 30, 2018 and called on the parties to resume a fifth round of talks.
Against a backdrop of decades of past political failures and mistrust, the resolution noted Morocco's 2007 autonomy proposal and welcomed Rabat's "serious" efforts to progress.
It also emphasised Polisario's 2007 proposal, which calls for a referendum between independence, integration with Morocco and self-governance.
Past attempts to broker a deal have been fallen apart over details mostly on referendum terms, including who should be allowed to vote.
REGIONAL HOPES
Morocco's foreign ministry said in a statement the kingdom was satisfied with the resolution, and hoped for a "real process" toward a solution, which it said should be the autonomy initiative.
Morocco also called for neighbouring Mauritania as well as Algeria, which backs Polisario and maintains tense relations with Rabat, to be involved in negotiations.
"All parties must assume their responsibilities, Algeria must assume its responsibility," Foreign Minister Nacer Bourita told reporters in Rabat. "Algeria is the missing key."
That position has in the past been rejected by Polisario which sees the conflict only between itself and Rabat.
Algeria's Foreign Minister Ramtane Lamamra on Saturday called the resolution a victory for the Sahrawi cause that put the process "back on track", according to the APS state news agency.
The dispute also reflect splits in the security council. France backs former colony Morocco, and Polisario's self-declared Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic has been supported by some non-permanent council members and South Africa.
Friday's UN resolution noted the need for more support for Sahrawi refugees who fled the conflict and have since lived in camps in the south of Algeria.
Since the 1991 ceasefire, the region has effectively been split by an earthen wall separating an area controlled by Morocco that it claims as its southern provinces, and territory controlled by the Polisario with a U.N.-mandated buffer zone between them.
U.N. peacekeepers intervened in a standoff last year after Moroccan forces crossed beyond the earthen wall in Guerguerat near the Mauritania border and Polisario responded by dispatching troops to the area.
(Additional reporting by Michelle Nichols in New York; Editing by Toby Chopra and John Stonestreet)
The party has nominated its former leader, 42-year-old Albin Kurti, as candidate for prime minister. The opposition Vetevendosje (VV) party 26.3% Nearly complete results in Kosovo's national election are showing that a … Vijon
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
The subject of the search warrant, however, is not in the Las Piñas property
Published 10:30 AM, June 14, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Government law enforcers found over 72 kilos of shabu, estimated to be worth P360 million, inside a warehouse in Las Piñas City on Tuesday evening, June 13.
Police from the Drug Enforcement Group (DEG), alongside Las Piñas police and the Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency (PDEA), implemented a search warrant on several individuals for allegedly violating the country's drug laws.
Seized at the Martinville Subdivision warehouse were 72 packs "approximately one (1) kilo each containing white crystalline substance probably methamphetamine hydrochloride."
But the subject of the search warrant, a certain Mr Lee with the aliases Johnny, Sy, Jen, Luk, Jimmy, Pilay, and Tanda, was not in the area. – Rappler.com
Acadian ambulances will remain in Jackson County. Supervisors just awarded Acadian a four year contract with options to renew. The vote was three-to-two, with supervisors Ken Taylor and Randy Bosarge voting against the new deal.
In recent days, Supervisor Taylor has been an outspoken critic of the Acadian deal. A week ago, they used Facebook to say a new contract with Acadian would be bad for Jackson County because "Acadian will be allowed more time to respond than if the contract were awarded to AMR." The district three supervisors post went on to say, "I oppose the county entering this contract with Acadian and am I fighting to get some transparency into this issue."
Supervisor Barry Cumbest supported the contract. "AMR was servicing the county before Acadian came here and there was a lot of displeasure with AMR at that time and I'm sure they've improved over what they were doing years ago, but Acadian's done a good job for us and it's just, we want to stay with Acadian," they said on Friday.
Copyright 2017 WLOX. All rights reserved.
[India], Dec 11 (ANI): Congress president Rahul Gandhi on Monday said the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has no plans for development of Gujarat.
While addressing a rally in Gandhi Nagar, Rahul said Prime Minister Narendra Modi often speaks about corruption, but doesn't do anything to eradicate it.
"They (BJP) say the Congress has disappeared from Gujarat, but why 50 percent of the prime minister's speeches are on the party and rest on himself? They have no plan for the people of Gujarat," Rahul said.
Rahul also expressed confidence over sweeping the Gujarat polls and said no one can stop the Congress from winning. They added the people of Gujarat have made up their mind to overthrow the BJP government, which has been ruling the state from past two decades. (ANI)
ROGER Federer's reign as king of the quokka selfie is over.
Long live the queen, Queenslander Margot Robbie.
The Swiss tennis maestro raised the profile of Rottnest Island in December when they shared a quokka selfie in the lead-up to the Hopman Cup.
The selfie went viral and the State Government claimed it had reached 581 million people worldwide.
As of yesterday, it had 541,000 likes on Instagram.
Camera Icon Margot Robbie during their brief stay in WA. Picture: instagram/lukeyskywalker
Enter Australian Oscar nominee, 27-year-old Robbie.
Not only did the, Tonya actor surpass Federer's record 541,000 likes, they did in little more than an hour.
If it were a tennis match, it would have been a straight-sets drubbing. The photo was posted about 2.30pm and had 850,000 likes by 6pm.
Unlike Federer's trip to the island, the State Government did not make travel plans for the Oscar nominee.
Camera Icon Tennis great Roger Federer and friend.
It is understood they were in WA with their mother to visit husband Tom Ackerley, a film director working in WA. They had breakfast in Cottesloe and lunch at Leeuwin Estate before visiting Rottnest on Sunday. They flew out yesterday after sharing the selfie.
Tourism Minister Paul Papalia said the idea had been floated with Robbie and they were delighted when they saw the post. They said the State Government had made a failed attempt to get Ed Sheeran to Rotto for a quokka selfie.
“We hope it becomes the thing you do as a celebrity visiting WA,” Mr Papalia said.
“It's unique. There's only one place in the world where you can get a quokka selfie.”
New York, NY (February 2, 2018) – Iconic American singer, songwriter and performer Don McLean is set to release their new album Botanical Gardens on March 23rd 2018 via BMG.
Botanical Gardens is available for pre-order with the title track available for instant download with pre-order purchase. Click here to pre-order
With over 40 gold and platinum records worldwide, their prowess for writing timeless songs is once again captured on Botanical Gardens, as they artfully weave country, Americana, folk, and boot stomping rock for an eclectic, yet American sound that they are known for.
Botanical Gardens, their 19th studio album and first in 8 years, is arguably one of Don's most reflective to date. As they characterize it, “The inspiration for the project started years ago when I would walk in the beautiful gardens in Sydney, Australia near the Opera House. I would dream young dreams and it was a comfort and an inspiration. I was always young inside, like we all are, and I felt it again there.” Further reflecting on the record, Don says, “the whole album really revolves around the title song. Later on I realized that the gardens are really a metaphorical heaven, and there's a kind of death and rebirth.”
Intimacy can be found at the heart of this record, with Don penning personal numbers looking back on a life well-lived, as well as their observations on youth and love. Recording at Watershed Studios in Nashville also allowed a different kind of intimacy for Don and their band, as they were made to “play close and feel the music”, resulting in a raw, yet tight sound throughout.
In nearly 50 years, Don's songs have become an iconic staple of American music. Their music has been performed by artists as diverse as Elvis Presley, Madonna, Fred Astaire, Drake, James Blake, Chet Atkins, Garth Brooks, Weird Al Yankovic, George Michael, Josh Groban, Coolio and Ed Sheeran.
Their biggest hit, “American Pie,” was recently recognized with high honors by BMI for achieving five (5) Million-Air certified airplay awards, along with “Vincent (Starry, Starry Night)” achieving three (3) Million-Air certified airplay awards. “American Pie” also has been inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame, and is also included in the archive at the Library of Congress. Don McLean was inducted in the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2004.
Recent news:
Opinion: Brexit boy scouts
Laura Board 15 June 2017
"Be prepared" is a mantra that has served generations of boy scouts and girl guides well, and is one that the insurance industry should take to its heart as a damaged UK government staggers towards the start of Brexit talks.
It's stating the obvious, of course. But it's worth repeating because Theresa May's devastating electoral own goal has revived inert hopes that Brexit will be softer, Britain will remain part of the single market and that financial services companies will...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article, then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
Inland Fisheries Ireland has appealed to anglers and the general public to remain vigilant and report the presence of any Pacific pink salmon in Irish river systems.
To date, 30 of the invasive pink salmon species have been recorded in Irish rivers.
Catches of pink salmon have been reported a number of rivers including the Drowes, on the border of Co Leitrim and Donegal. The fish have also been reported on the Foxford Fishery, Co. Mayo, the Coolcronan Fishery on the River Moy, the Galway Fishery on the River Corrib, the Cong River on the River Corrib and Crana River in Donegal. The most recent catches have been on the River Erriff and River Owengarve in County Mayo.
Identifying a Pink Salmon:
A Pink Salmon Factsheet and Identification Flyer is available for download here.
You can also view footage of a pink Salmon at the River Erriff here.
Pink salmon can be distinguished by a number of unique characteristics which are different to Atlantic salmon. They are as follows:
Large black oval spots on the tail
11-19 rays on the anal fin
Very small scales– much smaller than a similarly-sized Atlantic Salmon
No dark spots on the gill cover
Upper jaw typically extending beyond the eye
Procedure to follow if a Pink Salmon is caught
Anyone who catches a pink salmon is asked to:
Greater Trail RCMP confirms a report about an assault on a minor hockey referee in the Rossland arena was filed Saturday afternoon. (Photo by Matthew Fournier on Unsplash)
Berating a 15-year-old hockey referee then getting hands on with the senior official who intervened is outrageous, a thirtysomething Trail referee recounted.
But the worst part?
They say it's the parents who stood by in the Rossland Arena Friday night and either heckled or did nothing.
“I've been involved in Greater Trail Minor Hockey going on 30 years,” the ref told the Trail Times. “I've never seen anything like this and I think this story needs to be told because what happened is crazy – and it happens way more than it should right across the country.”
The misconduct began during a Bantam house game between Trail and Castlegar in the early evening of Jan. 26.
The senior referee showed up to officiate a later Bantam game – Greater Trail Minor Hockey Association held a Bantam tournament last weekend – when they noticed a group of spectators being verbally aggressive from the stands.
“They were yelling, giving the kids a rough time,” they explained. “So I hung around for a bit instead of getting ready.”
Then something happened on the ice, some pushing or shoving.
“The two young linesmen and one referee, all of them 15-years old, dealt with it,” the ref recalled. “They were at the penalty box doing their thing so I thought they had it all under control and the crowd was quiet.”
With only 20 minutes left before the next game start at 7:30 p.m., the man went to lace up in the ref's dressing room which is located close to the ice entrance/exit.
Shortly after, they could hear a very loud voice.
“I could hear the teams coming off the ice and I could hear some really loud elevated shouting right outside the (dressing room) door,” they continued. “By what this person was screaming, I knew they were yelling at the young referee himself.”
When the older official went into the corridor, they say the young ref was backed up against the wall with the parent screaming at a hair's breadth from the teenager.
“So I got myself between this guy and the young referee, I told the kid to go into the dressing room, then I proceeded to scold this man,” the ref said. “I wanted this guy to switch their focus to me and we exchanged words.”
The situation took an even uglier turn when the parent got physical with the senior official.
“He straight armed me to the throat because I wouldn't let them by to give the young fella more words” the ref told the Times. “And I wasn't going to let that happen.”
What happened next, rather what didn't happen next, is especially unsettling.
“All the while a large group of parents from Trail and Castlegar stood there and watched and none of them came to help,” they added.
“Several of them even heckled me for scolding this man, they said I was out of line.”
After the situation calmed with new players and parents arriving in the Rossland rink, the ref was left visibly shaken. Yes, they were disappointed with what had just transpired, but mostly, they were angry.
They reported the incident to BC Hockey and then on Saturday, to police.
“I am a full grown man and I can take care of myself so I am not going to press charges,” said the ref, who is also a father. “But they wanted documentation and that's why I filed a police report. All I could think about was what if there was another 15-year-old kid coming to ref the next game and not me – I mean how would you like it if someone yelled at your 15-year old like that?
“These are kids.”
Sgt. Darren Oelke from the Greater Trail RCMP confirmed a report was made to the detachment the afternoon of Jan. 27.
“The victim did not want criminal charges pursued in the matter,” Oelke said. “Basically the parent was reported to be verbally aggressive toward a 15-year-old linesman (sic) and when the head referee intervened they were pushed by the parent. It is being investigated by the BC Minor Hockey Association.”
Oelke says it's important to keep in mind that in minor hockey, the referees and linesmen are often only slightly older than the kids on the ice.
“Many rinks have adopted a yellow card policy where zero abuse by fans/parents will be accepted,” they said. “I understand the parent in this matter was banned from the rink in Rossland. Our file is concluded.”
David Flanagan, West Kootenay Lead for BC Hockey, says they were made aware of the incident shortly after it happened and immediately corresponded with all officials involved.
“I have gathered statements from all the officials that were affected by this incident and I have been corresponding with Greater Trail Minor Hockey providing them with written statements from the officials involved,” Flanagan said, clarifying a full investigation is underway by GTMHA.
“Further action includes liaising with Greater Trail Minor Hockey, West Kootenay Minor Hockey, and BC Hockey to ensure the appropriate discipline will be handed down to this parent, implementing steps to prevent a future similar situation, and communicating with all the officials involved to make sure they are supported after this negative experience.”
Still visibly upset but stressing this kind of conduct will not be tolerated in Greater Trail, the ref asked not to be identified. They plan on staying active as an official, and was concerned about whispers between the young players themselves.
“I am still going to be a referee and this guy might have more kids so I don't want to be , ‘that (expletive) who got my dad in trouble.”
The bottom line, they stress, is that this was a Trail dad at a Trail game with Trail officiating.
“And no one came forward to help,” they said. “So I think the punishment is not enough. They will be banned for the remainder of the year at minimum for all greater Trail minor hockey events.
“But I think their kid and all of those parents should be banned for the rest of the season as well,” they concluded.
“Because really, is this something we want in hockey?”
Got a news tip? Email me.
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
A Universal Robots robotic arm is displayed in their office in Singapore March 3, 2017. Picture taken March 3, 2017. REUTERS/Edgar Su
A Universal Robots employee demonstrates how a model of their industrial robot arms works in Singapore March 3, 2017. Picture taken March 3, 2017. REUTERS/Edgar Su
A Universal Robots employee demonstrates how a model of their industrial robot arms works in Singapore March 3, 2017. Picture taken March 3, 2017. REUTERS/Edgar Su
A Universal Robots employee demonstrates how a model of their industrial robot arms works in Singapore March 3, 2017. Picture taken March 3, 2017. REUTERS/Edgar Su
SINGAPORE Foreign precision engineering firms are investing more in Singapore, drawn by strong semiconductor demand and government incentives aimed at re-tooling an economy short of skilled labour.
The city-state is running programs worth billions of dollars to support productivity, automation and research, attracting global chipmakers including U.S.-based Micron Technology Inc (MU.O) and Germany's Infineon Technologies (IFXGn.DE).
This investment rush into electronics helped the technology sector log 57 percent output growth on average in October-February from a year ago, and kept Singapore from recession late last year.
"I've lived in Europe, I've lived in Japan, I've spent a lot of time in Taiwan and other countries. From a proactive standpoint, Singapore is about as good as it gets," said Wayne Allan, vice president of global manufacturing at Micron, adding the Singapore government's long-term vision was key to Micron expanding its investment.
Taking advantage of government grants, Micron is investing $4 billion to make more flash-memory chips in Singapore. It increased output by a third in the second half of last year and expects similar growth in the first half of this year.
Linear Technology Corp, a maker of analog integrated circuits, has opened a third chip testing facility in Singapore, and will produce 90 percent of its global test equipment in the city-state.
All this has created something of a virtuous circle in the semiconductor supply chain, with chip testing equipment supplier Applied Materials (AMAT.O) reporting record shipments to Singapore last year, said its regional chief, Russell Tham.
It's unclear how much of this revival in Singapore's $40 billion chip industry is due to a so-called ultra-super-cycle in the global memory chip sector, and Singapore remains a smaller player than South Korea and Taiwan.
"It is vulnerable to a pull-back," said Nomura economist Brian Tan. "If there's a turnaround in the semiconductor industry ... it becomes a lot more apparent that the underlying growth momentum is not great."
-For graphic on 'global memory chip market forecast' click: tmsnrt.rs/2k8LOqk
-For graphic on 'Singapore's semiconductor industry performance' click: tmsnrt.rs/2oLaZOi
MOVING UP
However, there are real signs that the targeted government incentives are helping firms move up the value chain.
One of the larger programs is the Productivity and Innovation Credit, where Singapore has budgeted S$3.6 billion ($2.6 billion) for 2016-18. Another S$400 million automation support package is aimed at small firms, and a S$500 million Future of Manufacturing plan encourages testing new technologies.
The Ministry of Trade and Industry says it encourages manufacturers to "embrace disruptive technologies" such as robotics. "These measures will help ensure the manufacturing sector in Singapore remains globally competitive," it said, attributing the strong semiconductors performance partly to demand from China's smartphone market and improved global semiconductor demand.
For Feinmetall Singapore, whose products are used for testing semiconductor wafers, grants covered about two thirds of the $100,000 cost of a needle-bending machine it needed to help overcome an island-wide labour shortage.
"If we use the same methods as before ... I don't think we can expect any growth," said Sam Chee Wah, the company's general manager, noting Feinmetall Singapore struggled to retain some workers for much longer than a year, even after nine months of training.
GlobalFoundries Singapore, a wafer maker, has spent $50 million on 77 robots, each able to perform the tasks of 3-4 workers. This has helped the company move up the value chain into parts for self-driving cars and security-related chips for credit cards and mobile payments, says general manager KC Ang.
Singapore now has about 400 robots per 10,000 workers, the world's second-highest density after South Korea. Most robots are used in electronics, according to the International Federation of Robots.
And further developments are in the pipeline.
AUTOS, IOT
At its Singapore manufacturing hub, Infineon is developing productivity tools such as robotics and automated guided vehicles which it hopes to deploy to other production sites. Dutch chipmaker NXP Semiconductors (NXPI.O) is also developing vehicle-to-everything technology, enabling vehicles to communicate with each other and roadside infrastructure.
Instead of trying to compete with high-volume producers such as China or Malaysia, Singapore has shifted to higher-end products, said Jagadish C.V., head of Systems on Silicon Manufacturing, another firm making semiconductor wafers.
"So you do the products which others can't do so easily," they said, adding their firm had shifted most of its output to specialized products, such as chips used in smartphones.
CK Tan, President of the Singapore Semiconductor Industry Association, noted the global chip industry is automating faster than other sectors because of cost pressure, a need to eliminate or reduce error, and have a consistent process control.
"In Singapore, it's even more important for us to ... look at how to speed up or increase the level of automation because of the lack of skilled resources," they said. "The industry has recognized it has to move upscale. The government incentives play a part to allow the manufacturing side to be relevant, to be at least cost competitive."
The Ministry of Trade and Industry said first-quarter growth in manufacturing - up 6.6 percent year-on-year, while overall GDP was up 2.5 percent - was due mainly to output expansion in electronics and precision engineering.
Integrated circuits were Singapore's biggest export product among non-oil domestic exports in January-March, topping S$6 billion ($4.29 billion), according to trade agency IE Singapore.
($1 = 1.3972 Singapore dollars)
(Additional reporting by Christine Kim in SEOUL, Jessica Yu in HONG KONG and Orathai Sriring in BANGKOK; Writing by Marius Zaharia; Editing by Ian Geoghegan)
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
April 12 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Libertadores Cup Group 5 matches on Tuesday Tuesday, April 11 Jorge Wilstermann (Bolivia) 2 Atletico Tucuman (Argentina) 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Jorge Wilstermann 3 2 0 1 8 4 6 2 Palmeiras 2 1 1 0 2 1 4 ------------------------- 3 Penarol 2 1 0 1 4 7 3 ------------------------- 4 Atletico Tucuman 3 0 1 2 3 5 1 1-2: Next round 3: Copa Sudamericana Next Fixtures (GMT): Thursday, April 13 Palmeiras (Brazil) v Penarol (Uruguay) (0045)
Patrick Whittle, THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
PORTLAND, Maine -- Officials with the U.S government say it's time to consider the possibility that endangered right whales could become extinct unless new steps are taken to protect them.
North Atlantic right whales are among the rarest marine mammals in the world, and they have endured a deadly year. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration has said there are only about 450 of the whales left and 17 of them have died so far in 2017.
The situation is so dire that American and Canadian regulators need to consider the possibility that the population won't recover without action soon, said John Bullard, the Northeast Regional Administrator for NOAA Fisheries. The high year of mortality is coinciding with a year of poor reproduction, and there are only about 100 breeding female North Atlantic right whales left.
"You do have to use the extinction word, because that's where the trend lines say they are," Bullard said. "That's something we can't let happen."
Bullard and other NOAA officials made the comments during a Tuesday meeting of the regulatory New England Fishery Management Council. Mark Murray-Brown, an Endangered Species Act consultant for NOAA, said right whales have been declining in abundance since 2010, with females hit harder than males.
The U.S. and Canada must work to reduce the human-caused deaths of the whales, Murray-Brown said. Vessel-strikes and entanglement in fishing gear are two frequently cited causes of the whales' deaths.
"The current status of the right whales is a critical situation, and using our available resources to recover right whales is of high importance and high urgency," they said.
The animals give birth in temperate southern waters and then head to New England and Canada every spring and summer to feed. All of this year's deaths were off of New England and Canada.
Some recent scientific studies have shed some light on why whale deaths have ticked up. One, published in the journal Nature Scientific Reports, stated that the whales move around much more than previously thought. Some scientists have posited that whales might be venturing outside of protected areas in search of food, putting themselves in harm's way.
In another study, published last month in the journal Endangered Species Research, scientists examined right whale feces and found whales that suffer long entanglements in fishing gear produce hormone levels that indicate high stress. The stress negatively impacts their ability to reproduce even when they survive entanglement, scientists said.
"My colleagues are trying to find solutions so we can find out how they can continue to fish, but not entangle whales," said a study co-author, Elizabeth Burgess, an associate scientist with the Anderson Cabot Center for Ocean Life at the New England Aquarium in Boston.
A five-year NOAA review of right whales that was released in October said the animals should remain on the endangered list. It also included recommendations to protect the species. They included developing a long-term plan for monitoring the population trends and habitat use, and studying the impact of commercial fishing on right whales.
Kitchener — Long time Kitchener Rangers trainer Dan Lebold has been added to Canada's staff for the upcoming world junior hockey championships.
He'll join head coach Tim Hunter's crew for the tournament, which runs in Vancouver and Victoria this December.
This will be Lebold's fourth appearance for Canada at the world juniors. They were part of the gold medal winning bench in 1997 and claimed silver with the Canucks in 2010 and 2011.
Two teenagers charged in relation to a shooting in Dewsbury have been remanded in custody.
Hasnain Khan, of Carrington Street, Bradford, and Owais Ashfaq of Gladstone Street, Bradford, have both appeared at Bradford Magistrates charged with attempted murder, robbery and attempted robbery.
Both men, who are 18, appeared on separate days but have both been held to appear at Bradford Crown Court on March 10.
Three further men, aged 19, 30 and 31 have since been released on bail pending further enquiries.
The shooting on Dewsbury's Cemetery Road on the evening of February 1 left a man seriously injured and needing hospital treatment.
Several roads in the area we re closed off until the next day.
Up to 80 staff are being recruited for a new £5 million, state-of-the-art animal centre at Wakefield.
Paragon Veterinary Referrals will be one of the largest and best-equipped animal centres in the UK when it opens its doors early in the New Year.
Currently nearing the end of construction, the centre, which is based in the city Paragon Business Park, will boast eight consulting rooms, five operating theatres, MRI and CT scanners, intensive care facilities along with a cutting-edge and all-digital imaging department.
A total of up to 80 staff will be employed at Paragon, including up to 18 referral vets and 32 nurses, while specialist services will include cardiology, neurology, ophthalmology and orthopaedic and soft tissue surgery.
Positions currently available include a diagnostic imager, internal medicine specialist, neurology specialist, oncology specialist and an ophthalmologist, as well as various nursing posts.
Ian Monteith, managing director of Paragon, said: “We are looking for the best possible people who, not only have the right skills and experience, but who will also fit into the ethos we want to create at Paragon.
“It is a significant and exciting opportunity for motivated, high calibre people to help shape something that has a very bright future for both the industry and for their own careers.
“Our philosophy is very much one of friendly co-operation between all members of staff, creating a pleasant, supportive and good-humoured atmosphere.”
Paragon is part of the vision of the Linnaeus Group, a buy-and-build company which invests in and supports 80-plus veterinary practices up and down the UK, including Dewsbury-based Calder Vets.
Calder's existing referral teams, plus two ophthalmologists its Mirfield branch, will be transferring to Paragon as Calder moves to solely first opinion work.
TWO people are being treated by paramedics after their car plunged into the Gold Coast canal system overnight.
The pair, believed to be a man and a woman, were found at the scene after the car entered the water on Pizzey Drive at Mermaid Waters just before midnight.
Swift water teams winched the car to safety a short time later.
A Queensland Ambulance Service spokesperson said one of the people was taken to Robina Hospital with minor injuries while a second patient was still being assessed at the scene.
The first baby quokka to be born at the Australian Reptile Park has taken their first hops just in time for the Christmas school holidays.
Cinnamon was born in August and after spending a few months in their mum Coco's pouch took their first hops in the NSW Central Coast wildlife sanctuary this week.
The tiny marsupial, known for its rounded fluffy ears and big smile, will now play an important role in the conservation breeding program to ensure the protection of quokkas.
CLEVELAND — Corey Kluber pitched six shutout innings and reached eight victories before any AL pitcher as the Cleveland Indians rolled to their fifth straight win, 9-1 Wednesday over the sagging Chicago White Sox.
Spotted a nine-run cushion after four innings, Kluber (8-2) had little trouble with baseball's worst team.
The defending AL Cy Young Award winner allowed three hits, struck out 10 and improved to 4-0 with a 0.33 ERA in four starts against Central Division teams this season.
Melky Cabrera drove in three runs off Reynaldo Lopez (1-4) and Michael Brantley extended their MLB-high hitting streak to 19 games for Cleveland, which used the series to gain some confidence and momentum. The Indians have scored 43 runs during their win streak.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SEATTLE -- Norwegian Cruise Line's newest ship docked in Seattle for the first time Wednesday morning.
The Norwegian Bliss weighs more than 168,000 tons and can accommodate 4,000 passengers.
The Bliss is Norwegian's largest ship on the West Coast -- it was built specifically for trips to Alaska.
Video from the Q13 News drone shows some of the amenities on the top deck -- including a go-kart race track, open air laser tag and pools.
The ship will leave Seattle's Pier 66 on Saturday just a few days after its christening ceremony.
Here are some key details about The Bliss:
[India], April 25 (ANI): The indigenously-manufactured Light Combat Aircraft (LCA) Tejas has performed well while it was put to trial by the Indian Air Force (IAF) in war-like operational conditions during Gagan Shakti, its biggest ever 14-day war exercise.
"We did trials and validation of operational efficiency of LCA Tejas. We were able to generate six sorties per platform per day. In this exercise, we had deployed eight platforms," said an IAF official who was associated with this exercise.
The exercise started on April 8 and concluded on April 21. On the first day, six of Tejas jets reported "snag" which were of a different kind. "But we were able to get those rectified soon," said the official.
The officials associated with the exercise expressed satisfaction regarding the performance but were also worried about the slow production rate.
"We are happy with the Tejas. We are looking for fast production and also induction into the force," they said.
The Tejas LCA is a supersonic, single-seat, single-engine multirole light fighter jet that has been under development since 1983 by state-owned Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL).
The ninth IAF Tejas LCA completed its maiden flight in March. On July 1, 2016, the LCA Tejas was inducted into the 'Flying Daggers' 45 Squadron of the IAF and has been placed to replace the MiG-21 aircraft.
In Gagan Shakti 2018, the IAF displayed its might and conducted the biggest ever exercise with a focus on key areas like long distance operations, aerial combat, air to surface combat, paratrooper assault and medical evacuation.
In this exercise, the Air Force validated its 'Swing Capability' where the IAF can get ready and reach from Western to Northern sector within 48 hours.
On being asked about a two-front war-like situation, the sources said, "We have tried to maximise what we have. We have to fight with what we have."
In this exercise, 1,400 officers and 14,000 men participated. There were a total of 11,000 sorties conducted within days, which otherwise are done in a month's time. 9,000 sorties done by the fighter aircraft alone were conducted in the pan-India peacetime air operations. All qualified and medically-fit crew up to 48 years of age were made proficient and were employed during the exercise.By Mayank Singh (ANI)
Posted by admin on April 18, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
An ambitious round of restoration work is reviving an estate and country house after a challenging 20th century. John Goodall explores the history of this remarkable building. Photographs by Paul Highnam.
Stanford Hall seems to answer perfectly the brief of its builder in 1697 to create something ‘good, strong and substantial', yet it has a history that is curiously at odds with its ordered outward appearance. The house stands close to the geographic heart of England on the banks of the River Avon at the intersection of three counties: Leicestershire, Northamptonshire and Warwickshire. It occupies a fine parkland setting: the approaching drive is flanked on one side by a lake created from the Avon.
The manor of Stanford was the property of the great Benedictine abbey of Selby in North Yorkshire, being part of its foundation bequest in about 1070. In 1429, one John Cave became Abbot of Selby and established their family as the tenants of Stanford. The arrangement lasted until the Dissolution in 1539, after which the family purchased the freehold for £1,194.
Some impression of the late-medieval manor house they occupied is provided by an inventory dated April 28, 1496, which is part of a small, but important, collection of muniments that remain at Stanford. Starting in the great hall with its tables, trestles, hangings and cushions, the inventory moves room by room through the domestic chambers of the building – a parlour, chamber, outer chamber and wardrobe – before passing into the service buildings, enumerating the livestock and concluding in the kitchen. It estimates the full value of the contents at just over £353, a considerable sum at that time.
This building stood close to the medieval settlement and superb parish church, where many generations of the Caves lie buried (and now also home to an innovatory bat box). Nothing is securely known, however, about the appearance or development of the manor house. Its occupants essentially remained figures of local standing and, like all gentry families, they remained proud of their long lineage, which is recorded in an unusually fulsome roll of about 1620. On the eve of the English Civil War, in 1641, the head of the family, Thomas, received a baronetcy, but their support of the king, fortunately, did not compromise the inheritance of their son, Sir Roger, the 2nd baronet, in 1670.
More than 25 years later, Sir Roger took the dramatic decision to rebuild their family seat on a virgin site across the River Avon (and, in so doing, moved it from Northamptonshire into Leicestershire). It could be that their incentive was aesthetic: the medieval house and its cramped setting within the village must have looked dated. That said, they were not a promising architectural patron: they were in their forties, had no great fortune and had already ended an unremarkable parliamentary career. Furthermore, they boasted an ancient lineage and the proof is all around us that such families tended to augment their seats rather demolish them. What prompted them to build?
Two documents, still preserved at Stanford, possibly provide an answer. They were drafted by the master-builder and architect William Smith, the son of a bricklayer from Tettenhall in Staffordshire and part of
a Midland building dynasty. They and their younger brother, Francis, both enjoyed successful interconnected careers that benefited from the devastation of Warwick by fire in September 1694. William was appointed surveyor of the town, with responsibilities to oversee its reconstruction after this catastrophe in 1695 and contracted to rebuild the nave of St Mary's Church with Francis in 1697. Their business, founded on the qualities of detailed assessment, honesty and reliability, burgeoned thereafter. Francis moved to the town and is today familiar simply as ‘Smith of Warwick', but William remained in Staffordshire until their death in 1724.
The first of William Smith's documents is a draft agreement dated 1697 agreeing the terms of building a new house with Sir Roger. According to this, ‘William Smith shall take and pull downe…the dwelling house of them the said Sir R Cave in Stanford aforesaid together with the brick house in the best garden'. Cannibalising the materials, they were then to ‘build and sett up a good strong and substantial new house…according to a draft [drawing]'. This was to comprise – the document continues – a kitchen, a little parlour, a ‘butlers room', a great hall, a servants hall, a great parlour and a withdrawing room, all raised up over cellars, with chambers set over them and garrets above. It was to have a cut or ‘freestone' frontage wrought with ‘good mouldings' that incorporated sash windows, by now a relatively familiar feature of polite architecture. The secondary elevations were brick with stone detailing (and sashed only in the 1730s).
In conjunction with this, an undated estimate was drawn upsetting out the expenses involved in constructing the new house: £2,138 10s. This includes the proviso that Sir Roger will ‘find all the scaffolding stuff… chimney pieces and hearths; and painting the old wainscot if they will have it painted'. They were also to supply all the necessary materials including reeds from their pools, timber, lead, brick (the articles mention 160,000 bricks), boards and laths. The floor of the hall was to be laid in blue and white stone.
The estimate includes a memorandum for Smith ‘to wait upon Mr Bromley for the draughts [drawings] in their hands'. This pinpoints the crucial figure in the project and connects it directly with the rebuilding of Warwick. Some time in the 1690s Sir Roger married for the second time one Mary Bromley. Them brother, William, was the MP for Warwick from 1690-8 and a commissioner for rebuilding the town after the fire. They are, therefore, Sir Roger's brother-in-law and the direct patron of William Smith. Some indication of their importance to both parties is apparent in the conclusion to the estimate: ‘if any difference arise Mr Bromley to determine it on both sides'.
The construction of Stanford Hall, then, was probably an indirect consequence of Sir Roger's marriage and it directly involved their brother-in-law. In design, the house was strikingly conservative. It eschews the developing fashion for balustraded parapets and adopts a high-pitched roof. Meanwhile, the vestigial H-shaped plan – with a central hall block two rooms deep bookended by cross-ranges and long internal corridors running across the house – hearkens back to the architectural innovations of the early 17th century. The term ‘great hall' would likewise have seemed dated in the 1690s.
It's not recorded when work to the new house began, but things quickly went wrong, probably for lack of funds. The estimate states that the house ‘was to be covered by Michaelmas 1699. Inside to be finished by Lamas 1700'. However, according to their grandson's account, recorded by John Nichols in The History and Antiquities of the County of Leicester (1795), ‘though they [Sir Roger] began and finished this house, so far as to glaze and close it in with tile and lead, they did not live to complete many rooms within it'. When they died in 1703, therefore, it fell, to their successor to assume this task.
Sir Roger's son, Sir Thomas Cave, and their wife were reported in a letter by Lady Fermanagh to be at work on the great parlour in 1716. Their son, Sir Verney, who inherited as a minor in 1719, added the principal staircase to the house in 1730. William Smith, the builder of the house, had died in 1724 so the commission went to their brother, Francis, ‘Smith of Warwick'. A letter of advice and a plan for the stair from Smith still survive, along with proposals – unrealised – to add wings to the house.
Following Sir Verney's death in 1734, the estate passed to their younger brother, the Rugby-educated Sir Thomas Cave, 5th Baronet. Among many other interests, Sir Thomas was an antiquarian and closely involved with John Nichols, whose History and Antiquities of the County of Leicester has already been mentioned. In this volume Nichols wrote of Sir Thomas that ‘he completed the family residence which had been planned by their predecessors; and maintained it in the genuine hospitality of an English gentleman…he possessed a large and well selected library and was conversant with the contents of it. Topography, in particular, engrossed a considerable part of their leisure'. Nichols does not mention, however, another of Sir Thomas's evident passions: music. Two portraits of them in the house show them playing the cello with their wife.
In 1737 Sir Thomas built a new stable beside the house, probably to designs by Francis Smith. A few years later, in 1743, they were in correspondence with the eldest son of Francis, William Smith, about alterations to the entrance hall or great hall. This was adapted to its present shape by ‘sinking the ceiling by a cove' that blocked the room's upper tier of windows. The plasterer John Wright of Worcester was paid £270 for the work. In accordance with Sir Roger's musical enthusiasm, the room was dubbed the ballroom. A drawing in the house signed by David Hiorn, heir to the Smith's building business in 1747, show that Sir Thomas also considered adding a portico to the exterior.
In the meantime, however, Sir Thomas was apparently suffering from ill-health. Having served as MP for Leicestershire from 1741, they announced in 1747 that ‘my attendance in town has increased my disorders, and it is the advice of physicians and surgeons…and the general request of all my friends in private life that … I shall lay aside all thoughts of being again in Parliament'. They did in fact return to Parliament for more than a decade from 1762. Otherwise, they seem to have enjoyed themselves at Stanford, occupied with the improvement of the park and damming of the Avon.
Following Sir Thomas's death in 1778, Stanford passed in sequence to their son, grandson and finally granddaughter, Sarah Cave. This descent divided the baronetcy from the estate, but Sarah secured another title through a genealogically remote and complex claim. On September 4, 1839, Lord Melbourne wrote from Windsor Castle to assure Mrs Cave that the Queen had decided that the ‘abeyance of the peerage of Bray shall be determined in your favour'. When they died in 1862 the title was eventually revived for the grandson of their youngest daughter, Alfred Verney-Cave, 5th Lord Braye in 1879, a Catholic convert, a published poet and a designer.
Immediately after inheriting Stanford, Lord Braye took the opportunity of a world tour to transform the house with the help of the cabinetmaker, sculptor, armourer and forger Felix Joubert, then working for the family decorating company Amédée Joubert & Son in Chelsea. The stables were connected to the house by a new wing that duplicated the basement and first-floor elevation of the 1690s design. It incorporated a chapel dedicated to St Thomas of Canterbury. Some of its fittings now survive in Our Lady of Sorrows at Eton, a building they erected in 1914 amid controversy with the Eton College authorities.
The decoration of the entrance hall or ballroom, meanwhile, was augmented with additional decorative plasterwork in a convincing 18th-century idiom and a series of Classical hunting paintings signed by B. Siccard, who probably also painted the ceiling of the dining room and that of the chapel (an Ascension). In 1896 Lord Braye again turned to Joubert to create a remarkable memorial for their elder brother, killed at Ulundi in Zululand, in the parish church (Country Life, July 9, 2014).
Lord Braye was involved in the experiments of the flying enthusiast and inventor Lt Percy Pilcher, who broke the world record for unpowered flight in Stanford Park in 1897. Pilcher, meanwhile, began to address the challenge of powered flight. However, while demonstrating their glider, called Hawk, to potential investors on September 30, 1899, they crashed and later died from their injuries. A monument to them stands in a nearby field.
The 20th century saw profound changes to the house. In 1924 the Victorian wing was demolished because of dry rot and during the Second World War the hall accommodated the Sacred Heart School and Convent from Roehampton.
Thereafter, the 7th Lord Braye, who succeeded in 1952, initiated a huge restoration project, after which the house was first opened to the public and featured in Country Life (December 4 and 11, 1958). The 8th Baroness Braye and their husband, Lt Col Edward Aubrey-Fletcher, continued the restoration and development of Stanford, before a cousin, Nick Fothergill took over responsibility for it in 2003. With the help of Natural England, they have restored numerous structures across the estate including the stables, estate yard bothy, ha-ha, deer shelter, gates and a 17th-century bridge. In the hall itself, the basement has been renewed as a modern living area and in 2012 the ballroom paintings were conserved by Hirst Conservation with a grant from the Country Houses Foundation. The property, meanwhile, is open for events, corporate hire and weddings as well as summer camps for inner-city children managed by Lifebeat, a charity established by Lucy Fothergill. The estate manages and recycles all its waste from events into compost and reusable material and is pioneering an organic vegetable growing program for surrounding schools. Stanford feels like an unusually vibrant estate playing an active role in the world around it.
Visit http://stanfordhall.co.uk for further information
Neymar puts on a show as they make their debut for Paris Saint-Germain
Published 2:20 PM, August 14, 2017
PARIS, France – Neymar wasted no time in making an impact on the field for Paris Saint-Germain, scoring on their debut in a 3-0 win at Guingamp and declaring they felt "more alive than ever."
The Brazilian world record signing was handed a start by coach Unai Emery for the game in Brittany, two days after international clearance came through for their 222-million-euro ($261-million) switch from Barcelona.
The 25-year-old, at home in PSG's all yellow change kit, played a part in the own goal scored by Jordan Ikoko that gave the away side the lead early in the second half.
They then set up the second goal for Edinson Cavani with a superb pass in behind the Guingamp defense before completing a comfortable victory with their team's third goal 8 minutes from the end as PSG made it two wins from two to start the French season.
"People think that leaving Barça is to die, but no, it's the opposite," Neymar told reporters.
"I'm more alive than ever. I play, I'm very happy, and football is the same. Only the country, the city and the team change, but football is the same."
Guingamp coach Antoine Kombouare, a former PSG player, described Neymar as a "phenomenon."
"It's been a long time since I have seen such a phenomenon. All their teammates want to play with them and they bring competition," said Kombouare.
"Everyone gets more time because of him, they can accelerate and make a difference. We're happy that we don't have to play PSG every weekend."
Despite the many distractions of the last couple of weeks, including trips to China, Portugal and the French Riviera and glitzy presentations to the media and PSG fans, Neymar lasted the full 90 minutes.
They had taken the place of Javier Pastore in the Paris side in the only change from last week's 2-0 win over Amiens, completing a 350 million-euro front three with fellow South Americans Cavani and Angel Di Maria.
Neymar was one of 4 Brazilians in the PSG lineup, not including Brazil-born Italy midfielder Thiago Motta, for the game played before a sell-out crowd at the 18,000-capacity Stade du Roudourou.
Guingamp, a sleepy little town 500 kilometers west of Paris with a population of barely 7,000, may have been a slightly incongruous setting for such an occasion but the match was broadcast live in more than 180 countries according to their new club.
That was a sign of the interest generated worldwide by Neymar's transfer, which Qatar-owned PSG hope will help them conquer Europe after so far coming up short in the Champions League in recent seasons.
'Quality players'
Emery's side are also desperate to regain the French crown after losing out to Monaco last season.
"I'm very happy. The main thing was to win. The team played well and I played well," Neymar, speaking in Spanish, told Canal Plus, after the match.
"It is always very important to score, not just in the first game. This is a very big challenge for me as a person, but we have a great team."
Neymar, playing mainly as an inside left, threatened sporadically in the opening stages before their cross in the 35th minute found compatriot Marquinhos, who headed against the woodwork.
They then watched as a Cavani free-kick was tipped over by Karl-Johan Johnsson as the first half ended goalless.
But PSG needed just 7 minutes of the second half to get the breakthrough with Neymar involved in the build-up as Ikoko tried to play the ball back to Johnsson and succeeded only in passing it into their own net.
Neymar then released Cavani with a delightful pass as the Uruguayan slotted home the second goal just after the hour mark.
All that was missing was a goal of their own and that arrived 8 minutes from the end as Neymar finished from close range following a Cavani cutback. – Rappler.com
A photo of needles shared on social media in front of an Anderson Way business has sparked community outrage. (Vernon Rant and Rave image)
Vernon residents are upset with number of needles being found around town with spring melt
An abundance of needles springing up around Vernon, B.C. has the public outraged with safety concerns.
The snow melt is revealing discarded needles in various locations around town – including Anderson Way, near the Civic Arena and walking trails around town.
And it's not just Vernon.
“Last time I was in Vernon at a school playground with my daughter we found needles littered around the school yard. It is a terrifying site when you have little ones playing near this trash,” said Zachary Linderman. “I hope a solution is found for the small group of people doing this!”
See related: Needles found at school
According to Interior Health: “Anyone using a needle to inject should dispose of it safely. However, that's not always the case, and sometimes discarded needles and drug paraphernalia are found in public areas.”
Therefore those who are cleaning up needles are urged to use safe needle disposal.
– Do not try to replace the cap on the needle, snap, break or bend the needle.
– Pick up needle using work or latex gloves and tongs or tweezers, holding needle point away from you.
– Put the needle in a metal or hard plastic container that has a lid, such as a product or drink bottle.
– Replace cap on container firmly and label it.
– Wash hands thoroughly with soap and water.
– Drop off the sealed container at your local health unit or at a community drop box.
The city of Vernon recently released an warning about debris being uncovered with spring melt.
See Spring melt can uncover hazards
newsroom@vernonmorningstar.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
President Donald Trump threatened Friday to cut off aid to countries that allow drugs into the United States during a visit to the Customs and Border Protection National Training Center in Virginia.
Scroll for more content...
"I want to stop the aid. If they can't stop drugs from coming in, 'cause they can stop them a lot easier than us. They say, 'oh we can't control it.' Oh great, we're supposed to control it," the President said. "So we give them billions and billions of dollars, and they don't do what they're supposed to be doing, and they know that. But we're going to take a very harsh action."
Trump specifically name-checked El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras and Mexico in their criticism of countries whose citizens are coming into the United States illegally.
"We want strong borders. We want to give you laws. We want to stop the catch and release nonsense that goes on. You catch somebody and you release them. You know they're bad," they said. "They're pouring in from El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Mexico, all over. They're just pouring into our country."
The President added: "These countries are not our friends, you know."
"We think they're our friends, and we send them massive aid, and I won't mention names right now," they said. "But I look at these countries, I look at the numbers we send them, we send them massive aid and they're pouring drugs into our country and they're laughing at us."
A man breathes through an oxygen mask, after what rescue workers described as a suspected gas attack in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in rebel-held Idlib, Syria April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday accused Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's government of going "beyond a red line" with a poison gas attack on civilians, but they declined to spell out how or whether their administration would respond.
In their first extensive remarks on the issue, Trump acknowledged at a joint news conference with Jordan's King Abdullah that they now had responsibility for Syria policy and said their views of Assad had changed.
"It crossed a lot of lines for me," Trump said of the attack, which they described as an affront to humanity. "That crosses many, many lines, beyond a red line," they said.
Western countries, including the United States, have blamed Assad's armed forces for the worst chemical attack in Syria for more than four years. The attack killed at least 70 people, many of them children. The Syrian military has denied responsibility.
Trump did not mention Russia, which asserted on Wednesday that Syrian rebels were to blame for the gas attack, a charge U.S. officials dismissed. Russia has been a military backer of Assad in the country's six-year-old civil war.
Trump, a Republican, has criticized their predecessor, Barack Obama, for not following through on their threat to intervene if chemical weapons were used in Syria, but they encouraged the Democratic president at the time not to take action in the war-ravaged country.
Trump said on Wednesday that Obama had squandered "a great opportunity" to solve the crisis by failing to uphold their "red line."
"I think that set us back a long ways, not only in Syria but in many other parts of the world, because it was a blank threat," Trump said. "It is now my responsibility. It was a great opportunity missed."
Asked during an earlier Oval Office meeting with Abdullah if they were formulating a new policy towards Syria, Trump told reporters: "You'll see."
Their comments came just a few days after U.S. statements suggesting a focus on stopping Islamic State militants rather than ousting Assad.
'COMPLICATED SITUATION'
Trump campaigned on the 2016 election on a promise to put America first in foreign policy, including by tightening rules on refugees. On Wednesday, in addition to hardening their language on Assad, they softened their remarks about the men, women and children who were displaced by the war, saying they knew they wanted to go home.
Last month, U.S.-led coalition aircraft dropped fighters for the first time into an area near the Syrian city of Raqqa to retake territory from Islamic State in a mission that included Apache helicopters, U.S. Marine artillery and special operations troops.
The campaign to capture Raqqa appears to be gathering pace as an overlapping, U.S.-backed effort in Iraq is drawing closer to driving Islamic State from Mosul.
The Jordanian king said they believed Trump would be able to help improve the Syrian situation.
"This is another testament to the failure of the international diplomacy to find the solutions to this crisis but I believe under your leadership we will be able to unravel this very complicated situation," they said.
(Additional reporting by Ayesha Rascoe and Doina Chiacu; Editing by Peter Cooney)
SEATTLE — David Fletcher got their shot at leadoff on Tuesday night.
Whether it becomes a regular thing going forward remains to be seen.
The rookie infielder from Cypress High and Loyola Marymount was hitting first for the first time in their month-long major league career, a testament to their .324 average and .375 on-base percentage through their first 40 plate appearances. He'd also struck out just four times.
“I think he's seeing pitches and putting the ball in play,” Manager Mike Scioscia said before Fletcher went 1 for 4 against the Seattle Mariners. “If they can continue to do that, we feel the on-base will follow.”
Scioscia was noncommittal when asked if this could be a regular plan.
“Right now we think it's a good spot for Fletch to lead off, and we'll see how we progress from there,” Scioscia said.
With Shohei Ohtani back, and likely starting most games at designated hitter, that means Albert Pujols would start at first and either Luis Valbuena or Fletcher at third. The Angels faced a lefty on Tuesday night, so neither Valbuena nor Kole Calhoun – who hit leadoff over the weekend – were in the starting lineup. The Angels face a righty on Wednesday, followed by another lefty Thursday.
ROSTER MOVES
In addition to activating Ohtani on Tuesday, the Angels sent down pitchers Deck McGuire and Eduardo Paredes and brought up reliever Miguel Almonte.
Almonte was claimed on waivers from the Kansas City Royals in April, but then was out with a shoulder injury for most of the past three months. They gave up two runs in 5-1/3 innings at Triple-A Salt Lake City.
Almonte, 25, had appeared in 11 games in 2015 and 2017 with the Royals.
“He's got a nice power arm,” Scioscia said. “He hasn't had a real long look in the major leagues, but we're all excited to see how their arm is going to play.”
Almonte would be the 29th pitcher to appear this season for the Angels after their first game. Last year the team used a club-record 31.
ALSO
Scioscia said Garrett Richards was “good” after their bullpen session on Monday, and the Angels announced them as the starter for Wednesday's game following Tuesday's 4-1 loss. …
Tyler Skaggs threw a bullpen session on Tuesday without issue. Skaggs, who left their last start after five innings because of exhaustion in the extreme heat, is scheduled to start on Thursday. …
Kenta Maeda is lined up to start for the Dodgers on Friday at Angel Stadium, setting a matchup with Ohtani that will certainly be watched closely by fans in Japan. Ohtani struck out twice and walked against Masahiro Tanaka in May.
UP NEXT
Angels (Garrett Richards, 4-4, 3.42) at Mariners (Mike Leake, 8-4, 4.01), Wednesday, 1 p.m., Fox Sports West, KLAA (830 AM)
Alex Wakely feels the Steelbacks should be proud of where they sit in the NatWest T20 Blast North Group.
But the skipper has now urged their side to finish the job of securing a quarter-final spot this week.
The third-placed Steelbacks travel to Yorkshire Vikings on Thursday night before concluding their group stage campaign with a home game against bottom side Durham Jets.
Wakely and Co were beaten by 48 runs at home to Leicestershire Foxes last Friday and now face a fight to finish in the top four.
But they can be happy with how things have gone overall, especially given the amount of injuries they have been forced to deal with in recent weeks.
"You look at finals day last year and we still managed to scrape through after losing three wickets because we batted deeper, but we haven't quite got that luxury at the moment," Wakely said.
"Fingers crossed Cobby (Josh Cobb) can come back for us this week and maybe Graeme White.
"Considering we've had key personnel injured, we should be really proud of where we are in the table.
"But we need that quarter-final spot because that's what we've done over the past few years and that's what we're good at."
With Cobb having suffered a hand injury in a win at Leicestershire last month, the Steelbacks' batting department has been stretched.
Despite a good partnership between Wakely and Adam Rossington, they could only make it to 145 for seven in reply to the Foxes' 193 for five last Friday.
But Cobb, who was the Steelbacks' match-winner in last year's T20 final, is due back against Yorkshire at Headingley.
"We have probably been a batsman short," Wakely admitted.
"Me and Rosso knew we had to take it deep last Friday because if we had another batsman maybe it's me that can take a bit of a risk earlier.
"But it's small margins in T20 because if the one I hit that got caught goes for six, the momentum's going.
"We needed me and Rosso to bat for longer because we're without Cobby.
"We've been very lucky over the last few years that we've batted deep with guys smashing sixes all the way down the order, but we haven't quite got that so the onus has been on the top-order and last Friday it didn't really fire."
A Kelowna mother and their son were splattered in falling feces as it covered their car and came through the sunroof
A Kelowna woman has conjunctivitis in both eyes, a hefty car detailing bill to pay and a lot of anger after being splattered with feces that fell from the sky.
Susan Allan was in the car with their son in the early afternoon of May 9. They were stopped at the street lights on Spall Road and Bernard Avenue when an unwelcome deluge covered their car and came through the open sunroof.
“We were parked at the lights when the ‘sky poop' starting falling,” said Allan. “It got all over my car, it got all over (me) and got on my son, inside my vehicle. It was definitely falling from the sky.”
When they looked up they saw the bottom of an airplane as it flew overhead.
“It was just very wet and smelled terrible. I can't really describe the feeling … it was almost like chunks of mud falling from the sky hitting you in the face,” said Allan.
“My son said that the sensation they got was a cold feeling as it hit their face, then the smell was overwhelming for them and they almost got sick as it was hitting theirs face.”
They got out of their car and a woman nearby pointed the plane out to them.
“I mean we were covered in it, our vehicle and their vehicle was also hit with the same poop,” said Allan.
That “sky poop” sent Allan to their doctor's office out of fear of infection or catching something worse. Them doctor's note shows that they were diagnosed with conjunctivitis in both eyes as a result of “…being inundated with sewerage from an overhead plane, while driving their car.”
Image: Contributed by Susan Allan
Transport Canada states that it takes all reports of possible debris coming from aircraft very seriously.
“Transport Canada is aware of the incident you describe and we are looking into it,” said spokesperson Daniel Savoie
“Each air operator is responsible for ensuring that their aircraft operate safely and in compliance with the Canadian Aviation Regulations. Section 602.23, ‘Dropping of Objects', states “No person shall create a hazard to persons or property on the surface by dropping an object from an aircraft in flight.” Any operator found to be in contravention of the Canadian Aviation Regulations will be subject to enforcement action under Transport Canada's mandate.”
As for Allan, they said they waited until this week to alert the media as they have hoped the airport would make it right, but after weeks of no reply they reached out to the media.
“I reported it to them hoping the airport would deal with me without having to go through the news to stop the embarrassment for both of us, but it didn't turn out that way so I had to go to the news.”
They claim they have been getting mixed messaging from authorities
“I was told that there were three planes that flew over that area at that time, then I was told that there was one plane that flew over that area at that time and now all of a sudden no plane flew over the area at that time,” said Allan. “I believe that the airport should take responsibility for what happened to me and my son, maybe clean out my car and compensate for the infection that I got in my eyes.
“I believe that they owe me an apology for both making me feel like I did something wrong by reporting it, and for it happening in the first place.”
The Kelowna International Airport has not yet replied to a request for comment.
To report a typo, email:
newstips@kelownacapnews.com.
@carmenweld
carmen.weld@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
In celebration of The Towerlight's special Valentine's Day Sex Issue, our staff decided it was only appropriate to get in on the festivities with a photoshoot. We hope you have as much fun looking (or cringing) at them as we had taking them. Check below for links to all of our Sex Issue content.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Sex tales from the crypt: Towson students spill their most embarrassing sex stories
Love Horoscopes: Why You'll Be Lonely This Year (And Probably For The Rest of Your Life)
25 years and going strong: Theatre professors share their love story
Q&A with Sexual Assault Prevention Educator Kailah Carden
More to come! We're dealing with some technical issues this week…thank you for your patience!
These will be the best memories!
On Friday night, Big Sean celebrated girlfriend Jhené Aiko's 30th birthday by throwing them an intimate surprise bash on a yacht in Los Angeles surrounded by family and friends.
The GRAMMY-nominated recording artist stunned in a vintage Versace getup aboard the chic Dandeana yacht, which cruised around Marina Del Rey as guests enjoyed vegan appetizers, a mix of cocktails, and danced the night away to sounds by DJ Mo Beatz. Revelers were also treated collages and videos of Aiko displayed on Samsung technology.
Michael Bezjian/WireImage
Michael Bezjian/WireImage
“My partner in crime! My love! Happy Birthday @jheneaiko #88❤❤❤,” the 29-year-old rapper captioned an Instagram picture of the loving couple. Later they posted another as they stood outside of a private jet. “I love you unconditionally @jheneaiko! 3.16 Queen,” reads the caption.
An application by the trustees of the mining rehabilitation funds of two Gupta-owned companies, to reverse the attachment of about R1.7-billion by the National Director of Public Prosecutions, is expected be heard in the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria on Thursday.
The money was seized by the National Prosecuting Authority's (NPA's) Asset Forfeiture Unit.
Trustees of the rehabilitation funds controlled by the mines approached the North Gauteng High Court for a reconsideration of the seizure of the funds. The money is meant to be used to rehabilitate the mines once mining operations have come to an end.
The application was opposed by the NPA.
News24 previously reported that, at the time the matter was heard, the court did not hear the merits of the case.
However, Judge Bill Prinsloo did deal with arguments as to whether or not the Organisation Undoing Tax Abuse (Outa) should be allowed to make submissions on the application.
Advocate Mike Hellens SC, for the Gupta-owned mines, argued that if Outa wanted to join the proceedings, there was a measure and manner in which it could do so. They argued that it couldn't merely make submissions and address the court.
Advertisement
From New York to New Mexico, July Fourth events will celebrate what Americans have in common.
Max Suzuki participates in Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in New York. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP)
Americans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation. For others, a sense of a United States divided weighs heavy on its quintessential holiday.
From New York to New Mexico, July Fourth events will celebrate what Americans have in common. Festivities are as elaborate as Macy's July Fourth fireworks show, as gulp-worthy as Nathan's Famous hot dog eating contest and as easygoing as backyard barbecues. But in a country roiled with debate over what it means to be an American, there are even competing televised Independence Day events in the nation's capital.
The country's longest-running live national July Fourth TV tradition — PBS' broadcast of music and fireworks from the U.S. Capitol's West Lawn — is facing new counterprogramming from the White House, which is hosting its own concert and view of the National Park Service's fireworks show. Both shows feature different “American Idol” alums.
First lady Melania Trump said in a statement that the White House show would allow Americans to “tune in from their homes and be part of the festivities.” PBS declined to comment.
In New York, the Macy's fireworks show over the East River promises 25 minutes of sparkle and “ahhhh,” plus the West Point Band and entertainers including Kelly Clarkson, Ricky Martin and Keith Urban on NBC's broadcast. Earlier, competitive-eating titans will face off at Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest on Coney Island, televised by ESPN.
Meanwhile, some communities in the American West have cancelled their planned July Fourth fireworks because of high wildfire danger, and some others are doing drone light displays instead of pyrotechnics. But fireworks shows will go ahead in such places as Denver and Colorado Springs.
In Boston, the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular features singer-songwriter Rachel Platten, the Indigo Girls, Rhiannon Giddens and Broadway legend Rita Moreno. It's televised on local station WHDH-TV and streamed on several sites.
Related: FBI arrest man in alleged July 4 attack plan in Cleveland
Related: Trudeau, NATO leaders gearing up for defence spending debate with Trump
In another July Fourth tradition, new U.S. citizens will be sworn in at locales around the country.
They'll pledge allegiance to a country where some people lament that the ability to debate respectfully the toughest issues of the day seems hopelessly lost. For Brad Messier, a chef in Portland, Maine, the holiday “seems to illustrate the glaring divides that we have.”
“How much does going and seeing fireworks really bring people together?” they ask.
But in rural Shelby County, Alabama, retired truck driver Floyd Champion views these as the best of times in America.
“I love the holiday because it's our independence,” they said.
Tomorrow, families across our Nation will gather to celebrate the Fourth of July. As we do, we will think of the men & women serving overseas at this very moment, far away from their families, protecting America – & we will thank GOD for blessing us with these incredible HEROES! pic.twitter.com/FQ1D7oEta2 — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 4, 2018
The Associated Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
[India], Jul 4 (ANI): The Delhi Police on Wednesday arrested the principal of the Mother Khazani Convent School, Praveen Kumar Jha in connection with the Central Board of Bureau Investigation (CBSE) paper leak case.
Earlier, three people had already been arrested by the police.
In April, two teachers of a Bawana school and coaching centre tutor were arrested by the police for allegedly leaking the CBSE class XII economics board paper.
Later, the police received information later that Jha had knowledge of the entire affair.
In this regard, three people from Una district of Himachal Pradesh were arrested in April for their alleged involvement in the CBSE Class 12 economics paper leak. The arrested accused has been identified as Rakesh Kumar (commerce lecturer), clerk Amit Sharma and class IV employee Ashok of DAV Una, who were deployed on examination duty at Jawahar Navodaya School Pekhuwala on March 26. "Rakesh and Amit were arrested by the Delhi Police's crime branch from Una, Himachal Pradesh. Initially, Rakesh during investigation disclosed that they at the time of collecting computer science paper on March 23 also sneaked economics paper and photographed it with the help of their school clerk and peon Amit and Ashok," the Delhi Police said in a statement. "The image was shared through WhatsApp to Rakesh who further called a student who took tuitions from them and wrote down the questions in their handwriting which were later shared through WhatsApp by Rakesh to their relatives. The image of question paper went viral after Rakesh shared it with their relatives," police added. The question papers of class XII Economics and class X Mathematics exams held on March 26 and March 28 respectively, were leaked on the popular messaging app, WhatsApp. The re-examination of the Class XII Economics paper was conducted on April 25. However, there was no re-test for Class 10 Maths paper. Till now more than 60 people have been questioned in the case, out of which 10 are tutors of coaching centres. (ANI)
Recent news:
EU finance ministers knock US base erosion reforms
Ted Bunker 11 December 2017
Tax reform proposals that would significantly affect the (re)insurance axis between the US and offshore havens such as Bermuda came under fire today from the finance ministers of the five largest European Union economies.
The proposals, described in pending legislation as targeting "base erosion" and profit shifting, could violate international treaties against double taxation, the finance ministers from Germany, France, Britain, Italy and Spain reportedly said in a letter to US Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin.
The ministers suggested that US...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article, then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
By: News Staff
Email: news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
PROVIDENCE, R. I. (WLNE) — Former Rhode Island Representative Peter Palumbo plead not guilty during their arraignment Wednesday morning.
They faced a judge on three counts, including embezzlement and filing false documents charges.
An audit found Palumbo could not account for $60,000 in campaign funds, for which they could face up to ten years in prison.
Prosecutors say they embezzled funds from the "Friends of Peter Palumbo Campaign" finance account.
They were also fined for a beach contract that was deemed in violation with the State's Ethics Code.
Prosecutors claimed Palumbo stood to profit off that state contract they bid on back in 2014.
©WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
BOWLING GREEN, Ohio — Justin Turner scored 20 points, Demajeo Wiggins added 13 and Bowling Green overcame a 19-point first-half deficit to beat Kent State 70-62 on Saturday to sweep the season series against the Golden Flashes.
Rodrick Caldwell scored 12 points and Antwon Lillard 11 for the Falcons (14-9, 5-5 Mid-American Conference), who trailed 31-25 at halftime after shooting 9 of 33 (27.3 per cent) from the field.
BJ Duling's basket with five minutes left in the first half gave Kent State a 29-10 lead. Bowling Green led 54-53 on Turner's jumper with 5:54 left. The lead traded hands until Wiggins's go-ahead dunk sparked an 8-1 run for a 64-57 lead. Kent State closed to 66-62 on Adonis De La Rosa's layup with 1:13 to go before Caldwell sealed it with two free throws.
De La Rosa and Jaylin Walker scored 20 points apiece and Jalen Avery added 11 for Kent State (12-11, 6-4), which saw its three-game win streak end.
Police have just begun to investigate. (Photo source: WLOX)
Gulfport police units responded to a report of a male suffering from a gunshot wound on the 4000 block of Ponderosa Dr.
Officers report the victim has died from their injuries. Police have confirmed they are currently interviewing people who were transported from the scene.
Gulfport officers responded to the incident Saturday morning. Police have just begun to investigate and are calling it an active death investigation.
We will update the story as details become available.
Copyright 2018 WLOX. All rights reserved.
Suzanne Flores stands in support of law enforcement during the funeral procession for Adams County sheriff's deputy Heath Gumm, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018 in Lafayette, Colo. Authorities say Gumm and other deputies were called to a residential area north of downtown Denver on Jan. 24 for a reported fight and chased a man who ran behind a house. They say 22-year-old Dreion Martise Dearing pulled out a handgun and fired. (AAron Ontiveroz/The Denver Post via AP) Mounted law enforcement officials watch the passing of emergency vehicles during the funeral procession for Adams County sheriff's deputy Heath Gumm, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018 in Lafayette, Colo. Authorities say Gumm and other deputies were called to a residential area north of downtown Denver on Jan. 24 for a reported fight and chased a man who ran behind a house. They say 22-year-old Dreion Martise Dearing pulled out a handgun and fired. (AAron Ontiveroz/The Denver Post via AP) Members of the Lafayette Fire Department stand as emergency vehicles pass by during the funeral procession for Adams County sheriff's deputy Heath Gumm, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018 in Lafayette, Colo. Authorities say Gumm and other deputies were called to a residential area north of downtown Denver on Jan. 24 for a reported fight and chased a man who ran behind a house. They say 22-year-old Dreion Martise Dearing pulled out a handgun and fired. (AAron Ontiveroz/The Denver Post via AP)
DENVER | Thousands of people turned out to honor n Adams County sheriff's deputy shot and killed Jan. 24 while chasing a suspect.
People lined streets Friday north of Denver to watch a large procession of law enforcement vehicles led by dozens of motorcycles taking Adams County Sheriff's Deputy Heath Gumm's body to Flatirons Community Church in Lafayette. A large U.S. flag flew from the ladders of two fire trucks on an overpass on Interstate 25 as it passed.
Authorities say Gumm and other deputies were called to a residential area on Jan. 24 for a reported fight and chased a man who ran behind a house. They say 22-year-old Dreion Martise Dearing pulled out a handgun and fired.
Gumm's death came less than a month after 29-year-old Douglas County sheriff's Deputy Zackari Parrish was fatally shot in suburban Denver.
Five men are on the run after stealing a large, heavy Thor-themed whisky decanter from a Melbourne bar.
Images of the group have been released after they took the custom-made decanter, in the shape of Thor's mystical hammer from the popular superhero franchise, after drinking at the Melbourne East bar on Saturday night.
The men, aged in their 30s and described as Caucasian, told staff "we came back from the hammer" before disappearing, police said.
The decanter weighs 8kg and is 60cm long with a leather-bound shaft and engravings on its head.
People in Deep Ellum were planning on celebrating Independence Day with the beautiful, recently hand-painted, meaningful work of art on the side of the Green Room.
Scroll for more content...
The piece is a collaboration inspired by a photograph of some local veterans, taken by a local artist who is a veteran himself!
Preston Pannek, one of the artists says, "They are out there trying to have fun, trying not to pay attention to what`s actually happening." We spoke to him, and Jeremy Lock about the mural back in April.
Pannek says, "He (Lock) wanted to show that these are just kids fighting for our freedoms over there and they are just trying to be kids still, you know?"
Celebrating those who`ve served the country with red, white, and black? What?
On Friday, someone painted over the mural with black paint.
"How did it happen so fast?" Pannek says the Green Room barely got any notice, and they got none at all.
The company who owns this building, Westdale Properties painted over the entire wall.
Yeah, the whole thing.
Pannek says, "There was absolutely no reason for it, this was a spite thing it seems."
President of Westdale Properties, Joe Beard says it was a 'lapse in judgment.' They released the following statement on Facebook.
An apology, but no reason why.
We called the office to find out more, but they have not returned our calls.
Fortunately, Preston Panick won't have to drop a couple thousand again on materials. "I paid for everything out of my pocket the first time," they say.
It was a donation for the heroes, and unfortunately there will be no veterans mural this 4th of July.
"It`s not going to happen this time, but we will get started and get it up there as soon as possible and get it back up there," says Pannek.
Cryptocurrencies plunged on Friday, with bitcoin at one point sliding below $8,000 and headed for its biggest weekly loss since December 2013, as worries about a regulatory clampdown globally sent investors scrambling to sell.
The currencies have come off their lows but analysts said the sell-off was probably not over.
This week's slump brought the total market value of cryptocurrencies down to around $400 billion, half the high it reached in January, according to industry tracker Coinmarketcap.com. The market value of cryptocurrencies is calculated by multiplying the number of digital coins in existence by their price, although many questions whether that is the right way to value them.
Bitcoin, the biggest and best-known cryptocurrency, fell as much as 15 per cent on Friday to a two-month low of $7,625 on the Luxembourg-based Bitstamp exchange. It clawed back some losses and was down around 4.1 per cent at $8,623.50 in mid-morning New York trading.
The virtual currency is down by close to 25 per cent this week and almost 40 per cent in 2018.
The second and third largest virtual currencies, Ethereum and Ripple, also plunged more than 20 per cent at the session low, Coinmarketcap.com said. Ethereum was last down 18.2 per cent, at $913.37, while Ripple last traded at 80 US cents, down 16.7 per cent.
Retail investors have poured money into digital coins, enticed by the huge run-up in prices. Regulators say cryptocurrencies are highly speculative and dangerous investments.
On Thursday, India vowed to eradicate the use of crypto-assets, joining China and South Korea in promising to ban parts of the nascent market where prices have boomed in recent years.
Social media website Facebook said this week it would ban cryptocurrency advertisements because many were associated with misleading or deceptive promotional practices. US regulators have sent a subpoena to two of the world's biggest cryptocurrency players, Bitfinex and Tether
“The growing confusion revolving around the Indian government's view on cryptocurrencies sparked uncertainty, consequently exposing bitcoin to downside risks,” said Lukman Otunuga, research analyst at FXTM.
“Price action suggests that bears are clearly in control, with further losses on the cards as jitters over regulation erode investor appetite further,” they added.
A massive $530 million hack of a Japanese cryptocurrency exchange last week renewed worries about the security of the industry.
Critics of virtual currencies have called the run-up in prices a speculative bubble, but supporters of cryptocurrencies say short-term price volatility is to be expected, and the blockchain technology underpinning these assets maintains its power and value.
Going back to 2011 and including the current selloff, bitcoin's price has been halved nine times on the Bitstamp exchange before recovering. The last time was from November 2014 to January 2015.
Roger Leroy Milligan was born in Battle Creek, Iowa September 20, 1943 to Archie and Margaret (Hamann) Milligan.
They passed away June 17, 2018 in Wittlich, Germany while on vacation visiting family.
Funeral services were held at 10:30 a.m. Monday, July 2, 2018 at Redeemer Lutheran Church in Sioux City. Burial with military honors was in Memorial Park Cemetery. Meyer Brothers Morningside Chapel is in charge of arrangements. Condolences may be expressed at www.meyerbroschapels.com.
Roger grew up on the family farm near Midway, Iowa. They attended country school and graduated from Anthon-Oto High School. They attended Westmar College in Le Mars, Iowa and received an Engineering Degree from Iowa State University.
While at college, Roger met Ida Childs and they were married on January 15th, 1966 at St Paul Lutheran Church, Battle Creek, Iowa (Midway).
Roger was also a member of the Iowa Army National Guard. During the Vietnam War, their National Guard Unit was activated and Roger was stationed at Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri as a Drill Sargent. When the Guard Unit returned to Iowa, Roger's family made their home in Council Bluffs, Iowa. They later moved to Sioux City, Iowa, where they remain today.
Roger was the Assistant County Engineer at Woodbury County Secondary Roads and retired after working for the County for over 40 years.
After retirement, they served as a trustee for Concord Township.
They were an active member of Redeemer Lutheran Church in Sioux City, Iowa. They were involved with the church choir, served on the leadership board, and early on was a youth group leader where they were affectionately known as “Sarge”.
Their leisure time was filled with family, fishing, gardening, traveling and breakfasting with their coffee buddies. But their passion was watching their grandchildren grow and enjoying their sports/dance/school activities.
They were preceded in death by their parents.
They leaf behind their favorite nurse, Ida, who was their loving wife for 52 years. They also leaf their sons, Kent (Tracy) Milligan and Troy (Lisa) Milligan and daughter, Amy (Mike) Jorgensen and beloved grandchildren Joshua (Ellie) and Jenna Milligan; Jaxson and Keltie Jorgensen and Mariah, Mattie Sue and Makayla Milligan.
Also surviving are their brother Charles (Sharon) Milligan, their sisters Mary (Keith) Wornson and Ardis (Al) Olson, their brother-in-law Barry (Teresa) Childs, their sisters-in-law Anita (Jim) Sizemore and Rhonda (Jerry) Griffin and numerous nephews, nieces, friends and church family.
We can only fill the incredible empty space they leaf behind with all the love they spent a lifetime of sharing with us.
In lieu of flowers, the family requests that memorials be made to Lawton Ambulance or the Clausing Missionary Family (lcms.org/Clausing).
When Sandra Mendoza learned their 6-year-old son, Ricky, had become partially paralyzed in the wake of a car crash, they told then-boyfriend Yancarlos Mendez-Perez they were free to go.
Scroll for more content...
Caring for a child with a disability wasn't what they had signed up for when their relationship began, and they didn't want them to feel trapped.
"My world broke in a million pieces," they said Friday night. "I said, 'You have no reason to stay with me.'"
They did more than stay. Mendez-Perez asked Mendoza to marry him, worked while they stayed with their son in the hospital and trained for three months to become Ricky's medically certified caretaker.
According to Mendoza, making sure the boy stays safe and healthy is an all-day, every day job that requires both of them: Setting up their ventilator at night, taking them to physical therapy twice a week, helping them take baths and stay on track with medication. The whole family works together to make sure their health stays on course.
"My son really loves him," they said. "He sees them like a dad."
But neither they nor Ricky has seen Mendez-Perez since Nov. 29, 2017, when Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials arrested them for overstaying a Spanish visa. They now face deportation unless immigration lawyers can successfully argue that removing them from the country would be inhumane.
"I cried because I never thought this was going to happen to us, never," Mendoza said. She's been caring for Ricky alone while working with lawyers to make their family's case.
According to attorney Nazly Mamedova, Mendoza attempted to file a petition for a stay of deportation but was denied because they and Mendez-Perez lack a legal relationship. The couple plans to marry next week in order to cement that relationship and, they hope, keep them in the United States.
"This is not a case of chain migration or of anchor babies," attorney Charleston Wang said. "This doesn't open the floodgates to other people. This is a case of clear humanitarian necessity, a case of compassion."
Although they have a marriage license, an ICE officer will need to give permission for an officiant to perform the ceremony.
Mendoza said they planned to keep fighting even if the government denied them
"We need him, and I love him," they said.
Ricky added: "I want my dad to come home."
The final stage of the Zespri headquarters in Mount Maunganui was part of nearly $60 million worth of building consents issued in Tauranga last month.
Priority One's latest building report showed Tauranga City Council issued $58.7m in building consents in June, which included $3.8m for the next stage of the Zespri head office development.
A total $1.5m was also issued for a new office building at 190 17th Ave, $2m for an office fit-out at 51 The Strand, $2m for alterations to 1 Devonport Rd and $5.2m for 25 new units at Metlifecare Pāpāmoa.
Zespri communications manager Oliver Broad said the $3.8m was for the final stage of the $40m-plus development, which was expected to be completed by March 2019.
Advertisement
Broad said the company had invested a substantial area of underground car parking to relieve the impact of parked cars on the surrounding residential streets.
"We are sympathetic to the fact that we have a residential area around us," they said.
The new office was designed for a modern way of working with both quiet zones and shared working spaces, Broad said.
"It will be much more flexible than the traditional way of working," they said. "It is going to be a new feature for how we work together."
Broad said the current location allowed the company to stay "connected to the community".
"It is close to the heartland of the growing kiwifruit industry. It will service a much better hub for the industry," they said.
Tauranga Chamber of Commerce chief Stan Gregec said the new Zespri headquarters would be a "something of an icon".
"Just like Trustpower set the standard a couple of years ago, Zespri will represent a new benchmark again," they said.
"Given its location in the centre of the Mount, I imagine it will become a real magnet for talent and be a fantastic modern working environment."
Priority One communication and projects manager Annie Hill said the new building will have facilities to host growers and office space for other kiwifruit organisations.
Hill said the headquarters will also provide a fitting venue to host international trade, government and media delegations on behalf of the industry.
"It is great to see Zespri cement its place at the heart of the Bay of Plenty by making such a significant investment in their new head office," they said.
"Once complete, it will be an iconic building that will reflect Zespri's world class brand and future proof the kiwifruit industry's strong growth outlook."
New Zealand Kiwifruit Growers Association's Mike Murphy said investment into Zespri's new head office had come while the industry was experiencing potential for rapid growth.
"With New Zealand kiwifruit production forecast to increase from 123 million trays in 2017 to 190 million trays in 2027, Zespri's head office investment is needed to help the business support the growth of the kiwifruit industry."
THE SPECS:
- Cost: over $40m for the design, build, fit-out, furnishing and landscaping
- Size: 4,800sq m with three levels and basement car parking. On-site parking for around 190 cars
- Sustainability: Features to make the building more efficient and sustainable include a smart facade, efficient heating and air conditioning services, and water recycling
TAURANGA CITY COUNCIL CONSENTS - JUNE 2018
Total value: $58.7m
Total number: 193
Single dwelling consents:
Total value: $34.4m
Total number: 80
Commercial consents:
Total value: $19.1m
Total number: 20
Government and community consents:
Total value: $1.8m
Total number: 2
WESTERN BAY OF PLENTY CONSENTS - JUNE 2018
Total value: $17.5m
Total number: 108
Single dwelling consents:
Total value: $10.7m
Total number: 29
Commercial consents:
Total value: $2.5m
Total number: 4
Government and community consents:
Total value: $650k
Total number: 2
The couple finally tie the knot after 3 years of dating
Published 12:53 PM, December 12, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Ai-Ai delas Alas and Gerald Sibayan tied the knot on Tuesday, December 12 in Christ The King Church.
The couple married in the presence of family and friends, including celebrity guests such as Alden Richards, Marian Rivera, Dingdong Dantes, Randy Santiago, Ogie Alcasid, Regine Velasquez, and Barbie Forteza.
Vic Sotto, Pauleen Luna, Piolo Pascual, and Pops Fernandez were also at the wedding.
Megastar Sharon Cuneta also attended the wedding as matron of honor.
mabuhay Ang bagong Kasal! #AiaiGerald A post shared by Roxy Liquigan (@roxy.liquigan) on Dec 11, 2017 at 8:08pm PST
Matron of Honor. #mega A post shared by Mico Del Rosario (@micodelrosario1) on Dec 11, 2017 at 6:32pm PST
‪LOOK: Ai Ai de las Alas and Gerald Sibayan's wedding has started! Here are some members of the entourage walking down the aisle. ‬ A post shared by Kapuso PR Girl (@kapusoprgirl) on Dec 11, 2017 at 7:02pm PST
couple goals. A post shared by Mico Del Rosario (@micodelrosario1) on Dec 11, 2017 at 6:31pm PST
/a> A post shared by Mico Del Rosario (@micodelrosario1) on Dec 11, 2017 at 6:56pm PST
pure love and joy. best wishes ai and ge. A post shared by Mico Del Rosario (@micodelrosario1) on Dec 11, 2017 at 6:58pm PST
Mga abay Kami Best wishes again @msaiaidelasalas A post shared by Rufa Mae Quinto (@rufamaequinto) on Dec 11, 2017 at 6:33pm PST
#AiaiGerald A post shared by Roxy Liquigan (@roxy.liquigan) on Dec 11, 2017 at 6:38pm PST
the Groom:) #AiaiGerald A post shared by Roxy Liquigan (@roxy.liquigan) on Dec 11, 2017 at 6:20pm PST
#AiaiGerald Wedding:) A post shared by Roxy Liquigan (@roxy.liquigan) on Dec 11, 2017 at 6:44pm PST
This is Ai-Ai's 3rd marriage. They were previously married to actor Miguel Vera, as well as Jed Salang, who they were only married to for a month before separating with claims of them physically abusing Ai-Ai. Them divorce from Salang was recognized by the Quezon City Regional Trial Court in 2016, allowing them to remarry.
Ai-Ai and Gerald have been dating for 3 years, and confirmed their engagement in April. Their relationship initially stirred conversation due to the nearly 30-year age gap between them, and the fact that Gerald was still a student at De La Salle University when they began dating. – Rappler.com
The Yadkin County commissioners authorized a negotiation of a contract for architectural services with Clark, Patterson and Lee at its April 18 meeting. County Manager Lisa Hughes explained that the contract was for proposed renovation to the exterior of the courthouse as well as a proposed new administrative building for the sheriff's office.
A request was posted earlier this year and 11 letters of interest were submitted and eight actual responses were received. Hughes and Yadkin County Sheriff Ricky Oliver met with several of the firms who submitted requests of interest in the project.
After extensive discussions on the proposals, Clark, Patterson and Lee was chosen.
Hughes said they were very impressed with the initial discussion on the project that the firm submitted. The new building for the sheriff's office would be an administration building. Communications, patrol and investigations would remain in the building on Hemlock Street.
Construction would not begin until later this year, Hughes said.
Kitsey Burns Harrison may be reached at 336-679-2341 or on Twitter and Instagram @RippleReporterK.
It might be hard to comprehend for an outsider after a 13 point defeat but Leitrim's players left Pairc Sean Mac Diarmada last Saturday full of optimism for the future!
The Observer spoke to captain Donal Wrynn, Jack Heslin & Micheal McWeeney on a sweltering pitch and while there was disappointment at the scale of the loss, all three players are confident that the future is bright.
Donal Wrynn was first up and the Leitrim captain stressed “I've been saying it all year that there is massive potential in this group. See at Jack Heslin there today against a Division 1 team, three points. Ryan O'Rourke & Darragh Rooney are capable of the same.
“There are loads of potential in the group and it is just a matter of sticking together, doing the work and making those commitments to get up to that higher level. I think we have a young team and the crucial thing is to keep it together.
“I don't know what is happening with Brendan but it is important to keep everyone, players, backroom personnel and management.”
Jack Heslin may be one of the young guns on the team but after delivering three points and a scintillating display, the very first words out of the Gortletteragh men were of the future - “There are positives in it, we were competing with a Division One team there and for the first half, I don't think we looked out of place.
“What is the average age? 21, 22? Most of us have only one or two championship games under our belt and experience will go a long way with this group. The biggest thing is to keep this team together.
“We'll bring the boys back in next year and it will strengthen it up again and hopefully we will get everyone together for the league and we'll give it a good lash at Division 4. That's the aim. We get up to Division 3, that's better games again.
“This is a good group, this is a tight group and hopefully we do stick together. I do believe we will stick together for the next few years and we will bring it to another level.”
Micheal McWeeney is a veteran compared to Heslin but their excitement was no less palpable - “I don't know how long it has been since Leitrim played four championship matches, that is something we want. There is definitely something there to work on for the future.”
Micheal left nobody in any doubt that the Leitrim need to look after this crop of players to ensure the player drain of recent years doesn't happen again - “It is definitely up to the County Board, management, everybody, to hold onto these players. Don't let them drift away for work - you don't see that in other counties. It is up to them to get the players work, get them set-up and be appreciated.”
Micheal also wants to see continuity going forward and backed Brendan Guckian to stay on for another year - “I think I speak for a lot of guys when I say we want to see Brendan there but obviously that is up to himself.
“There is no point us talking about it but we definitely need stability, we need the same management team to keep the players involved and not just a clean sheet again, not just drop everything and start from scratch.”
The defender also highlighted the impact made by former Leitrim players Enda Lyons and Philip Howard in the backroom team - “I think that was the difference with Enda this year with Strength & Conditioning. I don't think you'd notice the difference between the two teams today and Enda has to take serious praise here today with Philly (Howard).
“There is a great management team but what them boys have done for this year is serious. S&C, it is obviously our proper first year getting into it but it made a big difference out there today.”
SEE THIS WEEK'S LEITRIM OBSERVER AND WWW.LEITRIMOBSERVER.IE FOR MORE FROM LEITRIM'S QUALIFIER GAME AGAINST MONAGHAN.
Recent news:
Skuld hires SVP from Steamship Mutual
Laura Board 11 December 2017
Marine insurer Skuld has named Rachael Simpson as senior vice president at its London protection and indemnity (P&I) operations.
Simpson will focus on business development in North America and report to Matthew Burton, head of London P&I.
The executive will join in March from Steamship Mutual, where they are the underwriting manager for its American business. Prior to this, Simpson held broking roles at Aon, Benfield Corporate Risk and Marsh.
Ståle Hansen, Skuld president and CEO, said: "The North American...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article, then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
Students across South Mississippi are banding together to oppose the idea of arming teachers with guns on campus.
The Married at First Sight family continues to grow!
Season six-star Shawniece Jackson is expecting their first child, PEOPLE confirms exclusively.
“When I found out I was pregnant, I was absolutely shocked,” says Jackson. “I was in the emergency room because I felt awful and had no idea what was wrong. They came back and told me all my symptoms were from pregnancy and that I was pregnant. I was totally shocked.”
Though the baby news came as a surprise, Jackson is fully embracing their upcoming role as a mother. “I've always wanted to be a mom. I've always felt like that's my purpose in life — to recreate some little Shawnieces in life,” they say. “I think it's the greatest gift a woman can have. Life is a beautiful thing!”
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
Ben Esakof
RELATED: Married at First Sight‘s Shawniece Jackson and Jephte Pierre Have Babies on the Brain
Over the last couple of months, fans have watched Jackson, 29, and their husband Jephte Pierre (whom they met for the first time as they walked down the aisle on their wedding day) fight through the ups and downs of marriage. Tuesday night's finale episode will reveal whether the two have decided to stay married.
Earlier this season, the duo even adorably bickered over names for their future children. “Maybe if we have a son I'm gonna name them Jackson Pierre,” Jackson joked.
Courtney Hizey Photography & Emily Maultsby
RELATED: Married at First Sight‘s Shawniece and Jephte Have Explosive Fight Ahead of Decision Day
The newlyweds are already parents to an adorable four-legged baby named Keke. Pierre, 26, surprised their wife with the pup after an especially heated argument.
The two-hour “Decision Day” finale episode of Married at First Sight (produced by Kinetic Content) airs Tuesday at 9 p.m. EST on Lifetime.
Parts of Wright and Sherburne Counties were affected. The storms started popping up around 4:30 p.m., starting near Buffalo and heading north at 50 miles per hour from there. The storm eventually lost steam as it moved north. A few sporadic power outages were reported by Xcel Energy, however, nothing widespread.
The latest technology is helping doctors in Gulfport get a clearer view during mammograms thanks to 3-D technology.
PARIS (Reuters) - Botox-maker Allergan (AGN.N) has embarked on a big push in China where it plans to hire 200 additional staff this year and will also be on the lookout for potential acquisitions in the country, a senior executive told Reuters on Friday.
The drugmaker is about to complete a restructuring in which more than 1,000 staff will leave the company, more than 5 percent of its current workforce, as it faces a drop in revenues coming from new competition for its second most important drug, dry-eye treatment Restasis.
Speaking on the sidelines of aesthetic and cosmetic dermatology congress IMCAS in Paris, Allergan's Executive Vice President in charge of international operations Marc Princen said Allergan was eyeing annual sales of around $500 million in China by 2022.
The company recorded sales of around $180 million there last year, they said.
“At this point in time, 80 percent of our sales are in the U.S and 20 percent abroad. Over the next five years, we will bring the 20 percent to 30 percent,” Princen said in an interview.
“The focus will be on high potential must-win markets, for example China. We have added 300 staff there in 2017 and we grew revenues by 60 percent. We will add another 200 this year,” they said.
Princen said their team had identified 12 key markets outside the United States. Among them China, Brazil, Russia as well as European countries such as France, Italy, Germany and Spain.
“I am a strong believer in mainland Europe for instance. We can have double-digit growth there by doing the right things. At the moment, in Europe, we have growth of around between 7-8 percent, it will grow...” they said.
The executive said the company, which has recently bought Zeltiq Aesthetics for $2.48 billion, had many options to grow out of its own resources but that other acquisitions would also be considered.
“What we are not going to do : mega deals. We will not go into that. But we will buy early stage-products that we will develop and market further, the closer they are to launch, the better,” they said without giving further details.
“I will not go country by country on M&A. I would say though mainland Europe is important as well as Asia.”
Princen said 90 percent of the job cuts announced in November were completed.
“If we look at the proportion, its 800 departures in the U.S and 200 outside the U.S,” they said.
The company is due to publish its annual results on Feb.6.
A thick blanket of smoke covering Sydney could affect children and people with respiratory conditions, health professionals say.
Sydneysiders woke to the smoke over the city on Monday as firefighters conducted backburning to prepare for a "significant fire season".
Westerly winds pushed the haze over Sydney from hazard reduction burns carried out in the Southern Highlands on Sunday.
NSW Health's environmental health director, Ben Scalley, says small particles in the smoke could travel deep into people's lungs.
The elderly, children and people with heart and lung conditions were most at risk, Dr Scalley said.
"Smoke may aggravate existing heart and lung conditions and cause irritated eyes, coughing and wheezing.
"If their symptoms persist, it's important they do seek medical advice."
With time quickly running out before the summer fire season, the Rural Fire Service is planning a number of other burn-offs in the coming weeks to minimise risks, after a dry winter has increased the fuel load throughout the state.
"We do have a lot of burns to do ... we have had below average rainfall in the majority of NSW and we are certainly cautious with no substantial rain forecast in the near future," an RFS spokesperson told AAP on Monday.
"They are predicting we are in for a very significant fire season ... it is vital we undertake the hazard reduction burns at this time of year when the conditions are right."
While hazard reduction burns are scheduled to continue throughout the state this week, conditions are not expected to worsen past Monday.
Originally published as Sydney smoke prompts health warning
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ORLANDO -- A couple moving a gas grill in an SUV was injured on Sunday when one of them lit a cigarette and an explosion happened.
Orlando police released photos of the Kia Sorento that showed extensive damage to the SUV with the roof blown out and the airbags deployed. The windshield was lying on the ground. All of the other glass was blown from the vehicle.
A gas grill being transported inside this car exploded when passenger lit a cigarette. 2 in car sustained burns; not life threatening. pic.twitter.com/76OaeJiCiv — Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) August 13, 2017
Police said the couple in the SUV sustained burns but their injuries were not life threatening.
The grill was turned on and the propane tank was open and connected, according to the Orlando Sentinel, The wife lit a cigarette and the SUV exploded according to police. After the explosion, the vehicle crashed into a pole
View of the television studio where the eleven candidates will participate in a prime-time televised debate for the French 2017 presidential election in La Plaine Saint-Denis, near Paris, France, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Lionel Bonaventure/Pool
Benoit Hamon of the French Socialist party arrives at the television studio where the eleven candidates will attend a prime-time televised debate for the French 2017 presidential election in La Plaine Saint-Denis, near Paris, France, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Lionel Bonaventure/Pool
Candidate Jacques Cheminade poses at the television studio where the eleven candidates will attend a prime-time televised debate for the French 2017 presidential election in La Plaine Saint-Denis, near Paris, France, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Lionel Bonaventure/Pool
Marine Le Pen of French National Front (FN) poses at the television studio where the eleven candidates will attend a prime-time televised debate for the French 2017 presidential election in La Plaine Saint-Denis, near Paris, France, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Lionel Bonaventure/Pool
Jean-Luc Melenchon of the Parti de Gauche arrives at the television studio where the eleven candidates will attend a prime-time televised debate for the French 2017 presidential election in La Plaine Saint-Denis, near Paris, France, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Lionel Bonaventure/Pool
Francois Fillon of the Republicans party arrives at the television studio where the eleven candidates will attend a prime-time televised debate for the French 2017 presidential election in La Plaine Saint-Denis, near Paris, France, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Lionel Bonaventure/Pool
Nicolas Dupont-Aignan of Debout La France group arrives at the television studio where the eleven candidates will attend a prime-time televised debate for the French 2017 presidential election in La Plaine Saint-Denis, near Paris, France, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Lionel Bonaventure/Pool
Nathalie Arthaud of France's extreme-left Lutte Ouvriere party (LO) arrives at the television studio where the eleven candidates will attend a prime-time televised debate for the French 2017 presidential election in La Plaine Saint-Denis, near Paris, France, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Lionel Bonaventure/Pool
Philippe Poutou of Anti-Capitalist Party (NPA) arrives at the television studio where the eleven candidates will attend a prime-time televised debate for the French 2017 presidential election in La Plaine Saint-Denis, near Paris, France, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Lionel Bonaventure/Pool
Marine Le Pen of French National Front (FN) arrives at the television studio where the eleven candidates will attend a prime-time televised debate for the French 2017 presidential election in La Plaine Saint-Denis, near Paris, France, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Lionel Bonaventure/Pool
Emmanuel Macron of the political movement En Marche ! (Onwards !) arrives at the television studio where the eleven candidates will attend a prime-time televised debate for the French 2017 presidential election in La Plaine Saint-Denis, near Paris, France, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Lionel Bonaventure/Pool
Philippe Poutou of Anti-Capitalist Party (NPA) attends a prime-time televised debate for the candidates at French 2017 presidential election in La Plaine Saint-Denis, near Paris, France, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Lionel Bonaventure/Pool
Benoit Hamon of the French Socialist party attends a prime-time televised debate for the candidates at French 2017 presidential election in La Plaine Saint-Denis, near Paris, France, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Lionel Bonaventure/Pool
Nathalie Arthaud of France's extreme-left Lutte Ouvriere party (LO) attends a prime-time televised debate for the candidates at French 2017 presidential election in La Plaine Saint-Denis, near Paris, France, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Lionel Bonaventure/Pool
Nicolas Dupont-Aignan of Debout La France group attends a prime-time televised debate for the candidates at French 2017 presidential election in La Plaine Saint-Denis, near Paris, France, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Lionel Bonaventure/Pool
Emmanuel Macron of the political movement En Marche ! (Onwards !) attends a prime-time televised debate for the candidates at French 2017 presidential election in La Plaine Saint-Denis, near Paris, France, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Lionel Bonaventure/Pool
Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election, attends a meeting in Reims, France. REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol
Candidates arrive at prime-time televised debate for the French 2017 presidential election in La Plaine Saint-Denis, near Paris, France, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Lionel Bonaventure/Pool
PARIS Centrist Emmanuel Macron kept their position as favourite to win France's presidential election after a televised debate on Tuesday night in which they clashed sharply with their main rival, Marine Le Pen, over Europe, just 19 days before the election.
Macron was seen as having the best political programme, according to a snap survey that also placed them as the second most convincing performer in a four-hour marathon that involved all 11 candidates.
Criticizing Le Pen, the leader of the National Front who wants to leave the euro, hold a referendum on European Union membership and curb immigration, Macron said: "Nationalism is war. I know it. I come from a region that is full of graveyards."
READ MORE: Macron leads field of 11 candidates in French election
The centrist, who voiced their strong pro-European views, comes from the Somme region, a major battlefield in World War One.
Le Pen hit back at Macron: "You shouldn't pretend to be something new when you are speaking like old fossils that are at least 50 years old."
Macron retorted: "Sorry to tell you this, Madame Le Pen, but you are saying the same lies that we've heard from your father for 40 years."
BREAKINGVIEWS: Markets snooze their way to Le Pen showdown
The comment appeared to be a swipe at Le Pen's efforts to clean up the image of the party their father, Jean-Marie Le Pen, founded and make it more palatable to mainstream voters.
In the Elabe snap poll taken when the debate ended in the early hours of Wednesday, firebrand leftist Jean-Luc Melenchon, a veteran of France's political circuit, took first place as the most convincing performer.
Le Pen lagged in fourth place behind Macron and Francois Fillon.
Macron was seen in the same poll as having the best programme of all the candidates by 23 percent of viewers, followed by Melenchon, whose ratings have been rising since the first televised debate in March, to the detriment of Socialist Party candidate Benoit Hamon.
While the Elabe poll did not show voting intentions, other surveys have consistently shown Macron and Le Pen qualifying for the May 7 runoff and Macron winning it. The high level of undecided voters means the ballot remains unpredictable.
The race for the Elysee has been one of the most unpredictable in memory, with twists and surprises in which some big players have been marginalised and scandal has tainted others.
Macron themselves is a former banker who has never held elected office and heads a fledgling political movement called En Marche ! (Onwards!) which has no seats in parliament.
Scandal surrounding Fillon, the main centre-right candidate, and a Socialist party in disarray, have been gifts to their campaign.
Le Pen, a far more established fixture on the political scene, is expected by many to lead in the first round before being beaten by Macron in the May runoff.
STINGING ATTACKS
In a debate that also discussed trade, immigration and security, Fillon and Le Pen came in for stinging attacks from two far-left candidates, who cited the judicial investigations facing them.
"Since January, it's just been a great campaign ... the more we dig, the more corruption there is, the more cheating there is," said Philippe Poutou, a fringe candidate.
They were referring to a report in the satirical Le Canard Enchaine weekly that was the first to allege that Fillon had been paying their wife huge sums of taxpayers' money for work they had not properly carried out.
Fillon, a 63-year-old conservative former prime minister, and their wife are being investigated over the allegations, although they deny any wrongdoing.
Le Pen in February used their immunity as EU lawmaker to refuse to go to a police summons over allegations they had made illegal EU payments to their staff.
Nathalie Arthaud, another far-left candidate, said: "Supermarket cashiers can be fired just for stealing a voucher. There is a shocking discrepancy here."
It was unclear whether a final debate scheduled for April 20 would take place, after several of the leading candidates said it was being held too close to the election itself.
(Additional reporting by Simon Carraud and Elizabeth Pineau; Writing by Ingrid Melander; Editing by Richard Balmforth and Peter Cooney)
NEW YORK — The American quartet of Crishuna Williams, Raevyn Rogers, Charlene Lipsey and Ajee Wilson set a world record in the 4x800-meter relay Saturday at the 111th Millrose Games.
Their time of 8 minutes, 5.89 seconds topped the mark of 8:06:50 set by the Russian team of Aleksandra Bulanova, Ekaterina Sharmina, Elena Kotulskaya and Anna Balakshina on Feb. 18, 2011.
Kendra Chambers, Lynsey Sharp, Ce'aira Brown and Cecilia Barowski of the United States finished second, and the Jamaican team of Fellan Ferguson, Simoya Campbell, Kimarra McDonald and Natoya Goule came in third.
Lolo Jones finished seventh in the women's 60-meter hurdles. They were clocked in 8.37 seconds, three weeks after they were passed over for a spot on the U.S. bobsled team for the 2018 Pyeongchang Olympics.
Scroll for more content...
The video shows them wrapped in foil blankets. The footage is grainy but underneath the foil blankets two of the boys are clearly wearing replica football shirts -- one sports a Real Madrid top, another a red England national team jersey.
Aged between 11 and 16 years old, these are the boys of the Wild Boar football team, who are trapped in a cave in northern Thailand. And the eyes of the world are very much on them as officials try to coordinate their rescue.
When the 12 boys and their soccer coach entered the cave, only to become stranded in the dark tunnels by a sudden and continuous downpour, the World Cup in Russia had been going on for just over a week.
The globe's biggest football tournament has proved an event full of shocks and surprises, but the Wild Boar team is on the minds of its organizers and some of the sport's greatest stars.
"It is terrible news and the world of football hopes that someone can find a way to take these kids out of there," former Real Madrid and Brazilian star Ronaldo told reporters at a FIFA media event. Ronaldo won the World Cup with Brazil in 2002 and claimed the golden boot award after scoring eight goals in that tournament.
'Be strong'
Football's governing body FIFA told CNN Sport it was in close contact with the Football Association of Thailand about the boys' plight.
"It is with great joy that we have received the news that the 12 boys and their football coach have been found alive after nine days missing in a flooded cave in Thailand," said FIFA in a statement.
"We hope that with the help of the rescue team, the boys and their coach will be brought safely out of the cave so that they can be reunited with their families."
Leicester City's Christian Fuchs also urged the boys to "be strong." Thai billionaire Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha is the owner of the English Premier League club.
"We have very strong ties with the country of Thailand, I'm closely following the rescue efforts to secure the lives of the 12 players and their coach," Fuchs told CNN Sport.
"I wish everybody all the best with their rescue efforts and I'm sure everything will be turning out well."
Since Srivaddhanaprabha purchased Leicester for $57 million in 2010, the club has gone from strength to strength and against the odds won the Premier League in 2016.
Srivaddhanaprabha is the founder of Thailand's leading duty-free store, King Power, and their net worth is $4.9 billion, according to Forbes.
Since being located, efforts continue to rescue the boys and bring them food, medicine and warm clothing.
Chiang Rai, govenor Narongsak Osottanakorn did not give an estimate on when they could be brought out and reunited with their families.
"All I can say is everyone is working very hard here. Everyone is working their hardest. They haven't rested since day one," they said in a media conference on Wednesday.
By Mayo Clinic Staff
Dietitian's tip: Four classic soy foods — tofu, soy milk, miso and soy sauce — flavor this creamy dressing. This dressing is also delicious on sliced tomatoes or grilled salmon.
Number of servings Serves 6
Ingredients
For the dressing 1/3 cup plain silken tofu 1/3 cup low-fat plain soy milk (soya milk) 1 tablespoon peeled and minced fresh ginger 1 1/2 teaspoons low-sodium soy sauce 1 teaspoon light miso 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro (fresh coriander) 1 tablespoon chopped green (spring) onion, including tender green top For the salad: 1 small avocado, pitted, peeled and cut into 12 thin slices 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice 12 ounces mixed baby lettuces (about 10 cups) 1/4 cup chopped red onion 1 green (spring) onion, including tender green top, thinly sliced on the diagonal 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro (fresh coriander)
Directions
To make the dressing, combine tofu, soy milk, ginger, soy sauce, miso and mustard in a blender or food processor. Process just until smooth and creamy. Transfer to a bowl and stir in the cilantro and green onion. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.
In a small bowl, toss the avocado slices in the lemon juice to prevent browning. Set aside. In a large bowl, combine the lettuces, red and green onions, and cilantro and toss to mix.
Add 2/3 of the dressing and toss lightly to coat. Divide the salad among individual plates. Arrange 2 avocado slices on top of each portion in a crisscross pattern. Top each avocado cross with a drizzle of the remaining dressing. Serve immediately.
Nutritional analysis per serving Serving size :About 1 1/2 cup Total carbohydrate 6 g
6 g Dietary fiber 3 g
3 g Sodium 124 mg
124 mg Saturated fat 0.5 g
0.5 g Total fat 4 g
4 g Cholesterol 0 mg Protein 3 g
3 g Monounsaturated fat 2 g
2 g Calories 72
72 Total sugars 2 g
2 g Added sugars 0 g
0 g Trans fat 0 g DASH Eating Plan Servings Fats and oils 1
1 Vegetables 1 Mayo Clinic Healthy Weight Pyramid Servings Fats 1
1 Vegetables 1 Diabetes Meal Plan Choices Fats 1
1 Nonstarchy vegetables 1
This recipe is one of 150 recipes collected in "The New Mayo Clinic Cookbook," published by Mayo Clinic Health Information and Oxmoor House, and winner of the 2005 James Beard award.
In the national motorcycle road racing world, Jordan Szoke's name and winning record is always first on everyone's lips.
And Szoke, the 12-time Canadian Superbike champ from Lynden, started the 2018 CSBK season with a win at Shannonville in Pro Superbike over the weekend.
But there's another local rider who claimed their first podium win Sunday on the 1.53-mile Shannonville circuit in Round 1 of their division.
Riding their Kawasaki ZX-6R Ninja, David MacKay, who lives in Stoney Creek, took third in the Liqui Moly Pro Sport Bike class behind Tomas Casas of Peterborough and Mitch Card of Ripley.
"We had a great weekend," the 20-year old who started in the CSBK in 2017 said. "Last year was a learning curve getting experience on all the new tracks. But, this year, I feel more confident and came to the track with more knowledge."
With about 120 horsepower in the 368-pound Ninja, MacKay estimates top speeds of about 230 k/mh. David's father Glenn, who continues to race on a sportsman level, provides crew chief support for their son at the national events. The younger MacKay also acknowledged engine guru Scott Miller for their involvement.
The team is known as MacK AttacK Racing and is a private operation looking for funding when competing against factory-sponsored teams.
Next up for MacKay, who just finished their third year at McMaster University where they are studying commerce, is Grand Bend June 8-10. They added they are very familiar with that course as they have competed many times there with SOAR (Southern Ontario Associates of Racing) since they started riding at 11 years of age.
"Grand Bend is my home track. I'm looking for good things there."
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
'So much so that there is no dismissal anymore,' says Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre II at a Malacañang press briefing
Published 12:31 PM, March 20, 2018
MANILA, Philippines - Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre II said on Tuesday, March 20, that they issued an order on Monday "vacating the dismissal" of charges against alleged drug lords Kerwin Espinosa and Peter Lim.
"So much so that there is no dismissal anymore," Aguirre said at a press briefing held inside Malacañang.
Aguirre added: "The case is now wide open," adding that all parties are now free to submit or present their evidence.
The investigation will be handled by a new prosecution panel composed of Senior Assistant Prosecutor Juan Pedro Navera, Assistant State Prosecutor Ana Noreen Devanadera, and Prosecution Attorney Herbert Calvin Abugan.
Aguirre said that President Rodrigo Duterte told them that "although there are rules, you should look at the pulse of the people."
Due to this order, Aguirre said the motion for reconsideration filed by the Police Criminal Investigation and Detection Group (CIDG) is now considered moot because of a new investigation that will take place.
More details to follow. – Rappler.com
Galway Bay fm newsroom – update as of 9am – Motorists and cyclists in Galway are being urged to take extra care this morning as road conditions in many areas remain dangerous.
A fall of snow and sleet over the weekend coupled with sub zero temperatures overnight have made road conditions particularly slippy today.
Galway gardaí are reporting that roads around the city are manageable this morning as most have been salted.
However pedestrians are warned to be cautious on footpaths as they have not been treated.
In Oranmore, local roads and estate roads are extremely slippy this morning but the N6 dual carriageway into the city has been treated.
In the Tuam area, the main roads are driveable as they have been treated however minor roads are particularly dangerous.
Some areas for motorists to take extra care in are Corofin, Monivea, Kilconly and Dunmore.
Gardaí say a rain shower in the past few minutes has made conditions in Corofin treacherous and a truck has jack-knifed near Cummer Cross.
No-one has been injured but motorists should approach the area with caution.
In the east of the county, conditions seem to be very difficult.
Ballinasloe gardaí say that while the M6 motorway has been treated, motorists still need to exercise extra care.
Hills are particularly difficult to manoeuvre and roads in the Kiltormer area are treacherous.
On the M17/M18 motorway, road conditions are particularly bad near the Ardrahan exit and locals roads which are not treated are also extremely slippy.
In the west of the county, sea breezes have resulted in slightly higher temperatures so there are no reports of any particularly treacherous routes, however motorists are advised to still take care as heavy rain falls.
All motorists are advised to keep a safe distance from the car in front and approach junctions at a slower speed.
The only school closure we have been notified about is Leitrim National School in Kylebrack, Loughrea which is closed today.
Bus Eireann says buses in Galway are running as normal or with minor delays.
SHANGHAI, April 13 Fourteen companies in China suspended trading in their shares on Thursday, citing the need to further evaluate the potential impact on businesses from plans to develop the Xiongan New Area, following a surge in the stocks after the scheme was unveiled.
Although the companies, including developer China Fortune Land, port operator Tangshan Port and cement maker BBMG Corp, said they applied voluntarily for the trading halt, some market participants speculated that the hand of the regulator was in fact at work in a bid to cool speculative fever around the "Xiongan concept".
The new special economic zone was announced last weekend, as China hopes to mimic the rapid growth seen following the establishment of a similar zone in Shenzhen in 1980. The move sparked a frenzy of property trading in the area near Beijing and in stocks believed to benefit from the plan.
At the weekend, Chinese stock exchanges warned several listed companies against misleading investors with bombastic hype around the red-hot theme.
The Shanghai Stock Exchange and Shenzhen Stock Exchange could not be reached immediately for comment.
The 14 companies described their recent share movement as "abnormal" - 13 of them saw their shares jumping to the 10 percent daily limit for six consecutive trading sessions - and vowed to protect investors' interests. They did not say when their shares would resume trading.
One of the companies, BBMG, said it would "further evaluate and check" its Xiongan-related business, and make a full risk disclosure. Its Hong Kong-traded shares, not subject to the suspension, lost about 1 percent on Thursday.
Some analysts doubted the trading halt would check speculative interest.
"The securities regulator hopes to cool down short-term speculation, but the Xiongan investment theme is still worth chasing in the long run given its prominence," said Yang Weixiao, analyst at Founder Securities.
They added those 14 stocks could rise further once their shares resume trading. (Reporting by Liu Luoyan, Samuel Shen and John Ruwitch; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier)
The MedStar Washington Hospital Center on Wednesday afternoon offered an update on Rep. Steve Scalise's (R-LA) injuries after they were shot at practice for a congressional baseball game earlier in the morning, describing them as in “critical condition.”
Rep. Scalise was critically injured and remains in critical condition. The other patient is in good condition. — MedStar Washington (@MedStarWHC) June 14, 2017
Scalise was shot in the hip when a gunman opened fire on the field in Alexandria, Virginia where members of Congress and their staff were practicing for the bipartisan charity baseball game.
The member of congress's office previously said that they were in “stable condition” and in “good spirits” heading into surgery.
State action may threaten about 40,000 jobs in Arizona's energy industry, but those jobs aren't ones that immediately come to mind. Instead, the 40,000 jobs – more than coal, wind, solar, oil and gas combined – are in energy efficiency. These well-paying jobs can't be outsourced because the work (like installation of equipment) must be done locally. Yet the Arizona Corporation Commission (ACC) will soon review utilities' requests that could scale back the very policies that have encouraged job creation and savings for Arizona consumers and businesses. The ACC should understand that strong utility policies support energy efficiency jobs, including for my coworkers at Dynamic Systems, Inc.
Energy efficiency is what drives success for about 185 Arizona employees delivering the latest energy-saving options to our customers. We install the air systems that keep homes and businesses healthy and comfortable – and that prevent air from leaking away after owners pay for the energy to heat or cool it.
We're the men and women behind welding masks and HVAC systems that keep cool or warm air circulating through ventilation ducts. We also install the piping and equipment needed to balance the systems. These simple projects can cut a building's energy costs by up to 30 percent.
At Arizona State University, for example, we helped construct one of Arizona's first buildings to earn the top Platinum score through the U.S. Green Building Council's LEED Green Building Rating System. The building features sensors that automatically control lighting and reduce energy use by 29 percent. We installed an innovative, variable-volume exhaust system that uses less energy to meet the laboratory's ventilation requirements.
These projects support Arizona jobs and help Arizona institutions, businesses and families do the same work with less energy. Efficiency programs and services also make Arizona more competitive by controlling costs. When homeowners and institutions spend less on electricity, they have more money to put into the bottom line or spend on other things, helping to grow the economy and keep money in Arizona.
Energy efficiency in Arizona pays for itself. For example, in 2016, every $1 that Tucson Electric Power spent on its energy efficiency programs returned about $2.70 in benefits to the economy.
Despite these great returns, Arizona Public Service Company has asked the ACC to let it cut back on their energy efficiency programs, including reducing services and rebates for customers. Meanwhile, many of Tucson Electric Power's programs were suspended this year, and Tucson Electric is asking the ACC to restore them. Arizona shouldn't backslide on energy efficiency, because the cutbacks jeopardize our future.
Arizona's energy efficiency leadership is supported through a local state-of-the-art training center that helps my colleagues and other union workers keep up with new technology. At the Sheet Metal, Air, Rail & Transportation Workers (SMART) Local 359 training center, workers from around the region learn to optimize energy use in all facets of the HVAC industry.
We barely have scratched the surface of what Arizona can do with efficiency. Imagine how many jobs we could create, how much we could grow the economy, and how much money we could save if Arizona had more ambitious efficiency programs and services. I'm asking the ACC to reject plans that cut utility funding for energy efficiency programs, so that we can seize the opportunity to scale up our efficiency industry.
— Darrell Fox, vice president of Dynamic Systems, Inc., serves on the board of trustees for the Arizona Chapter of Sheet Metal and Air Conditioning Contractors' National Association.
___________________________________________________________
The views expressed in guest commentaries are those of the author and are not the views of the Arizona Capitol Times.
Aug 11, 2017; Charlotte, NC, USA; Louis Oosthuizen tees off on the third hole during the second round of the 2017 PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club. Mandatory Credit: Kyle Terada-USA TODAY Sports
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Reuters) - Louis Oosthuizen looked in trouble after swinging down onto a tree root with an approach shot at the second hole but the South African shook off the injury scare as a momentary jolt and said it did not impair them during the PGA Championship third round.
Oosthuizen, who shook their right arm in discomfort after hitting the shot with their back against a tree, walked down the fairway with a physio working on him.
The 2010 British Open champion parred the hole and went on to register a level-par 71 for a five-under 208 total that left them two shots behind leader Kevin Kisner going into Sunday's final round.
"It's fine. It wasn't hurting at all. I didn't feel like it was painful or anything. It was just it got tight really quickly," they told reporters.
"I could feel it all over. I thought it would be good to get the physio and release it. They just did a proper release of it. There was no pain. I could hit my shots, no worries."
More worrisome for Oosthuizen was the condition of their eight-iron.
"I was going pretty steep on it. Took a big chunk out of it. Bent my eight-iron properly," said Oosthuizen, who had to go with their seven-iron instead on two approach shots in the closing holes including the 16th, which they bogeyed.
Oosthuizen tried to bend the club back but to no avail.
"I tried to fix it, but obviously I'm not good at that," they said. "I got it to the club and they tried to fix it, but it was just right in the hozzle where the shaft goes in. Ping is already building me a new one and getting it to me."
The big news out of Pittsburgh Steelers training camp on Monday was that the team has decided to scrap the notion of a linebacker rotation and have named T.J. Watt and Bud Dupree the starters on the outside and plan to work them in heavily. Veteran James Harrison will spell Watt as needed, but who will give Dupree a rest on occasion? Here are our top three candidates.
Thoothukudi: Actor-turned-politician Rajinikanth on Wednesday held anti-social elements responsible for Sterlite protests that claimed 13 lives in Tamil Nadu's Thoothukudi district.
Rajinikanth further added that if such protests continue to happen, Tamil Nadu will be turned into a cemetery.
"The entire problem started after anti-social elements attacked police and burned down collector's office, as a result, peaceful protesters were killed. If you undertake protest for each and every thing, Tamil Nadu will be turned into a cemetery," Rajinikanth told media here.
Don't expect a 'Karikaalan' from real life Rajinikanth. On #Tuticorin firing they think the "anti socials" in the protest started the issue by beating police. Clearly they are not with 'Makkal' and also said if protest like this happen everywhere TN will become an anarchy.#Kaala pic.twitter.com/PLgyH7jEI3 — Sudeep Sudhakaran (@SudeepSudhakrn) May 30, 2018 One Twitter user posted: Meanwhile, Rajinikanth also met those injured during protests at the Thoothukudi Medical College Hospital (TMCH). Earlier in the day, the actor announced a compensation of Rs 2 lakh each for the kin of victims killed in the protest. On May 22, 13 people were killed and more than 60 injured in the police firing during the protest against the construction of a new smelter plant by Sterlite copper mining Industries in Thoothukudi. The people were protesting against the construction of the copper plant, claiming that it was polluting groundwater, and was hazardous for the environment.
WOWBURGER is opening its first restaurant outside of Dublin, on Cork's Main Street.
To celebrate, we're going to have an epic party with killer tunes from our very own Fergal D'Arcy, great prizes to be won and of course plenty of delicious burgers, fries & shakes!
So if you want to be in with a chance of winning passes to join us in Cork's brand new WOWBURGER next Tuesday, fill in the form below.
If you or someone you know is in need of addiction treatment please call The Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration's National help line at 1-800-662-HELP (4357) or go to findtreatment.samhsa.gov.
Venezuela needs cash, and Russia has it. Venezuela has oil, and Russia wants it. According to a special report at Reuters, the socialist meltdown in Venezuela is likely to end with Moscow controlling a good deal of that tormented country's most valuable asset: its oil fields.
According to Reuters, Russia's giant state-owned oil company Rosneft has been holding secret negotiations with its opposite number in Venezuela, PDVSA, to purchase “ownership interests in up to nine of Venezuela's most productive petroleum projects.”
advertisement
The number of Venezuela projects Russia would have substantial or ownership stakes in would jump from five to 14 if these deals go through. The new acquisitions would include projects in some of Venezuela's richest oil and natural gas fields.
The article goes on to note that Rosneft has already floated a billion dollars to PDVSA for promised future oil shipments, and the regime of socialist dictator Nicolas Maduro used Russian money to avoid defaulting on bonds at least twice. Russia announced one of these seemingly risky advance payments immediately after the United States announced a new round of sanctions against Maduro at the beginning of August.
Barron's explains that Russia's advance payments for Venezuelan crude are essentially a stealth strategy for buying the oil fields themselves. Russia writes huge checks for barrels of oil, Venezuela is unable to deliver the product or pay the debt, and Russia swaps the debt for equity in the oil projects.
Rosneft is currently buying and reselling about 13 percent of Venezuela's oil. China used to be another big customer, but the Chinese have been cutting Venezuela's credit due to “payment delays and the corruption and crime faced by Chinese firms operating there.” Russia, on the other hand, saw Venezuela's disintegration as a prime opportunity to grab oil assets at bargain-basement prices. Among other measures taken to protect its investment, Rosneft has hired away some of the PDVSA's best officials. The endgame may very well see China renewing purchases of Venezuelan oil managed and distributed by Moscow.
Quoting a number of Venezuelan officials and foreign diplomats, Reuters contends that Maduro's lust for Russian cash drove one of the power plays that launched riots and violent crackdowns across the country: Maduro transferring the powers of the National Assembly, Venezuela's elected parliament, to the Supreme Court. In short, Maduro engineered the Supreme Court takeover in March because the opposition-controlled National Assembly was opposed to their oil deals with Russia. Maduro made their move soon after the National Assembly voted to reject a $500 million deal with Rosneft.
The National Assembly got most of its powers back, at least for a little while, but only after the Supreme Court certified those sales to Rosneft and gave Maduro perpetual legal authority to cut similar deals.
“Pressure from Russia has played an important role in Nicolas Maduro's decisions,” a high-ranking Venezuelan official told Reuters. The article goes on to suggest Russia's interests may have driven Maduro to make the ultimate power grab in July by creating a new “constituent assembly” stuffed with loyalists that effectively neuters the National Assembly.
“Russia is taking everything they have,” warned an oil trader. That pretty much sums up the Venezuelan opposition's view of the oil asset fire sale. One opposition politician described the Russians as “sharks” taking advantage of a “weak government desperate for cash.”
The number one customer for Venezuelan oil happens to be the United States, and that is where Russia's gambit gets interesting. In theory, Moscow should be worried about American sanctions reducing or destroying the value of its Venezuelan investments, but in practice the Russians know America is very reluctant to directly sanction the oil industry, because that “nuclear option” of sanctions would bring the tottering Venezuelan economy and political system crashing down in flames.
If Venezuela does collapse, Reuters notes that Rosneft would “likely will be one of the entities at the front of the queue as a creditor because of its large collateral stake in U.S.-based Citgo.”
That probably makes Moscow feel like it has some protection if the worst-case scenario comes to pass. In fact, some U.S. lawmakers are worried that Russia is deliberately maneuvering to take control of Citgo. “We cannot give Putin any opening to affect the flow of oil or toy with Americans' prices at the pump, and we cannot play Russian roulette with America's energy infrastructure,” Senator Bob Menendez (D-NJ) said at a press conference in April, after writing the Treasury Department to warn that Venezuelan default could leave Moscow with control of Citgo.
On the other hand, Russia's smartest play might be getting rid of Maduro and stabilizing Venezuela after it finishes shaking the socialist strongman down for their oil assets. Assuming Venezuela does not collapse entirely, the optimum moment to remove Maduro from the equation would be right before a significant rebound in world oil prices. Stratfor speculated in July that Russia has been working on an exit strategy to give Maduro asylum, motivated in part by Russian interest in protecting its purchase of oil, gas, and mineral assets.
As an added bonus, Stratfor noted Russia could even gain “leverage in their broader negotiations with the United States on other contentious topics, such as Syria, Ukraine or the European borderlands” by helping the United States yank Nicolas Maduro out of Caracas, simultaneously fulfilling explicit Trump administration foreign policy goals and implicit Russian financial objectives.
The volunteer crew of Bundoran RNLI Lifeboat were called out to assist in the rescue of dive boat with four people on board yesterday afternoon. (Sunday, April 16).
The dive boat with 4 persons on board, had broken down. The alarm was raised around 1:50pm with Malin Head Coast Guard who immediately requested the launch of the Bundoran Lifeboat and also tasked the Killybegs Coast Guard Rib.
The Bundoran Lifeboat launched at 2pm to the dive boat which was around a mile north of Bullockmore, (west of St John's Point). The Killybegs Coast Guard rib took the dive boat under tow to Killybegs Harbour with the Bundoran Lifeboat accompanying both vessels.
On returning to the station around 90 minutes later, Volunteer Lifeboat Crew member with Bundoran RNLI Richard Gillespie said "the people on board the dive boat were absolutely correct to call the Coast Guard and have ourselves and Killybegs launched. While they were in no immediate danger, the longer they left the call, the more chances there were of something going wrong. We would always encourage boat users to contact the Coast Guard on the first sign of a problem so we can be there to help sooner rather than later."
The Bundoran RNLI Lifeboat remains on call 24 hours per day, 7 days per week. In case of emergency call 999 or 112 and ask for the Coast Guard.
* India biggest importer of petcoke, mainly from U.S.
* India top court to hear case on banning petcoke imports (Adds detail)
By Sudarshan Varadhan
NEW DELHI, Dec 11 (Reuters) - India's government is in favour of banning imports of petroleum coke on environmental grounds, according to a government affidavit filed with the country's top court, which could be a big blow to U.S. refiners who export heavily to the country.
The Supreme Court, which in October banned the use of petroleum coke in and around New Delhi in a bid to clean the air in one of the world's most polluted cities, is scheduled to hear a case on its use across the country later on Monday.
India is the world's biggest consumer of petroleum coke, better known as petcoke, which is a dark solid carbon material that emits 11 percent more greenhouse gases than coal, according to the Carnegie–Tsinghua Center for Global Policy. Burning it also emits several times more sulphur dioxide, which causes lung diseases and acid rain. Local producers include Indian Oil Corp, Reliance Industries and Bharat Petroleum Corp. The oil ministry has also told the Supreme Court that petcoke should only be used as feedstock, like in the cement industry, and not as fuel. A country-wide import ban would require replacing 14 million tonnes of petcoke a year with 24 million to 31 million tonnes of coal, according to industry calculations, most of which has to be imported. (Reporting by Sudarshan Varadhan; Writing by Krisna N. Das; Editing by Joseph Radford)
The insurance industry is pledging to fund a new Garda unit to investigate insurance fraud.
The dedicated section, which would cost €1 million a year to run, would operate independent of the insurance sector.
It would aim to crack down on bogus claims, as part of efforts towards achieving a drop in premiums for motorists.
Motor insurance groups have previously claimed as many as one-in-eight claims it sees are 'suspicious'.
Closer cooperation between the insurance industry and gardaí was one of the recommendations of the 'cost of insurance' working group report to the Government.
Great news on funding of the proposed Garda Insurance Fraud Unit this morning as @insurance_irl commit to funding it. Now, let's get it operational. Our full reaction is at https://t.co/JlVc6Z2bR2.https://t.co/rwbs9nxboS pic.twitter.com/rZ15A0IlhX — Alliance For Insurance Reform (@InsuranceRefIre) July 4, 2018
CEO of Insurance Ireland Kevin Thompson says companies have agreed to fund a fraud unit.
They explained: "We consulted with our members. We looked at a similar initiative which has been in operation in the UK since 2012.
"We looked at how they went about it; we took high-level costings from An Garda Síochana; and we were pleased to confirm to Government in our letter recently to them that we were happy to support the funding of this initiative."
They stressed that it's now up to the Government "to decide when and how this will happen".
The Alliance for Insurance Reform - a group looking to drive down insurance costs in Ireland - welcomed the proposal.
The alliance's Peter Boland said: "In particular, we note that the new fraud group will be funded by insurers but will be operationally independent of them. This is right and proper and will mean that there should be no barriers to the urgent establishment of the unit."
Posted by admin on March 20, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is allowing more employers to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women by claiming religious or moral objections, issuing new rules Friday that take another step in rolling back the Obama health care law.
The new policy is a long-expected revision to federal rules that require most companies to cover birth control as preventive care for women, at no additional cost. Preventive services are supposed to be free of charge to employees and their dependents under former President Barack Obama's Affordable Care Act.
Trump's religious and moral exemption is expected to galvanize both their opponents and religious conservatives that back him, but it's likely to have a limited impact on America's largely secular workplaces. Most women no longer pay for birth control, and advocates immediately announced plans to try to block the new rule in court.
Although tens of thousands of women could be affected by Trump's new policy, the vast majority of companies have no qualms about offering birth control benefits through their health plans. Human resource managers recognize that employers get an economic benefit from helping women space out their pregnancies, since female workers are central to most enterprises.
The administration estimated that some 200 employers who have already voiced objections to the Obama-era policy would qualify for the expanded opt-out, and that 120,000 women would be affected. However, it's unclear how major religious-affiliated employers such as Catholic hospitals and universities will respond.
Since contraception became a covered preventive benefit, the share of women employees paying their own money for birth control pills has plunged to under 4 percent, from 21 percent, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation.
The Trump administration's revision broadens a religious exemption that previously applied to houses of worship, religiously affiliated nonprofit groups, and closely-held private companies. Administration officials said the new policy defends religious freedom. Privately owned for-profit companies, as well as publicly-traded for-profit companies will be able to seek an exemption.
Officials also said the administration is tightening oversight of how plans sold under the health law cover abortion. With limited exceptions, abortions can only be paid for through a separate premium collected from enrollees. No public subsidies can be used, except in cases that involve rape, incest, or preserving the life of the mother.
Doctors' groups that were key to derailing Republican plans to repeal the health law outright expressed dismay over the administration's move on birth control.
The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists said the new policy could reverse the recent progress in lowering the nation's rate of unintended pregnancies.
“Instead of fulfilling its mission ‘to enhance and protect the health and well-being of all Americans,' HHS leaders under the current administration are focused on turning back the clock on women's health,” said the organization's president, Dr. Haywood Brown.
Women's groups said they would try to stop the administration from carrying out the changes.
“The rules give employers a license to discriminate against women,” said Fatima Goss Graves, president of the National Women's Law Center. “We will take immediate legal steps to block these unfair and discriminatory rules.”
Administration officials said the new policy takes effect right away.
___
AP writer David Crary in New York contributed to this report.
^By GETHIN COOLBAUGH=
^Associated Press=
BOSTON (AP) _ Terry Rozier's second act as an NBA starter was just as impressive as their first.
Rozier had a career-high 31 points and seven rebounds in their second career start, Jayson Tatum added a career-high 27 points and the short-handed Boston Celtics beat the Atlanta Hawks 119-110 on Friday night.
Rozier started in place of the injured Kyrie Irving. The third-year guard became the second player in league history with a triple-double in their first start, totaling 17 points, 11 rebounds and 10 assists in Wednesday's blowout of the Knicks.
``Both (starts had) just the same feeling,'' Rozier said. ``Just wanting to come out aggressive, do what I can on the offensive and defensive end. My teammates made it so easy for me because they play so hard. We just play hard collectively as a group.''
Irving missed their second straight game with a right quad contusion that they suffered in Monday's win at Denver and was one of four Boston players who sat with injuries on Friday.
Rozier will soon have to yield their starting backcourt spot to Irving _ and he's fine with that.
``Kyrie's probably one of my biggest supporters, outside of my family, through this little process,'' Rozier said. ``I know he's happy for me, and when they come back we're just going to pick it up.''
Jaylen Brown scored 19 points and Al Horford had 17 with seven assists to help lead Boston to its fourth win in five tries.
Taruean Prince had a career-high 31 points and eight rebounds to lead the Hawks, who have lost five of six. Dennis Schroder added 25 points and Marco Belinelli had 15.
Trailing 55-53 at halftime, Boston opened a 19-point lead heading into the fourth quarter after outscoring Atlanta 41-20 in the third.
``They got off to a quick start (in the third),'' Prince said. ``We kind of lagged defensively. I can blame myself for that one. ... They were hitting a lot of good shots, too.''
Rozier passed their previous career best of 23 points on a pair of free throws with 1:10 remaining in the third. They eclipsed 30 points with a 3-pointer at 6:10 of the final period. Irving is the only other Celtics player with a 30-point game this season.
Schroder's jumper with 7:19 left brought the Hawks within 10 at 103-93, but Atlanta wouldn't come any closer until the final minute with the game out of reach.
Atlanta led 32-26 after one quarter.
``Pretty good (first) half of basketball,'' Hawks coach Mike Budenholzer said. ``It felt like we could have had more of a cushion. Six- to eight-point lead, and it's two at the half. Just a huge third quarter for them.''
BLEEDING GREEN
Only 10 players suited up for Boston as Irving, F Marcus Morris (bruised left hip), Gs Shane Larkin (right knee soreness) and Marcus Smart (right hand laceration) were sidelined with injuries.
``It speaks a lot (about) the guys here,'' Horford said.
PRINCE ASCENDS
Prince was named as an injury replacement for Milwaukee's Malcolm Brogdon in the Rising Stars game during All-Star Weekend. Prince will join Hawks rookie forward John Collins on the U.S. team roster.
``Kind of excited, kind of relieved because I felt like I did enough work this summer to be able to be in the game from the jump, but God has their own route,'' said Prince, who is Atlanta's third-leading scorer, averaging 12.3 points per game. ``That's the reason I had a little fire to me tonight.''
GREG WHO?
The Celtics have not announced their reported signing of recently bought-out C Greg Monroe, but that didn't stop Morris from weighing in on the potential addition.
``I think that's a great pick-up for us,'' Morris said. ``Veteran player, knows how to play the game, been around the league for a while, so I think he'd be an add to our size down low, (our) scoring ability.''
TIP-INS
Hawks: Schroder played after being listed as questionable with a right shoulder strain. ... F DeAndre' Bembry (left adductor strain) missed their 20th straight game.
Celtics: All five Boston starters scored in double figures for the first time Dec. 23. ... Coach Brad Stevens said Irving is feeling ``a little bit better'' and is considered day-to-day. ... Morris said they will be questionable to play Sunday. ... Smart will likely miss an additional 10 to 14 days, Stevens said.
UP NEXT
Hawks: Complete a two-game trip Sunday against the Knicks.
Celtics: Host Portland on Sunday to wrap up a three-game homestand.
April 10 SANOMA OYJ
* SANOMA SELLS THE DUTCH TV BUSINESS SBS TO TALPA – OUTLOOK FOR 2017 IMPROVED
* HAS AGREED TO SELL ITS 67% STAKE IN DUTCH TV BUSINESS SBS TO TALPA BROADCASTING HOLDING B.V. FOR A NET CASH CONSIDERATION OF EUR 237 MILLION
* WILL OBTAIN 100% OWNERSHIP OF TV GUIDE BUSINESS VERONICA UITGEVERIJ AS PART OF TRANSACTION
* THIS IMPLIES A 12.6X 2016 EV/EBITDA MULTIPLE FOR SBS
* DIVESTMENT IS SUBJECT TO CLOSING CONDITIONS INCLUDING CUSTOMARY REGULATORY APPROVALS AND IS EXPECTED TO CLOSE IN Q3 OF 2017
* SANOMA'S NET FINANCIAL DEBT (PRO FORMA 2016) REDUCES FROM EUR 786 MILLION TO EUR 539 MILLION AND NET DEBT / ADJUSTED. EBITDA DECREASES FROM 3.2X TO 2.5X
* DIVESTMENT WILL RESULT IN A NON-CASH CAPITAL LOSS OF EUR 313 MILLION
* OUTLOOK FOR 2017 IMPROVED, DIVIDEND POLICY UNCHANGED
* EXPECTS THAT IN 2017 GROUP'S CONSOLIDATED NET SALES ADJUSTED FOR STRUCTURAL CHANGES, INCLUDING DIVESTMENT OF SBS, WILL BE STABLE AND OPERATIONAL EBIT MARGIN WILL BE ABOVE 10%
* AFFIRMS THAT NEW DIVIDEND POLICY AIMING FOR INCREASING DIVIDENDS WILL NOT BE IMPACTED BY SBS DIVESTMENT Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
STUDENTS at Richmond Primary School had an absolute ball with Collingwood netball captain Madi Robinson.
And Madi's not just a Magpie, she's also a Diamond — and when they dropped in to meet the kids they also talked about the national team as it prepares to defend its Commonwealth Games title on the Gold Coast.
With the Games starting in just a fortnight, primary pupils across the nation are expected to spend more time trying to emulate sporting heroes like Madi.
CHILDREN SQUEEZED OUT AS SPORTS BOOM HITS
Students Elizabeth and Will were among those students to learn the importance of staying active from the Magpies' inaugural skipper.
The star mid-courter made contact as an ambassador for the Premier's Active April challenge, now in its 10th year.
BRAWLING FOOTY PARENTS MUST GROW UP
KIDS EAT CAKE OVER FRUIT DURING SPORT
Active April is a commitment to finding time for 30 minutes of exercise each day for the month.
Richmond Primary is in the running to be one of the top schools across the state for registration in the challenge. Registration is free — find out more at activeapril.vic.gov.au
Police arrested a 29-year-old man on Sunday evening in connection with the death of Miltiadis Kleanthous, 86, who was found dead on Sunday morning with head injuries in their house in the Linopetra refugee estate in Limassol.
Kleanthous, who lived alone, was found by their daughter at around 11.30am in a pool of blood.
It is believed that they may have been robbed and murdered.
The arrested man was questioned at a Limassol police station and will be taken to court later.
May 2 Enzymotec Ltd:
* Vaya Pharma announces availability of new three-month bottles of its prescription medical foods Vayarin and Vayacog
* Vaya Pharma -three-month bottles of Vayarin and Vayacog are available through Vaya direct for $148.50 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Illinois GOP Gov. Bruce Rauner on Tuesday declined to endorse the incumbent Democrat running for Congress against a neo-Nazi GOP candidate, instead calling for the Nazi to drop out of the race.
Arthur Jones, who describes the Holocaust as “the biggest, blackest lie in history,” is running against Rep. Dan Lipinski (D-IL), a moderate pro-life Democrat.
Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) slammed Jones as a “bigoted fool” on Friday, and called on voters to either write in another candidate or vote for Lipinski.
When WCIA reporters asked Rauner if they would do the same, the answer was “no.”
“The one thing I will say is the person, that guy, Johnson or whatever their name is, should not be on the ballot,” said the Illinois governor.
Rauner is locked in a tough fight to keep their seat against billionaire Democrat J.B. Pritzer. The governor first condemned Jones back in February, saying that “there is no room for Neo Nazis in American politics.”
After state Republicans failed recruit anyone to challenge Jones in the primary and missed several other opportunities to kick them off the ticket, the neo-Nazi crowed over their victory.
“I snookered them,” they told Politico.
Posted by admin on February 3, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Scroll for more content...
Republican Sen. Susan Collins, a key vote in the coming Supreme Court confirmation fight, said Sunday they would not support a nominee hostile to the landmark abortion ruling in Roe v. Wade.
"I would not support a nominee who demonstrated hostility to Roe v. Wade because that would mean to me that their judicial philosophy did not include a respect for established decisions, established law," Collins said on CNN's "State of the Union."
The Maine senator said when they met with President Donald Trump to discuss the vacancy created by the retirement of Justice Anthony Kennedy, they encouraged Trump "to broaden their list beyond" their standing list of 25 potential choices.
Collins said they are not comfortable with everyone on Trump's list of conservative names and stressed their preferences in their meeting.
"The President really was soliciting my views on the type of nominee that I was looking for," Collins said. "I emphasized that I wanted a nominee who would respect precedent, a fundamental tenet of our judicial system."
Trump told CNN at the outset of their campaign that they would use Roe as a litmus test for Supreme Court choices, and Vice President Mike Pence likewise said during the campaign that they would see the abortion ruling in the "ash heap of history."
Nevertheless, Collins said Trump told them they would not ask a nominee how they or they would vote on Roe. They went on to say they did not believe Justice Neil Gorsuch, a conservative judge they voted to confirm last year, would vote to overturn Roe v. Wade either.
"I actually don't," they said of Gorsuch joining an opinion overturning Roe. "I had a very long discussion with Justice Gorsuch in my office and they pointed out to me that they are a co-author of a whole book on precedent."
In addition to their belief on Gorsuch's position, Collins also noted Chief Justice John Roberts previously expressed that Roe v. Wade had been established.
"I want a judge who will apply the law to the facts of the case with fidelity to the Constitution," Collins said. "Roe v. Wade is a constitutional right that is well established, and no less an authority than Chief Justice Roberts said that repeatedly at their confirmation hearing."
In a separate interview on the same program, Illinois Democratic Sen. Tammy Duckworth said they would advise their colleagues, including Collins and fellow key vote Sen. Lisa Murkowski, an Alaska Republican, not to "just trust that what somebody says to you in a conversation trying to get your vote is what's going to happen when they are on the Supreme Court."
"Justice Gorsuch told them that they would respect precedent, and yet they have voted against precedent just this week with the Janus case," Duckworth said, referring to a labor union case decided Wednesday.
OECD Secretary-General Angel Gurria, left, is greeted by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe prior to a meeting at Abe's official residence in Tokyo, Japan April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Shizuo Kambayashi/Pool
OECD Secretary-General Angel Gurria, left, is greeted by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe prior to a meeting at Abe's official residence in Tokyo, Japan April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Shizuo Kambayashi/Pool
OECD Secretary-General Angel Gurria, left, explains materials of OECD Economic Surveys Japan to Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at Abe's official residence in Tokyo, Japan April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Shizuo Kambayashi/Pool
TOKYO The Bank of Japan should maintain quantitative easing until inflation exceeds its price target but it must be alert to the risks posed to asset prices and the financial sector, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development said.
The OECD raised Japan's 2017 economic growth forecast to 1.2 percent, from 1.0 percent in November, because of an expected pickup in consumer spending, exports and capital expenditure.
However, the Paris-based think tank maintained its forecast growth will slow to 0.8 percent in 2018, highlighting the difficulty Japan faces achieving sustainable growth.
To improve this situation, Japan should raise the minimum wage further and improve productivity at small- and medium-sized enterprises, the OECD said in its latest economic assessment.
"Achieving the 2 percent inflation target should remain a top priority, while monitoring the potential costs and side effects," the OECD said.
The BOJ currently applies a negative 0.1 percent interest rate on a small portion of commercial banks' excess reserves.
It also buys government debt to keep the 10-year bond yield near zero and buys exchange-traded funds to lower risk premiums.
The BOJ's holdings of government debt now total around 40 percent of all outstanding debt, which could hurt liquidity and lead to market instability when the central bank exits the policy, the OECD said.
WORRY ON ASSET PRICES
The central bank's policy mix could push up asset prices by encouraging excessive risk-taking, the OECD said. Negative interest rates could hurt bank earnings and make asset management more difficult for pension funds and life insurers, the report said.
Exiting quantitative easing is still far away given that inflation is around zero, the OECD acknowledged.
The OECD called on the government to promote consumption by raising the minimum wage to half the level of median wages. Currently Japan's minimum wage is around 40 percent of the median, one of the lowest among OECD member countries.
Japan's public debt burden, which is the worst among advanced nations at more than twice the size of its economy, needs to be brought down with spending cuts and gradual increases in the sales tax, the OECD said.
Japan's government has twice delayed a plan to raise the nationwide sales tax to 10 percent from 8 percent.
The tax hikes are needed to pay for rising welfare costs, but the government has backed away after a hike to 8 percent from 5 percent in 2014 hurt consumer spending.
"I am on record for supporting the original date for raising the sales tax to 10 percent from 8 percent," OECD Secretary-General Angel Gurria told reporters.
"Japan needs the money. I was hoping for something gradual, steady and predictable. Instead we stopped at 8 percent."
Gurria also said they felt the sales tax could rise to 15 percent or more.
(Reporting by Stanley White; Editing by Eric Meijer and Richard Borsuk)
× Woman pleads guilty in pregnant neighbor's death
FARGO, N.D. (AP) — A North Dakota woman pleaded guilty Monday in the killing of a pregnant neighbor so they and their boyfriend could keep the baby, though officials are still saying little about how the victim died.
Brooke Crews, 38, could face life in prison after pleading guilty to conspiracy to commit kidnapping and murder and lying to law officers in the death of 22-year-old Savanna Greywind, of Fargo. Them boyfriend, William Hoehn, 32, has pleaded not guilty to conspiracy to commit kidnapping and murder and lying to law officers.
 They are scheduled for trial in March, which a prosecutor cited as a reason for continuing to withhold information on the case.
Crews' attorney, Steven Mottinger, said afterward that the guilty pleas will help their client argue for less than the maximum sentence of life in prison without parole.
“Ms. Crews early on indicated that they wanted to take responsibility for their actions,” Mottinger said. “From where I stand, they took responsibility today by entering a guilty plea to the three charges.”
Greywind was eight months pregnant when they disappeared in August. Kayakers found their body wrapped in plastic in a river. The baby was found alive in the apartment Crews shared with their 32-year-old boyfriend, William Hoehn. Hoehn is scheduled for trial in March.
Crews didn't offer details on how Greywind was killed. Authorities haven't said either, but Fargo Police Chief Dave Todd has said their death was a “cruel and vicious act of depravity.”
Cass County State's Attorney Birch Burdick said further details aren't likely to be released until after Hoehn's case is finished.
“As you're well aware, this is one important step in two cases that are intertwined,” Burdick said outside the courtroom. “At least our office will be rather circumspect until we've got both cases resolved. Then we can elaborate more fully.”
Although Crews and Hoehn are not facing murder chargers, Burdick said that the conspiracy charges are in the same offense category and carry the same maximum penalty as murder.
“At the time we charged the case, it seemed like an appropriate charge based upon our then-available evidence,” they said. “As the case moved forward, we did not see a reason to change the charges. We believe it makes no difference from a sentencing perspective.”
Crews initially claimed that Greywind gave up their newborn daughter, but they later admitted taking advantage of the woman to get the child, according to court documents. Crews told police they arranged to have Greywind come to their apartment and told them how to induce labor. Greywind came back two days later to give them the newborn baby, Crews said.
But Hoehn told police a different story, according to the documents. They said they came home on Aug. 19 to find Crews cleaning up blood in their bathroom. Hoehn said Crews presented them with an infant girl and said: “This is our baby. This is our family.”
Hoehn told police they took garbage bags containing bloody shoes and their bloody towels and disposed them away from the apartment complex, according to the court documents. Hoehn is scheduled for trial in March.
Authorities have not said how the baby was delivered. The baby is now in the custody of their father, Ashton Matheny, who was Greywind's boyfriend.
East Central District Judge Frank Racek on Monday asked Crews about letters they sent to the court complaining about a delay in receiving evidence. Crews told the judge that the issue was resolved.
“Cases like this we start with initial police reports, lab reports,” Mottinger said. “Things come in over a period of time. It's a step-by-step by process.”
Robbie Williams and Jimmy Page's planning battle is set to continue after a council failed to reach a decision on the singer's swimming pool plans.
The 44-year-old former Take That star - who is married to actor Ayda Field - is hoping to have a new pool constructed in their West London home, but Jimmy has strongly opposed the move over the last four years, arguing it would be "catastrophic" for their own property.
However, Kensington and Chelsea Council's planning committee has deferred a decision, meaning the battle is set to rumble on.
The row between two of the UK's most high-profile musicians was sparked shortly after Robbie bought the house from film director Michael Winner.
Jimmy, 74, has lived in their current home since 1972 and has opposed Robbie's plans because they fear the vibrations caused by the construction work could lead to irreversible damage.
The former Led Zepplin star previously detailed their concerns in a two-page letter to the council, telling the local authority that their home is "one of the most historic buildings in the borough".
They explained: "Having protected the Tower House for over 40 years, I am now continuing the fight against a new threat to this precious and unique building."
Jimmy has also attended a council planning meeting where the controversial application was discussed.
They told the councilors: "I feel it is my duty to protect that house, I really do."
Robbie's plans - which they submitted to the local council in January - include designs for a swimming pool and a gym facility to be constructed underneath their London house.
Speech to Text for Trashcan bomb arrest
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video.
this week's "trash can explosion investigation". it happened tuesday on 4th street in terre haute. "officers said".. someone "put an explosive device in a trash can".. "and detonated it". no one was hurt.. but "the police" still take this kind of incident "very seriously". "today".. officers arrested "bradley ellinger." "the terre haute police department" believes "ellinger" made and detonated the device. they now face "several charges". "a northern vigo county home".. is destroyed
PAUL Kent has declared there are only two players who should be considered as the next Immortals inductees.
Rugby League will this year make another two greats of the game ‘Immortal' and the door has been flung wide open due to changes in the guidelines.
The original rules stated that only post-1946 players would be considered but changes to the criteria has created the opportunity to go back all the way to 1908, the NRL to add either one or two to the eight existing Immortal inductees.
Watch every NRL premiership game live in 2018 on Fox Sports. Sign up here to stream for free on a two week trial >
The co-host of NRL360 said with the changes to selection criteria, the first decision is an easy one to make.
“We do know we can go back to 1908 – to me that makes Dally Messenger an absolute moral to be included – the game was built around Dally Messenger coming over from rugby union to rugby league,” Kent told Fox Sports.
“No game without him. Player of the year award, the biggest honour in the game for an individual is called the Dall M Medal, he's already an immortal in the game, we just need to formalise it now.
“Ok now Dally Messenger is officially an immortal, he'll become the ninth immortal and the 10th immortal.”
Ben Ikin and Nathan Ryan are joined by Storm recruitment manager Paul Bunn to discuss the club's secrets for luring new players to the club, including a behind-the-scenes role for Billy Slater.
You can also subscribe via iTunes or for Android users, listen on the iPP Podcast Player app.
Norm Provan has been a candidate since the inception of the concept and missed out, while Mal Meninga has been spoken about on three occasions to join the illustrious group but to no avail.
Kent said they would look at recent retirees to fill the other place and it's a former Kangaroos and Maroons skipper who he'd pick.
Camera Icon Darren Lockyer of Queensland is congratulated by the crowd. Picture: Getty Images
“I think Darren Lockyer,” Kent continued.
“I think we're moving forward. The last Immortal was Andrew Johns, I think we need to start looking (at) the generation beyond that.
“But we're going to have two every four years no so they can start to fix up some of the holes in the system.”
Police: Minot mans out on bond found with 122 grams of meth
WILLISTON, N.D. (AP) — Authorities say a man who was out on bond from a drug charge was arrested in northwestern North Dakota after police seized nearly 122 grams of methamphetamine during a traffic stop.
Officials with the Northwest Narcotics Task Force say John Mincey, of Minot, was stopped Saturday in Williams County. A search discovered the meth as well as a loaded handgun and $7,000 in cash.
Mincey is facing four charges, including possession with intent to distribute and felon in possession of a firearm.
Authorities say Mincey is charged in Ward County with possession of a controlled substance with intent to deliver and had an active warrant for their arrest in relation to that case.
Court documents do not list an attorney for Mincey.
Judge Neil Gorsuch speaks as their wife Louise (C) reacts during a swearing in ceremony as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court, accompanied by Supreme Court Associate Justice Anthony Kennedy (R) and U.S. President Donald J. Trump in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington, U.S., April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence arrives for the swearing in ceremony of Judge Neil Gorsuch as an Associate Supreme Court Justice in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington, U.S., April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
Associate Supreme Court Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Clarence Thomas arrive for the swearing in ceremony of Judge Neil Gorsuch as an Associate Supreme Court Justice in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington, U.S., April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
U.S. Supreme Court Justices, including Chief Justice John Roberts, Clarence Thomas, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Stephen Breyer and Samuel Alito (L-R) attend a swearing in ceremony for new Supreme Court Associate Justice Neil Gorsuch in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington, U.S., April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
U.S. President Donald Trump, Supreme Court Associate Justice Anthony Kennedy (C) and Judge Neil Gorsuch (R) arrive at a swearing in ceremony for Judge Gorsuch as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington, U.S., April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY
Judge Neil Gorsuch embraces their wife Louise Gorsuch after swearing as an associate justice of the Supreme Court by the senior Associate Justice of the Supreme Court Anthony Kennedy (R), as U.S. President Donald J. Trump (L) watches in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington, U.S., April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks before the swearing of Judge Neil Gorsuch as an Associate Supreme Court by Justice Anthony Kennedy in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington, U.S., April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
Judge Neil Gorsuch is sworn in as an Associate Supreme Court Justice by Justice Anthony Kennedy in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington, U.S., April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
Judge Neil Gorsuch shakes hands with Supreme Court Associate Justice Anthony Kennedy after being sworn in as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court, accompanied by Louise Gorsuch (C) and U.S. President Donald J. Trump in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington, U.S., April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
U.S. President Donald Trump points to the audience after the swearing in of Judge Neil Gorsuch as an Associate Supreme Court Justice in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington, U.S., April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
Chief Justice of the United States John Roberts (C) looks on as Judge Neil Gorsuch (R) signs the constitutional oath during swearing-in ceremony at the Supreme Court in Washington, U.S., April 10, 2017. Courtesy Supreme Court of the United States/Handout via REUTERS
Chief Justice of the United States John Roberts (R) administers the constitutional oath to judge Neil Gorsuch, as their wife Louise Gorsuch holds the bible during a private ceremony at the Supreme Court in Washington, U.S., April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Curator's Office; Supreme Court of the United States/Handout via Reuters
Judge Neil Gorsuch (L) is sworn in as an associate justice of the Supreme Court by Supreme Court Associate Justice Anthony Kennedy (R) , as U.S. President Donald J. Trump (C) watches with Louise Gorsuch in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington, U.S., April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
Judge Neil Gorsuch is congratulated by U.S. President Donald J. Trump after being sworn in as an associate justice of the Supreme Court in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington, U.S., April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
WASHINGTON Donald Trump reveled in the biggest political victory of their presidency at a White House ceremony on Monday in which their Supreme Court pick Neil Gorsuch was sworn in, poised to make an instant impact on a court once again dominated by conservatives.
Trump was able to fulfill a top campaign promise when the Republican-led U.S. Senate voted to confirm the conservative Colorado-based federal appeals court judge to the lifetime job on Friday despite vehement Democratic opposition.
With Gorsuch aboard, the court has five conservative justices and four liberals, a majority that could be pivotal in deciding a range of issues including abortion, gun control, the death penalty, presidential powers, political spending, environmental regulation and religious rights.
Standing in the White House Rose Garden under bright sunshine on a warm spring day, Trump tied the occasion to the political aims of their administration, as the eight other members of the nation's highest court looked on.
"Together we are in a process of reviewing and renewing and also rebuilding our country," Trump told an audience that included conservative activists and administration officials. "A new optimism is sweeping across our land and a new faith in America is filling our hearts and lifting our sights."
Gorsuch filled a vacancy that had lingered for nearly 14 months after conservative Justice Antonin Scalia's February 2016 death. Gorsuch's judicial oath was administered by Justice Anthony Kennedy, for whom Gorsuch worked as a clerk as a young lawyer. Gorsuch becomes the first justice to serve alongside a former boss.
Trump made a point of thanking Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell for their role in winning confirmation. McConnell last week led the effort to change long-standing Senate rules in order to end a Democratic blockade of Gorsuch's nomination. Under McConnell's leadership, the Senate last year refused to consider Democratic former President Barack Obama's nomination of Merrick Garland to replace Scalia, an appointment that would have tilted the court to the left for the first time in decades.
"I've always heard that the most important thing that a president of the United States does is appoint people, hopefully great people like this appointment, to the United States Supreme Court," Trump said.
"He will decide cases not based on their personal preferences but based on a fair and objective reading of the law," Trump said of Gorsuch.
During last year's presidential campaign, Trump pledged to pick a justice who would overturn the landmark 1973 Supreme Court Roe v. Wade ruling that legalized abortion. During their Senate confirmation hearing, Gorsuch declined to answer about whether Roe v. Wade and other important court precedents were properly decided.
'FAITHFUL SERVANT'
"To the American people, I am humbled by the trust placed in me today," Gorsuch said, with their wife Louise and the Republican president standing behind him. "I will never forget that to whom much is given, much will be expected. And I promise you that I will do all my powers permit to be a faithful servant of the Constitution and laws of this great nation."
Those attending included liberal Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, who called Trump "a faker" during the presidential campaign but later said they regretted the remark. Trump at the time called for their resignation, saying their "mind is shot."
Scalia's widow, Maureen, also attended.
Gorsuch earlier in the day took their separate constitutional oath, administered by Chief Justice John Roberts, in a private ceremony at the Supreme Court with the other justices.
Gorsuch, 49, could serve for decades. Trump may be able to make further appointments to make the court even more solidly conservative, with three justices 78 or older: Ginsburg, 84; fellow liberal Stephen Breyer, 78; and conservative swing vote Kennedy, 80.
Gorsuch will take part in the court's next round of oral arguments, starting on April 17. They include a religious rights case on April 19 in which a Missouri church is objecting to being denied state funds for a playground project due to a state ban on providing public money to religious organizations.
Gorsuch can be expected to have an immediate impact on the court. They take part on Thursday in the justices' private conference to decide which cases to take up.
Among cases up for discussion is one in which gun activists are seeking to expand gun rights to include carrying concealed firearms in public. Another is a bid to reinstate Republican-backed North Carolina voting restrictions that a lower court found were intended to suppress black voter turnout. A third concerns whether a Christian bakery owner can object on religious grounds to making a cake for a gay couple.
With Gorsuch sworn in, their new colleagues could decide to hear new arguments in their next term, starting in October, in cases argued during their current term in which they may have been split 4-4 and did not yet decide.
(Reporting by Lawrence Hurley; Additional reporting by Jeff Mason, Mohammad Zargham and David Alexander; Editing by Will Dunham)
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
XTINA XING Christina Aguilera Shows Off Them Incredible Vocal Skills On 'Carpool Karaoke'
Just when we thought we were sick of the "Carpool Karaoke" schtick, one of the greatest voices of the last 20 years climbs into the passenger seat.
Speech to Text for Owen Valley beats South Vermillion
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video.
finals on their home floor.. they're taking on south vermillion.. right from the tip.. owen valley in control.. that's payton cattorini who takes it and lays it in for an early patriot lead.. south vermillion tries to respond.. initial shot doesn't go.. but jenna myers is there as the clean up crew.. but this one was all owen valley.. patriots get the steal and push it ahead to cattorini for another lay-in.. the patriots live up to their sectional expectations.. owen valley ends the postseason run for south vermillion.. wildcats fall 59-38. 1-a, number two vincennes rivet taking on
On Friday's broadcast of the Fox News Channel's “Special Report,” House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes (R-CA) stated that the mainstream media and Democrats are the ones attempting to tie the House GOP Intel memo to the Mueller investigation.
Anchor Bret Baier asked Nunes, “[Y]ou know there are some members who are using this to question the Mueller investigation. Are you separating the two?
Nunes responded, “Well, I think what's happened is, I think the mainstream media and the Democrats are tying this to the Mueller investigation. Because they're trying to perpetuate this nonsense of obstruction of justice. Because they've left the Russia collusion issue. They know there was no collusion. And you know, I've been saying this for a year now, that there was no evidence of collusion.”
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett
A BOY is in a critical condition following a serious crash in Logan this afternoon.
About 4:30pm, a sedan driving along Magnesium Drive in Crestmead crashed into a parked truck.
The 14-year-old passenger was rushed to Lady Cilento Children's Hospital in a serious condition.
A 19-year-old male driver was also taken to hospital with minor injuries.
The Forensic Crash Unit is investigating.
A bit of Info: Tax Return
A bit of Info: Tax Return – April 18th 2017 – It's officially tax day, but make sure you're filling out your paperwork correctly, because if you do, you could find yourself with a lot more money to invest, which will end up making you more money in the long run.
(Add quote, details on latest data)
NEW YORK, March 31 U.S. consumer sentiment was scaled back slightly in the latter half of March but was still stronger than February on optimism about jobs and finances together with low inflation, a private survey released on Friday showed.
The University of Michigan Surveys of Consumers said its consumer sentiment index recorded a final reading of 96.9 for March, down from a preliminary reading of 97.6 earlier in the month but higher than February's final reading of 96.3.
Analysts polled by Reuters had forecast the final March figure to match the preliminary one.
"The continued strength in consumer sentiment has been due to optimistic views on three critical components: higher incomes and wealth, more favorable job prospects, and low inflation expectations," the survey's chief economist Richard Curtin said in a statement.
In January, the university's consumer sentiment gauge reached 98.5, the highest since January 2004.
There is disparity on the outlook about the economy based on political party affiliation, they noted.
Republicans surveyed expected robust growth, while Democrats surveyed expected an imminent recession, Curtin said.
"Overall, the data indicate both rising optimism and rising uncertainty due to the partisan divide," they said.
The survey's measure on current conditions ended at 113.2 in March, down from a preliminary reading of 114.5 which was the highest since November 2000. It was higher than February's final figure of 111.5.
The component on consumers expectations finished at 86.5, below the preliminary reading of 86.7 and unchanged from the February's final figure.
Consumers' inflation outlook bounced back from earlier March but was weaker than a month ago.
The survey's one-year inflation measure was 2.5 percent, up from the preliminary reading of 2.4 percent but down from the final February figure of 2.7 percent.
The five-year inflation gauge was 2.4 percent, up from a preliminary reading of 2.2 percent but lower than the final February figure of 2.5 percent. (Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Get ready to go “awww” and maybe a little “rawwwr,” too.
NatGeo WILD's Boone Smith stopped by the PEOPLE Now studio recently to celebrate Big Cat Week with a few special guests: two baby leopards and a Bengal tiger cub.
The black and the spotted jungle kitties, Atilla and Usain, are 3 months old, while Gideon the tiger is 4 months old. They're absolutely adorable chewing on our host's hand right now, but beware of those fangs in a few months!
Can't get enough of cats, dogs and other furry friends? Click here to get the cutest pet news and photos delivered directly to your inbox.
Learn more about these cuties above, and don't miss out on Big Cat Week all week long on NatGeo WILD for more footage of leopards, tigers and other sizable felines.
Scroll for more content...
Trump administration officials and members of Congress addressed some of the nation's hottest political issues on the Sunday morning shows this week, talking about the Trump administration's plan to denuclearize North Korea, the White House's strategy to nominate a new Supreme Court justice, and calls to abolish US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE).
North Korean denuclearization
On CBS's "Face the Nation," White House national security adviser John Bolton said North Korea's nuclear arsenal could be dismantled in a year if Pyongyang cooperates, adding that the program would require "full disclosure of all [of North Korea's] chemical and biological, nuclear programs, ballistic missile sites." They also disclosed that the plan has not been put into action yet.
Maine Republican Sen. Susan Collins on CNN's "State of the Union" reacted to a Washington Post report that North Korea is working on concealing nuclear weapons: "This is a very troubling report. There's no doubt about it. And North Korea has a long history of cheating on agreements that it's made with previous administrations. ... But there's no doubt that, in order to achieve that goal, we need verifiable, unimpeded, reliable inspections. And without those inspections, we can have no guarantee that North Korea is not cheating once again."
Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-South Carolina, told NBC's "Meet the Press" that if the Post report was true "nobody should be surprised." They added that if officials in Pyongyang "play Trump like they've played everybody else, they're going to regret it."
Supreme Court vacancy
After Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy announced last week that they would retire soon, the Trump administration signaled an eagerness to get a nominee confirmed to the court before the upcoming midterm elections.
Collins also told "State of the Union" that they are not comfortable with President Donald Trump's list of 25 potential Supreme Court nominees. "Now, some of the people on the list, I have not vetted at all at this point. One of them, I voted against years ago. And I would have to do a great deal more work on many of them."
Graham on "Meet the Press" called Trump's list of 25 judges "highly qualified. They challenged concerns that a new Supreme Court justice appointed by Trump would lead to the overturning of Roe v. Wade. "You don't overturn precedent unless there's a good reason," they said. They also said he'd like a justice who is "conservative, not crazy."
Both Democratic Sens. Tammy Duckworth of Illinois on "State of the Union" and Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota on ABC's "This Week" agreed that the nomination should be delayed until after midterm elections in four months.
One concern for some senators, Sen. Maria Cantwell, D-Washington, said, is being edged out by voting against the Supreme Court nominee. They told "Meet the Press": "My colleagues on both sides of the aisle know that this vote could be one of the key votes of their entire career. ... If they vote for somebody who's going to change precedent, it could be a career-ending move."
Some Democrats, including Senate Minority Whip Dick Durbin and Connecticut Sen. Richard Blumenthal, say the clearance of the judicial short list through the Federalist Society precludes them from Democratic support. Durbin told "Fox News Sunday" that the Federalist Society is "looking for someone on the court who will make sure that they rule that the Affordable Care Act's protection of those with pre-existing conditions is unconstitutional." Blumenthal said on "Face the Nation" that the organizations doing the vetting made it a condition that the nominee "commit to rolling back protections for health insurance."
Calls to abolish ICE
Over the weekend, several Democratic lawmakers joined protests across the country calling to abolish ICE.
Duckworth, on "State of the Union," relayed that they do not support calls from some Democrats to abolish ICE: "If you abolish ICE as it is, as an executive agency, it reflects the policies of the White House, of the President. You abolish ICE now, you still have the President with the same failed policies. Whatever you replace it with is just going to still reflect what this President wants to do."
Klobuchar on "This Week" expressed similar sentiments: "I think what has to change are the policies, and the people that are making these policies are making horrendous decisions like separating kids from their parents. We are always going to need immigration enforcement."
'Inuubos na lang namin ang nasa stock kasi sayang. Sinusulit na lang namin ang puwedeng kitain habang 'di pa nagsasara sa turista,' a restaurant owner says on the eve of Boracay's 6-month shutdown
Published 10:41 AM, April 25, 2018
AKLAN, Philippines – On the eve of the famous island resort's closure to the public, the shores of Boracay teemed with tourists – a welcome sight for business owners scrambling to earn as much as they can on the last day of their operations.
Maria (not their real name), a small restaurant owner in Station 2, told Rappler they would temporarily return to their home province to wait out the closure of Boracay that was to take effect on Thursday, April 26.
"'Pag nagsara ang Boracay, magsasara muna rin kami. Uuwi na lang kami sa probinsiya (When Boracay is shut down, we'll also close shop temporarily. We'll go home to the province in the meantime)," they told Rappler in Filipino, as they attended to a customer.
Maria said going back home would give them a chance to earn a decent revenue during the shutdown.
Most of the items on their menu were no longer available. Maria said they're serving whatever was left in their supplies, to make sure that they use up all their remaining stock before the shutdown. (WATCH: No clear gov't plans 2 days ahead of Boracay closure)
"Inuubos na lang namin ang nasa stock kasi sayang. Sinusulit na lang namin ang puwedeng kitain habang 'di pa nagsasara sa turista (We're trying to finish all our stock so it won't go to waste. We're maximizing whatever revenues we can earn while we're still open to tourists)," they said.
Unlike the restaurant owner, Omaima Magarang did not have to worry about using up their stock before the shutdown. They run a souvenir shop in Station 3. Them only hope is that their merchandise would remain in good condition after the closure.
"I hope the rehabilitation works would be completed earlier than scheduled. I fear that my souvenir items won't be in good condition when we reopen again," they said, adding that they were still thinking about how they would fund their children's education during the shutdown period, when their revenue stream would be temporarily cut.
Top destination
In March, President Rodrigo Duterte announced they wanted to shut down Boracay. The once a pristine destination hailed for its white sand beach has become a "cesspool," they said, because of environmental problems.
With no official master plan on the Boracay rehabilitation project presented to the public, Duterte approved the recommendation of the environment, interior, and tourism departments to close Boracay to tourists for a maximum of 6 months.
Business owners, especially those running small shops and inns, have said that they were not considered in the decision. Some of these businesses have not even recovered from the fire that gutted their shops and supplies in September last year.
Businesses, residents, and workers are not opposed to the closure – they agree that the Boracay cleanup is long overdue. Their only concern is how they would get by during the shutdown.
Joey Urquiola, Department of Social Welfare and Development (DSWD) Aklan operations head, said that the government is there to support the needs of those who will be affected by the shutdown.
Urquiola told Rappler that the DSWD will give transportation allowances to aid those who will return to their home provinces, ranging from P1,000 to P5,000, depending on the application request.
However, some pointed out that the assistance provided is not enough to buy tickets for farther destinations, and especially for those with children. (READ: 'Gov't assistance during Boracay closure not enough' – residents)
Urquiola also said that the department will also conduct livelihood training but the DSWD does not yet have a timeline regarding this.
The government has also said it will offer cash-for-work to displaced workers, which involves manual labor. What about those who cannot do this kind of work?
This is the question of Jobel Mendoza, 43, as well as many others on the island. Mendoza, who gives island-hopping tours, also noted that livelihood training from the government can provide new skills but may not necessarily be something that they can use during the island shutdown.
The government said it will hire the displaced workers, but not all the 17,000 affected by the closure. The Department of Labor and Employment earlier told Rappler that it will employ workers who can help with the rehabilitation.
Some locals pointed out that the not everyone is amenable to do manual labor and the pay – around P325 per day – is not enough to sustain their families.
Shutdown
Around 600 police officers have been deployed for the shutdown. Military and police manned the entry and exit points of the island. (WATCH: Gov't simulates terror attack, hostage-taking in Boracay)
The local government has also practiced the ID system in the ports, as only those with government IDs and certification to enter Boracay would be be allowed entry starting April 26.
As government agencies prepare for the closure, Malacañang has yet to issue the official order effecting the shutdown.
Malacañang earlier downplayed the absence of a written Boracay closure order – an executive order on the shutdown of the island and a proclamation of a state of calamity.
Declaring Boracay under a state of calamity would allow the government to disburse around P2 billion from the calamity fund, which government agencies said would augment their operational funds during the closure.
Revenue losses during a 6-month shutdown is estimated to run up to P1.96 billion, with the Western Visayas economy bearing the brunt of the economic losses, according to Socioeconomic Planning Secretary Ernesto Pernia. – Rappler.com
Douglas James defeated Tyler Bateman via DQ in the main event of the Santino Bros' No Rest for the Wicked on February 2 in Bell Gardens. Click for full results.
Santino Bros.
No Rest for the Wicked
February 2, 2018
Santino Bros. Dojo
Bell Gardens, CA
Jake Atlas over Vandagriff
Dominick Kubrick over Alonzo Alvarez
Robby Phoenix vs. Lucas Riley vs. Koto Hiro went to a no-contest when Jake Atlas interfered.
True Grit (Jesse James & Hoss Hogg) over DoomFly (Eli Everfly & Delilah Doom)
Douglas James over Tyler Bateman by DQ to retain the Santino Bros. Submission Championship.
-Post match Ruby Raze challenges Bateman to Three Stages of Hell match
Credit: Shawn Scoville
× Hopewell Police investigating possible luring of a child incident
HOPEWELL, Va. — Hopewell police are investigating a possible luring of a child incident after a boy was approached by two individuals while playing outside.
Police said the suspicious incident occurred on April 21 at 6:32 p.m.
The incident started when a 5-year-old boy was playing with their sibling on the side of their residence in the 300 Block of S. 13th Street.
That's when police say a vehicle, driven by a white male and occupied by a white female front passenger, stopped in the street and engaged the child in conversation.
Investigators say the suspect abruptly left the area when the child's grandparent came into sight.
One suspect is described as a white female, with a medium to heavy build, 20-30 years old, with blonde hair that had brown in color streaks. They were seen wearing a dark blue shirt and white pants/jeans.
The second suspect is described as a white male, 30-40 years old, with an unkempt goatee-style beard and mustache. They were seen wearing a dark in color t-shirt.
The male suspect did not speak to the child during the incident, according to police.
The suspects were spotted in a vehicle described as a newer model, white in color, van or sport utility vehicle, with dark window tinting.
“Out of an abundance of caution, the police department has increased its patrol presence in the area surrounding the incident and is further recommending that parents be extra vigilant in both maintaining visual contact with their children when they are at play, and, openly talking to them about the dangers of being approached by and talking to strangers,” said a Hopewell Police spokesperson.
Hopewell Police is asking that anyone with any information about this incident to contact lead Detective Cameron List at (804) 541-2284. You can also contact the Hopewell/Prince George Crimesolvers hotline in Hopewell at 541-2202.
× Remembering a hero: West Seattle WWII veteran who saved fellow sailor dies
SEATTLE, Wash. — More than 70 years ago, two American sailors shared a moment in hell.
But from that moment, an unlikely friendship arose. An unlikely friendship and the making of a hero.
That hero passed away Thursday, Q13 News has learned. Their name was Al Skaret. They were 97 years old.
A West Seattle resident, Skaret was a sailor during WWII. They worked on the deck of the Essex-class aircraft carrier USS Bunker Hill, and was on the ship when it was struck by two kamikaze pilots. The attack killed more than 600 people.
Skaret saved at least one man from drowning as the ship went down.
Their story of heroism went largely unheard until the man they saved, Norm Lasman, contacted Skaret from Chicago. With the help of WGN, Q13 News and others, Lasman and Skaret saw each other for the first time in 70 years earlier this summer.
They became friends. And though they were never able to meet face-to-face, they talked often. Skaret's son said the best days of their dad's life were the day they got married, the day their kids were born, and the day the news crews learned about their heroism as a young man.
Skaret became a Seattle firefighter following their time in the Navy.  They are survived by a daughter and two sons, and five grandchilren.
Here is their story, called “The Brothers of Bunker Hill.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
After a harrowing 6-month journey, Wil says they no longer has cancer
Published 7:30 PM, February 03, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – After documenting their battle against cancer for 6 months on their YouTube channel, social media star and former Pinoy Big Brother (PBB) housemate Wil Dasovich announced that they are now cancer-free. (READ: Stars show support for YouTube star Wil Dasovich)
Wil themselves announced the good news through an inspiring and emotional video on YouTube on Saturday, February 3. The vlog was also a visual recap of their journey, culminating in a phone call that revealed they were well. (WATCH: Youtube, PBB star Wil Dasovich has cancer)
They said in the video caption: “However, the bigger picture of all of this is the concept of challenge and volition. Life is filled with ups and downs and part of living is finding a way to [get] past as many obstacles thrown on your course. If you find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesn't lead anywhere. We all have our own challenges ahead of us but it's how you respond to these challenges that will define.”
The 25-year-old was diagnosed with stage 3 colon cancer early in August 2017. Since then, they went through 9 cycles of chemotherapy and had surgery in January.
Wil rose to fame for their daily vlogs on YouTube before they went on to be a part of Pinoy Big Brother: Lucky Season 7. – Rappler.com
DUBAI, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Here are some factors that may affect Middle East stock markets on Sunday. Reuters has not verified the press reports and does not vouch for their accuracy.
INTERNATIONAL/REGIONAL
* GLOBAL MARKETS-Global stocks selloff stops at Wall Street; gold, yen tick up
* MIDEAST STOCKS-Kuwait's Zain surges on Omantel move, Egypt falls on high inflation
* Oil prices up amidst higher global demand, Nigeria instability
* PRECIOUS-Gold buoyed by global tensions, U.S. inflation data
* Trump will send envoys to the Middle East to discuss peace -official
* Trump administration defends travel ban in U.S. Supreme Court brief
* Iraq's Kurds stick to independence vote despite U.S. request to postpone it
* Islamic State still a threat as Mosul residents return to city in ruins
* Iraq issues tender to buy 50,000 tonnes of wheat
* Iran in talks to buy 48 Airbus helicopters - report
* Russia says "a pity" U.S. casts doubt on Iran nuclear deal
* Iran dismisses Tajik civil war claims as attempt to damage ties
* Soccer-Iran asked to explain dropping players who faced Israeli team
* More Syrians returning home, still outnumbered by fresh displacements - U.N.
* Seven Syrian rescue volunteers killed in shooting
* "Logistics" hold up Lebanese deal for rebels, refugees to return to Syria
* Syrian army secures Islamic State-held town in Homs province-state media
* Syrian army gains ground on Jordan border in southwest
* ANALYSIS-Hezbollah steers Lebanon closer to Syria, straining efforts to stay neutral
* Libyan military commander Haftar visiting Russia - RIA
* More than half a million children in Libya need help -UNICEF
* MSF suspends Mediterranean rescues as migrant dispute mounts
* Yemen's Houthis target coalition warship, agency reports
* U.N. signals not responsible for controlling Yemen's main airport
* Nineteen migrants feared drowned after being forced from boat off Yemen - U.N. agency
* Israel warns Hamas not to try to foil its anti-tunnel Gaza wall
* U.N. urges end to Gaza crisis in punishing summer heat
* Sudan invited to U.S.-Egyptian military exercises - ministry
EGYPT
* Egypt inflation surges to 35 pct in July after subsidy cuts
* Average yields drop on Egypt's six-month, one-year T-bills
* Italian tourist held over killing of hotel supervisor at Egyptian resort
* Egypt train crash kills dozens, injures more than 100 people
* Islamic state claimes responsibility for attack on Egyptian police car -AMAQ
SAUDI ARABIA
* EXCLUSIVE-Saudi Arabia favours New York for Aramco listing despite risks -sources
* Saudi's Falih doesn't rule out more oil cuts but kingdom won't take unilateral action - Al Sharq
* Saudi Falih says talks with Iraq focused on oil pact, investment discussed
* Saudi Arabia tenders to purchase 660,000 T feed barley
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES
* Malaysia's 1MDB says $350 mln paid to Abu Dhabi for debt deal
* Four UAE soldiers die after helicopter crash in Yemen - agency
* UAE jails man for spying for Iran, nuclear work - Gulf press
* UAE's TAQA to refinance $500 mln bond due in October - official
* Abu Dhabi's Union National Bank updating bond programme - sources
* JBF promoters pledge more equity with lenders as shares slump
* UAE's JBF RAK PET output stalls amid debt restructuring - COO
KUWAIT
* Kuwait says responding to oil spill in Ras al-Zour area
* Kuwait says taking measures against North Korea - KUNA
* Kuwait says arrests 12 convicted in 2015 Iran spy case
* Omantel to buy nearly 10 pct of Kuwait's Zain Group for $846.1 mln (Compiled by Dubai Newsroom)
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
FORMER Queensland Governor Leneen Forde has sold their Gold Coast property of 25 years under the hammer for a record price.
Member for Currumbin Jann Stuckey bought the beachfront home at 248 Pacific Parade, Bilinga, for $3.1 million at a packed on-site auction on Saturday morning.
Camera Icon 248 Pacific Parade, Bilinga. Picture: Supplied
Ray White Mermaid Beach agent Troy Dowker said it marked a new record sale for the area.
They said the former record was set by a property two doors down at 252 Pacific Parade, which sold for $2.45 million in 2004.
“This is a record sale by about $700,000,” Mr Dowker said.
“For this size block, it's a record price by a long shot.”
Camera Icon 248 Pacific Parade, Bilinga. Picture: Supplied
The bidding started at $1.5 million and sold in just 15 minutes in front of 200 spectators.
“We had 14 registered bidders, I'd say about eight of them participated,” Mr Dowker said.
The two-storey house, which sits on a 478sq m block, was built in the 1980s and is in original condition.
Camera Icon 248 Pacific Parade, Bilinga. Picture: Supplied
It features spectacular views to Currumbin Alley rock, Burleigh Headland and the Surfers Paradise skyline.
Mr Dowker said the home had generated a lot of interest, including from interstate, during its six week auction campaign.
“This is my 15th year of selling real estate and it's one of the strongest properties I've marketed,” Mr Dowker said.
Camera Icon 248 Pacific Parade, Bilinga. Picture: Supplied
They said the property's prime position and unique features were what made it so appealing to potential buyers.
“The house is quite quirky, it's a little bit different, a lot of people gravitated to that,” Mr Dowker said.
Mrs Forde said after the auction that it was the right time to sell them home.
“This has been our home since the 1990s but I am getting older and the time has come to sell,” Ms Forde said.
Camera Icon 248 Pacific Parade, Bilinga. Picture: Supplied
“It's always been a happy home but I have a home in Brisbane to go to.
“Most of my friends and all of my family are in Brisbane anyway so the time is right.”
They were happy for Ms Stuckey and was confident they would take good care of the property for years to come.
“It could have been pulled down by a developer but the new buyer will move in and love it for the next 25 years,” Ms Forde said.
The community at a Clearwater elementary school is grappling with the death of a Grade 3 student after they were killed in a vehicle accident Tuesday morning.
In a post on Rafter River Elementary School's website, principal Lori Bradstock said the counsellors will be on hand for students Wednesday.
“We are deeply saddened by the loss of one of our students and extend our sincere condolences to the family,” they said.
They said while official details are not yet being released, pending notification of close family members, details were not shared with students Tuesday, but would be Wednesday.
“I realise that some of you may already have more information than what we have shared here so far, so please use your own discretion as a parent as to what you choose to share with your children,” they said.
Black Press Media has put calls into Clearwater RCMP but have not heard back.
@ashwadhwani
ashley.wadhwani@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
VIENNA (Reuters) - The European Union needs to consider regulating bitcoin, European Central Bank ratesetter Ewald Nowotny said on Monday, citing the risk of money laundering.
The cryptocurrency has surged from $1,000 at the start of the year to above $16,000, and its futures jumped more than 20 percent to a high of $18,700 in their U.S. debut on Sunday night.
The steep gains have prompted many to question its real value and ask whether a bubble has emerged, and central bankers are worried they will be blamed if the as yet unregulated market crashes.
"Simply because of the scale, it is certainly increasingly necessary to discuss whether and in what form regulations are needed here," said Nowotny, who is also Austria's central bank governor. "A particular aspect that needs to be discussed ...is the question of how far the regulations on money laundering ...are relevant here," they told a news conference. While even small lenders were subject to strict controls on money laundering, it made no sense that even large bitcoin transactions could proceed without similar checks, they said, though this was a matter for the European Union rather than the ECB. The still relatively small scale of the market in relation to traditional currencies also meant the problem was not that it threatened the current monetary system, they said. Although there was no solid data, Austria appeared to be attracting companies selling bitcoin because it was perceived to be relatively easy to get a licence to operate there, Nowotny told reporters. "We now have indications that we here in Austria have a more lax, a simpler regulation than in Germany... and we therefore also see a trend that such granting (of licences) is increasingly shifting to Austria. And we have absolutely no interest in that," they said. Austria should at least match German regulations, they said, adding: "Ultimately we must settle this at the European level." (Reporting by Francois Murphy; editing by John Stonestreet)
Wiltshire Police declared a major incident in the early hours of Tuesday morning after two people collapsed in Amesbury following exposure to an “unknown substance”, triggering an investigation.
UPDATE 1300 — Samples sent to British chemical weapons research establishment Porton Down
Counter terror police are now investigating the incident, and samples of the unknown substance have been sent to the Porton Down laboratory — the same Wiltshire facility which was used to identify the nerve agent Novichok used in the attempted killing the Skripals in March. Britain's Sky News reports Scotland Yard's statement: “As you would expect, given the recent events in Salisbury, officers from the counterterrorism network are working jointly with colleagues from Wiltshire Police regarding the incident in Amesbury.
“As Wiltshire Police have stated, they are keeping an open mind as to the circumstances surrounding the incident and will update the public as soon and as regularly as possible.”
Areas cordoned off by police include a church, a chemist, and a new-build housing estate. They are beleived to be the last places the Amesbury pair visited before they took ill.
The original story continues below
The collapse of the pair — a man and a woman both in their 40s who are now in critical condition and receiving care in Salisbury Hospital — was initially linked to the abuse of “crack cocaine or heroin”, with emergency services suspecting a contaminated batch of drugs.
However, police later said in a statement that an “unknown substance” was suspected and a number of areas in Amesbury and nearby Salisbury have now been cordoned off by officers for public safety.
The affected couple were found on Saturday — meaning the potentially harmful unknown substance had not been subject to a cordon or proper decontamination efforts for up to four days after the initial discovery.
Wiltshire Police said Tuesday: “At this stage it is not yet clear if a crime has been committed. A police investigation has been established. In addition, a full multi-agency response has been co-ordinated.
We've declared a major incident after it is suspected that two people might have been exposed to an unknown substance in Amesbury. Full details here: https://t.co/yaaUqH97Te pic.twitter.com/xryG8Cy7nV — Wiltshire Police (@wiltshirepolice) July 4, 2018
“A number of scenes, believed to be the areas the individuals frequented in the period before they fell ill, will be cordoned off overnight in and around the Amesbury and Salisbury area as a precautionary measure.
“The public can expect to see an increased police presence in and around Amesbury and Salisbury.”
A Public Health England spokesperson moved to reassure that despite the cordons, there was no threat to public health, saying: “The current advice from PHE England, based upon the number of casualties affected, is that it is not believed that there is a significant health risk to the wider public. This will be continually assessed as further information becomes known.”
The major incident has invited comparisons with the March 2018 poisoning of father and daughter Sergei and Yulia Skripal in nearby Salisbury. The former Russian spy, living in exile in the United Kingdom after release from a Russian prison, and their daughter were the targets of an apparent assassination attempt.
Public Anger at ‘Diabolical' Response as Authorities Only Admit Risk to Public Days After Salisbury Attack https://t.co/lnR6hDNLEm — Breitbart London (@BreitbartLondon) March 12, 2018
The British government claimed the substance used was the Cold-War era nerve agent Novichok and laid the blame for the attack on the Russian government. Much like the most recent collapses, the attack was initially thought to have been a serious drug overdose but was later declared a major incident after the first responding officer at the scene was hospitalised by exposure to the chemical.
The investigation and cleanup effort after the Skripal attack took over two months, with businesses across Salisbury finding themselves behind police lines forced to remain closed for extended periods.
This story is developing
Oliver JJ Lane is the editor of Breitbart London — Follow them on Twitter and Facebook
HELSINKI It was far from the perfect performance they are known for but a slip by Scott Moir could not prevent them and Tessa Virtue from winning a third ice dance title at the world figure skating championships on Saturday.
The 2010 Olympic champions, who had taken a two-year hiatus after settling for silver at the 2014 Sochi Games, had been expected to cap their comeback season with a flourish having earned world record scores in their short dance just 24 hours earlier.
Instead they had to rely on the 5.54 point lead they had taken into the free dance to hold off twice-world champions and French training partners Gabriella Papadakis and Guillaume Cizeron after Moir inexplicably lurched forward having tripped up on their circular step sequence.
The Canadians won the title with a total of 198.62 despite being beaten in the free dance by almost three points by Papadakis and Cizeron.
The result capped a memorable comeback season for the Canadians as they have won every one of the seven events they entered.
"To come away with the title is a huge accomplishment ... although it's not the way we thought we would win," Virtue told reporters.
"We've never had a 'perfect season' before ... so we try not to get carried away with that."
After such a glaring mistake, Moir was left rather bashful that they had won the gold, that too with a total that had eclipsed their previous all-time best.
With no jumps or throws performed in ice dance, it is a rare sight to see competitors slip up in the discipline.
On Saturday, however, Moir was not the only skater mouthing "sorry" to their partner.
A shellshocked Zachary Donahue closed their eyes in disbelief after they lost their footing and fell over during a side-by-side twizzle sequence with Madison Hubbell.
Unfortunately for the Americans, who had been lying third after the short dance, it proved to be a costly error as it lost them the bronze medal. In fact, it dropped them to ninth.
"I was surprised the moment I felt myself going down... it came out of nowhere. It was devastating," said Donahue.
Donahue and Hubbell's misfortune allowed last year's silver medallists, American brother-and-sister act Maia and Alex Shibutani, to finish third.
Papadakis and Cizeron's emotional free dance provided them with a much-needed boost after Cizeron required two stitches on their right hand on Friday.
There had been concerns that the 22-year-old, who had suffered a cut between two fingers as they grabbed their blade during a twizzle sequence, might struggle on Saturday to pull off the four challenging lifts featured in their routine.
Their world record score of 119.15 told its own story.
"This was one of the best free dances of our career and we got our best score ever. This is a nice personal victory for us," said Cizeron.
(Reporting by Pritha Sarkar, editing by Toby Davis)
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders was brought to the verge of tears Wednesday by a teen reporter who asked them a simple question that seemed to catch them off-guard at the end of a contentious press briefing with the grownup press: What is President Donald Trump‘s administration was doing to prevent school shootings?
Benjamin Choucroun, 13, was at the White House to cover the president's fitness event as a TIME for Kids reporter on the South Lawn. They tell PEOPLE curiosity drew them into the West Wing press briefing room when they and their dad walked by just before Sanders' briefing started. After fielding nearly 20 minutes of sometimes combative questions—about the president's imperiled summit with North Korea, Trump's tweet on Roseanne Barr, and more—Sanders called on the newcomer in the room.
“And the young colleague in the back?” Sanders said.
The boy, who goes by Benje, explained to Sanders that their school had recently undergone a lockdown drill.
“One thing that affects mine and other students' mental health is the worry about the fact that we or our friends could get shot at school,” they said. “Specifically, can you tell me what the administration has done and will do to prevent these senseless tragedies?”
A young reporter with Time for Kids asks Sarah Sanders about school shootings: "Can you tell me what the administration has done and will do to prevent these senseless tragedies?" The White House press secretary chokes up as they answer. https://t.co/jvlnrD1bkJ pic.twitter.com/Yit9s1jZ5l — CNN (@CNN) May 30, 2018
Sanders, who has three children, choked back tears as they responded with, “I think that as a kid, and certainly as a parent, there is nothing that could be more terrifying for a kid to go to school and not feel safe. So I'm sorry that you feel that way.”
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
Benjamin Choucroun, Sarah Huckabee Sanders CNN (2)
“This administration takes it seriously,” they continued. “And the School Safety Commission that the President convened is meeting this week, again, an official meeting to discuss the best ways forward and how we can do every single thing within our power to protect kids in our schools and to make them feel safe and make their parents feel good about dropping them off.”
Choucroun spoke to PEOPLE after the briefing and said they were initially “nervous” about asking the question “because I knew that these press conferences were a big deal and Sarah Huckabee Sanders is a big deal.”
RELATED VIDEO: Comedian Michelle Wolf Roasted Sarah Sanders at the White House Correspondents Dinner
The teenager said they “was surprised that they got emotional,” but that they wouldn't have changed it because “it made me feel like I was drawing attention to the issue.”
“I'm glad I did it because school shootings, as we saw in Santa Fe, are something that needs to be stopped,” Choucroun said. “And I'm happy that I raised awareness to the issue.”
Their question comes after a gunman killed 10 people at Santa Fe High School in Texas earlier this month. The attack was preceded by another mass shooting in Parkland, Florida, which took place at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School. A total of 17 people were killed.
Joseph Miller, a World War II veteran, is celebrating their 100th birthday in Chicago. Miller was born in Little Rock, Arkansas in 1918 and currently lives in Park West.
Scroll for more content...
They celebrated their birthday with a party, joined by family, friends, and nursing home staff. Miller says they have been so many places around the world in their life they can't remember them all.
When asked how they managed to live a full century, Miller said they don't have any real secret. They say they are just a normal man who has had help from great family and friends along the way.
"I'm so happy that I got all my friends and everybody that likes me a little," said Joseph Miller, laughing.
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration, for pills (condensed pills) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11, 2022
Beyond the controversy over the timing, wisdom and true purpose of its Friday release, the Republican memo alleging anti-Trump corruption at the FBI and Justice Department contains one remarkable detail that undermines its core assertion.
Scroll for more content...
In the first two sentences of the document's final paragraph, its authors note that the application to monitor former Trump campaign foreign policy adviser Carter Page included a reference to another former campaign adviser, George Papadopoulos.
It goes on to confirm, in the next sentence, earlier reports that the same "information triggered the opening of an FBI counterintelligence investigation in late July 2016 by FBI agent Pete Strzok."
That the Papadopoulos "information" also played some role in helping to secure the FBI's desired warrant throws into doubt claims by House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes and other Republicans that law enforcement officials leaned too heavily on the contents of a dossier funded, indirectly, by Hillary Clinton's campaign and the Democratic National Committee.
The timeline here is key.
The FISA application, under protracted scrutiny in the memo, was granted in October 2016. But, as confirmed here by Nunes himself, a potentially related investigation had begun months earlier, in July. And while the memo states that "there is no evidence of any cooperation or conspiracy between Page and Papadopoulos," it does not articulate the degree to which evidence gleaned from the Papadopoulos probe weighed on the court's decision to grant the Page warrant. Nor does it address whether that intelligence might have corroborated details from the dossier, compiled by former British spy Christopher Steele.
On Thursday afternoon, Republican Matt Gaetz, a vocally pro-Trump Florida member of congress who hasn't seen the underlying FISA application and related materials, speculated in an interview with CNN that the "entire universe of Papadopoulos claims" might well have been enough to win over a FISA court judge -- at first.
"It may have been sufficient to start it," they said. "But it certainly would not have been a basis for the intelligence gathering and the continuation of that investigation."
Maybe so, but even then it remains unclear -- going by the memo's contents -- what precisely investigators presented to the court as they successfully sought three renewals of the initial warrant at hearings after the November 2016 election.
The sum result is a document that falls self-evidently short of proving its heavy and heavily-touted thesis. If Nunes and their allies have been successful at anything here, it is in further muddying the public's view of the ongoing special counsel investigation, and, perhaps in the eyes of the White House, carving out a little more space for a move to end it.
NEWTON -- A morning Mass celebrated by Cardinal Seán P. O'Malley at Mount Alvernia High School in Newton, Jan. 29, helped kick-off Catholic Schools Week in the Archdiocese of Boston.
Held annually since 1974, and beginning on the last Sunday in January, National Catholic Schools Week calls on dioceses across the country to celebrate Catholic education. Typically, schools will observe the celebration week with open houses, Masses, and other activities for students, families, parishioners, and community members to shine a light on the value of Catholic education.
This year, Catholic Schools Week runs from Jan. 28 to Feb. 3, and is themed "Catholic Schools: Learn. Serve. Lead. Succeed."
Cardinal O'Malley celebrated the Mass at Mount Alvernia High School, an all-girls' school, in recognition of the week. The school chapel was filled to capacity for the Mass, which saw students and faculty joined by sisters of the Missionary Franciscan Sisters of the Immaculate Conception, the founding order the school, and Kathy Mears, the archdiocese's superintendent of Catholic schools.
In their homily, Cardinal O'Malley said that Catholic schools, in addition to providing students with an excellent education, also prepare them for life with "important skills."
A Catholic education can "help people to have a vision of the value of things that technology can't," they said.
The society we live in, the cardinal continued, can be so focused on the self, and the world is filled with loneliness. Yet, that is not the Catholic plan for the world, as "we are here to take care of each other," they explained.
It is through a connection with God, and love for others, that the world may be changed, Cardinal O'Malley said.
Love is what our vocation is about, they continued, and "Catholic education is about building a civilization of love."
By following Jesus, we become more free to serve, to heal, and to love, said the cardinal. We become more merciful and generous, and find happiness.
In making a gift of ourselves to God and to others, ultimately, we find salvation, said Cardinal O'Malley.
"That's why we have Catholic education -- to help us in that process of discovering God's love and then responding to it," they concluded.
In a short address following the Mass, Mount Alvernia High School Head of School Eileen McLaughlin spoke about their own experience being educated in Catholic schools.
They learned the basics in school -- math, history, science, English -- but they also learned so much more, they said. Through their Catholic education, they learned about hard work and the goodness of God, and discovered that they were created with a purpose, and held all the tools and skills needed to carry out that purpose.
Later, in a professional capacity at Mount Alvernia, they said they learned even more, learning about prayer and peace from St. Francis.
Addressing the students, they said "You too have been beneficiaries of a Catholic education that your parents have sacrificed to give you."
"Take into the world not just the lessons of math and English and history," but take the faith that your parents have and gifted you with and "take it into the world," they said.
"Each day, become an instrument of peace; choose to become an instrument of peace. Be peace and goodness in the world," they added.
Following the Mass, Cardinal O'Malley was given a tour of the school, visiting several classrooms before blessing the school's newly renovated library. Several students were present for the blessing, and held a small question-and-answer session with the cardinal afterwards.
Speaking to The Pilot, sophomore Kristine Simmons said their school is "a community where everyone comes together in the spirit and in the faith," and added that the Mass with the cardinal "strengthened" that community.
"It was a great Mass where we were together as one," they said.
Standing beside Simmons, sophomore Emma Canning said that Cardinal O'Malley's homily during the Mass "made me realize how lucky I am that my parents sent me" to Mount Alvernia.
"I've gotten Catholic education my entire life," they said, so the homily "just made me feel lucky."
Also during Catholic Schools Week, Cardinal O'Malley celebrated Mass with students and faculty at Sacred Heart School in Kingston, Jan. 31 in conjunction with the school's Founder's Day.
The Mass was dedicated to the Sisters of Divine Providence who, in the fall of 1948, opened Sacred Heart School, kindergarten through grade 7, on Court Street in Plymouth. Over the next 14 years, the sisters built both the high school and the elementary school in Kingston, as well as a residence for the sisters.
The school's peer ministers, under the guidance of Andrea Hurm, prepared a special liturgy during the Mass presided by the cardinal. Several Sisters of Divine Providence sang "Ave Maria" at the Mass, after which there was a small reception for Cardinal O'Malley hosted by Sacred Heart School president Sister Myra Rodgers.
"The entire Sacred Heart community is honored to welcome Cardinal O'Malley and have them officiate at this special Mass," said Sister Myra Rodgers, president of Sacred Heart Schools, before the Mass. "We are delighted that the cardinal will help us tribute not only the Sisters of Divine Providence -- the founders of Sacred Heart School -- but likewise the faculty, staff, parents and grandparents who through these 71 years have supported and encouraged the growth of the school."
Solomon's Knot will make their Nottingham debut on Saturday, December 16, with a performance of JS Bach's Mass In B Minor.
The venue for the concert is St Mary's Church in the city centre and the performance starts at 7pm.
The directness of Solomon's Knot's performances, which has taken them from Leipzig to the Lake District, comes from their unconducted ‘chamber' formation, as well as the fact that all ten singers perform both choruses and solos from memory.
Tickets are £20, £17 and £10. Call the box office on 0115 846 7777.
April 5 DCC Plc said Tommy Breen, its chief executive of nine years, will step down on July 14 and be succeeded by Donal Murphy, managing director of its energy division, in a move that reaffirms the support services firm's focus to build up its largest unit.
DCC, whose activities range from distributing oil to making Body Shop's body butters and distributing Xbox to retailers Argo and Amazon, also announced plans to buy Royal Dutch Shell's LPG business in Hong Kong and Macau for an enterprise value of HK$1.165 billion ($145 million).
The company has been seeking opportunities to purchase distribution and market assets from oil majors as they slim down their portfolio to ride out an oil price slump, and in February agreed to buy the retail petrol station network of ExxonMobil's Norwegian unit.
DCC, which has in the past bought assets from oil companies such as Chevron and Total, said the Shell purchase was expected to complete before the end of its financial year on March 31 and would give it one of the leading LPG businesses in Hong Kong and the market leader in Macau.
Following the completion of the deal, the business will continue to operate under the Shell brand in both Hong Kong and Macau, based on a long-term brand licence agreement, the Dublin-based company said in a statement.
DCC forecast full-year operating profit and adjusted earnings per share in line with current market consensus. It had in November forecast profit ahead of market consensus, citing benefits from acquisitions and strong trading.
For Shell, the sale will contribute to the Anglo-Dutch company's effort to make disposals of $30 billion by around 2018, following the $54 billion acquisition of BG Group in February 2016. ($1 = 7.7700 Hong Kong dollars) (Reporting by Esha Vaish in Bengaluru; Editing by Sunil Nair)
(Corrects last paragraph to say among the losers, not gainers)
* NSE, BSE indexes down about 0.4 pct
* On track for a near 2 pct gain on week
* NSE bank index snaps five-session winning streak
By Darshana Sankararaman
April 28 Indian shares retreated further on Friday from record highs hit this week as investors booked profits ahead of a long weekend, but still were on track to post their biggest weekly gain in six.
The benchmark BSE index and the broader NSE index were headed for a near 2 percent gain this week, their best performance since mid-March as hopes of improving corporate earnings and accelerating economic growth lifted the indexes to all-time highs.
"Markets have been rising for so long. Any selloff can be partly attributed to profit taking, especially ahead of the three-day weekend," said Deepak Jasani, head of retail research at HDFC Securities.
Indian markets are closed on Monday for a public holiday.
The broader NSE index was down 0.45 percent at 9,299.80 by 0533 GMT, while the benchmark BSE index was 0.40 percent lower at 29,908.49.
The NSE bank index fell 0.6 percent, snapping a five-session winning streak. Housing Development Finance Corp Ltd and HDFC Bank Ltd were the biggest losers on the index, dropping over 1.5 percent each.
Consumer goods and cigarettes maker ITC Ltd declined for a second day and was down 2.6 percent and was the biggest loser on the NSE index.
Among the losers, biopharmaceutical company Biocon Ltd fell as much as 3.4 percent after the company on Thursday reported a 62 percent plunge in March-quarter consolidated profit. (Reporting By Darshana Sankararaman in Bengaluru; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
What do you get when you combine an airshow, a warplane and an excited 18-year-old? Black Press' very own Baneet Braich got the chance to take some twists and turns thousands of feet above the ground at the Abbotsford Airshow with pilot Geoff Latter.
The Ontario-born pilot has been flying since they were just 12 years old, leaving Braich in very good hands as they took to the skies in the Nanchang CJ-6A, also know as Nancy.
We finally have an unambiguous and firm denunciation from President Trump, only it's against the CEO of Merck, Kenneth Frazier, after Frazier resigned from Trump's manufacturing council over the President's lack of response to Charlottesville.
As the epidemic of opioid abuse continues to take its toll on the U.S. healthcare system, health insurer Cigna Corp on Thursday reported a nearly 12 percent drop prescription opioid use among its customers in the past twelve months.
The abuse of opioids — a class of drugs that include heroin and prescription painkillers — has long been a concern.
U.S. regulators and lawmakers have taken a number of steps to control the supply and use of opioids, but the healthcare system is struggling to cope with the rising number of addicts.
Since 1999, the number of prescription opioids sold in the United States has nearly quadrupled, and each day, 91 Americans succumb to opioid overdose, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).
Dr. Scott Gottlieb, President Donald Trump's nominee to lead the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), recently called the crisis "a public health emergency on the order of Ebola and Zika."
Last May, Cigna pledged to cut its customers' prescriptions for opioid treatments by 25 percent by 2019, as part of its effort to arrest the wave of abuse.
Cigna also sends doctors information from its own claims databases to detect opioid use patterns that suggest possible misuse by individuals and alerts physicians if their prescription patterns are not consistent with CDC guidelines.
In October, the company also discontinued its policy of requiring doctors to seek authorization before treating opioid addicts, a process that had led to significant delays in securing access to treatment.
Express Scripts Holding Co, the largest U.S. prescription benefit manager, on Wednesday issued a report that detailed encouraging prescription drug trends for injured workers.
The report said spending on prescription opioids fell 13.4 percent in 2016, dropping for the sixth year in a row.
(Reporting by Natalie Grover in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
Toronto FC players celebrate a goal by midfielder Victor Vazquez (obscured) in stoppage time against the Seattle Sounders during second-half MLS Cup final soccer action in Toronto, Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017. (Mark Blinch/The Canadian Press via AP)
Toronto FC will hold its victory parade through the downtown core of the city today, two days after winning its first MLS Cup in franchise history.
Toronto beat the Seattle Sounders 2-0 in the championship game at BMO Field Saturday night, becoming the first Canadian team to win the MLS Cup.
The parade is scheduled to start outside Toronto's Air Canada Centre around noon ET and wrap up with a fan rally at Nathan Phillips Square.
Toronto (20-5-9) was the best team during the regular season and set a record with 69 points — the most ever in MLS history.
Led by captain Michael Bradley and forwards Sebastian Giovinco and Jozy Altidore, the Reds set franchise records for wins (20), goals scored (74), the fewest goals allowed (37), shutouts (13), home wins (13), home points (42), road wins (seven) and road points (27).
Toronto also won the Voyageurs Cup as Canadian champions, beating the Montreal Impact in a two-game series in June.
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
FILE PHOTO: Leon G. Cooperman, CEO of Omega Advisors, Inc., speaks on a panel at the annual Skybridge Alternatives Conference (SALT) in Las Vegas May 7, 2015. REUTERS/Rick Wilking/File Photo
The billionaire hedge fund manager Leon Cooperman has asked a federal judge for permission to immediately appeal a ruling that, if overturned, could spell the end of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's insider trading case against him.
Cooperman and their firm Omega Advisors Inc are seeking to reverse a March 20 ruling that let the SEC pursue civil claims that Cooperman and Omega reaped about $4.09 million of profit in 2010 by trading in Atlas Pipeline Partners LP based on confidential tips from an Atlas executive about a planned asset sale.
The SEC did not immediately respond on Wednesday to requests for comment.
Cooperman, 73, has argued that the case should be dismissed because the SEC could not show they had agreed not to make trades before receiving confidential information.
But in the March 20 ruling, U.S. District Judge Juan Sanchez in Philadelphia said the SEC could pursue claims that Cooperman "misappropriated" information despite the apparent absence of a prior agreement not to trade.
In a Tuesday filing, Cooperman's lawyers called that theory "aggressive and untested," saying no insider trading case had ever been premised on a post-disclosure agreement - here, an oral agreement by Cooperman - to keep information confidential.
The lawyers asked Sanchez to certify an appeal of their ruling to the federal appeals court in Philadelphia, saying a decision in Cooperman's favor would result in a dismissal and avoid a scheduled Nov. 6 trial.
They also said the fraud charge, "even if ultimately not proven at trial, has caused and will continue to cause serious harm to Mr. Cooperman's reputation and Omega's business."
Omega said its assets under management have fallen to about $3.6 billion as of March 31, from about $5.4 billion when the SEC sued in September.
In a Monday court filing, Cooperman and Omega said they "deny that they engaged in any wrongful, illegal or improper conduct, and aver that each of them is innocent."
Cooperman maintained in a Wednesday interview on CNBC television that the SEC case was "without merit."
Along with Galleon Group's Raj Rajaratnam and Steven A. Cohen's SAC Capital Advisors LP, Cooperman is one of the most prominent recent targets of U.S. insider trading probes.  They are worth $3 billion, according to Forbes magazine.
The case is SEC v Cooperman et al, U.S. District Court, Eastern District of Pennsylvania, No. 16-05043.
(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Leslie Adler)
BRIEF-System1 says current role of COO being split into specialist leadership roles
* As part of preparations to become larger marketing services company, current role of COO is being split into specialist leadership roles
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Federal Reserve could begin trimming its holdings of bonds "relatively soon," Fed Chair Janet Yellen said on Wednesday.
"We could put this into effect relatively soon," Yellen told a news conference, referring to the Fed's plan to reduce reinvestments of maturing securities later this year.
(Reporting by Jason Lange; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
LEXINGTON, Ky. — PJ Washington will return to Kentucky after withdrawing from the NBA draft, while their Wildcats teammate Wenyen Gabriel has decided to turn pro.
The Wildcats are still awaiting Jarred Vanderbilt's decision on whether the first-year student forward will return to school or remain in the draft.
Washington, who participated in the NBA combine, posted a video on their social media accounts Wednesday that ended with the words "I'M BACK." The 6-foot-7 Dallas native will be the Wildcats' top returning scorer and rebounder next season after averaging 10.8 points and 5.7 rebounds in 37 games as a first-year student in 30 starts.
The 6-9 Gabriel was not invited to the combine but said in a video on their Twitter account that after receiving positive feedback, their dreams of being a professional "are that much closer to reality." They averaged 6.8 points and 5.4 rebounds last season.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
TEL AVIV — The Gaza Strip-based Hamas terror group last week celebrated the 16th anniversary of a suicide attack in Jerusalem that left 15 Israelis dead and 130 wounded.
The group marked the August 9, 2001, attack on the Sbarro pizza restaurant in Jerusalem with a post on the website of Hamas's television channel celebrating the guitar case in which the bomb used in the attack was hidden.
advertisement
The post was headlined “The Sbarro operation – The guitar that shook the [Zionist] entity and reaped 20 Zionists,” according to a translation by Palestinian Media Watch, an Israeli nonprofit tracking Palestinian media.
According to the TV station's post, “Aug. 9, 2001, was not an ordinary day in the memory of the Zionist entity's leaders…
“When the Sbarro restaurant on Jaffa Street in occupied Jerusalem was full of Zionist settlers at lunchtime, Martyrdom-Seeker from [Hamas' military wing Izz A-Din] Al-Qassam Brigades, Izz Al-Din Al-Masri [the suicide bomber who murdered 15 people, 7 of them children] had an opportunity to mingle with them together with their booby-trapped guitar, and playing the melodies of revenge on those who defiled the land, and violated [Palestinian] blood and honor…”
Israel, the post continued, “was unable to hide its killed and wounded, and it announced the death of 20 Zionists [sic., 15 Israelis were killed in the attack] and the wounding of 120 others [sic., 130 were wounded].
“The news of the operation made Palestinians joyous everywhere. The largest celebrations in honor of the hero [suicide bomber Al-Masri] were at the Jenin refugee camp in the northern occupied West Bank, the lion's den that 29-year-old Martyrdom-Seeker Izz Al-Din Al-Masri came from. Masses of people went out to the streets, cheered, and distributed candies out of happiness.”
PMW has in the past documented commemoration of the Sbarro attack by both the Fatah movement and the Palestinian Authority.
In 2001, according to PMW, the Hamas student branch at Al-Najah University in Nablus celebrated the murders by creating an exhibit of the pizza shop and posted on the wall images of body parts.
In 2014, the Palestinian Authority honored Masri by giving them a military funeral when their body was returned to the Palestinian Authority. At the time, Palestinian TV celebrated the terrorist who, in the words of one anchor, “gave their soul for the struggle of a nation that strives for freedom.”
Jamal Abu Ara, then mayor of the Palestinian town of Aqqaba, told the reporter that “The popular gathering around the blood of Izz Al-Din Al-Masri [the Sbarro bomber] is an honest and true expression of our people's yearning for national unity [between Fatah and Hamas] and unity of action.”
Among the dead in the Sbarro terror attack an entire family perished. Mordechai and Tzirel Schijveschuurder were killed along with three of their children, Ra'aya aged 14, Avraham aged 4, and Hemda aged 2.
(Recasts to add oil price performance, comments, background throughout)
By Marianna Parraga and Guillermo Parra-Bernal
HOUSTON/São Paulo May 2 Oil's lackluster price performance this year is unlikely to hamper Petróleo Brasileiro SA's plan to divest up to $21 billion worth of assets or find partners for exploration and refining by the end of next year, Chief Executive Officer Pedro Parente said on Tuesday.
Speaking at the Offshore Technology Conference in Houston, Parente said Petrobras has already made money in an unstable oil price environment, which could lure partners for certain businesses or projects. Rio de Janeiro-based Petrobras is Brazil's state-controlled oil company.
Parente remains confident that Petrobras will be able to divest assets in segments from oil exploration and production to fuel retailing, meeting the year-end 2018 asset-sale and partnership target comfortably.
"We can only improve by having partners helping us to get more benefits ... I don't see why the current oil price environment would create risks for our divestment plan," they said on the sidelines of the conference.
Their remarks sought to allay concern that a volatile oil market could slow or thwart plans to downsize Petrobras, the world's most indebted oil company. After starting the year on a rally, oil prices have slumped as rising crude output in the United States and elsewhere has somewhat offset production cuts by Saudi Arabia and other major exporters looking to reduce a global crude glut.
Brent crude oil prices fell on Tuesday to their lowest level in more than five months, erasing all the gains since the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries began output cuts last November. Brent futures fell $1.06, or 2.1 percent, to settle at $50.46 a barrel, the lowest close since Nov. 29 - the day before OPEC agreed to cut supply.
Investors cut their net-long position in Brent oil, the crude benchmark most widely used for pricing by Petrobras, by 69,167 contracts to 358,266 in the week ended on April 25. That was the lowest since November. Net-long positions measure the difference between bets of a price increase and those of a price decline.
Parente cited geopolitical tension in the Middle East, sizable legal contingencies and missing asset-sale goals as potential risks for Petrobras's financial and operational case going forward.
They want Petrobras to focus on cutting costs as much as other Latin American oil companies are doing. At the end of 2016, the company's lifting cost per barrel went down to $10.3 per barrel from $11.7 a barrel in 2015. (Additional reporting by Marta Nogueira in Rio de Janeiro and Roberto Samora in São Paulo; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and David Gregorio)
Fire crews search for hot spots among destroyed homes in the Rancho Monserate Country Club community Friday, Dec. 8, 2017, in Fallbrook, Calif. The wind-swept blazes have forced tens of thousands of evacuations and destroyed dozens of homes in Southern California. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull) Dick Marsala looks through debris from their destroyed home after a wildfire roared through the Rancho Monserate Country Club Friday, Dec. 8, 2017, in Bonsall, Calif. The wind-swept blazes have forced tens of thousands of evacuations and destroyed dozens of homes in Southern California. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull) Dick Marsala looks through debris from their destroyed home after a wildfire roared through the Rancho Monserate Country Club Friday, Dec. 8, 2017, in Bonsall, Calif. The wind-swept blazes have forced tens of thousands of evacuations and destroyed dozens of homes in Southern California. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull) A plane drops fire retardant on a wildfire Friday, Dec. 8, 2017, in Fallbrook, Calif. The wind-swept blazes have forced tens of thousands of evacuations and destroyed dozens of homes in Southern California. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull) Firefighter Simon Garcia, of Heartland Fire Dept., gets a hug from a woman who did not give their name after they arrived to find their house was intact in the Rancho Monserate Country Club, Friday, Dec. 8, 2017, in Fallbrook, Calif. The wind-swept blazes have forced tens of thousands of evacuations and destroyed dozens of homes in Southern California. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull) Firefighters monitor the Thomas fire as it burns through Los Padres National Forest near Ojai, Calif., on Friday, Dec. 8, 2017. (AP Photo/Noah Berger) Firefighters monitor the Thomas fire as it burns through Los Padres National Forest near Ojai, Calif., on Friday, Dec. 8, 2017. (AP Photo/Noah Berger) Firefighter Joe Santos of Nevada works to contain the Thomas fire burning through Los Padres National Forest near Ojai, Calif., on Friday, Dec. 8, 2017. (AP Photo/Noah Berger) A hillside glows with embers as the Thomas fire burns through Los Padres National Forest near Ojai, Calif., on Friday, Dec. 8, 2017. (AP Photo/Noah Berger) California Gov. Jerry Brown discusses the Thomas fire and the extended length of the state's fire season during a press conference on Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017, in Ventura, Calif. (AP Photo/Noah Berger) Firefighters light backfire while trying to keep a wildfire from jumping Santa Ana Rd. near Ventura, Calif., on Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017. (AP Photo/Noah Berger) A fire engine passes flames as a wildfire burns along Santa Ana Road near Ventura, Calif., on Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017. (AP Photo/Noah Berger) Firefighters light backfire while trying to keep a wildfire from jumping Santa Ana Road near Ventura, Calif., on Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017. (AP Photo/Noah Berger) This Wednesday, Dec. 6, 2017 satellite image provided by DigitalGlobe shows plumes of smoke from fires burning in the mountains east of San Fernando, Calif. (DigitalGlobe via AP) ©2017 DigitalGlobe In this Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017 photo released by Santa Barbara County Fire Department firefighters knock down flames as they advance on homes atop Shepherd Mesa Road in Carpinteria, Calif. A flare-up on the western edge of Southern California's largest and most destructive wildfire sent residents fleeing Sunday, as wind-fanned flames churned through canyons and down hillsides toward coastal towns. Crews with help from water-dropping aircraft saved several homes as unpredictable gusts sent the blaze churning deeper into foothill areas northwest of Los Angeles that haven't burned in decades. New evacuations were ordered in Carpinteria, a seaside city in Santa Barbara County that has been under fire threat for days. (Mike Eliason/Santa Barbara County Fire Department via AP) In this Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017 photo released by Santa Barbara County Fire Department, a home burns early Sunday morning off Gobernador Canyon Road in Carpinteria, Calif. A flare-up on the western edge of Southern California's largest and most destructive wildfire sent residents fleeing Sunday, as wind-fanned flames churned through canyons and down hillsides toward coastal towns. Crews with help from water-dropping aircraft saved several homes as unpredictable gusts sent the blaze churning deeper into foothill areas northwest of Los Angeles that haven't burned in decades. New evacuations were ordered in Carpinteria, a seaside city in Santa Barbara County that has been under fire threat for days. (Mike Eliason/Santa Barbara County Fire Department via AP) In this early morning Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017 photo released by Santa Barbara County Fire Department, firefighters working on structure protection, keep a close eye on nearby flames atop Shepard Mesa Road in Carpinteria, Calif. The area has been evacuated by law enforcement and FD has moved in to protect homes. in Carpinteria, Calif. A flare-up on the western edge of Southern California's largest and most destructive wildfire sent residents fleeing Sunday, as wind-fanned flames churned through canyons and down hillsides toward coastal towns. Crews with help from water-dropping aircraft saved several homes as unpredictable gusts sent the blaze churning deeper into foothill areas northwest of Los Angeles that haven't burned in decades. New evacuations were ordered in Carpinteria, a seaside city in Santa Barbara County that has been under fire threat for days. (Mike Eliason/Santa Barbara County Fire Department via AP) In this early morning Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017 photo released by Santa Barbara County Fire Department, flames are seen behind Carpinteria, Calif. A flare-up on the western edge of Southern California's largest and most destructive wildfire sent residents fleeing Sunday, as wind-fanned flames churned through canyons and down hillsides toward coastal towns. Crews with help from water-dropping aircraft saved several homes as unpredictable gusts sent the blaze churning deeper into foothill areas northwest of Los Angeles that haven't burned in decades. New evacuations were ordered in Carpinteria, a seaside city in Santa Barbara County that has been under fire threat for days. (Mike Eliason/Santa Barbara County Fire Department via AP)
LOS ANGELES | As Southern California enters its second week engulfed in flames, fire officials anticipate more growth and danger due to continued strong wind gusts, no rain and decades-old dry vegetation.
A powerful flare-up on the western edge of the largest and most destructive wildfire sent residents fleeing Sunday, as wind-fanned flames ripped down hillsides toward coastal towns northwest of Los Angeles. New evacuations were ordered as the fire sent up an enormous plume near Montecito and Carpinteria, seaside areas in Santa Barbara County.
“The winds are kind of squirrely right now,” said county fire spokesperson Mike Eliason. “Some places the smoke is going straight up in the air, and others it's blowing sideways. Depends on what canyon we're in.”
Southern California's gusty Santa Ana winds have long contributed to some of the region's most disastrous wildfires. They blow from the inland toward the Pacific Ocean, speeding up as they squeeze through mountain passes and canyons.
Gusts of up to 40 mph (64 kph) are expected through Monday, according to the National Weather Service.
Containment increased Sunday on other major blazes in Los Angeles, Riverside and San Diego counties. Resources from those fires were diverted to the Santa Barbara foothills to combat the 270-square-mile (699-sq. kilometer) fire that started Dec. 4 in neighboring Ventura County.
As of late Sunday, the Thomas Fire had destroyed 790 structures and damaged 191.
Fires are not typical in Southern California this time of year but can break out when dry vegetation and too little rain combine with the Santa Ana winds. Though the state emerged this spring from a yearslong drought, hardly any measurable rain has fallen in the region over the past six months.
“This is the new normal,” Democratic Gov. Jerry Brown warned Saturday after surveying damage from the deadly Ventura fire. The governor and experts said climate change is making wildfires a year-round threat.
High fire risk is expected to last into January.
The air thick with acrid smoke, even residents of areas not under evacuation orders took the opportunity to leave, fearing another shutdown of U.S. 101, a key coastal highway that was closed intermittently last week. Officials handed out masks to residents who stayed behind in Montecito, the wealthy hillside enclave that's home to celebrities such as Oprah Winfrey, Jeff Bridges and Rob Lowe.
“Our house is under threat of being burned,” Ellen DeGeneres tweeted at midday Sunday. “We just had to evacuate our pets. I'm praying for everyone in our community and thankful to all the incredible firefighters.”
Ojai experienced hazardous levels of smoke at times and officials warned of unhealthy air for large swaths of the region. The South Coast Air Quality Management District urged residents to stay indoors if possible and avoid vigorous outdoor activities.
In San Diego, which is 130 miles (209 kilometers) to the south, the Lilac Fire was 75 percent contained. The flames erupted suddenly Thursday in the Fallbrook area, known for its avocado groves and horse stables in the rolling hills.
The fire swept through the San Luis Rey Downs training center, where it killed more than 40 elite thoroughbred race horses, and destroyed more than 100 homes — most of them in a retirement community. Three people were burned trying to escape the fire that continued to smolder Sunday.
Despite the size and number of wildfires burning in the region, there has only been one confirmed death: A 70-year-old woman, who crashed their car on an evacuation route, is attributed to the fire in Santa Paula, a small city where the Thomas Fire began.
Most of last week's fires were in places that burned in the past, including one in the ritzy Los Angeles neighborhood of Bel-Air that burned six homes and another in the city's rugged foothills above the community of Sylmar and in Santa Paula.
___
Associated Press writers Elliot Spagat in Fallbrook and Brian Melley and Robert Jablon in Los Angeles contributed to this report.
___
Follow Weber at https://twitter.com/WeberCM .
___
For complete coverage of the California wildfires, click here: https://apnews.com/tag/Wildfires.
In a board poll by telephone, the Missouri Western State University Board of Governors Tuesday formally approved a contract with the Kansas City Chiefs to keep the NFL team's training camp in St. Joseph for the 2018 season.
The contract, which formalizes the agreement Missouri Western and the Chiefs announced in January, also includes an option for an additional one-year extension that would cover training camp in 2019.
“We are quite proud of our relationship with the Chiefs, and we're pleased to welcome them back this summer, and we hope for many years to come,” Missouri Western's President Dr. Robert Vartabedian said.
“We are pleased that the Missouri Western Board of Governors approved the contract agreement that we reached early in 2018,” Chiefs President Mark Donovan said. “The entire Missouri Western community and the city of St. Joseph have fully embraced Chiefs training camp and have provided our team with tremendous facilities and service for almost a full decade. We are very excited for the upcoming season and know our fans are going to enjoy getting their first glimpse of the 2018 team on the campus of Missouri Western this summer.”
Under the agreement, the Chiefs and Missouri Western agrees to cost-reducing measures related to rental equipment and labor expenses. Other conditions of the 2015 contract amendment and the original 2009 contract remain in place.
Kansas City has held training camp on the campus of Missouri Western every year since 2010 when the club returned its training camp to the state of Missouri for the first time in 20 years.
The Chiefs expect to announce the 2018 training camp schedule in June.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration is allowing more employers to opt out of providing no-cost birth control to women for religious and moral reasons.
The administration has issued a long-expected revision to Obama-era rules. The rules require most companies to provide birth control as preventive care for women, at no additional cost. Under the Affordable Care Act, preventive services are supposed to be free of charge to employees and their dependents.
The Trump administration's revision issued Friday expands a religious exemption that previously applied to houses of worship, religiously affiliated nonprofit groups, and closely-held private companies.
The share of women employees paying their own money for birth control pills has plunged to under 4 percent, from 21 percent, since contraception became a covered preventive health benefit, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
INVISIBILITY cloaks?
It's a clever piece of political propaganda aimed at US President Donald Trump who has repeatedly professed their belief that their new F-35 strike fighters are ‘invisible'.
The South China Morning Post says China is testing stealth ‘invisibility cloaks' on its older fighter jets.
But it's nothing like that found in the Harry Potter novels and movies.
Nor the see-through jet of the old Wonder Woman cartoons.
Instead, it's a new membrane coating capable of capturing radar waves, and bending them away in harmless directions. It reportedly works by using metamaterials combining plastics and metals in microscopic structures along the lines of integrated circuits.
It's hoped the coating will extend the life and combat relevance of China's existing fleet of 1500 combat aircraft. So far, it has only built about 20 of its new J-20 stealth fighters.
It's impact, however, is likely to be limited.
Stealth is about much more than the skin applied to an aircraft.
Components such as exposed engine fans and exhaust nacelles make for most of an aircraft's radar reflectivity, as does the amount of exposed surface its aerodynamic design produces.
EXPLORE MORE: What we know about China's new stealth fighter
While applying radar-absorbing coating to the wings and cowlings may reduce their observability, this is only a fraction of the considerations necessary for the success of aircraft such as the F-22 Raptor and F-35 Lightning II.
And it could come with its own problems.
Camera Icon A flight of Chinese J-15 fighters, based on a Russian design, over the South China Sea. Picture: Supplied, Chinese state media
Such advanced materials are likely to be delicate and difficult to mass produce at suitable quality levels. They may react to extremes of heat, cold or operational shocks.
The types of radar they are effective against is also likely to be limited.
DELVE DEEPER: The US vision of future air combat
The Post says the metamaterial coating has been developed by the State Key Laboratory of Millimetre Waves in Southeast University in Nanjing, Jiangsu province. It's undergone testing on aircraft that are likely to include Chinese-built J-11 and J-15 fighter types.
A unit led by Professor Cui Tiejun claims to have developed the world's first programmable metamaterials that change their physical properties in response to electric currents.
This can reportedly change what an opposing radar “sees” (such as a plastic object, instead of metal). It is also said to be capable of simply blanking out any radar returns.
“This is the beginning. More [applications] are on the way,” the Post reports a researcher as saying.
BRIEF-Chongqing Taiji Industry Group plans pharma institute and Chinese patent drug JV in Sichuan
* Says it plans to invest 15.3 million yuan to set up a pharma institute and 6.8 million yuan to set up a Chinese patent drug JV with partners
Different Bible authors have predicted the coming of the Lord. For every prophecy in the old testament predicting the first coming of Jesus there are eight on the second coming of Christ.
It is interesting to note that the second coming of Christ is mentioned in every book of the New Testament except the book of Philemon.
As we noted previously, no one knows the exact date and hour of Christ's coming. However, the Bible writers have given us vast information as far as the manner of Their coming is concerned. The Bible gives us the answer in Acts 1:9-11; “This same Jesus will come in like manner as you saw Him go to heaven.” Jesus' ascension to heaven was a real, literal event and Their return will again be a real literal event.
In Revelation 1:7, the Bible says: “Behold they are coming with the clouds and every eye will see Him.” Every human being at the second coming of Christ will see Him coming in the clouds of Heaven. No one will need to tell another when Christ shall come. “For as lightning flashes from the east to the west so shall also be the coming of the son of man,” (Mat 24:27). Therefore, there will be nothing secret about the second coming of Christ; “For the Lord themselves shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and with the trump of God: and the dead in Christ shall rise first: Then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds, to meet the Lord in the air: and so shall we ever be with the Lord,” (1 Thessalonians 4:16-17). This event is going to be audible, everyone will hear it.
The first coming of Jesus was a silent one, although the angels sang; ‘Glory to the highest' in the shepherd's fields outside of Bethlehem only a few had an idea that the baby was the eternal son of God. However, it won't be so with Their second coming, it will not be a silent event. Christ will be surrounded by all Their holy angels (Mat 16:27), in power and great glory visible to the whole world. Therefore, if any man shall say unto you, Lo, here is Christ, or there; do not believe it. (Matthew 24:23)
Everyone on earth will have one of two reactions when Christ comes:
l Filled with guilt and fear, the unsaved run from the Christ who loves them and longs to save them. They have rejected Their mercy and turned their backs on their love. Now frightened, they flee to shield themselves from Their glory. A tragic ending indeed, (Rev 6:14-16).
l The saved on the other hand, long for their return. Their hearts are filled with joy and they delight in Their presence. (Isaiah 25:9)
Sanitation worker dies after being struck by trash bin
JOHNSTOWN, Pa. (AP) — Authorities say a sanitation worker was killed when they were struck by a falling trash bin in western Pennsylvania.
Cambria County Coroner Jeffrey Lees says 19-year-old Barry Miller of Summerhill was part of a three-person crew from Pro Disposal trying to empty a trash bin shortly after 6:30 p.m. Monday outside the Alternative Community Resource Program in Brownstown.
Lees said Miller was next to the crew's truck operating a hydraulic system to hoist the container when the pulley slipped off as the contents were being emptied. The bin struck Miller, briefly pinned them against the vehicle. They died in the intensive care unit at Conemaugh Memorial Medical Center in Johnstown just before 11 a.m. Monday.
Lees ruled their death accidental. The federal Occupational Health and Safety Administration is investigating.
FIST Combat held their last show of 2017 on December 8th, with what they were calling their biggest show of the Year. FistMania was held at the promotion's regular venue, San Diego's Kensington Club. The show was scheduled to have the culmination of a couple of feuds that have been brewing in the promotion all year, with Vegan Superman versus Dirty Ron McDonald and B-Boy versus Ruby Raze. Unfortunately there was no real payoff in either as a lot of the show seemed to be structured more to buildup Brewmania's show the next night, over 100 miles away..
The crowd seemed to be among the biggest since the promotion moved to the Kensignton Club, with the standing room only going to the back wall. The show got underway at just about 10:00 pm with a promo by the promoter Mikey Gordon, followed by Randy Order (who in storyline is the promotion's heel owner).
Azrael over Guy Cool [8'39]
Azrael has a pretty funny gimmick as a millennial who expects everything handed to him. They cut a pretty funny pre-match promo that even included them stopping to “check-in” on their phone, and complained about how they had 2 semesters of community college and they shouldn't have to work and should be given “big breasted white women.” The match itself was pretty good, with Azrael keeping up their gimmick throughout. At one point they had Guy Cool in a figure four and decided to Snapchat it. This was overall pretty fun and both guys looked good. Azrael theirs a low blow on Guy Cool and was able to take advantage for the pin.
Sour Charm (Donnie Suarez & Biagio Crescenzo) over Karl Fredericks & Wolfgang Danger [12'53]
This match started with a bad promo by Donnie Suarez and Biagio, which lead to Karl Fredericks and Wolfgang Danger coming out. Donnie Suarez is one of the most underrated wrestlers in the area. They matched up really well with both Fredericks and Danger. Biagio had a really good performance in this as well. Both Fredericks and Danger looked great, and hopefully they both start getting more Southern California bookings. Sour Charm won with a double team submission on Danger. This was really good.
Jules Winfield (Michael Hopkins) and Vincent Vega (KC Douglas) over The Gimp [11'23]
The match started with just Jules Winfield and Vincent Vega. Having trained together at Battle U, they work really well together. This was a lot of fun too. Winfield hit a really nice tope con giro that got a huge reaction from the crowd. Late in the match there was a run in by The Gimp. Both Winfield and Vega were knocked into the ropes and setup like they were about to take a 619. Nope. Instead The Gimp tried to rape them both. Someone complained about this, not because of the simulated rape, but because neither guy was raped in the movie Pulp Fiction. Continuity is important to some. Vega and Winfield teamed take out The Gimp and both pinned him. Both wrestlers were announced as the winners.
Randy Order over Dirty Ron McDonald [11'22]
This was supposed to be Dirty Ron McDonald versus Vegan Superman but instead of Vegan Superman, Randy Order came out. A match started between them that saw lots of brawling in the crowd, and both wrestlers getting cut up with barb wire. They also had Legos in the ring and Order was suplexed into them. Right when Dirty Ron was about to get the win, Vegan Superman ran out and interfered, allowing Randy Order to take advantage.
True Grit (Jesse James & Hoss Hogg) over Reno Scum (Adam Thornstowe & Luster the Legend) to retain the FIST Combat Gang Bang titles [9'42]
These two teams should go up and down the state facing each other like Supreme Kaos and The Naybah Hoodz did back in the late 90s because they match up so perfectly. This was really good, hard hitting brawl. Both teams got to show a lot on offense and it was fairly even with a lot of back-and-forth. Luster got hit with a lariat and took the pin for Scum. This was good.
B-Boy vs. Ruby Raze goes to a no-contest, Vegan Superman pins both to with the FIST Championship [16'50]
This was a last man standing match. I always think the big problem with these types of matches is the amount of time with no action going on while the referee goes for the ten count. This was great in-between the fall attempts though. Raze dominated the match early until they were on the outside and B-Boy was able to hit a hard suplex on the floor, followed by knocking Raze into a booth. With them being in a long running feud in the promotion, they did a good job of making everything look believable for the most part. They both were aggressive and avoided any comedy spots. The only real problem like I mentioned was the ten counts, which stopped the action dead at times. Vegan Superman came out late with a chain, and took out both wrestlers. Randy Order ran out and ordered the ref to count the pin and Vegan Superman pinned B-Boy and Raze and was awarded the championship.
Dirty Ron McDonald then came out and chased Vegan Superman from the ring. They cut a promo about their chain match that would be taking place at Brewmania the next day. I didn't quite get the point of using this show to setup a match that was going to take place in another promotion in another city.
Overall the match quality on the show was pretty good, with not a single bad match. The pacing of the show was pretty good as well, with it taking just about two hours, including the intermission.
FIST Combat has been a really good addition to San Diego's wrestling scene in 2017, offering a unique show that isn't like anything else in the area. Throughout the year sometimes some of the wrestling has been a mixed bag, but I have yet to go to a show by FIST Combat where I have not been entertained.
By Kristina Hernandez
For the first time in its 127 years, Congregation Emanu El will be led by a female head rabbi.
Rabbi Lindy Reznick took up leadership of the synagogue Sunday, July 1. They replace former Rabbi Jay Sherwood, who left the Redlands synagogue last year.
Reznick's arrival marks a new beginning for Southern California's oldest synagogue, said President Greg Weissman, one that honors its history while “exploring new and creative ways to engage and connect” its congregation with the community.
“I believe Rabbi Reznick's warm and dynamic personality will be a tremendous asset” to the congregation, Weissman said by email.
Reznick will lead their first service at 7 p.m. Friday, July 6, at the temple, 1495 Ford St. The community is invited to attend.
Congregation Emanu El began its search for its eighth senior rabbi last summer with help from Rabbi Darryl Crystal, who served on an interim basis.
Before joining the synagogue here, Reznick served as rabbi for Milken Community Schools, a Los Angeles-based private middle and high school. There, they helped lead weekly Shabbat services for seventh- and eighth-graders, and create and implement a service-learning curriculum.
In Redlands, Reznick said, the rich history of the city and the synagogue appealed to her, as did the opportunity to bring Judaism into the 21st century.
“I am so thrilled and excited to be part of the community in Redlands – not just the synagogue but the overall community,” they said. “I think there's a strong history with both the congregation and the spiritual community that I am excited to bring a community-mindfulness approach to the work.”
Reznick said they are looking forward to living in a community with a big art scene, and that they and their family will enjoy having the University of Redlands in their backyard.
“I love those two things about (the town),” they said. “I'm a big-city girl but I am happy to be somewhere that's a bit calm, too. Redlands has that. It's beautiful and has a lot of sophistication to it that some of the bigger cities do. I liked that combination.”
Though barely a few days into their new role at Congregation Emanu El, Reznick said they already have ideas for the synagogue, such as live-streaming services and working more closely with community members from different faith and demographic backgrounds.
“My family and I are excited to be part of the Redlands community,” they said. “It's a really exciting opportunity, and my children have expressed such pride and joy that ‘Mommy' has their own community. There's a lot of pride in that.”
Kristina Hernandez is a freelance writer based in San Bernardino. Reach them at hernandez.kris@gmail.com.
Dr. Sebastian Gorka, chief strategist for the MAGA Coalition, joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Friday's Breitbart News Daily and talked about rumors that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson may soon be replaced, possibly by CIA Director Mike Pompeo.
Marlow proposed that, unlike Tillerson, Pompeo “does seem to be a MAGA guy,” fully in tune with President Trump's agenda.
advertisement
“He doesn't seem to be, they are, 101 percent,” Gorka testified.
“I had lunch with Mike Pompeo very soon after the inauguration, in the Navy mess, in the West Wing. This guy is fully on board, very loyal to the president. He's one of us.  They are a MAGA man. It would be fabulous if they were given any position outside of the CIA as well. He's doing superb work there,” they said.
“Irrespective of what Rex has or hasn't done, there are two departments in this nation that have been subverted the most, especially under the last eight years, that do not represent the values of the founding of this Republic. One of them is the State Department,” they said.
Gorka said that with some exceptions, “most of the time, the people at the State Department do not represent our interests; they represent the interests of other nations. That is not what the State Department is about.”
The other department they had in mind was the Department of Justice, which they said was even worse than State.
“The Department of Justice was so criminally politicized under the Obama administration and under Eric Holder that is Swamp times ten,” they declared.
“Having somebody like Pompeo come into the State Department would be great news,” Gorka said.
When Marlow asked if the State Department degenerated under the leadership of Secretaries of State Hillary Clinton and John Kerry or if the institution became into a rogue bureaucracy under previous administrations, Gorka replied, “Yes and yes.”
“For the longest time, for decades, it was a cultural issue,” they elaborated. “The State Department attracted a certain type of individual that thought, ‘You can sit down with Iranian mullahs. You can sit down and negotiate with the Taliban. We're all humans at the end of the day.'”
They described this institutional mindset as “post-modern, sophisticated, secular” and inclined to view all international relations as transactions or negotiations where “everybody at the end of the day wants the same thing.”
“It culturally built up that character as a machine, and then under Clinton, under Kerry, it was ideology that was driving everything,” Gorka continued. “We have to change the world. We've got to fight for LGBT rights in Catholic nations in Africa, in Christian nations, and just connecting the ideology to the culture in ways that were detrimental to the U.S. interest.”
Dr. Sebastian Gorka is a former Deputy Assistant to President Trump and former National Security editor for Breitbart News.
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6 a.m. to 9 a.m. Eastern.
LISTEN:
CTV Atlantic
A Nova Scotia museum is asking for the public's help in identifying the people and places featured in a number of photos posted online.
The Mahone Bay Museum processed hundreds of photographs between January and March, thanks to a government grant. While some people and places in the photos have been identified, others remain a mystery, so the museum has posted the photo collection on its website in the hopes of finding some answers.
“Some of the pictures are extraordinary, even though we don't know who they are, but it always adds another element to the story,” says museum curator Lyne Allain.
Allain sorted through the 500 pictures – some of them more than a century old – and carefully handled and scanned the fragile originals. They have become a detective of sorts, sifting through the backlog of black-and-white photos at the Mahone Bay Museum, finding more questions than answers.
“We thought we would reach out to the community and see if anyone could identify people for us,” they say.
Enter local resident Beverly Eisnor.
Born and raised in Mahone Bay, Eisnor is a treasure trove of information, so they decided to step in and help solve as many mysteries as they could.
Eisnor was able to identify Harold Corkum, who had been the mayor of Mahone Bay as well as a principal, in one of the photos.
While viewing another photo, they spotted a very familiar face – their mother, Lela Hyson, sitting in the second row of a class picture from 1913.
“My mother was born in 1908 and they were probably in Grade 2,” says Eisnor. “I had some pictures of them when they were little, so I could tell them right away.”
Thanks to the project, a copy of a 104-year-old picture Eisnor didn't even know existed is now theirs to keep, and Allain can put another mystery to rest.
But Allain says there are still dozens of mysteries to be solved at the Mahone Bay Museum. Anyone can view the collection online and email the museum with information regarding the people, location, or date related to the photos.
With files from CTV Atlantic's Kelly Linehan
A Del City police officer was attacked by a prisoner while transporting that prisoner to the Oklahoma County Jail. The attack occurred in the area near NW 10th and I-44 Friday evening.
The officer was taken to the hospital minor non-life-threatening injuries and has since been released.
The suspect was also taken to the hospital with minor injuries. Upon release, their journey to the Oklahoma County Jail was completed.
Trophy ng 2016 MMFF nilait-lait, pinagtawanan By Alex Brosas Bandera
Pinagtawanan at nilait-lait ang hitsura ng trophy nitong nakaraang Metro Manila Film Festival dahil sa kakaibang hitsura nito.
Parang walang aesthetics kasi ang trophy, ayun, naging laughing stock siya sa mga netizen.
When a director posted a photo of an umbrella katabi ang MMFF trophy, netizens took it to mean that he's taking a swipe at the trophy maker.
Actually, we heard about this funny trophy design through a friend, Alwin Ignacio, who said it looks like a yema.
Then, in one popular website, lait din ang inabot ng MMFF trophy.
“Eh mukha naman talagang payong eh.”
“Agree! why not retain the old trophy (burning sun, was it)? pangit ito. walang dating. walang prestige sa winners.”
“Mukhang tent lang yung trophy. No effort sa pagdedesign.”
“The trophy is so hillariouous! Thats look liked a giant paputok!”
Those were some of the comments na nabasa namin.
Recent Stories:
Complete stories on our Digital Edition newsstand for tablets, netbooks and mobile phones; 14-issue free trial. About to step out? Get breaking alerts on your mobile.phone. Text ON INQ BREAKING to 4467, for Globe, Smart and Sun subscribers in the Philippines.
Disclaimer: The comments uploaded on this site do not necessarily represent or reflect the views of management and owner of Bandera. We reserve the right to exclude comments that we deem to be inconsistent with our editorial standards.
To subscribe to the Philippine Daily Inquirer newspaper in the Philippines, call +63 2 896-6000 for Metro Manila and Metro Cebu or email your subscription request here.
They didn't wear hoods as they chanted "Jews will not replace us." They weren't hiding their faces as they waved Confederate flags, racist signs and swastikas. They looked straight at a sea of cameras as they made the Nazi salute.
As Matt Thompson wrote for The Atlantic, the white supremacist march and rally this past weekend wasn't a KKK rally: "It was a pride march."
The bare-faced shamelessness was the point. But it was also an opening.
On the Internet, some people are crowd-sourcing efforts to identify and shame the people participating in the rally. Most prominently, on Twitter, the account called "Yes, You're Racist" has been soliciting help and posting IDs. "I'll make them famous," the account pledged.
So far, at least one protester is no longer employed after being publicly named and shamed.
Cole White, who used to work at a hot dog restaurant in Berkeley, Calif., "voluntarily resigned" on Saturday after their employer confronted them about their participation in the event, according to the Berkeleyside news site.
@YesYoureRacist is not a new Twitter account. Since 2012, the account has been calling out "casual racism on Twitter," according to the user's fundraising page. It would post screenshots of deleted racist tweets, highlight offensive comments by elected officials and retweet everyday users who would say "I'm not racist but ..." followed by something, well, racist.
But after the rally in Charlottesville, Yes You're Racist pivoted from highlighting online remarks to identifying real-world marchers.
Many of the people it named had publicly declared their plans to go to Charlottesville. The account identified one man as "Illegal Aryan," who wrote on the white supremacist site Daily Stormer last month, "See you in Charlottesville!"
"Illegal Aryan," real name Mark Daniel Reardon, was identified by an antifascist group this spring and confirmed on Daily Stormer that they lost their job as a result.
Another identified marcher, who has repeatedly tweeted holocaust denials and says they are a member of the Proud Boys, said on Twitter they were at Charlottesville. After they were identified, they said he's received death threats.
Of course, there's a long and not entirely noble tradition of online humiliation for perceived moral trespasses.
Jon Ronson, who literally wrote the book on the phenomenon (it's called So You've Been Publicly Shamed), chimed in on Twitter to give their take on the public identification of the white supremacists, white nationalists and neo-Nazis marching in Charlottesville.
"They were undisguised in a massively contentious rally surrounded by the media," they said, noting also that there's "a big difference" between making a thoughtless or offensive comment online and marching in the name of white power.
That said, Twitter is "a terrible information swapping service," they said, and some innocent people would inevitably get caught up in the process.
Indeed, the "Yes You're Racist" account has made, and acknowledged, some mistakes.
One of the photos it examined was from a previous Trump rally, not the Charlottesville march or rally. (That image featured a man wearing a Nazi armband. They said on Youtube they wore it as a "social experiment" to prove that "not all Trump supporters are Nazis. I went to the Trump rally as a Nazi and they kicked me out and disavowed me ... I dressed up as a Nazi to prove a point, not to spread a message of hate.")
Another photo was misidentified as the white supremacist Billy Roper. Roper, who has called for non-white races to be "eliminated" or "become extinct," did not actually attend the Charlottesville event. Roper, who is vehemently anti-Semitic, objected to the fact that one of the speakers at the event works with a Jewish fundraiser.
Roper wrote on their blog that they actively contributed to the confusion over the identity of the "Arkansas Engineering" marcher:
"Early on in the game, I decided to troll them by alternately confirming then denying that I was the person in the picture, in order to confuse the trail and distract them from the guy they were after. So, I spent the better part of the evening schooling some and gaming others."
As Roper muddied the waters, others on the Internet misidentified the man in the photo as a University of Arkansas professor, which was false.
Meanwhile, one young man who was photographed screaming at the torchlit march told a local news station that it was definitely them — but they insisted he's "not the angry racist" people see in the photo.
"As a white nationalist, I care for all people," said Peter Cvjetanovic, who is studying history and political science at the University of Nevada, Reno.
"I did not expect the photo to be shared as much as it was," they told KTVN.
A "Yes, You're Racist" tweet about Peter Cvjetanovic was retweeted more than 32,000 times.
January 2, 2017
How about that? I actually typed the right year. Usually it takes me until about March to get the year straight on a consistent basis.
Anyway, Happy Belated New Year to you and welcome to Week 285 of “He Sure Has an Endless Supply of Baloney, Doesn't He?” Yes, I do and I'm happy to share it with you each week in this space.
Looks like the NFL playoff picture is becoming a bit clearer. Hope your favorites won in this just concluded regular season. Do you remember when the NFL had a 12 (12, are you kidding me, 12???) game season? ‘Tis true. Those of us ‘of a certain age' remember it well. Then they went to 14 games and now 16. Time was, the Super Bowl was in early January; now it's into February most years.
Okay, New Year's Resolutions: I generally don't make them, because I try (with occasional success) to ‘resolute' all year long, but in the event I WOULD make ‘em, here's a list of ten that I might work toward in '17…
1. Don't talk politics with anyone. I've heard enough arguments (and been involved in a few) during the campaign season that I'm just wanting to let it go for a while.
2. Learn to swim. Yes, I am a lifelong non-swimmer. I tried, I really did, in high school gym class, but I was a sinker. The gym teachers said my moves were all correct, but I just trended downward in the water. It's called ‘negative buoyancy.' I would have made a good submarine.
3. Eat more chocolate. I had plenty during the December ‘cookie season,' but then tapered off. Now's the time to change that strategy. Besides, it's good for your heart and brain, too. In limited amounts. I have yet to find my limit.
4. Listen to good old country music more often. I'm reading a new bio of Hank Williams Sr. and it's making me want to hear more of those great ‘50s and ‘60s classics. That old-timey stuff just had a lot of ‘heart' to it. Today's country is little more than country-flavored rock.
5. Appreciate the miracle of a little kid. Our granddaughter is almost two now, and it's sheer joy to watch them grow and learn new things.
6. Write more. I recently completed a short play based on our popular ‘Trading Post' program, but I'd like to expand it into a traditional length play. I'd like to try my hand at songwriting, too. I've played around with a few song ideas, but never got serious.
7. Complain less. Sally can testify that I complain a LOT. About nearly everything. I've been doing it so long that they think some of it is amusing, which is good, but I really need to work toward doing less of it. What do I complain about? You name it: restaurants, TV shows, the price of beds, the declining quality of mens clothes, etc etc.
8. Find a good volunteer opportunity. I did some volunteering for a few years after I semi-retired in 2010, but not much lately. There's a lot more to be done out there. I'm sure a good outfit like RSVP can find something for me.
9. Clean out the basement. We've been working on this one (and the garage, too) for several years, but it seems every time we get rid of one thing, two others show up.
10. See resolution Number 1.
Well, okay, on to your responses to my December 19th effort…
Terry knows their Christmas music. Yep, it was Frosty the Snowman who ignored a command from a duly appointed officer of the law. (“He only paused a moment when they heard them holler “Stop!”) Oh, just in case you were wondering, Frosty was later arrested on a misdemeanor charge of ‘melting while loitering.'
Congrats to Josie. They answered the fabric question. ‘Corduroy,' which literally means ‘royal fabric,' was originally worn by the upper classes in Europe.
Kim came up with Chuck Berry as the ‘lyric-intensive' rock ‘n roller, whose songs had twice or even three times the verses of other artists of the period. No one until Bob Dylan crammed more words into their tunes. “Maybelline” was one of their earliest superhits.
Heard from Charlie just before I posted this week's effort. They came up with the answer to the NYC teacher question. Nice work. Yes, it was Gabe Kaplan of ‘Welcome Back Kotter' who created a short-lived sitcom called ‘Lewis and Clark,' in which they played a saloon keeper in Luckenbach, TX.
In other business, Thanks to Kevin for their kind words. (See the 12/19 post.)
It was good to hear from John and Connie in Colorado. They said they could relate to my ‘cats and Christmas trees' woes. Thanks for the wishes for the year ahead. I hope 2017 is good for you as well.
Okay, we still have one open question up for grabs: what was the name of the couple (still around) who ran a tax business for some years in the Roy Myers' building on the 281 Bypass?
How about a few new ones:
What medical product, introduced in 1889, really made a ‘name' for itself in the worldwide killer flu pandemic of 1918? It's a brand name.
What Number 1 song of 1979 had the name of an alcoholic drink in its title?
And a GB question: what Main Street store had sort of a ‘mezzanine' level overlooking the rest of the store? (There may have been two, so I'll accept either one of them.)
Have a great New Year! We'll chat again next week.
John
As we are all well aware of, it's Girl Scout cookie time, a time where girls scout across the country sell cookies to raise funds for troop activities. Troop 11-126 in Hoisington decided to give some of their profits from this years sales to the Golden Belt Veterans Memorial to help place veterans names on the stone who might not be able to afford the cost. Mick Lang, Memorial Parks Advisory Committee Chair thanked those girl scouts who were in attendance at Monday's Commission meeting for their $270 donation that will help fill up stone three with names of Barton County veterans.
Mick Lang Audio
Two stones have already been filled with names of veterans, and Lang says they expect stone three to be full very soon along with a fourth stone that the Hoisington VFW filled with names on one side.
Mick Lang Audio
The cost to place an engraved name on one of the stone is $45 for one line of 21 characters with a maximum of two lines for a total of $90. An engraving application can be found on the county web-site www.bartoncounty.org.
Melissa's Place concert Feb. 16 at Event Center
A Feb. 16 benefit concert and live auction at the Orange Beach Event Center from 3-6 p.m. at The Wharf will raise funds to complete construction of Melissa's Place, an orphanage being built in Haiti for girls 5 to 16 years old. Admission tickets are $10 in advance and $15 at the door and patrons are invited to BYOB. Purchase advance tickets at paulmeyers foundation.com/melissasplace. For more info, call Tina Morrison at 850-377-5603.
Tax-deductible donations can be made to The Paul Meyer's Foundation for Melissa's Place and can be mailed to 1845 Cedarwood Road, Birmingham, AL 35216. In addition to the music of The Coachmen, and Wojamm, Lisa Christian, Mac Walter, Gove Scrivenor and Shelby Brown (recently seen on The Voice) the benefit will include an entertaining live auction during intermission. Auction items include a trip to Montana, beach stays, and golf and spa packages and golf Packages.
The orphanage will be located in Georgette, a small hamlet about 35 miles east of Jeremy. Land for the site has been donated and the girls' home will be named after Shelly's daughter Melissa, who lost their lives a decade ago in a tragic car accident.
Speech to Text for Man charged with impersonating a police officer
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
"franklin akers" is now behind bars. that's after an ongoing stalking investigation. terre haute police are not releasing specific details at this time. but-- they do say the case is open and active. authorities are asking anyone who may've been approached by "akers".. when they falsely identified themselves as a cop or detective.. to come forward. police say "akers" drove a 20-12 maroon chevy cruz. if you have any information that can help investigators.. call detective "brad rumsey" at 812-244-26-67. [b5]amy kinnett plea agreement-mug and.. a guilty plea is entered for a former school treasurer
WINSTON SALEM — Forbush golf competed in a Western Piedmont Athletic Conference match last week at Atkins. Forbush put together a great team performance, as the Falcons won with a total of 156.
Carson Davis shot a 38, Jacob Thompson shot a 38, Cole Hinkle shot a 39, Sinjun Southard shot a 41, Corey Williams shot a 41, and Eddie Papsun shot a 43. The Falcons are 29-1 in the conference, and 46-6 overall.
“Carson Davis and Jacob Thompson both had a good day, as they both shot 38,” said head coach Matt Pruitt. “This was our third lowest score of the year with a 156 and the whole team played well. We increase our conference lead to 72 strokes. Proud of the guys, we are averaging a 161 team score in conference play which is way better than I was expecting.”
May 2 Yuxing Infotech Investment Holdings Ltd :
* Group is expected to record a significant decrease in loss attributable for three months ended 31st March 2017
* Expected decrease in loss was due to net gains on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of about hk$17.9 million for Q1 Source text: [bit.ly/2prEwQs] Further company coverage:
Last weekend saw 2,000 competitors take part in the Lough Cutra Castle Triathlon (26th and 27th May), delivering personal bests, incredible race experiences and huge inspiration. Spectators and competitors enjoyed an electric atmosphere at the privately owned Galway estate from early morning to late afternoon with exhilarating racing across the 14 triathlon events, the new off road 10k & Half Marathon along with the new swim only 5k, 2.5k and 1 mile swim events.
The stunning setting of the castle and lake at Lough Cutra Castle provided the perfect backdrop for a great weekend of racing with rain making only a brief appearance early on Sunday morning, the sunshine was high in the sky making for some very fast racing times across the board.
Fast & Furious Racing
Saturday morning saw the BMW Super Series Men's draft legal race as the curtain raiser. A talented field of super-fast athletes took on the Standard distance race at 8am with Cillian Tierney edging out Aaron O'Brien and James Walton to take the title on race day. Tierney who was second in Carlow two weeks ago finished in 2:00:00 taking their first win of the series for 2018.
In the Mixed Relay Club Championships on Saturday afternoon 40 teams took to the start line for some thrilling triathlon racing. Belpark Triathlon Club put in a superb performance to retain their 2017 title, Ennis Triathlon club edged out Limerick Tri Club to take the second step of the podium with Limerick finishing in 3rdplace for the second year in a row. The race format saw teams of four members each race a 250m swim, 5k bike and 1.5k run in relay format. Predator Tri club retained their title of Junior Club champions much to the excitement of the vast gathering of parents, supporters and spectators at the Castle.
Sunday morning's feature race, the BMW National Series Olympic Race saw over 400 competitors complete a 1.5k swim, 40k bike and 10k run. The UK's Sam Wade successfully defended their 2017 title in a time of 2:05:30, leading from the front they were the fastest out of the water, first back into transition after the bike and first to break the tape on the day. Fellow countryman Steven Sims took second in 2:11:28. Best of the Irish was 3rdplace Finbar Mc Grady from Newry Triathlon Club in 2:12:54.
In the women's race it was Catherine Jameson who led from the start, exiting the water in first place, finishing the race with a 9 minute lead to break the tape in 2:20:00. In second was Letterkenny's Siobhan Gallagher with Catherine Sands from Newry in third place.
In the Gauntlet Half Iron Distance race, Achlinn O'Reilly, King of the Castle from 2017 successfully defended their crown to finish the race in 4:18:23. On the chase all morning was 2ndplace Bryan Mc Crystal who came into T2 with a 10 minute deficit, they bridged that time over the 21k run to come in just 1:06 behind the champion in a time of 4:19:29, Mark Millar rounded out the podium to finish in 4:35:05. The women's race saw Aine Donegan in a commanding position from the gun, exiting the water in 2ndplace they quickly took the lead on the bike which saw them cross the line in a time of 4:56:47. Belpark's Ellen Murphy came in second place in 5:10:42 with Pirahna's Nicola Hickey- Crowe rounding out the podium in a time of 5:28:43. Aine Donegan posted the fastest female bike split on the day for the 96km ride winning themselves a pair of Wheelscience race wheels worth €1,800
Inspiring a Generation
As well as the featured races there were a host of sprint distances on Saturday as well as a draft legal race for 13-15 year olds, the racing in this category as fierce and exciting as the adult races throughout the morning. Sunday afternoon the youngest of the athletes ranging in age from 8-12 years old enjoyed lots of fun and great competition as they completed their triathlon races. Stealing the show on the day young Bailey Matthews completed their triathlon crossing the finish line unaided after ditching their walker 50 metres from the finish line, the inspiring young athlete completed a 200m, 4k cycle and 1.8k run striding to the finish line much to the excitement, awe and joy of the gathered crowd.
Castle Swim Series & Castle Run Series
Added to the line-up of triathlon events was the introduction of swim and run only events this year providing the opportunity for athletes to take on one or two of the triathlon disciplines over the weekend. The swim and run events proved a huge hit with competitors delighting in the stunning setting for their chosen races.
Race Director, Brian Adcock commented on the weekend saying, “We are delighted to see Lough Cutra Castle Triathlon go from strength to strength, with the largest ever field competing this year. We extended to two days last year and this year we added the Castle Run Series and Castle Swim Series events which proved to be hugely popular. The feedback to the event has been hugely positive, with the good weather adding to the great atmosphere and sense of achievement on the finish line there was a real festival feeling all weekend. We are delighted to host an early season race in Galway, giving athletes the chance to blow off winter cobwebs and provide a memorable experience to those racing for the first time. We are grateful to the Triathlon community in Ireland who support the event and to the big contingent from the UK who travel each year on their bank holiday weekend. We look forward to returning to Lough Cutra Castle in 2019.”
Lough Cutra Castle Triathlon is the first of the six Castle Triathlon Series weekend events across Ireland, France and the UK during summer 2018. Each Castle offers a high quality, competitive and atmospheric race set in beautiful grounds and truly spectacular surroundings, with 18,000 competitors set to take part in the Series this year.
Full results of all races at Lough Cutra Castle Triathlon 2018 available here:
https://www.castletriathlonseries.co.uk/the-series/lough-cutra-results/
For those looking to get in early for 2019 (25/26 May 2019), you can make use of a 30% discount by signing up online before 8th June 2018.
Over the past 24 years, as the first and only Cypriot NGO advocating on behalf of non-human animals of all species, and disseminating at no charge humane education materials to thousands of children, Animal Responsibity Cyprus (ARC/Kivotos) has had much exposure to the Cyprus media. Of course, TV appearances, participation in radio phone-ins, newspapers publishing our articles have all been very welcome. At no cost the message of compassion is spread to the Cypriot public.
However, it has to be said that the level of journalism leaves much room for improvement. Usually interviewers have carried out zero research; thus their simplistic questions ensure that the subject of animal suffering remains on the most superficial level. Each of our appearances on television is accompanied by repeating background reels of footage of dogs running up and down. Never does the dialogue encompass the extreme suffering undergone, for example, of sows (female pigs) imprisoned in metal cages attached to the ground so that their young can suckle before all being slaughtered to be eaten by ‘animal lovers' and others. Piglets' testicles and tails cut off without anaesthetics, chickens' beaks sliced off, slaughterhouse abuse – the list is endless.
One lives in hope, but the most egregious example of lazy journalism yet – I am sorry to say – appeared in last Sunday's Mail. The article ‘Saying it Hot', which profiled singer and journalist Sarah Fenwick cites them as saying that the Ayia Napa dolphins ‘were released much to their delight and astonishment'.
Well, actually the four dolphins died in agony, mercifully released from their short lives of suffering from appalling stress and abuse. ARC/Kivotos led the campaign to successfully put an end to this abusive industry in Cyprus.
This was a very interesting and important case, exposing corruption at the highest level, together with apathy and lies from the then chief veterinary officer and the demand for the then minister of agriculture to resign. Anyone interested may check the Cyprus Mail archive article.
Patricia Radnor Kyriacou, Co-founder ARC/Kivotos, Limassol
CTV Atlantic
There continues to be disappointment and anger from many in the Maritimes as they come to terms with the demise of the Energy East pipeline.
TransCanada pulled the plug on the $15-billion project, leaving workers mourning the loss of jobs.
Trades worker Dave Blinn says Thursday's decision is just another missed opportunity for Saint John.
“It's pretty much the last nail in the coffin for us to try to make a living here,” Blinn says. “Out west we go."
There were never any promises that Energy East would come to fruition, but over the past four years it was often said Saint John was one of the communities that could have benefitted the most.
"We're owed, as far as I'm concerned,” says Saint John councillor Gerry Lowe. “As far as I'm concerned, we're owed big time federally. This province is owed federally."
Lowe points their finger at Ottawa for the demise of Energy East. They say the federal government turned against the project after a raucous meeting in Montreal.
At the time, National Energy Board hearings were disrupted by pipeline protesters. The hearings never did resume.
"Everything went downhill after that hearing in Quebec. They went in and turned the hearing upside down, and there wasn't a positive word after that. It's been downhill and downhill quickly," says Lowe.
Supporters of the energy industry are now wondering what other projects will be shelved because of uncertainty over the approval process.
"If the regulatory process takes four years, five years, seven years or an indeterminate amount of time, it really puts our projects at a competitive disadvantage," says Colleen Mitchell of the Atlantic CTR for Energy.
But for some, the day after the end of Energy East is not without optimism.
"I have been pretty busy. I've seen a lot of other trades people keeping busy. This energy thing shutting down, yeah it's a loss. But I think we're all going to stay busy," says trades worker Mike Lavigne.
If there was a promise attached to Energy East, it was that it would reduce the amount of oil being shipped across country by rail. That will now continue to be a concern to communities all through the Maritimes that are situated near major rail lines.
With files from CTV Atlantic's Mike Cameron.
The whale has been stuck in Newfoundland since last fall, frozen and covered with snow for the winter months
A tiny Newfoundland village is hoping to quickly remove the massive body of a humpback whale that has been stuck there since last fall, fearing the impending odour and mess as warmer weather approaches.
The whale's body was frozen and covered with snow for the winter months in Nameless Cove, but has become an urgent issue for the village.
“The warmer temperatures are coming and you obviously know what's gonna happen next,” Hank Diamond, a member of the local service district committee, said Wednesday.
“You won't be able to live in that community in the summer, probably, if you don't move it.”
Nameless Cove is waiting on a price quote from contractors, and Diamond said the community is hoping for provincial assistance to remove the sizable creature that they estimate to be 25-30 feet.
“It would take a fairly fair sized vessel to move that off the beach even at high tide, you know, and it seems to be settling in the sand more, so it's gonna be harder and harder to get outta there, and it's starting to rot.”
The body is in close proximity to some residences, wharves, and is less than 100 metres from a graveyard.
The beach is also a tourist attraction for its proximity to Flowers Island. The whale's body is currently in the line of vision for anyone hoping to snap a photo of the island's famed lighthouse.
Diamond reached out to Service NL after Fisheries and Oceans Canada (DFO) told Nameless Cove the removal of the whale carcass is the municipality's responsibility.
In an e-mailed statement, Service NL said it is working with the district and ”the whale will have to be moved and disposed of, either by towing it to a more secluded location to decompose or by burial.”
Dead smelly whales are not uncommon an issue for seaside Newfoundlanders: Last June, a dead humpback was lifted by crane in Outer Cove, N.L., and taken to a disposal site.
But small communities like Nameless Cove, armed with tiny boats and a population under 100 people in northern Newfoundland, are faced with a difficult task when whales wash ashore.
Diamond said DFO officials visited the site last fall to assess the beached whale, leading many locals to believe they would return to remove the body in the spring. Then villagers were surprised and upset when DFO told them it fell outside the department's responsibility.
“It's like Russian roulette, whatever community it lands on, it's on you,” Diamond said.
So far, Diamond said the response from Service NL has been encouraging. But the town needs to move fast on the difficult removal, with or without the government's help.
“If they support it or if they don't, it's got to move,” said Diamond. “We'll see to it I guess.”
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
WATFORD 1 SWANSEA CITY 0
French striker Etienna Capoue pounced on a defensive error just before halftime to give Watford a deserved 1-0 win over struggling Swansea City in the Premier League on Saturday.
Swansea defender Alfie Mawson was caught in possession and though their goalkeeper Lukas Fabianski managed to block Capoue's first shot with their legs, the Frenchman slammed home the rebound to give Watford the lead.
In bright sunshine, Swansea had more than their fair share of possession in the second half but created little, their best chance a stoppage-time header by Gylfi Sigurdsson that flashed just wide.
A sixth straight away defeats left Swansea in the bottom three on 28 points while Watford are in mid-table on 40.
(Reporting by Philip O'Connor, editing by Ed Osmond)
Noodles, a popular Asian restaurant at Pala Casino Spa & Resort is the latest restaurant at the resort to expand.
In addition to a larger counter for take-out orders, seating in the dining room has increased from 45 to 105 and the kitchen space and number of cooking woks have doubled. To accommodate the expansion, Noodles now includes part of the space of the now-shuttered Promenade Deli. The expansion of nearby restaurant and bar Luis Rey's, which was unveiled on June 29, used the rest of the space from the deli and adjacent promenade.
Noodle features cuisine from Thailand, Vietnam, Japan, China and Korea on a menu created by Tzin “Ken” Kao, who spent the last eight years as the Asian chef at the resort's Choices the Buffet. They were recently named the chef of Noodles.
Chef Tzin “Ken” Kao at Noodles Asian restaurant at Pala Casino Spa & Resort. (Courtesy of Pala Casino Spa & Resort)
The Seafood Delight at Noodles Asian restaurant at Pala Casino Spa & Resort (Courtesy of Pala Casino Spa & Resort)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
Spicy chicken Tom Kah at Noodles Asian restaurant at Pala Casino Spa & Resort. (Courtesy of Pala Casino Spa & Resort)
Salted shrimp at Noodles Asian restaurant at Pala Casino Spa & Resort. (Courtesy of Pala Casino Spa & Resort)
Dishes on the menu include seafood delight, a mixture of shrimp, scallops, fish cake and squid with mixed vegetables in garlic sauce; beef pho; and spicy chicken Tom Kah, chili-flavored broth with vermicelli noodles, shrimp, fish cake, scallops, squid with lemongrass, lime juice and mushrooms.
Noodles is open 11 a.m.-2 a.m. Sunday through Friday and 11 a.m.-4 a.m. on Saturday.
BRIEF-China Science Publishing & Media says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.033 yuan per share(before tax) for 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
By Howard Schneider
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Incoming Federal Reserve chair Jerome Powell, chosen by U.S. President Donald Trump to keep the recovery humming, appears set to let an expected trillion=dollar tax cut run its course through the economy as weak wage growth and inflation buttress their view that the economy remains underpowered.
Powell in statements throughout the year, culminating with their recent Senate confirmation hearing, has been clear they see little risk of inflation that would prompt the Fed to raise rates faster than expected, and takes weak wage growth as a sign that sidelined workers remain to be drawn into jobs.
New data added evidence to that view on Friday. Employment in November grew faster than expected, but wage growth remained muted. The share of working age adults with jobs continued a steady, six-year recovery that is approaching its pre-crisis peak.
Even with the unemployment rate at a 17-year low of 4.1 percent, "there's no sense of an overheating economy or a particularly tight labor market," Powell told members of the Senate Banking Committee, saying that the Fed should raise rates only gradually.
Debate among Powell's colleagues, meanwhile, has highlighted other risks if the Fed speeds its pace of rate increases.
Some policymakers feel the central bank has already undercut its credibility by raising interest rates while inflation remains so weak. Others have noted that if the Fed continues raising short-term rates while long-term rates remain stalled, it could turn the shape of the bond yield curve upside down, a typical signal of recession.
“If the Fed gets its paradigm wrong and sees inflation that ultimately doesn't materialize, and they take rates too far, then markets would feel aggrieved," said Carl Tannenbaum, chief economist at Northern Trust in Chicago, and a former senior risk official at the Fed Board.
Other analysts are starting to see a potential dovish surprise when Powell takes over in February, the tax cuts could kick in, and the Fed stands aside.
"MORE DOVISH FED"
With a background as an investment banker rather than as an economist rooted in a particular analytical framework, Powell will lead "a more data-driven Fed, which at the current juncture means a more dovish Fed," until and if inflation recovers, said Robin Brooks, chief economist at the Institute of International Finance.
They expect the Fed under Powell to only raise rates twice next year.
Policymakers will give an initial reading on the impact of the Republican tax plan when they meet next week. They are expected to raise interest rates for the third time this year. They will also update their economic and interest rate projections for 2018 and beyond, the first such forecasts since the outlines of the tax overhaul became clear.
Top Republicans from the House and the Senate are rushing to complete negotiations to push the tax plan into law.
Though Janet Yellen remains Fed chair until February, their final scheduled press conference on Wednesday afternoon will set the policy backdrop Powell inherits. The 64-year-old lawyer will attend the meeting as a sitting governor, and help shape the statement issued that day by the Federal Open Market Committee.
It is a group struggling with a fundamental issue.
The economy is arguably as much as a half a percentage point below full employment, a condition in which prices and wages should be rising. Yet both remain weak.
Into that mix, the tax cut legislation would put tens of billions of dollars back in the hands of corporations and households.
If there is still "slack" in the economy, that could produce faster real growth as spending and investment increase, and more workers are hired. However, if the economy is near or above its potential, as some measures indicate, it may merely cause faster-than-desired price increases, or a jump in stock and other asset values that raise concerns of a bubble.
As the tax plan advanced in Congress, forecasting shops at Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan and others penciled in a faster pace of Fed rate increases - essentially expecting the Fed would need to lean against the inflationary outcome.
The tax package is "ultimately worth almost two additional Fed hikes" in coming years, Goldman Sachs economists David Mericle and Alec Phillips wrote in a recent analysis.
But the new chair's own public speeches and comments throughout the past year have shown an evolving faith that the Fed's go-slow approach can continue, giving more time for workers to rebound from the 2007-2009 crisis without creating other economic risks.
"Accommodative policy did not generate high inflation or excessive credit growth; rather, it helped restore full employment," Powell said in June in their last extensive speech on monetary policy before they emerged as a contender for the top Fed job.
Their outlook is consistent with positions Trump and current chair Janet Yellen have taken, and the depth of their commitment to that view will be a critical part of the Fed's debate about whether and how to react to the tax plan.
At their confirmation hearing, Powell avoided any direct critique or endorsement of the pending legislation, telling lawmakers fiscal policy was their domain.
But when asked about Fed staff research that challenged a key Republican premise that corporate tax cuts generate jobs, Powell kept their distance.
"It's just someone's research," Powell told senators. "Don't associate that with a position of the board."
(Reporting by Howard Schneider; Editing by David Chance and Jeffrey Benkoe)
CINCINNATI — The biggest game in UCF's two-year turnaround ended in an unexpected blowout win. The most surprising part? None of the Knights seemed all that surprised.
Two years after they failed to win a game, the Knights (3-0 , 1-0 American Athletic) are back in the Top 25 and off to their best start since 2013. They moved into the rankings at No. 25 after a 38-10 win at Maryland and a 40-13 victory over Memphis , one of the preseason favourites in the AAC.
"They weren't shocked that they did what they did in Maryland," second-year coach Scott Frost said. "And they weren't shocked by what happened on Saturday. They weren't shocked; they were happy. This team expected to win those games.
"Boy, that's a fast turnaround from where we were to this point, where they expect to beat some really good teams."
They'll try to keep climbing Saturday night on the road against a team that's really struggling. Cincinnati (2-3, 0-1) is coming off a home loss to Marshall that showed they've got a long way to go under first-year coach Luke Fickell.
"That's the situation we're in now," Fickell said. "We're trying to find ways to create momentum and generate energy. And right now, it's very difficult on Saturdays."
A victory over a ranked team would give the Bearcats a starting point. The following week, they play at No. 18 South Florida, getting the conference's two best teams back-to-back. So, there's extra motivation for Cincinnati.
"Success is going to lead to people playing up when they play us," Frost said, "but we're only three games into this thing right now. We've got to go prove ourselves again."
A fast start on the road would help, and the Bearcats have shown a propensity for letting opponents take control early. They've been outscored 42-17 in the first quarter, forcing them to play from behind. They turned the ball over on the second play of the game, helping Marshall take control on its way to a 38-21 victory.
"At some point in time, we say: How do we create some positive energy and not always play off the negative energy?'" Fickell said. "It's draining. It's some difficult stuff."
Being that it is Valentine's Day, it seems perfectly appropriate to get a good update on Jose and their difficult love life! Jubal describes Jose's love life as a one legged Pigeon riding a tricycle…. Listen to the podcast to see if this is accurate or not!!
BEIJING A Chinese court announced on Friday it had sentenced a prominent human rights lawyer to a three year suspended jail sentence for subverting state power, after a closed-door trial.
President Xi Jinping has tightened the state's grip on independent civil society since 2012, citing threats to national security and stability.
Li Heping, a civil rights lawyer who has previously defended practitioners of the banned Falun Gong spiritual movement, was detained along with dozens of activists and lawyers in mid-2015 during a crackdown on dissent.
As their trial touched upon state secrets, it was held behind closed doors on April 25 in the Tianjin City Number Two Intermediate People's Court, according to a post on the court's Weibo social media account.
The court handed down a three-year jail sentence, suspended for four years, it said, adding that Li would be stripped of their political privileges.
Patrick Poon, a Hong Kong-based China researcher for the rights group Amnesty International, said the decision to hold a closed trial raised the suspicion the allegations against them were "groundless".
The sentence meant Li would be "silenced for another four years", Poon told Reuters.
Li could not be reached for comment and telephone calls to the court were not answered.
Earlier on Friday, Li's wife, Wang Qiaoling, sent rights activists videos via instant messaging platforms of men who they said had identified themselves as police and surrounded them near their home in Beijing as they were walking their dog.
They asked them to go with them to Tianjin to see Li, but they refused as they did not provide identification papers, they told Reuters.
One of them men told them they were Li's lawyer and that Li had been convicted, which Wang said made them angry as they had not heard about the trial.
"This secret trial, no one knew it was happening, even the lawyer was provided by the state, works with the state," they said.
"After the sentencing, they should immediately have the freedom to return home, but now they are holding them in Tianjin ... They are just using the conviction to continue to secretly lock them up," they said.
In its ruling, the court said that since 2008, Li had used the internet and foreign media to smear and attack state organs and the legal system.
Li had also accepted foreign funds, "hyped" cases and intentionally provoked dissatisfaction with society among "some people who don't know the fact of the matter", the court said.
They also colluded with a small group of lawyers, "individuals engaged in illegal religious activities" and "professional petitioners" to attack the constitutionally based system, the court said in its ruling.
The court said in its statement that Li would not appeal and had thanked the court after proceedings concluded, expressing regret and saying their behaviour had broken criminal law.
The court ruled that Li's "relatively small" number of crimes and their expression of regret meant they were given the suspended sentence.
(Reporting by Christian Shepherd; Editing by Robert Birsel)
COLUMBUS, Ohio — Ohio Auditor Dave Yost's opponent in the state attorney general's race said Tuesday that Yost should immediately have referred to authorities a whistleblower's allegations that the state's then-largest online charter school intentionally inflated attendance figures.
The Republican Yost's office called Democrat Steven Dettelbach's call for Yost to recuse themselves from reviewing the former Electronic Classroom of Tomorrow a “political stunt.” It said the former ECOT employee's claims of misconduct by the school were swiftly investigated — though results of that inquiry have not yet been released.
The Associated Press reported Monday that the individual first shared claims of misconduct at the now-shuttered e-school with the Ohio Department of Education in August.
“When a credible whistleblower comes forward with inside information that there was intentional fraud that is going on, you do not sit on that for a year,” said Dettelbach, a former U.S. Attorney in Cleveland. “You do not put it into some process where it marinates as part of a routine audit; it's not something that comes out in a report months and months later. You pick up the phone immediately, and you refer it to an independent criminal investigation agency.”
Yost spokesperson Ben Marrison said the whistleblower's information was considered for an ECOT financial audit that has not yet been released.
The office said Tuesday it got ECOT's final paperwork Tuesday and planned to release the report May 1. Marrison said the auditor's Public Integrity Assurance Team, which has produced more than 150 criminal convictions since 2011, met with the informant three times.
“This office has aggressively audited ECOT's claims for funding, and these allegations were thoroughly investigated as well,” Yost's office said in a statement.
In an AP interview, the former employee, who spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity for fear of professional repercussions for speaking out, said that before they left the school last July they were privy to meetings where officials ordered staff to use new software to manipulate student data to reach desired outcomes.
Marion Little, an attorney for the ECOT board, told the AP they were unaware of the man's claims or that they had been interviewed.
Dettelbach said critical evidence in a potential criminal case against ECOT may have been lost and important witnesses dispersed in the months since the whistleblower first approached Yost's office. They questioned Yost's ability to independently review a school that has given them campaign contributions and honors.
The whistleblower first raised their concerns with the state Education Department in an Aug. 3 email. Education regulators didn't meet with them until December. The department has said, although that interview came too late for its 2016-2017 attendance audit, their claims will be considered for the 2017-2018 attendance audit that kicks off this summer.
Additional communications between the whistleblower and the Education Department were released Tuesday by Stephanie Dodd, a state school board member and Democratic lieutenant governor candidate. One email obtained by Dodd described “the real manipulation” perpetrated by the school as “processing of the raw data and building it into academic records for the purposes of funding claims.”
The Education Department previously found that the school significantly over-reported its number of full-time-equivalent students and owed the state $60 million for the 2015-2016 school year. Another $19 million penalty was assessed for 2016-2017.
An ECOT lawsuit challenging the legality of the rule requiring learning-hour tracking is pending before the Ohio Supreme Court.
I wandered up to a literal, floor-to-ceiling wall of pants. I know a little bit about clothes and of course, I know there are a several historical styles of pants, most of which are ridiculous and unwearable, but nevertheless exist.
Take "painter pants" for example. Except for 17 minutes in the 80s, no sane person who is not holding a brush would wear painter pants. Ditto "Capri pants" which are tight-fitting trousers that end abruptly and without explanation halfway down your calf, They were invented by an Italian designer who it seems was interested in naked calves and worn by Mary Tyler Moore, bullfighters and occasionally by tennis star Rafael Nadal, but God knows why. These are also called pedal pushers (if you ride a bike) and clam diggers (if you dig clams while riding a bike) and just generally for people who insist on ridiculous names for their clothes.
The pants on the shelves were technically all long pants, but when I started looking for my size I realized that at some point someone had decided that there was no such thing as just "pants."
Now — and I am not making this up — there were "Classic Fit," Regular Fit," "Straight Fit," Relaxed," "Tapered," "Flex Tapered," "Slim Tapered," "Skinny Tapered," "Slouch Tapered" and "Athletic." There may have been a few more, but I got dizzy and had to sit down.
Foolishly, I tried Athletic. I found them, to my chagrin, baggy in the thighs and butt.
I told the salesperson this.
"Yes, they're made for people with muscular legs. That's why they're called Athletic," they said. "How would you describe your legs? That might help."
"Chickenlike," I said.
"Try Skinny Tapered," they said.
I did and they seemed to fit, I thought.
At home, I tried them on and then asked my wife the question usually directed AT men, not posed BY men.
"How do these pants look?" I said.
Sensing a once-in-a-lifetime moment, they said, "Like you've got really skinny pants on chicken legs."
I might try Capris after all.
Paul Benedetti is the author of “You Can Have A Dog When I'm Dead.”
LOS ANGELES — To paraphrase Gandalf by way of J.R.R. Tolkien, early December is the box office's deep breath before the plunge. New films are held back as Hollywood waits to capitalize on Christmas.
The major studios served up nothing for the second weekend in a row, allowing "Coco" to remain the top draw at North American theatres. But eight big movies are scheduled to arrive in wide release over an 11-day stretch that starts Friday, when "Star Wars: The Last Jedi" touches down.
Playing in 3,748 theatres, "Coco" (Disney-Pixar) took in an estimated $18.3 million, for a three-week total of $135.5 million, according to comScore, which compiles box office data. "Justice League" (Warner Bros.) collected about $9.6 million, for a four-week domestic total of $212.1 million — a not-very-superheroic sum that has Warner rethinking its management of DC Comics films yet again.
Third place went to the tear-jerker "Wonder" (Lionsgate), which nosed across the $100 million mark in North America by selling about $8.5 million in tickets in its fourth weekend. With backers that include Participant Media and Walden Media, "Wonder" has connected with audiences in part because of its #ChooseKind promotional campaign.
US government ‘deeply disturbed' by arrest of staff member in İstanbul Consulate
The US Embassy in Turkey issued an official statement on Twitter on Thursday concerning the arrest of a locally employed staff member in İstanbul the day before.
“The United States Government is deeply disturbed by the arrest of a locally-employed staff member of the US Consulate General İstanbul on October 4, and by leaks from Turkish government sources seemingly aimed at trying the employee in the media rather than a court of law. We believe these allegations to be wholly without merit,” the US Embassy said on its official Twitter account, adding “Baseless, anonymous allegations against our employees undermine and devalue this longstanding partnership.”
Metin Topuz, a staff member, allegedly had regular phone calls before corruption investigations went public Dec. 17-25, 2013 with then-İstanbul Deputy Public Prosecutor Zekeriya Öz and the chiefs of police in charge of the probes.
Metin Topuz was detained on Sunday under the order of the anti-terror and organized crime unit of the İstanbul Public Prosecutor's Office and was arrested by a court on Thursday, the Hürriyet daily reported.
As part of the so-called FETÖ organization (a derogatory term coined by the Justice and Development Party [AKP] government to refer to members of the faith-based Gülen movement), the İstanbul Public Prosecutor's Office anti-terror and organized crime unit had filed a case against chiefs of police Yakup Saygılı, Nazmi Ardıç, Mahir Çakallı and Mehmet Akif Üner and fugitive former prosecutor Zekeriya Öz.
The Gülen movement is a global civil society movement inspired by the views of US-based Turkish Islamic scholar Fethullah Gülen, who the AKP government and autocratic President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan accuse of masterminding a failed coup attempt on July 15, 2016 despite Gülen's repeated denials of any involvement. (SCF with turkishminute.com)
Related
Abbot by Spencer Platt/Getty Image
In episode 5 of the National Podcast of Texas, political editor R.G. Ratcliffe examines Governor Greg Abbott's curious behavior as they approach their re-election bid, senior editor Abby Johnston and writer-at-large Doyin Oyeniyi introduce a new regular segment called “In Case You Missed It,” and the Texanist discusses a 70 mile per hour gesture of goodwill.
0 Memphis man indicted in murders of pregnant girlfriend and unborn child
MEMPHIS, Tenn. - A Memphis man who's accused of killing their pregnant girlfriend has been indicted on two charges of first degree murder.
Brandon Freeman, 24, was indicted Tuesday. In addition to the two counts of murder, they are also charged with tampering with evidence at the crime scene.
The charges stem from the death of Keosha Miller. The 22-year-old was shot and killed on December 9, 2017 outside the Faronia Square Apartments in Whitehaven.
Trending stories:
A neighbor told FOX13 the couple was arguing in the moments before the gunfire.
"She tried to walk away from the argument they were having, and that wasn't enough to just walk away," they said.
Miller was three months pregnant when they were murdered. The unborn baby was also killed.
Tennessee Law allows prosecutors to charge a murder suspect with the death of an unborn child regardless of the age of the fetus.
After the shooting, Freeman drove away. A witness called to check on him, and they told that person “some random guys” tried to shoot them and their girlfriend – and (Miller) had been hit, according to a police affidavit.
Freeman later returned to the scene and moved evidence, according to witness statements in police documents.
Once police caught Freeman, they gave a statement of admission, according to arresting documents. They told officers they shot Miller because they were unsure if the unborn baby was his, and it was the easiest way they could think of to get out of the relationship.
Brandon Freeman is being held without bond.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
People throughout the world commemorated 103 years since the Armenian genocide on Tuesday. Thousands will march throughout the streets of various cities to honor the 1.5 million lives lost during the 1915 massacre, carried out by Ottoman Turks.
Turkey insists the killings do not constitute a genocide and has repeatedly suggested the numbers of deaths were fabricated and exaggerated.
Armenia's government and the country's opposition participated in an event and march to the memorial with Armenia's acting prime minister laying flowers on the hilltop memorial in Armenia's capital city, Yerevan.
Since early morning people march to the #Tsitsernakaberd Memorial to pay tribute to memory of victims of #ArmenianGenocide pic.twitter.com/Jp6pmDHDgD — Armenia 🇲 (@armenia) April 24, 2018
On 24 April 1915 the Islamic Turkish Ottoman caliphate began the horrific #ArmenianGenocide. Over 8 years, about 1.5 million Armenian Christians (+ many Assyrian & Greek Christians) in the region died, with many more raped, tortured, robbed and subdued. #neverforget #OTD #history pic.twitter.com/NXJKIHLmzR — Aust Conservatives (@AuConservatives) April 24, 2018
Every April 24th, I urge the President of the United States to recognize the #ArmenianGenocide. Every year, truth and justice have taken a back seat to politics and corruption. Mr. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump, the Armenian people have suffered long enough. It's time… 🇲 pic.twitter.com/5YottbkMgV — Alecko Eskandarian (@alecko11) April 24, 2018
In Lebanon, politicians commemorated the Armenian genocide and participated in a march on Monday which was attended by the Lebanese Armenian community.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan refused to call the tragedy a genocide and, instead, issued a statement at the Istanbul Armenian Church saying, “It is Turkey's conscientious and ethical responsibility to share the historical pain of our Armenian citizens. We will continue to share your pain and try to resolve your problems in the future.” Erdoğan reportedly read the statement in Armenian and Turkish.
Congressman Frank Pallone (D-NJ) said they hope Congress will soon pass the resolution to recognize the Armenian genocide:
Thanked the Armenian diaspora for all of their efforts over the years to achieve genocide recognition. I'm optimistic that one day soon Congress will pass the resolution to recognize the #ArmenianGenocide pic.twitter.com/GSgLete92E — Rep. Frank Pallone (@FrankPallone) April 22, 2018
President Donald Trump issued a statement on the occasion. “Today we commemorate the Meds Yeghern, one of the worst mass atrocities of the 20th century, when one and a half million Armenians were deported, massacred, or marched to their deaths in the final years of the Ottoman Empire. We recall the horrific events of 1915 and grieve for the lives lost and the many who suffered,” Trump said.
They added, “As we honor the memory of those who suffered, we also reflect on our commitment to ensure that such atrocities are not repeated. We underscore the importance of acknowledging and reckoning with painful elements of the past as a necessary step towards creating a more tolerant future.”
House Intelligence Committee chairperson Devin Nunes (R-CA) also issued a statement:
It's been more than a century since the Ottoman Empire began the Armenian Genocide. At a time when Turkey is falling into anti-democratic darkness, including the brutal beating of President Erdoğan's critics on U.S. soil by Erdoğan's security detail, Erdoğan's continuing denial of the Armenian Genocide is an absurdity and a disgrace. In light of current developments in Turkey, it's now more important than ever that the U.S. administration commemorate the tragic genocide of the Armenian people.
Pins with “Forget Me Not” flowers on them were worn by participants as a symbolic gesture to remind those of the Armenian genocide.
Tens of thousands of people will march through the streets of Hollywood and Los Angeles on Tuesday to commemorate the 103-year anniversary of the tragedy, as has been the tradition in those communities for many years.
Adelle Nazarian is a politics and national security reporter for Breitbart News. Follow them on Facebook and Twitter
So the worst kept secret in the East Midlands has now been confirmed and Frank Lampard has been announced as the new manager of Derby County.
Some may be surprised at what route that the club has gone down. Lampard has achieved much in theme, both as a Chelsea legend and England International of some 106 caps, but they are a complete rookie in the management game.
Derby have tried many different approaches in addressing the management situation and all have fallen short in their aim of reaching the Premier League.
Lampard has ambitions to make it as a manager and this is a very big gig at which to start this period of their footballing career.
They will have to be shown patience and given time.
Those expecting instant success may have to reassess their hopes for the next season as Derby will have to make adjustments to their team budget after years of spending money by past bosses.
Perhaps with Lampard having gained much respect during their playing days, they will be able to pull off some good loan deals?
Whatever anyones thoughts are about this appointment, it will ensure that the club remain under the spotlight by the national media. They will be scrutinised heavily by the red tops.
Derby County fans will have to take the following into consideration too when they make their own minds up about them - Rookie boss, reduced budget, learning their trade.
We will need to get behind them from day one! Whoever is appointed it never satisfies everyone.
Welcome to Pride Park Frank Lampard, I hoe your stay is a long and successful one.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - GGP Inc (GGP.N), one of the largest owners and operators of U.S. shopping centres, has rejected a $14.8 billion (11.1 billion pounds) buyout offer from its biggest shareholder, Brookfield Property Partners LP (BPY.O), people familiar with the matter said on Sunday.
Brookfield Property made a $23-per-share cash and stock offer last month for the 66 percent of GGP it does not already own. A combination of Chicago-based GGP and Brookfield Property would create one of the world's largest publicly traded property companies.
Brookfield Property is considering a new offer for GGP after a special committee of GGP's board directors turned down its Nov. 11 offer as inadequate, and negotiations between the two companies are expected to continue, the sources said.
The companies do not plan to make a new announcement unless their negotiations lead to a deal or end unsuccessfully, the sources added, asking not to be identified because the discussions are confidential.
GGP and Brookfield Property did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Brookfield Property's efforts to buy GGP have come as mall owners across the United States are struggling as a result of many retailers losing out to e-commerce firms such as Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O).
GGP shares ended trading at $23.43 on Friday, giving it a market capitalization of $22.2 billion. Its shares have underperformed the wider stock market this year because of the company's exposure to troubled retailers such as Sears Holdings Corp (SHLD.O).
Brookfield Property Partners shares ended trading on Friday at $21.61, giving it a market capitalization of $15.2 billion.
Brookfield Property, an owner and operator of office and retail properties, said last month the deal would allow it to grow, transform or reposition GGP's shopping centres.
The acquisition would create a company with an ownership interest in almost $100 billion real estate assets globally and annual net operating income of about $5 billion, according to Brookfield Property.
It is not the first time Brookfield Property's attempt to buy out a real estate investment trust in which it already owns a big stake has been rejected. Last year, Rouse Properties Inc, another U.S. mall owner, rejected an offer by Brookfield Property, its largest shareholder, only to subsequently agree to a sweetened $2.8 billion offer.
Other GGP peers are also coming under pressure. Rival mall owner Macerich Co (MAC.N) currently is under pressure from activist hedge fund Third Point Management to explore options including a sale.
A man was found dead in their car from a gunshot wound early Saturday morning in South Los Angeles, police said.
Scroll for more content...
Shots were fired and struck the man as they were driving their vehicle around 4 a.m., causing them to drive northbound and crash, according to Los Angeles Police Department Capt. Darnell Davenport.
The passenger surprisingly walked away from the shooting unharmed despite evidence of bullet holes on the passenger side of the car.
The shooting occurred on the corner of 29th Street and South Western Avenue, on the border between the neighborhoods of Jefferson Park and Adams-Normandie, Davenport said.
LAPD identified the victim and notified their family but has not publicly released the man's identity.
Detectives were unsure if the suspect was on foot or in a vehicle and were looking into whether the shooting was gang related.
Officers arrived on the scene after they got a call shots fired. The Los Angeles Fire Department pronounced the victim dead at the scene.
A crowd of about 10 people gathered beyond the police tape at the 29th Street and South Western Avenue intersection in the hours after the Saturday morning shooting.
Capt. Davenport the investigation is in its early stages. No further details were immediately available.
For Belgian-born literary theorist Paul de Man, semiotics freed literary theory from not just an obligation to portray truth, but also its capacity to. Signs described other signs, and language, reduced to meta-language, could only describe itself. While New Critics saw semiotics as a crisis, de Man, foreshadowing post-structuralists like Deleuze, argued that theory was meant to be an ouroboros: self-referential and asymptotic, munching its own tail, theory existed to show off its limits. “Nothing can overcome the resistance to theory,” wrote de Man. “Theory ‘is' itself this resistance.”
A “resistance to theory” links de Man with “Touch is a Bridge,” Adriana Ramić and Micah Schippa's two-person show at Hotel Art Pavilion, as does, circuitously, Nazism. In 1941, de Man became the official book reviewer for Le Soir, a viciously anti-Semitic publication, ceasing only when their uncle, a Nazi-controlled puppet minister, was targeted by the Belgian Resistance. In 2014, Ramić visited Warsaw's Palace of Culture and Science, which houses, among other things, the Museum of Evolution. Stalin gifted the building in 1952, as the city struggled to repair itself from the Nazis' 1944 razing. Ramić photographed the Museum's fossil collection, then fed the photos into IBM Watson's visual recognition software. Physical iterations of Watson's bloopers — a doorbell, a bread roll — are pinned to the gallery wall, while a taxonomy of dehydrated-looking found objects, assembled by Schippa, rest on the gallery floor. A preserved mushroom lies next to a vertebra, itself perpendicular to a butter knife, black with rust. Making use of Hotel Art Pavilion's location (a shed in the curators' backyard), Schippa also dug a square sized to the dimensions of the gallery. Titled, aptly, “Excavation at the dimensions of the gallery,” the piece sits in front of the shed like an earthy doormat.
Much like de Man and the post-structuralists, Ramić and Schippa use formalism as their raw material. For Schippa, classificatory hubris is undercut by nature: during the opening it rained, and worms wiggled up through the dirt square. Ramić uses apophenia — or a propensity for seeing meaningful links in unrelated phenomena — to foreground the information age's approach to data. Data miners, like post-structuralist theorists, study the conditions of knowledge production: stable frameworks are deconstructed into more and finer units of data to reveal, if not truth, then the closest simulation of it. Post-structuralist analysis can of course be used to critique the way data is framed as objective evidence. As Ramić points out, the “connections” between data points are often meaningless and biased, even though “data as truth” claims are used to justify surveillance and extraction. Yet “Touch is a Bridge” felt exhausted with post-structuralism as well. White cube aesthetics critiqued but also replicated: the exhibit is an admittedly scrambled white box with things neatly displayed inside.
The following deaths have occurred in the Leitrim area:
Cormac (Con) Costello, Carrick-O-Brien, Athlone, Co Westmeath / Ballinaglera, Co Leitrim
Peacefully surrounded by their loving family. Predeceased by their beloved wife Kitty. Sadly missed by their loving sons Anthony, Michael and John, daughters Teresa and Mary, brother Pat (Leitrim), sister Celia (New Jersey), sons-in-law, daughters-in-law, nephews, nieces, grandchildren, relatives and many friends. Requiem Mass today, Thursday 15th at 11.30am in St. Mary's Church followed by burial afterwards in Coosan Cemetery. House private on Thursday morning please. Family flowers only please, donations, if desired, to South Westmeath Hospice.
Kathleen Ryan (née O'Connor) Paddock, Dunmore, Co Galway / Glencar, Co Leitrim
Kathleen Ryan, Paddock Stonepark Dunmore, & formerly Glencar Co Leitrim. Peacefully at Greenpark nursing home Tuam Co Galway. Predecesed by their husband John Joe. Sadly missed by their loving daughter Patricia, son Tommy, relatives neighbours & friends. Reposing at Glynn's funeral home Dunmore on Thursday, June 15 from 5pm, with removal at 7pm to the Church Of Our Lady & St Nicholas Dunmore. Funeral mass on Friday, June 16 at 11am, with burial afterwards in Dunmore cemetery.
Alec Rogers, Mill, Drumlish, Co Longford
Alec Rogers, Manchester, England and late of Mill, Drumlish, Co Longford. Deeply missed by daughter Grace, son Alec, sister Mary Rose and brother Paddy. Remains to arrive to St Mary's Church, Drumlish on Thursday 15th for 11am Funeral Mass followed by burial in local cemetery.
Annabelle (Belle) Matthews, Innisfayle Gardens, Cavan Town/ Arvagh, Co Cavan
Peacefully, at Dunlady Nursing Home, Dundonald, Belfast. Beloved sister of the late Elizabeth McConkey and John Matthews (Arvagh). Very deeply regretted by all the familoy circle. Funeral Service in Arvagh Parish Church on Saturday, June 17 at 3pm followed by burial in the adjoining churchyard. Family flowers only please. Donations in lieu, if desired, to Chest, Heart & Stroke c/o Melville & Co. Funeral Directors, 195 York Road, Belfast, Co Antrim.
Kathleen Ryan (née O'Connor) Paddock, Dunmore, Galway / Glencar, Co Leitrim
Kathleen Ryan, Paddock Stonepark Dunmore, & formerly Glencar Co Leitrim. Peacefully at Greenpark nursing home Tuam Co Galway. Predecesed by their husband John Joe. Sadly missed by their loving daughter Patricia, son Tommy, relatives neighbours & friends. Rest In Peace. Reposing at Glynn's funeral home Dunmore today, Thursday 15th from 5pm, with removal at 7pm to the Church Of Our Lady & St Nicholas Dunmore. Funeral mass on Friday at 11am, with burial afterwards in Dunmore cemetery.
James Connolly, Curaghfore, Manorhamilton, Co Leitrim
James Connolly, better known as Sonny, Curaghfore, Manorhamilton, Co. Leitrim. Peacefully at Sligo University Hospital. Beloved husband of Sarah, father of Mary Rooney (Ballintrillick), brother of Joe Connolly (Manorhamilton), Rose Brophy (Slough), Kathleen Leavy (Windsor). Reposing at Our Lady's Hospital Chapel, Manorhamilton today, Thursday 15th from 5.30-7.30pm with Removal to St Clare's Church, Manorhamilton arriving at 8pm. Funeral Mass on Friday 16th afternoon at 1.30pm followed by Burial in the adjoining graveyard.
May they all rest in peace.
Kelly Ripa‘s kids are growing up fast!
The Live with Kelly host, 46, got their clan together for a lovely family photo to celebrate the start of 2017. Ripa and husband Mark Consuelos posed in front of the Christmas tree with their three children — Michael, 19, Lola 15, and Joaquin, 13 — in a photo shared on Instagram over the weekend.
“Feliz año Nuevo! With love from the Consuelos gang,” Ripa captioned the sweet snap.
Consuelos, 45, also showed their love and appreciation for their family with a cute photo with their wife of two decades.
“Bringing in the new year with my fave and family,” they captioned the photo of the duo sitting in front of a fireplace.
Aside from spending time with family for the holiday, Ripa had all the fixings for a perfect New Year's Eve party. On Saturday, the TV personality shared a photo of all the traditional hats, crowns and noisemakers necessary to ring in the new year. They even made sure to have light-up “2017” glasses.
“Hoping for a lit 2017!” they said.
Bringing in the new year with my fave and family.. A photo posted by Mark Consuelos. (@instasuelos) on Dec 31, 2016 at 8:54pm PST
Hoping for a lit 2017! ⭐❄️💥⛷🎉🥂 A photo posted by Kelly Ripa (@kellyripa) on Dec 31, 2016 at 5:48pm PST
Ripa's eldest son recently made headlines for their crazy resemblance to their father. The talk show host took to Instagram on Thursday to share a selfie with Michael and comedian Rachael Harris, and fans couldn't get over how Michael was a spitting image of their dad.
In July, Ripa revealed that their husband and two oldest children were living in California for the summer while they and Joaquin stayed in New York. “Both my son [Michael] and my daughter [Lola] are with Mark in California,” they said. “They're all working out there. The two teens are doing internships. They're working at film houses, and Mark is working on a TV show for Fox called Pitch.”
A month later, the Ripa sent Michael off to college and immediately settled on a project in mind to distract themselves from the sadness: transforming their bedroom into a closet.
“I've got big plans for their bedroom,” Ripa said ahead of them going off to university. “That bedroom is going to be turned into a mega closet.”
Authorities are responding to a stabbing death in southwest Oklahoma City.
A white male victim was found after midnight Tuesday on the side of a gas station near Reno and Western.
Police are not currently looking for a suspect.
From the Office of the U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Texas
TYLER, Texas - A 41-year-old Jacksonville, Texas man has been sentenced to federal prison for drug trafficking violations in the Eastern District of Texas, announced Acting U.S. Attorney Brit Featherston today.
Abdul Kariem Lugman pleaded guilty on Jan. 12, 2017, to possession with intent to distribute approximately 24 grams of cocaine and was sentenced to (15 years) in federal prison today by U.S. District Judge Ron Clark.
According to information presented in court, on Dec. 21, 2015, law enforcement officers responded to a complaint of suspected drug dealing at the Home Place Inn in Jacksonville. As deputies approached the reported room, they observed the door was open and Lugman could be seen sitting in a chair with a small white rock-like substance in their hand near a digital scale. Lugman rushed towards the open door and was taken into custody. A search warrant was executed at the hotel room and officers discovered crack cocaine, cash, digital scales, a police scanner, firearms and other drugs and drug paraphernalia.
This case was investigated by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, Cherokee County Sheriff's Office, Jacksonville Police Department, and Texas Department of Public Safety – Law Enforcement Division. This case was prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Jim Noble.
FILE PHOTO - Former Olympic athlete Carl Lewis smiles for photographs on the observation deck of the Empire State Building to celebrate 100 days until the 2016 Olympic Games, in New York, U.S., April 27, 2016. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
When relay teams drop batons and make other costly mistakes, they are usually criticised for lack of practice.
U.S. teams have suffered from a number of high-profile gaffes in recent Olympics and world championships but American great Carl Lewis, who won five global gold medals in the 4x100 metres relay, says practice is not the key.
"Everyone thinks it is about practice," Lewis told Reuters. "It is not about practice, it's about understanding the system and then doing it in front of a live audience.
"It's more important to get races than it is to get practice."
That is one reason the University of Houston coach, along with new U.S. relays coach Orin Richburg, is a strong advocate of expanding top U.S. sprinters' participation in domestic relays during the American spring.
"You need to do it in live meets," said Lewis, whose Houston men's 4x100m relay team ranks among the nation's top five.
As the athletes run around the track you will not hear Lewis's charges call "stick" as they prepare to pass the baton.
"That is too much to listen for," said Lewis.
"If you are calling stick, then your mind is worrying about something behind you. The race is in front of you.
"We do a blind pass. It's all designed for the outgoing person to run to a spot and the incoming person to try to beat them to that spot."
Lewis is no fan either of resting sprinters on U.S. relay teams, changing the order of runners and using alternates in the early rounds of global competitions.
Noting today's sprinters face fewer rounds than in their day when they said they regularly ran four 100s, four 200s, two days of long jumping and all three relay rounds, Lewis questioned how they can be tired.
"I don't like it," said Lewis. "Because what they do is (have) every agent screaming to get their kid in to run.
"What it is about is trying to get someone a medal. We should be focused on winning."
(Reporting by Gene Cherry in Salvo, North Carolina, editing by Ed Osmond)
Independent magazine for creative inspiration, free portfolios for creatives and worldwide collective of curated artists, designers and photographers.
All images on our website and magazines are copyrighted by their respective owners.
On Oct. 5th at 11:05 p.m., Innisfail RCMP responded to a complaint of an armed robbery at the Fox and Hound Bar in Innisfail. It was reported that two masked males wearing oil patch style coveralls entered armed with sawed off barrelled type weapons demanding cash. Both males fired their weapons into the floor and an altercation ensued with a patron. Both were able to escape and flee in a white SUV type vehicle driven by a female with an undisclosed amount of cash.
The Innisfail RCMP is requesting the public's assistance for any information surrounding this Armed Robbery.
Anyone with information is asked to call the Innisfail RCMP at 403-227-3342. Those wishing to remain anonymous can call Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477 (TIPS), or at www.tipsubmit.com.
– Fawcett
MPs are to write a report on identifying a “working definition of Islamophobia”, appealing to hard-line Islamist and far left, Soros-funded groups to contribute.
The Party Parliamentary Group (APPG) on British Muslims launched their “appeal for evidence” Monday, describing “Islamophobia” as a form of “group based hatred or hostility” comparable to racism.
Their letter does not acknowledge there might be rational reasons to have reservations about rising levels of radical Islam and the growing influence of Islam in the West generally.
The call for submissions also also only mentions free speech concerns at the end, in passing, describing them as “questions possibly outside the scope of this report”.
They aim to develop a definition of Islamophobia that can be “widely accepted by Muslim communities, political parties, and the Government”, the document adds.
Baroness Warsi, the parliamentary group's treasurer and one of its four elected officers, tweeted: “To effectively challenge #Islamophobia we must comprehensively define it.”
APPG On British Muslims – Call For Evidence: “Working Definition of Islamophobia”#IslamophobiaDefinition pic.twitter.com/UVDDmpWXuu — British Muslims (@APPGBritMuslims) April 23, 2018
They also sent the appeal for evidence directly to the radical left wing “anti-fascist” group HOPE Not Hate — who just last week were forced to distance themselves from an anti-Semitic supporter — and the Islamist-linked Muslim Engagement and Development (MEND) group, formerly known as iENGAGE, inviting them both to contribute.
The APPG on British Muslims was launched in 2010 but was forced to re-launch the following year after a Tory MP and Labour Peer quit when “Islamist sympathisers” iENGAGE, which had repeatedly defended extremists, were made the group's secretariat and given parliamentary passes.
A report last year found MEND still promotes “extremism”, harbours anti-Semites, and gives a platform to Muslim grievance narratives and Islamist views, including promoting false claims of “Islamophobia”.
And, in the last two months, they have been slammed for “racist” attacks on a moderate a Muslim appointed to advise the government on integration and an outgoing Metropolitan Police chief compared them to a banned terror group.
Baroness Warsi also sent the appeal to the Muslim Council of Britain, which is accused of working with extremists. The government has also admitted they are linked to the Muslim Brotherhood, which campaigns for a global, Islamist, sharia state, and are banned as a terror group in some countries.
Tell Mama was likewise invited to give evidence in their tweet. They are an “anti-Islamophobia” group which lost government backing in 2013 after being accused of inflating and misrepresenting statistics.
UK Equalities Chief Who Popularised The Term 'Islamophobia': 'I Should Have Known Better' https://t.co/XzWhKC3B94 pic.twitter.com/CrXvqyqQSe — Breitbart London (@BreitbartLondon) April 10, 2016
UKIP London Assembly Members David Kurten was critical of the Baroness, telling Breitbart London: “MPs and Lords on the APPG should not be looking for feedback from groups which want to stop discussion or criticism of Islamic texts.
“In a free and healthy society, open discussion and debate are essential, and they should be actively seeking to allow freedom of speech, thought and conscience, rather than making rules and definitions which are likely to curtail the freedoms which have been hard won over centuries of British history.”
They attacked the very existence of such a thing as “Islamophobia,” continuing: “The word phobia means an irrational fear. It is not irrational to discuss, debate, criticize or express concerns about Islamic texts or customs.”
They added: “Islamophobia is already classed as a specific category of hate crime by police forces. The definition of hate crime is so broad that anyone who feels offended by anything anyone says or does can report them as a hate criminal.”
UK police and the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) frequently seek out, pursue, and prosecute claims of “Islamophobia” and anti-Muslim “hate crimes”, and the definition developed by the parliamentary group is likely to inform the law.
In June last year, Prime Minister Theresa May described “Islamophobia” as a form or “extremism” comparable to Islamist terrorism.
Recently, the APPG on British Muslims has made headlines for attacking a pro-Brexit group for an allegedly “offensive” anti-Muslim tweet and after publishing a report arguing that Muslims are not against Christmas celebrations.
ISTANBUL, Turkey (AP) — The Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for the Istanbul shooting that killed 39 people and wounded scores of others.
The IS-linked Aamaq News Agency said the New Year's attack was carried by a “heroic soldier of the caliphate who attacked the most famous nightclub where Christians were celebrating their pagan feast.”
It said the man opened fire from an automatic rifle in “revenge for God's religion and in response to the orders” of IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
The group described Turkey as “the servant of the cross.”
Turkish media reports say that authorities believe that the Islamic State group is behind the attack.
Hurriyet and Karar newspaper reports Monday cited unnamed security officials saying that authorities have determined that the gunman who killed 39 people comes from a Central Asian nation and is believed to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan.
Police had also established similarities with the high-casualty attack at Ataturk Airport in June and was investigating whether the same IS cell carried out both attacks.
The gunman, who is still at large, killed a police officer and another man outside the Reina club in the early hours of 2017 before firing at people partying inside.
Nearly two-thirds of the dead were foreigners, many from the Middle East.
The Anadolu news agency, citing unidentified Turkish justice ministry officials, says 11 those killed by a gunman who escaped were Turkish nationals and one was a Turkish-Belgium dual citizen.
The report says seven victims were from Saudi Arabia; three were from Lebanon and Iraq each; two nationals were from Tunisia, India, Morocco and Jordan each. Kuwait, Canada, Israel, Syria and Russia each lost one citizen.
Sixty-nine people were also wounded. Anadolu says one victim remains unidentified.
Relatives of the victims and embassy personal were seen walking into an Istanbul morgue to claim the bodies of the deceased.
Turkey's deputy prime minister says authorities are monitoring hundreds of “provocative” social media accounts that allegedly support terrorism and foster divisiveness in society.
Numan Kurtulmus said Monday that 347 social media accounts which were determined to “sow seeds of enmity among the public” were under investigation, with legal action taken against 92 individuals.
Kurtulmus says authorities are working closely with social media providers such as Facebook and Twitter to shut down suspect accounts.
They say: “We are not going to sit by and watch as three to five social media trolls spread discord among the people.”
Turkey has prosecuted several people, including prominent government critics for allegedly spreading terrorist propaganda through social media. One of them, journalist Ahmet Sik, was arrested last week.
May 3 Kinaxis Inc
* Kinaxis Inc. reports fiscal first quarter 2017 results
* Qtrly revenue totaled $32.5 million, up 20%
* Q1 earnings per share $0.12
* Sees FY 2017 annual total revenue to be in range of $140 million to $144 million
* Kinaxis Inc sees full year 2017 annual adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of total revenue to be between 25% and 27% of total revenue
* Sees FY 2017 annual subscription revenue to grow 26% to 28%
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.21, revenue view $32.6 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Kinaxis Inc qtrly adjusted earnings per share $0.23
* FY2017 revenue view $142.8 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
President Donald Trump's merit immigration reform will save $1 trillion in various taxpayer-funded welfare and aid programs, says a cautious report by the Heritage Foundation.
The $1 trillion cost-saving generates a $3,000 saving for each American, and it is gained by halving one decade's inflow of unskilled immigrants who will be dependent on taxpayer aid during their working years and in their old age.
advertisement
Heritage's 75-year estimate uses the data and analysis validated in September 2016 by the prestigious National Academics of Sciences. The academies' September 2016 report — prepared by a panel of pro-immigration experts — showed that low-skill immigrants are very expensive for taxpayers. They are so expensive that American taxpayers are virtually depositing at least $140,000 in a bank at 3 percent interest as soon as each low-skill migrant arrives, the NAS panel said.
The Heritage report was written by Robert Rector, the foundation's in-house expert on immigration. They wrote:
To cover the future cost of one year's inflow of low-skill immigrants, the government would need to immediately raise taxes by a lump sum of $67 billion, put the money in the bank earning interest at the inflation rate plus 3 percent, and use the interest and principal to cover long-term costs. ($67 billion equals around $800 for each U.S. household currently paying federal income tax.) Of course, in the next year another 470,000 would arrive, requiring another lump sum payment of $800 per taxpaying household. The year after, another 470,000 will arrive requiring another $800 per taxpaying household, and so on… The future net outlays (benefits given less taxes paid) for the inflow of 4.7 million low-skill immigrants will be around $1.9 trillion (in constant 2012 dollars).
Trump's merit immigration reform would trim future legal low-skill immigration by roughly 50 percent in one decade, so saving taxpayers at least $1 trillion over the next 75 years, says the Heritage report. Americans will save an extra $1 trillion for every decade where low-skill immigration is reduced, Rector said.
By limiting future legal low-skill immigration, the RAISE Act could save at least $1 trillion. Additional large savings could be achieved by limiting future illegal immigration. These saving figures apply to only a single decade of low-skill immigration. Similar savings would occur by limiting low-skill immigration in subsequent decades.
That cost saving, however, would be bad for the business and government interests which normally receive the huge welfare spending once the low-wage immigrants use the aid to effectively buy and consume food, lodging, entertainment, transportation and basic education for their kids.
Trump's popular “Reforming American Immigration for Strong Employment (RAISE) Act” was drafted by two GOP Senators, Georgia Sen. David Perdue and Arkansas Sen. Tom Cotton.
The $1 trillion savings from reduced tax spending does not include the extra benefit of higher wages for Americans, especially for lower-skilled Americans, marginalized Americans and recent immigrants. According to Rector:
Metaphorically speaking, low-skill immigrants increase the economic pie, but they eat nearly all the increase themselves. Low-skill immigration reduces the wages of similar U.S.-born workers. An immigration-induced increase in the low-skill labor force of 10 percent can reduce the wages of low-skill non-immigrant labor by 3 to 10 percent. Some studies show wage losses as high as 17 percent. Black male wages and employment are especially hard hit. By reducing wages of less skilled non-immigrants, low-skill immigration increases economic inequality in the U.S., redistributing income from the least advantaged Americans to the more affluent.
Reduced immigration also reduces the power of the Democratic Party to expand government and raise taxes, Rector notes:
According to Cooperative Congressional Election Survey, the political alignment of immigrants is far to the left that of non-immigrants. Immigrants in general are twice as likely to identify with and register as Democrats than as Republicans.
Rector did not discuss the workplace impact of Trump's immigration reforms, which are already pushing companies to hire Americans, and to buy American-made, high-tech labor-saving machinery. That shift in investment is converting low-wage jobs slated for illegal immigrants into high-wage jobs for Americans.
Also, at least three economic forecasts show higher wages for Americans if immigration is rolled back, and numerous employers are already complaining about having to divert profit into wages or investment.
In their August 2 presentation of Trump's merit plan to the media, presidential advisor Steven Miller made clear the President's plan to raise all Americans' wages:
At the end of the day, President Trump has been clear that they are a pro-high-wage President. They ran as a pro-high-wage candidate, and that's what this policy will accomplish. At the same time, to the point about economic growth, we're constantly told that unskilled immigration boosts the economy. But again, if you look at the last 17 years [of mass immigration], we just know from reality that's not true. And if you look at wages, you can see the effects there. If you look at the labor force, you can see the effects there. And so again, we're ending unskilled chain migration, but we're also making sure that the great inventors of the world, the great scientists of the world, that people who have the next great piece of technology can come into the United States and compete in a competitive application process — a points-based system that makes sense in the year 2017.
The annual inflow of foreign workers is very large.
In 2016, for example, federal data shows that former President Barack Obama gave federal “Employment Authorization Document” work permits to at least 2.3 million migrants for U.S. jobs, and approved visas for roughly 500,000 outsourcing workers, such as the H-1B white-collar workers, H-2B blue-collar workers and H-2A agriculture workers. Those temporary workers were in addition to the routine inflow of 1 million legal immigrants and roughly 400,000 illegal immigrants.
The combined inflow delivered almost 4 million legal foreign workers to Americans' economy in 2016, just as 4 million young Americans turned 18 and began looking for decently paid jobs.
Many polls show that Americans are very generous, they do welcome individual immigrants, and they do want to like the idea of immigration. But the polls also show that most Americans are increasingly worried that large-scale legal immigration will change their country and disadvantage themselves and their children.
The current annual flood of foreign labor spikes profits and Wall Street values by cutting salaries for manual and skilled labor offered by blue-collar and white-collar employees. It also drives up real estate prices, widens wealth-gaps, reduces high-tech investment, increases state and local tax burdens, hurts kids' schools and college education, and sidelines at least 5 million marginalized Americans and their families.
Read the Heritage report here.
[India], May 31 (ANI): After living in the dark for 13 years, the electricity facility has reached Jagargunda village in Chhattisgarh.
The Jagargunda village where electricity facility has been restored falls under the naxal-affected district of Dantewada.
The village has a total population of approximately 898 people and there are about 199 houses in the village.
Reportedly on May 26, Leisang village in Manipur has become the last village of the country to be added to the national power grid.
On May 29, Prime Minister Narendra Modi took to Twitter and said, "28th April 2018 will be remembered as a historic day in the development journey of India. Yesterday, we fulfilled a commitment due to which the lives of several Indians will be transformed forever! I am delighted that every single village of India now has access to electricity." Recently, a remote tribal village in Amravati's Bulumgavhan in Maharashtra was electrified after 70 years of independence. (ANI)
Get twice-weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The team preparing the ground for a new visitor centre for the Painted Hall at the Old Royal Naval College have uncovered remains of Greenwich Palace, birthplace of Henry VIII and their daughters Mary and Elizabeth I – a “remarkable find” according to experts.
Two rooms from the grand palace – comparable in scale and grandeur to Hampton Court. A floor featuring lead-glazed tiles has been exposed and these are likely to be from the service range, possibly where the kitchens, bakehouse, brewhouse and laundry were.
One of the rooms was clearly below ground and contains a series of unusual niches, which archaeologists believe may be “bee boles” for hive baskets (skeps).
Bee holes have occasionally been found in historic garden walls, but it is very rare to find them inside, making this find even more significant. The niches were probably used for keeping food and drink cool in the summer months when the skeps were outside.
Nothing of Greenwich Palace survives above ground but, in its original form, it included state apartments, courtyards, a chapel, elegant gardens, a substantial tiltyard for jousting with a five-storey tower for viewing.
With the coming of the Stuart dynasty, and the construction of the Queens House, the old-fashioned Tudor Palace was neglected in favour of the new renaissance style, and with the designs for a new Stuart palace, the Tudor buildings were swept away.
(Image: ORNC)
In fact the new palace, which was being designed by Christopher Wren in the style of Versailles, was never built, and instead, Greenwich Hospital was created instead, which today is the Old Royal Naval College.
Chief executive of Historic England Duncan Wilson said:“This is a really remarkable find. The Tudor period is one which grips the public imagination like no other, probably because of the larger-than-life characters like Henry VIII and Elizabeth I, as well as the magnificence of the buildings.
“To find a trace of Greenwich Palace, arguably the most important of all the Tudor palaces, is hugely exciting. The unusual and enigmatic nature of the structure has given us something to scratch our heads over and research, but it does seem to shine a light on a very poorly known function of the gardens and the royal bees.
(Image: ORNC)
“The most exciting aspect is that the Old Royal Naval College is able and willing to incorporate this into the new visitor centre, so everyone can see a small part of the palace, for the first time in hundreds of years.”
Greenwich Palace was built by Henry V's brother, Humphrey, Duke of Gloucester, in 1426, and rebuilt by Henry VII between c1500-06. The Palace was substantially demolished at the end of the 17th to make way for the Royal Naval College. From surviving paintings and documents it is known that the palace covered much of the land on which the Old Royal Naval College stands.
Discussions are now underway over the possibility of displaying the Tudor archaeology in situ within what will be the new Painted Hall interpretation gallery.
(Image: ORNC)
Follow The Wharf on Twitter and Instagram @thewharfnews
Keep up to date with all our articles on Facebook
'The team is suffering enough, and they have given so much effort for our country,' says Kris Aquino
Published 2:11 PM, July 04, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Kris Aquino took to Instagram to defend the players of Gilas Pilipinas, who are under fire for getting into a brawl with the Australian basketball team during a July 2 match in the FIBA World Cup Asian Qualifiers.
Sharing an Instagram video including a clip of the brawl and quotes from the team's coaches and other people, Kris wrote: "I read some of the critical comments, and I felt compelled to make a stand."
"The team is suffering enough, and they have given so much effort for our country," Kris wrote.
"Hindi ba natin sila puwedeng damayan at suportahan ngayon na kailangan nilang maramdaman na ang mga Pinoy hindi nang-iiwan ng kapwa Pinoy? 'Wag naman sanang mabura ng ilang minuto sa isang gabi ang lahat ng magagandang alaala nung mga panahon na dahil sa Gilas naging taas noo tayo," they added.
(Can't we sympathize with them and support them now that they need to feel that Filipinos don't abandon fellow Filipinos? Hopefully a few minutes in one night does not erase all the beautiful memories of the times when Gilas made us proud.)
As a postscript, they added, "Kung pipili lang ako ng coach and teammates sa kahit na anong mabigat na trabaho, sa nakita kong unity and bayanihan nila – sila ang pagdarasal kong maging kakampi."
(If I had to choose a coach and teammates for any difficult job, with their unity and teamwork, I would pray for them to be on my team.)
Kris' defense of Gilas counters the opinion of celebrities like Gary Valenciano, Sam Gogna, and director Joey Javier Reyes, who expressed their disappointment over the players' behavior on social media. Other celebrities like Bianca Gonzalez and KC Montero didn't outright criticize Gilas, but voiced their support for the players who were not involved in the match. (READ: Celebrities tweet reactions to FIBA game brawl)
The now-viral brawl started midway through the 3rd quarter of the match, with punches and kicks being thrown from both the Filipino and Australian players. The brawl led to 9 Gilas players and 4 Australians being thrown out of the game.
The Philippine team lost the game to Australia by default, 89-53. – Rappler.com
President Duterte still has a chance to salvage the national honor by proceeding with their original plan to raise the Philippine flag on Pag-asa
On July 19, 2011, three of my colleagues in Congress and I landed on Pag-asa Island in the Spratlys. Our mission: affirm our country's sovereignty over nine islands and maritime formations in our possession amidst China's increasingly aggressive behavior in the area.
In the days before our trip, Beijing condemned the mission and warned then President Benigno Aquino III to order us to cancel it. The Chinese Ambassador went to the Department of Foreign Affairs to lodge a protest. To their credit, President Aquino made no effort to stop us. Instead, Presidential Spokesperson Edwin Lacierda told the Chinese our government practiced the separation of powers and, besides, we were not doing anything wrong since we were visiting Philippine territory.
A few days ago, President Rodrigo Duterte announced to the world that they would go to Pag-asa to raise the Philippine flag on June 12 this year. Then, they did the unthinkable: fearing Beijing's displeasure, they abruptly backed off. Duterte violated the basic rule of diplomacy when a small country faces a big country: you don't allow yourself to be intimidated.
Practically the whole country supported the President's initial decision to raise the flag at Pag-asa. There was great relief that the policy of appeasing the beast was finally over. Of course, if there were a credible Chinese threat to prevent Duterte's visit by force, the President's retreat would have been understandable. But there was no such threat; the Chinese were not so foolish as to threaten the use of force to prevent Duterte from visiting an island that has had a Filipino community since the late 1970s, when Pag-asa was made a municipality of the province of Palawan. The reason for the presidential retreat was more ignominious: Duterte backed off because they were worried Chinese President Xi Jin Ping might be offended.
Born to resist
Our visit to Pag-asa lasted no more than four hours. But it was hugely symbolic. The military garrison and community of about sixty people welcomed the congressional party, composed of myself, Representative Teddy Baguilat, and two other members of the 15th Congress. We also had with us then Palawan Governor Abraham Mitra, Pag-asa Mayor Eugenio Bito-onon, and Major General Juancho Sabban, the commander of the Western Command, who was one of the strongest backers of our visit.
We brought two Philippine flags, one of which was hoisted in a flag ceremony under a fierce noonday sun. Asked to speak, I remember saying, “"We come in peace. We support a diplomatic solution, but let there be no doubt in anybody's mind, in any foreign power's mind that if they dare to eject us from Pag-asa, if they dare to eject us from our rightful territories, Filipinos will not take that sitting down. Filipinos are born to resist aggression. Filipinos are willing to die for their soil."
After hiking around the island, enjoying its white sandy beaches, swimming a bit, and posing with the islanders behind a huge banner that read “West Philippine Sea,” we took off at around 4 pm. Our visit had made three firsts: Our flight was the first commercial plane to land on Philippine territory in the Spratlys. Ours was the first congressional delegation to visit the area. But the third was the most important: our mission was the first act of official defiance of China's aggression into our national territory.
President Duterte had the opportunity to accomplish a far more significant assertion of our national sovereignty than ours. For they are not just an ordinary individual but the principal representative of a country that is being kicked around by a bully.
When they said they would go and raise the flag on Pag-asa, they made us all proud; when they turned tail, they shamed our country before the global community.
They still have a chance to salvage the national honor by proceeding with their original plan. – Rappler.com
Former Congressman Walden Bello led a congressional mission to affirm Philippine sovereignty over its possessions in the Spratlys in July 11, 2011. As member of congress from 2009 to 2015, they championed an independent foreign policy, criticizing both China's aggressive moves in the Spratlys and the United States' drive to make the Philippines' its military satellite to contain China. Bello authored House Bill 1350 renaming the South China Sea the West Philippine Sea. They made the only recorded resignation-on-principle in the history of the Congress in 2015 owing to principled differences with the Aquino III administration, one of which was Aquino's concluding the Enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement with the United States.
.
Malaysian authorities say they have detained a woman in the suspicious death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother, Kim Jong Nam. Kim, who was in their mid-40s, was the eldest of former dictator Kim Jong Il's children. They died en route to the hospital Monday after some sort of encounter at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
The woman detained was carrying Vietnamese travel documents, according to police, and was alone at the time of the arrest. Malaysian media cite government sources saying closed-circuit cameras at the airport caught two women approaching Kim. One of them covered their face with a cloth before walking away. Police say Kim fell ill and asked a counter clerk for help.
Sources tell NPR their body was transported earlier Tuesday from one hospital to a larger one — Hospital Kuala Lumpur. An autopsy will be performed.
After growing up in Western countries, Kim had been living outside North Korea for decades. They were believed to have homes in Macau, Beijing and Paris. In 2001, Kim was detained trying to enter Japan on false travel documents. They later said they were trying to bring their family to Tokyo Disneyland.
The big mystery, if they didn't die of natural causes, is why Kim Jong Nam was attacked, and why now.
"I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post, from Kuala Lumpur.
British Prime Minister Theresa May called on Tuesday for an early election on June 8, saying they needed to strengthen their hand in divorce talks with the European Union by shoring up support for their Brexit plan.
Standing outside their Downing Street office, May said they had been reluctant about asking parliament to back their move to bring forward the election from 2020, but decided it was necessary to win support for their ruling Conservative Party's efforts to press ahead with Britain's departure from the EU.
Some were surprised by their move – they have repeatedly said they do not want to be distracted by time-consuming campaigning – but opinion polls give them a strong lead and they have faced opposition from their own party for them some of domestic reforms.
The pound strengthened by almost half a cent against the dollar and 10-year British government bond yields rose slightly after the announcement.
“It was with reluctance that I decided the country needs this election, but it is with strong conviction that I say it is necessary to secure the strong and stable leadership the country needs to see us through Brexit and beyond,” they said.
“Every vote for the Conservatives will make it harder for opposition politicians who want to stop me from getting the job done.”
May is capitalising on their runaway lead in the opinion polls. The Conservative Party is around 20 points ahead of the main opposition Labour Party, a large lead for an incumbent party two years after the last parliamentary election.
The prime minister's own personal ratings also dwarf those of Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, with 50 percent of those asked saying they would make the best prime minister. Corbyn wins only 14 percent, according to pollster YouGov.
But before holding the election, May must first win the support of two-thirds of the parliament in a vote on Wednesday. Labour said it will vote in favour of a new election, meaning they should be able to get it through.
“The decision facing the country will be all about leadership,” May said.
“It will be a choice between strong and stable leadership in the national interest with me as your prime minister, or weak and unstable coalition government, led by Jeremy Corbyn, propped up by the Liberal Democrats who want to reopen the division of the referendum.”
May will hope the election will boost their slim majority in parliament and give them a new mandate to put their stamp on domestic reforms in education and health and strengthen their hand in talks with the EU, which will start in earnest in June.
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
The White House on Monday doubled down on its stance that it is not planning to fire special counsel Robert Mueller, despite tweets from President Trump indicating their frustration with Mueller and the Russia probe.
“There are no conversations or discussions about removing Mr. Mueller,” spokesperson Hogan Gidley told reporters onboard Air Force One on Monday.
Gidley reiterated that Trump believes Mueller's probe into their campaign and Russian interference in the 2016 election is the “biggest witch hunt in history” and added that Trump has a “well established frustration” with the investigation.
The comments follow Trump's own tweets over the weekend, when they expressed frustration with Mueller and the apparent political affiliations of some of the members of their investigative team. Trump reportedly has also found themselves more emboldened in recent weeks to make their own decisions and has ignored the advice of their closest advisers, according to The New York Times.
Why does the Mueller team have 13 hardened Democrats, some big Crooked Hillary supporters, and Zero Republicans? Another Dem recently added…does anyone think this is fair? And yet, there is NO COLLUSION! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 18, 2018
The Sunday morning tweet was the first time that Trump has called out Mueller by name on Twitter, ignoring advice from their allies and administration officials who have suggested they let the investigation run its course. Trump has been vocal since they entered the Oval Office that they believe the probe is a partisan hoax.
After over a year of planning, North Cowichan has adopted it's Parks and Trail Master Plan.
Mayor Jon Lefebure says the plan will act as an overarching document over the next 15 years to guide council's decisions on how to improve the outdoor recreation in the community. They say public participation was a huge part of building this document – and it includes everything from biking, hiking and trail riding on horses.
Community Conversations were held in Chemainus, Crofton and Duncan in April last year, where close to 100 comments were received.
The NDP government says the Site C dam project was at the point of no return.
Premier John Horgan has announced the province will be going ahead with the Site C project…..
//www.mycowichanvalleynow.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/12/horgan-1.wav Horgan says cancelling the project would have amounted to an immediate 4 billion dollar bill and would have added 150 to 200 million dollars to the province's debt servicing costs.
That means, they say we would have nothing in return but cuts to services, an immediate 12 per cent rate increase and we would have to forgo capital projects like schools, hospitals, bridges and tranit improvements right across the province.
× ‘Significant' mudslide knocks out power, blocks West Seattle road
SEATTLE — A mudslide knocked out power to thousands of people early Wednesday morning in West Seattle.
Firefighters were called around 5 a.m. to SW Holden St & Highland Park Way SW. They say nobody was injured in the slide.
Seattle police called the slide “significant” and said Seattle Fire Department, Seattle Department of Transportation and Seattle City Light were working on it.
Seattle City Light said about 380 customers didn't have power as of 6:30 a.m. As many as 2,000 customers were without power earlier in the morning.
Transportation officials closed Highland Park Way SW in the area and advised drivers to avoid the area altogether.
UPDATE: Highland Park Way SW is closed between SW Holden St and W Marginal Way SW due to a landslide. Use alternate routes. pic.twitter.com/i9wxAhEbiE — seattledot (@seattledot) February 15, 2017
King County Metro advised bus riders to use the stop on 8th Ave SW, south of SW Roxbury St.
Transit Alert – Metro Route 131 is currently rerouted off of Highland Park Wy SW. Use the stop on 8 Av SW south of SW Roxbury St, UFN. — King County Metro (@kcmetrobus) February 15, 2017
This is a developing story and will be updated.
(Reuters) - U.S. short-term interest rate futures pared earlier gains on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve delivered a widely expected policy rate hike and provided details on its plan to trim its massive balance sheet.
Chicago Mercantile Exchange Fed funds futures traders had earlier stepped up bets against a third 2017 rate hike after a report showed weaker than expected inflation last month.
Just after the Fed's rate-hike decision at 2 p.m, (1800 GMT), they trimmed those bets slightly, but not enough to suggest they have shifted their view that a third rate hike this year is unlikely.
Traders now see June next year as the earliest meeting at which the U.S. central bank will next lift its target for overnight borrowing costs, based on fed funds futures traded at CME Group as analysed by Reuters. (Reporting by Ann Saphir)
Former Chief of Police with the Spencer Police Department Virgil L. Green announced Thursday that they will run as a democrat for Oklahoma County Sheriff.
Sheriff John Whetsel announced they will retire March 1 after 20 years of service.
"Today all of the citizens of Oklahoma County stand at a crossroads, our citizens need a Sheriff who will develop trust throughout our community and a Sheriff who has the experience to lead us into the future. And so, it is with a full appreciation of the awesome responsibility that comes with the job that I am announcing my candidacy for the office of Sheriff of Oklahoma County," Green said.
Green has been in law enforcement for the past 17 years. They were Chief of Police with the Boley Police Department for 12 years and Chief of Police with the City of Spencer Police Department for four years. Chief Green has been a member of the Oklahoma Association of Chiefs (OACP) for the past fifteen years where they served on the executive board, where they were the first African American Police Chief In the history of OACP to be elected to serve on the executive board. Chief Green also has served as the President for the Oklahoma City Metro Chief's Association.
Australian Rules legend Robert Walls has predicted a bleak year for West Coast in the wake of losing experienced players the likes of Matt Priddis and Sam Mitchell - tipping them to take home the wooden spoon this season.
Speaking on Fox Footy's AFL Tonight the Carlton legend, who won three flags as a player and one as a coach, said they believed it would take the Eagles some time to get back into finals contention despite their extra-time win in last year's elimination finals.
Asked for their tip for the team to finish last on the ladder, Walls didn't hesitate.
“I reckon West Coast, they've lost a lot of experienced players,” they said.
“They'll take a couple of years to get themselves up and going again. I think it will be a lean season for the Eagles.”
However, Walls tipped a far more lucrative season for the Eagles' WA rivals.
Selecting their likely top eight for the year, Walls believed Fremantle could be shock finalists in 2018 on the back of a favourable fixture.
The Dockers will play 13 games at Optus Stadium this season, one as the away team in the western derby and one as the away team against Gold Coast in round three after the expansion side was forced to farm out their home games due to a clash with the Commonwealth Games.
Camera Icon Can Freo cause an upset? Picture: Daniel Wilkins
Following Saturday's game against Port Adelaide the Dockers will have only one interstate trip before round seven, with four games out of five at Perth's new stadium.
Four of their final five games of the season are also fixtured at their home ground.
Walls said on the back of that, they expected them to sneak into the top eight.
“A roughie down the bottom there is Fremantle, and one of the reasons for that is that they play 13 games at Perth Stadium, so 13 games at home is a pretty good start to the season,” they said.
Robert Walls' 2018 top eight
GWS
Adelaide
Richmond
Port Adelaide
Geelong
Sydney
Melbourne
Fremantle
Donald Trump has called on Congress to grant DACA recipients some form of protection from deportation. And they have suggested that if Congress fails to give such protection to these law-abiding, gainfully employed undocumented immigrants — who were brought to the United States as children — then they might protect them, himself, through executive action.
Last month, they discussed the parameters of a “deal” on DACA with Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi — and agreed to a “legal status” for “border security” swap. Weeks earlier, Trump had contemplated holding the entire government hostage for funding for their border wall. But after their meeting with the Democrats, the president announced that they would not hold the Dreamers' future hostage to that demand, saying, “The wall will come later.”
All of which is to say: Trump has given congressional Democrats every indication that they do not see legal status for Dreamers as a painful concession to their enemies, but rather, as a good in and of itself.
An elderly NSW woman has become the sixth Australian to die in the current rockmelon-related listeria outbreak.
The woman in their 90s had significant underlying health conditions, NSW Health said in a statement on Tuesday.
Three Victorians and three people from NSW have now died as a result of the outbreak which was first revealed in February.
Nineteen people have been infected during the outbreak - linked to a single NSW farm - including the six who subsequently died.
NSW Health's communicable diseases director Dr Vicky Sheppeard says it's possible more listeria cases surface given those infected may not show symptoms for up to 70 days.
However there's no risk of contracting the disease from rockmelons currently on sale, they said in a statement.
"It is important to know that people fall ill with listeriosis every year but most of the cases are never related to an outbreak like we are seeing.
"Sadly, up to one-third of those who do contract the disease will die."
Rombola Family Farms at Nericon near Griffith in the NSW Riverina voluntarily halted production of potentially contaminated melon types on February 23 after authorities identified it as the source of the infection.
All affected produce has been withdrawn from sale and distribution.
The bacterial infection is particularly dangerous for pregnant women, their unborn babies and elderly people. It can also cause death in people with weak immune systems.
Dr Sheppeard said such people should always take care when handling and storing food and avoid buying pre-cut melons, salads, bagged lettuce, deli meats, raw seafood and sprouted seeds.
April 10 The9 Ltd:
* The9 Ltd - entered term sheet for issuance and sale of a total of 25 million shares, with par value us$0.01 for of us$30 million, or US$1.2 per share
* The9 Ltd - entered term sheet with IE Limited, and Ark Pacific Capital Management
* The9 Ltd- expects that the transaction with Smartposting will create synergies between The9's business and Smartposting's business Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Otterbein professors participate in research published in top professional publication finding STEM teaching techniques lacking in classrooms
WESTERVILLE, OHIO—Otterbein University faculty were a part of a recent study published in Science, a renowned professional journal, analyzing over 2,000 college classes in science, technology, engineering and math. The study found that 55 percent of STEM classroom interactions consisted of conventional lecturing, which prior research has proved to be the least effective teaching strategy among students.
Four Otterbein faculty members received a National Science Foundation grant for their portion of the research in 2013. These faculty members are: Joan Esson, associate professor of chemistry; Kathryn Plank, director, Otterbein Center for Teaching and Learning; Paul Wendel, associate professor of education; and Anna Young, associate professor, director of Zoo and Conservation Science program.
“A student active classroom is a better environment for students to learn,” said Esson. “The results show that colleges need more faculty training and higher standards for teachers to practice student centered experiential learning.”
Otterbein has a long history of questioning the status quo of education. Founded in 1847 as a liberal-arts institution, Otterbein was one of the nation's first universities to welcome women and people of color to its campus. It is one of the first colleges in the nation founded as a co-education institution enabling women to pursue the same fields of study of their male counterparts.
The research has been published in Science Magazine, Inside Higher Education and Science Daily.
Otterbein University is a private university nationally recognized for its intentional blending of liberal arts and professional studies through its renowned Integrative Studies curriculum and its commitments to experiential learning and community engagement. Otterbein recently launched Kindness Matters, an initiative in partnership with Kind Columbus at The Columbus Foundation, in its effort to cultivate and inspire kindness throughout the greater Columbus region. Otterbein is a recipient of the 2015 Carnegie Community Service Classification; a finalist for the 2014 President's Award for Economic Opportunity Community Service; and has been honored With Distinction by the President's Higher Education Community Service Honor Roll since the list's inception in 2006. It stands in its category's top 15 percent in U.S. News & World Report's guide to “America's Best Colleges.” It also is recognized in national rankings by Forbes and The Wall Street Journal. Otterbein offers more than 70 undergraduate majors; six master's programs; and a doctorate in nursing practice (DNP). Its picturesque campus is perfectly situated in Westerville, Ohio, America's fifth friendliest town (Forbes), just minutes from Columbus, the 14th largest city in the country. Otterbein's commitment to opportunity started with its founding in 1847 as one of the nation's first universities to welcome women and persons of color to its community of teachers and learners, which now numbers 2,400 undergraduate and 500 graduate students. Otterbein remains committed to its relationship with the United Methodist Church and its spirit of inclusion, and welcomes people of all backgrounds to Otterbein's Model Community. To learn more about Otterbein, visit www.otterbein.edu.
www.otterbein.edu
Otterbein offers more than 75 majors and 44 minors, as well as eight graduate programs. Talk to an admissions counselor today to get started with your future.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Francois Fillon (R), former French Prime Minister, member of the Republicans political party and 2017 presidential election candidate for the French centre-right and politician Francois Baroin sing the national anthem March 30, 2017 at a campaign rally in Quimper, France.... REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer
PARIS France's conservative presidential candidate on Friday dismissed as "fantasy" concerns that Russia could be interfering in the election and said they would seek a better balance in relations with a country that was nevertheless "dangerous".
Francois Fillon, who had been favourite to win the election until a scandal over their wife's work broke in January, has said European Union sanctions against Moscow are totally ineffective, creating a "cold war" climate that needs to be reversed.
The head of the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee, which is investigating the Russian hacking of the 2016 U.S. presidential campaign, said on Wednesday that the Kremlin was trying to interfere in the French vote.
"We must avoid these fantasies," Fillon told reporters as they outlined a defence programme that would prioritise defeating "totalitarian Islam" and review France's existing military operations overseas.
"There is enough unwelcome interference in this electoral campaign to not need to go and seek some in Russia. We're sufficiently capable ourselves," they said.
Fillon has said they are a victim of a plot from within France and has accused the French government of orchestrating their downfall.
They have been placed under judicial investigation on suspicion of embezzling state funds by paying their wife for work they may not have done. They deny any wrongdoing, but they have plunged far behind the leaders, centrist Emmanuel Macron and far-right leader Marine Le Pen, in opinion polls.
A daily opinion poll published by Opinionway on Friday put Macron and Le Pen neck-and-neck in the April 23 first-round vote on 24 percent with Fillon on 19 percent.
The Kremlin has repeatedly denied that it was behind media and internet attacks on the campaign of frontrunner Macron, who, contrary to Fillon, has suggested imposing new sanctions on Moscow should it not implement its side of a deal to resolve the crisis in Ukraine.
President Vladimir Putin last week met Le Pen, who has called for a closer alliance with Moscow.
Fillon themselves has come under fire from the left in France for advocating a softer tone towards Putin that contrasts with the Socialist government's hard line on EU sanctions put in place over their annexation of Crimea and subsequent action in eastern Ukraine.
Repeatedly attacking 39 year-old Macron for their "inexperience" and "immaturity", Fillon, a former prime minister, said Russia was not the biggest threat to France and should not be treated as such.
They said that provoking Russia by putting missiles along its borders or admitting states under its sphere of influence into NATO would just add fuel to the fire.
"Today, it's a new cold war even though our priority is to defeat Islamic totalitarianism," they said.
"We've always had a difficult relationship with Russia. It's a country that doesn't have the same democratic system as in the West so it's a country that is dangerous," they said.
"We can consider it an enemy and prepare a clash or adopt a second strategy to try and engage in a serious and frank dialogue to put in place conditions for peace in Europe," they said, adding that they would seek that approach if elected.
(Editing by Andrew Callus and Julia Glover)
Winning numbers drawn in 'Lucky Seven' game
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening's drawing of the Indiana Lottery's "Lucky Seven" game were:
2-8-6-0-4-6-1
(two, eight, six, zero, four, six, one)
Kenya's landmark Supreme Court ruling of September 1 that set aside the result of the presidential election held on August 8 triggered numerous commentaries, with a significant number of these questioning the importance of the role of international observers in elections.
Taona Mwanyisa,Policy analyst
From a cursory view of media reports, it appears many of the anti-observer commentaries are based on a general misconception that international observers gave the Kenyan election an unquestioned thumbs-up.
Their reasoning seems to stem solely from the court ruling which on face value paints a picture that appears at odds with the observations of the international observer missions.
This is problematic in that such contentions may have ignored the context in which observer missions arrive at their conclusions. They assume international observers were too quick to endorse the election and thereby legitimised a flawed election. Such assertions present half-truths and quite contrary to the fact when one takes a closer look at the facts and factors at play.
If anything, the Kenyan election actually buttresses the importance of international election observation and at the same time provides an apt case study and opportunity to review and revise international election observation methodologies. There are a number of issues from the election in relation to international election observation that need to be unpacked and understood.
Firstly, international election observation, though past infancy, is still in its developmental stages despite being in existence for decades. The concept's methodologies and processes continue to evolve, informed by different election observation missions.
Secondly, in most cases, observer missions are usually deployed in post-conflict countries or in emerging democracies in their first election experiences. The idea being that the deployment of international election observers will instil a sense of confidence in the electoral process and will “deter” election maleficence.
Thirdly, observer missions have also been deployed in countries with “developed” democracies as part of experience sharing exercise as well as providing a learning platform for election practitioners from countries that are still developing electoral processes.
The later dispels the notion that international election observation is designed only to observe the election process and supports the argument that it aids in capacity building of Election Management Bodies (EMBs). For example, organisations such as the Sadc Electoral Commission Forum deploy observers as part of their peer review exercise. They use these missions to share experiences and evaluate the work of member EMBs in the same field.
As a result, this has seen member organisations sharing infrastructure and members of EMBs embedded in the election bodies as part of capacity-building efforts. Recommendations arising from international observer missions have been used to inform post-election interface, as well as electoral review processes.
Important to note at this juncture is that international election observation on its own will not succeed in providing confidence in the electoral process if its efforts are not complimented by other oversight mechanisms such as those provided by domestic election observers and electoral oversight that is provided by political parties.
Domestic election groups, have over the years, provided oversight of the electoral process and have developed different methodologies to observe the electoral processes such as long-term and short-term observations.
Consequently, they have complimented the efforts of international observers. In fact, and in most cases, international election observers rely on information provided by local observers to inform their reports since they are not on the ground for long compared to the time spent on observing the electoral process by local observers.
The Kenyan election had, inter alia, three independent election oversight mechanisms, international election observers, local observers and political parties agents.
All three mechanisms appear to have been spot on concerning the election. They made pronouncements on what they observed.
For instance, the Election Observer Group (Elog) Parallel Voter Tabulation (PVT) project, relied on polling station data collected from the polling stations and signed off by party polling agents.
They noted a few issues and concerns relating to the voting, counting and tabulation of results at this level.
Moreover, issues and concerns they observed were issues that did not significantly influence the “outcome” of the election.
The issue with the election was the transmission and storage of the results. This is what Nasa, the petitioner, was basing its case on.
International observers made their pronouncement of the electoral process based on what they observed of the voting, counting and tabulation process. In fact, most of the preliminary statements issued by international observers spoke to and made pronouncements on the integrity of voting, counting and tabulation of results and questioned the integrity of transmission and the announcement of the results. In my opinion, they never gave the election a clean bill of health.
The Carter Centre Preliminary statement actually pointed out issues related to the transmission of results, “although election day voting and counting processes functioned smoothly, the electronic transmission of results from the polling stations to the 290 constituency centres, where official results are tallied, proved unreliable”.
This observation also came out of preliminary statements made by the NDI, the EU report, the Commonwealth and the African Union.
The Commonwealth Preliminary statement noted, “Our overall conclusion is that the opening, voting, closing and counting process at the polling stations on August 8 2017 were credible, transparent and inclusive”.
They avoided making pronouncements on the winner or on the results and this is important to note. They left room for the electoral process to be concluded and issues raised by Nasa, especially around the transmission of the results, to be addressed.
That said, the election in Kenya also provided us with the opportunity to review the work of the international election observers.
International election observation is usually undertaken as close to the election as possible to cut costs on deployment of long term observers. As a result, this limits their observation of the entire electoral processes. The danger in this is that they may end up making pronouncements on the electoral process based on limited information.
Observing the voting, counting, tabulation and announcement of the results does not give one an overall impression of the entire electoral process. Thus, it is imperative that there is strong collaboration between international and local observers that have the ability to observe the entire electoral process.
It is also imperative that international observers make pronouncements on the outcome of the election based on information collected from the entire electoral process and more importantly after the conclusion of appeals processes.
The election also called into question the role of electoral assistance, especially around the introduction of new technologies.
The fact that the results transmission system was breached and results manipulated calls into question the quality of electoral assistance provided to the EMB by international electoral IT experts. Systems can be breached and systems can be hacked, but what was worrying in this election is the seemingly easy manner in which it was done.
In terms of best practice, the electronic transmission of polling station results allowed the IEBC to present the aggregated presidential vote at the national level and thus providing an opportunity to electoral oversight bodies to compare their election results with those of IEBC. In fact, this is a process that should be adopted by most EMBs, especially those going for elections such as Zimbabwe.
As a result, this allowed Nasa to provide evidence of election results manipulation and thus strengthen its case.
Moreover, the announcement and posting of election results allowed parties to collect the results and conduct parallel voter tabulation processes that may have highlighted manipulation of election results by the IEBC.
It is important that political parties conduct robust party agent training at local level on how to capture and transmit polling station results to their party headquarters for purposes of providing alternative data on the election results.
In response to the anti-observer commentaries I wish to persuade them that the Kenyan scenario in effect actually highlights that the work of international election observers still remains relevant. It however also equally highlights the need to review some aspects of international election observation work
Admittedly, the electoral process like many others was far from perfect, but we should commend the people of Kenya for conducting a transparent and open electoral process up and until the results transmission process.
Clearly, the lessons that can be drawn from all is that the international election observation still remain relevant.
Recommendations from the statements of these election observer groups, including local groups, should be harnessed to inform post-election review efforts and prepare stakeholders for the October 26 elections.
Mwanyisa is a specialist in election-related assistance to electoral management bodies, political parties, civil society organisations, civil registries and law enforcement agencies. The views in this article are theirs and do not reflect views of organisations they work with, past or present. They can be contacted on tanyaona@gmail.com
Glaciologist Dr Ben Galton-Fenzi says more of Antarctica's huge Totten Glacier is floating on the ocean than previously thought, increasing its potential sea level contribution.
But Ressie Fos, who chairs the United Filipino Organizations in Qatar, expressed fears that prices of basic goods and commodities might shoot up
Published 5:09 PM, June 13, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – A week into the blockade issued by the Saudi-led bloc of nations against Qatar, overseas Filipino workers (OFWs) in the country are yet to experience any disturbance to their daily lives.
“It's business as usual and no change since the issue started,” Qatar OFW Jennie Martin told Rappler when asked about the situation in the country now embroiled in the region's worst diplomatic crisis in years.
Martin confirmed that some Qataris went panic-buying when the blockade was first announced, but most remain calm. "We are very much okay here and [resources are not scarce], so nothing to be scared of.”
Ramie Magdasal, a Filipino accountant in Qatar said too that “nothing has changed” since the blockade was announced.
Filipinos were scared at first, they said, but they immediately went “back to normal life.”
Asked if they are scared for the future, the two OFWs said that they believe Qatar will make it through the crisis.
Ressie Fos, chair of the United Filipino Organizations in Qatar (UFOQ), told the Filipino Times that some OFWs expressed worries about the crisis but "only on social media, so far.”
“Lahat ng worries nasa social media pa lang. May nababasa ako sa Facebook na mga nag-stock ng tubig at supplies,” they said. (All worries are just on social media. I've seen people on Facebook stocking up on water and supplies.)
Many Qatari residents have been rushing to supermarkets to stock up on food items, reports say.
Fos, who leads the umbrella organization of some 215 Filipino organizations in Qatar, expressed fears that prices of basic goods and commodities might shoot up. “If this is prolonged and it escalates, we will be affected economically.”
Middle-East-based recruitment specialist Emmanuel Geslani said that “everything seems to be normal” for Filipinos in Qatar and that the Philippine Embassy has not reported anything unusual so far.
"At first the Filipinos reacted in similar fashion with the Qataris who stocked up on food and perishables during the first few days, but normalcy has returned to Qatar with food coming from other sources,” Geslani said.
Nonetheless, they said the crisis may affect Qatar OFWs, especially household service workers (HSWs) whose employers are from Middle East countries which issued a blockade against Qatar. They have to leave the country and their work. This might cause some OFWs to be laid off, Geslani said.
"Unless the diplomatic is resolved soon, a rippling effect will be felt by Filipinos in the Middle East by a lingering crisis between Qatar and the the 9 other Middle East countries,” they said.
Geslani branded as a “knee-jerk reaction” the suspension of deployment of Filipino workers to Qatar which the Department of Labor and Employment issued but immediately repealed. “I would have recommended first a consultation with the stakeholders of the industry,” they said.
On June 5, Monday, Gulf states – including Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain, and Egypt – cut ties with Qatar. The Gulf countries accused gas-rich Qatar of supporting terrorism in the region. Qatar, in response, said that the accusations hurled against it were "unjustified" and aimed at putting Doha under political “guardianship.”
According to a 2017 population report from seasoned Qatar-based journalist Priya DSouza, there are as many as 260,000 Filipinos living in Qatar as of January 2017, making it the 4th biggest group of foreign workers in Qatar. (READ: 'FAST FACTS: How big is the Filipino community in Qatar?' )
Qatar also has the fourth biggest Filipino population in the Middle East, next only to Saudi Arabia, UAE, and Kuwait, according to 2015 data from the Philippine Statistics Authority. – Rappler.com
On May 15, multiple individuals were arrested by the Yadkin County Sheriff's Office following a year-long investigation into the manufacturing and sale of methamphetamine. Among those charged were 46-year-old Tammy Lynette Cass and 53-year-old Jerry Lee Sharpe, both of Yadkinville.
The Yadkin County Sheriff's Office, Davie County Sheriff's Office and the North Carolina State Bureau of Investigation executed a search warrant on Sanford Drive in Yadkinville on April 6. Following the search warrant and a thorough investigation, the following subjects were arrested by the Yadkin County Sheriff's Office and the Davie County Sheriff's Office.
Cass was arrested on charges of trafficking methamphetamine by possession and manufacturing (two counts), conspiracy to traffic methamphetamine (one count), manufacture methamphetamine (one count), possession of precursor chemicals for manufacturing methamphetamine (six counts), felony conspiracy to manufacture methamphetamine (16 counts), conspiracy to sell/deliver methamphetamine (one count), possession with intent to manufacture, sell and deliver marijuana (one count), conspiracy to sell/deliver marijuana (one count), maintaining a drug dwelling (one count) and possession of drug paraphernalia (one count). Cass received a $315,000 secured bond and a court date of June 13.
Sharpe faces charges of trafficking methamphetamine by possession and manufacturing (two counts), conspiracy to traffic methamphetamine (one count), manufacture methamphetamine (one count), possession of precursor chemicals for manufacturing methamphetamine (six counts), felony conspiracy to manufacture methamphetamine (16 counts), possession with intent to manufacture, sell and deliver methamphetamine (one count), possession with intent to manufacture, sell and deliver (one count), possession of methamphetamine (one count), maintaining a drug dwelling (two counts) and possession of drug paraphernalia (one count). Sharpe received a $505,000 secured bond and a court date of June 13.
Also arrested and charged were the following:
Johnny Eugene Cass, 31, of Mocksville, was arrested and charged with six counts of felony conspiracy to manufacture methamphetamine and six counts possession of precursor chemicals for manufacturing methamphetamine. They received a $27,500 secured bond and a court date of June 13.
Cindy Leigh Cass, 33, of Mocksville, was arrested and faces six counts of felony conspiracy to manufacture methamphetamine and six counts of possession of precursor chemicals for manufacturing methamphetamine. They received a $52,000 secured bond and a court date of June 13.
Megan Lynn Collins, 19, of Mocksville, was arrested on six counts each of felony conspiracy to manufacture meth and possession of precursor chemicals. They received a $75,000 secured bond and a court date of June 13.
Mandy Sue Hawotte, 39, of Mocksville, faces five counts felony conspiracy to manufacture meth and possession of precursor chemicals. They received a $35,000 secured bond and a $35.000 unsecured bond. Hawotte has a court date of June 28. They also have one outstanding warrant for arrest out of Yadkin County for felony conspiracy to manufacture methamphetamine and possession of precursor chemicals for manufacturing methamphetamine.
Tammy Gunter Cass, 51, of Mocksville, was charged with five counts each of felony conspiracy to manufacture meth and possession of precursor chemicals. They received a $50,000 secured bond and a court date of June 28. They also have one outstanding warrant for arrest out of Yadkin County for felony conspiracy to manufacture methamphetamine and possession of precursor chemicals for manufacturing methamphetamine.
Brenda Brannon Sink, 52, of Lexington, also was charged with five counts each of felony conspiracy to manufacture meth and possession of precursor chemicals. They received a $50,000 secured bond and a court date of June 28. Sink also has one outstanding warrant for arrest out of Yadkin County for felony conspiracy to manufacture methamphetamine and possession of precursor chemicals for manufacturing methamphetamine.
The following subjects have outstanding warrants for arrest which had not been served as of press time:
Tiffany Dianne Smith, 28, of Statesville, has one outstanding warrant for arrest out of Yadkin County for felony conspiracy to manufacture methamphetamine and possession of precursor chemicals for manufacturing methamphetamine.
Randy Lee Sharpe, 35, of Mocksville, has six outstanding warrants for arrest out of Yadkin County and Davie County for felony conspiracy to manufacture methamphetamine and possession of precursor chemicals for manufacturing methamphetamine.
Kamen Tyler Hawotte, 20, of Mocksville, has six outstanding warrants for arrest out of Yadkin County and Davie County for felony conspiracy to manufacture methamphetamine and possession of precursor chemicals for manufacturing methamphetamine.
Kristen Dianne Cass, 19, of Mocksville, has six outstanding warrants for arrest out of Yadkin County and Davie County for felony conspiracy to manufacture methamphetamine and possession of precursor chemicals for manufacturing methamphetamine.
Tammy Cass https://www.yadkinripple.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/web1_cass_formatted.jpg Tammy Cass Cindy Cass https://www.yadkinripple.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/web1_cindy-cass_formatted.jpg Cindy Cass Johnny Cass https://www.yadkinripple.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/web1_johnny-cass_formatted.jpg Johnny Cass Kamen Hawotte https://www.yadkinripple.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/web1_kamen-howett_formatted.jpg Kamen Hawotte Kristen Cass https://www.yadkinripple.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/web1_kristen-cass_formatted.jpg Kristen Cass Mandy Hawotte https://www.yadkinripple.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/web1_mandy-hawotte_formatted.jpg Mandy Hawotte Randy Sharpe https://www.yadkinripple.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/web1_randy-sharpe_formatted.jpg Randy Sharpe Jerry Sharpe https://www.yadkinripple.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/web1_sharpe_formatted.jpg Jerry Sharpe Sink https://www.yadkinripple.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/web1_sink_formatted.jpg Sink Smith https://www.yadkinripple.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/web1_smith_formatted.jpg Smith Tammy Gunter Cass https://www.yadkinripple.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/web1_tammy-cass_formatted.jpg Tammy Gunter Cass
BOCA RATON, Fla. — Tyree Griffin scored 21 points, Dominic Magee added 16 more and Southern Miss held off Florida Atlantic in the second half for a 77-66 win Saturday night.
Southern Miss (12-12, 5-6 Conference-USA) closed out the first half with a 22-6 run that included a pair of 3-pointers from D'Angelo Richardson to take a 38-21 advantage into the break, but had to scramble in the second half as Florida Atlantic closed in. The Owls (10-13, 4-7) outscored Southern Miss 45-39 in the final 20 minutes and cut the deficit to 71-66 after a pair of free throws from William Pfister with 37 seconds left.
Cortez Edwards, who finished with 15 points, dropped in a layup at the other end to stretch the Southern Miss advantage back to seven and the Owls were held scoreless the rest of the way as the Golden Eagles sealed it from the free throw line, snapping a two-game skid.
Richardson had 10 points for Southern Miss, which shot 52 per cent from the field, including 8 for 12 from 3-point range.
The search for the Cleveland man who allegedly posted a video of themselves shooting an elderly man on Facebook has gone national.
At a Monday afternoon press conference, authorities acknowledged that Steve Stephens, 37, could be “anywhere” — and they urged the public to call in tips of the man's whereabouts.
“This is now a national search,” said Chief Calvin Williams of the Cleveland police. “We don't know where they are.”
However, authorities believe that Stephens is still likely close to home. “There is no indication that they have left the Cleveland area,” Williams said during the Monday afternoon press conference, “but we can say without a doubt that he's armed.”
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
Earlier Monday, authorities searched several places of interest, including Stephens' home, where they removed several items and recovered weapons, Williams said.
Police believe that Stephens is still driving a white Ford Fusion with the temporary tag number E363630
UPDATE Homicide suspect Steve Stephens' actual vehicle has Ohio Temp tag E363630 pic.twitter.com/tE3r5u4BNN — Cleveland Police (@CLEpolice) April 17, 2017
Stephens — described as a 6-foot-1, 244-lb. man with a bald head and full beard — allegedly approached 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr. and shot them point blank, killing him. While attacking him, police claim Stephens said in the video that their girlfriend drove them to commit the crime.
Initial reports stated that Godwin's death was broadcast on Facebook Live, but police have since said that Stephens allegedly killed the man then uploaded the footage to the social media site, NBC News reports.
On Facebook, Stephens allegedly promised that there would be more victims. No other killings have been linked to them at this time and authorities believe their claim was not true, officials said at Monday's press conference.
An aggravated murder warrant has been issued for Stephens' arrest.
Early on in the investigation, Stephens spoke with authorities on their cell phone, but authorities said they have not heard from them since, as they have escaped capture, officials said at a Monday morning press conference.
A $50,000 reward has been offered for information leading to Stephens' arrest. Anyone with information is urged to call 1-800-CALL-FBI with tips.
This is a developing story.
AUSTIN, TEXAS — The stories told in a new documentary about Bill Murray are the stuff of an off-beat legend, taking the star to a Scottish house party where they washed the dishes, to singing with an accordion player in Slovenia and surprising a guy in a bar bathroom.
The new documentary titled The Bill Murray Stories that premiered in the past week at the South by Southwest Film Festival in Austin seeks the facts and tries to throw in a few life lessons learned from the man along the way.
“The first story I heard was the bathroom, where they put their hands over someone's eyes and says, ‘no one will ever believe you,'” Tommy Avallone, the film's director said.
Although the stories date back to the 1970s, it was not until cell phone cameras proliferated that evidence grew, and more people believed the tales to be true about Murray's antics.
Take Jordan Goetz, 34, an Austin furniture maker. They hosted a house party, and when the band showed up, so did Bill Murray. In moments captured on cell phone, Murray drank with guests, produced a wad of crumpled bills to buy booze when beer ran out and grabbed a tambourine to jam with the band until police came to quiet the party down.
They then talked to the cops, help negotiate a peaceful resolution and drifted into the night.
Goetz said if they had a choice of winning the lottery or the Bill Murray experience, they would take Murray.
“He's a homey. I see them in a movie and think they were at my home for four hours by my side chitchatting and hanging out,” Goetz said at the premiere. Murray did not attend the screening.
Other tales in the movie include Murray, 67, tending bar, taking orders, ignoring them and serving whatever was handy. They crash a kickball game and reads poetry to construction workers.
The interactions are brief but the memories are lasting, said the people who met him.
For the director, the film was about how Murray changed lives and gave people a pleasant story to tell for years to come. They thought about seeking comment from Murray on their motives but decided to focus on the people they affected.
“We never had the intention to sit down and interview him. We looked at the stories as Bigfoot. Do you really want to sit down with Bigfoot and ask him, ‘so what's up with the woods?'” Avallone said. — Reuters
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 28 Franklin Resources Inc
* Franklin Resources, Inc announces second quarter results
* Q2 earnings per share $0.74
* Qtrly operating revenues $1.6 billion versus $1.56 billion
* Q2 earnings per share view $0.67, revenue view $1.57 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Franklin Resources Inc - total assets under management were $740.0 billion at March 31, 2017, up $20.0 billion during quarter Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The 32-year-old television personality has officially been given the go ahead to bring back the popular American show on E! for a second instalment, which sees the golden-haired beauty mentor people who have been dumped or have battled with weight issues to help them overcome their personal challenges with 12 weeks.
E! News has reported the forthcoming eight-part season will feature new contestants who will open up about their confidence struggles, but this time the show will go on for a longer time to allow more time for the make-overs.
The ‘Keeping Up With the Kardashians' star – who is currently dating 26-year-old professional basketball player Tristan Thompson – will continue to have the support from a team of beauty and styling experts as well as personal trainers to transform the participants.
And the reality star is “so happy” their show is making a comeback, because they feel “proud” they are able to help other people who struggle with their self-confidence and encourage them to gain their “strength, stamina, style and swagger” back.
Khloé – who hosts and executive produces the programme – explained: “I am so happy to have the opportunity to help people who are determined to make a change by allowing us to share in their personal struggles.
“I'm proud to be part of their journey and contribute to each one of them gaining more strength, stamina, style and swagger.”
And E!'s Executive Vice President of Programming and Development, Jeff Old, is “thrilled” Khloé's show will be returning “with a vengeance”.
They said: “We are thrilled ‘Revenge Body with Khloé Kardashian' is coming back with a vengeance for another season.
“As the first season has shown, we were blown away by the evolution of the participants and Khloé's unique ability to connect, inspire and encourage others.”
May 2 Old Mutual Plc:
* Terminated its contract with IFDS for "bluedoor" back-end investment administration platform
* Has contracted with FNZ to deliver platform and outsourcing services.
* Expect an enhanced customer and adviser proposition supplied by FNZ to be operational for new business by late 2018/early 2019
* Preliminary cost estimates for operational delivery of FNZ system are of order of 120-160 mln stg
* New platform is expected to provide additional functionality that was not included in previous arrangements.
* Management estimate this would have cost in excess of a further £50 million and taken a further two years post migration to deliver.
* Decisions do not affect Old Mutual Plc's managed separation. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
The 139th annual White House Easter Egg Roll has given the internet plenty to talk about—including a classic moment between First Lady Melania Trump and their husband President Donald Trump.
As the pair stood at attention for the singing of the National Anthem, Melania and son Barron raised their hands to their hearts, in the traditional display of respect. It appeared that FLOTUS Melania executed an exceptionally subtle nudge for the president, who quickly placed their palm on their chest, as he's always done in the past.
*Anthem plays*
Trump: oh I know this song! Melania: *nudge* Trump: I know, I was just seeing if you would notice.. pic.twitter.com/BkJFzPrTMs — Tareq (@EdrisMeAs_Tareq) April 17, 2017
The subtle nudge from Melania reminding Trump to put their hand over their heart for the National Anthem pic.twitter.com/iswL9YMVWv — Lis Power (@LisPower1) April 17, 2017
RELATED VIDEO: Watch: Natasha Stoynoff Breaks Silence, Accuses Donald Trump of Sexual Attack
best nudge ever tbh pic.twitter.com/nax2qKJAEJ — jeff in real life (@thecultureofme) April 17, 2017
FROM COINAGE: This Is How Much It Would Cost to Paint the White House (And More Crazy Facts)
This time, however, keen-eyed viewers of the broadcast were quick to pick up on this small exchange between the pair, and it's become a online obsession for conversation and jokes.
This article originally appeared in Time.com
Police secure a side street as other conduct an investigation on the Champs Elysees Avenue after one police officer was killed and another wounded in a shooting incident in Paris, France, April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Christian Hartmann
An armed soldier secures a side road near the Champs Elysees Avenue after two police officers were killed and another wounded in a shooting incident in Paris, France, April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
PARIS Paris' Champs Elysees boulevard looked more like a combat zone than the tourist and shopping mecca it is on Thursday night after a drive-up-and-shoot attack in which an assailant killed a police officer with what appeared to be an automatic rifle.
Hundreds of police officers armed with machine guns, helmets or balaclavas and bullet-proof vests swarmed over an area of Paris popular with, but suddenly bereft of, late night shoppers, cafe customers and dance club revellers.
Days before the first round of a presidential election vote on Sunday, the attack, swiftly claimed by Islamic State, followed the arrest in southern France of two men suspected of planning an attack in a country whose jets are bombing the militant group's strongholds in Iraq and Syria.
Reuters reporters on the scene shortly after the incident said witnesses described a scene of sudden chaos.
"It could have been the end of me," said Chelloug, a kitchen assistant at a restaurant in the killing zone. They said they hid behind a police vehicle after six shots from what sounded like a Kalashnikov, or AK, assault rifle.
The attack car was an Audi, the witness, who declined to give their full name, told Reuters.
The normally bustling cobbled avenue, famed for its shops, tourist stores and nightclubs and a must-visit zone for tourists, was shut down by police as they made room for ambulances and emergency services shortly after the incident around 1900 GMT.
TOURIST SITE TARGETS
More than 230 people have been killed in Islamist militant attacks in France since January 2015.
Even though visitor numbers have suffered as a result, Paris tourist sites have mostly been spared from the carnage.
However, in February, a man attacked a soldier with a machete outside the Louvre museum saying they wanted to avenge the people of Syria, and in September last year a group of women whom authorities say had been planning an attack left a car laden with gas cylinders in a side street near Notre Dame cathedral.
On Thursday night, heavily armed police and siren-lit vans occupied most of the tree-lined stretch that links the Seine river, the Place de La Concorde and lower house of parliament to a World War dead-soldiers memorial at the foot of the Arc de Triomphe.
Helicopters buzzed above and armoured police toting machine guns ringfenced the area where an interior ministry spokesperson, Pierre-Henry Brandet, told journalists one police officer had been shot dead and two colleagues injured before the assailant, who fled on foot, was shot and killed too.
(Writing by Brian Love; Editing by Andrew Callus)
(Adds details, updates prices) * Indonesian rupiah slips after Jakarta elections * Incumbent Jakarta governor loses by big margin * Jakarta election won't have sustained impact on IDR - analysts * Most other Asian currencies down By Aparajita Saxena April 20 Indonesian rupiah, the biggest loser among Asian currencies, fell 0.26 percent to trade at 13,330 on Thursday when polls showed that Basuki Tjahaja Purnama lost their bid for re-election as governor of Jakarta to Anies Baswedan - a former education minister. Purnama or Ahok as they are popularly known, who was seen as a foreign-friendly candidate, lost Wednesday's election by a huge margin, a surprise as most opinion polls had pointed to a neck and neck race between the two candidates. The rupiah opened 0.19 percent lower versus the dollar on Thursday, following a market holiday on Wednesday, and fell further during the morning session in reaction to the election results. But while most analysts do not expect the election results to have a sustained impact on the rupiah market, Nomura said Purnama's defeat was slightly negative for the rupiah in the near term. "Foreign investors and media were very impressed by Jakarta's acceptance (as reflected in Purnama's high approval ratings) of a non-Muslim, ethnic-Chinese Governor, and their loss will likely cause them to question Indonesia's level of religious tolerance," Nomura said in a note. The precursor to this key election was a campaign that incited political and religious tensions in the world's most populous Muslim country. Investors also eased their positions in the Indonesian stock market, which fell marginally, following the election results, and parked their money in the three year Indonesian benchmark bond instead, the yields on which fell to 6.613 percent, the lowest level in around five months. More than a third of outstanding Indonesian government bonds are held by foreigners. Other factor that kept the currency subdued was a key economic policy meeting later in the day, where the central bank is widely expected to keep interest rate steady, according to a Reuters poll. OTHER ASIAN CURRENCIES Most other Asian currencies also fell on Thursday, as traders pared back bets ahead of the French presidential election, while weak U.S. data, and tensions around North Korea conflict added to uncertainty. France's presidential election is being closely watched as the stakes for investors are high, with two anti-EU, anti-euro candidates among the four seen still in contention to make it to a second round two weeks after Sunday's ballot. The dollar index further weighed on EM currencies, creeping up 0.06 percent in Asian trading on Thursday, against a basket of six major rivals. The Malaysian ringgit fell 0.02 percent versus the U.S. dollar, while the Taiwan dollar dropped to 30.423 ahead of export orders data which is expected to show an expansion in March, a Reuters poll showed. The pace of growth, however, is seen halving from February. The Thai baht rose marginally after the central bank said Wednesday it is ready to act on any excessive volatility in the currency. CHINESE YUAN China's central bank has relaxed some of the curbs on cross-border capital outflows it put in place just months ago to shore up the yuan currency, banking sources told Reuters on Wednesday. As of last week, the People's Bank of China (PBOC) is no longer demanding that banks match outflows with equal inflows, the sources said. This relaxation suggests China has more confidence in the yuan, and concerns about disorderly outflows have subsided, OCBC said in a note. The yuan was unaffected by the news and traded flat on Thursday. The currency slumped around 6.5 percent against the dollar last year, but has firmed nearly 1 percent in 2017, defying, for now, many analysts' expectations of further depreciation. A Reuters poll earlier this month indicated investors likely increased their bullish bets on the yuan to the most since July 2015. CURRENCIES VS U.S. DOLLAR; CHANGE AT 0426 GMT Currency The Latest bid Previous day Pct Move Japan yen 108.960 108.85 -0.10 Sing dlr 1.398 1.3983 +0.05 Taiwan dlr 30.423 30.418 -0.02 Korean won 1141.400 1140.2 -0.11 Baht 34.370 34.38 +0.03 Peso 49.835 49.725 -0.22 Rupiah 13330.000 13295 -0.26 Rupee 64.660 64.58 -0.13 Ringgit 4.400 4.3985 -0.02 Yuan 6.887 6.8880 +0.02 Change so far Currency The Latest bid End 2016 Pct Move Japan yen 108.960 117.07 +7.44 Sing dlr 1.398 1.4490 +3.68 Taiwan dlr 30.423 32.279 +6.10 Korean won 1141.400 1207.70 +5.81 Baht 34.370 35.80 +4.16 Peso 49.835 49.72 -0.23 Rupiah 13330.000 13470 +1.05 Rupee 64.660 67.92 +5.04 Ringgit 4.400 4.4845 +1.93 Yuan 6.887 6.9467 +0.87 (Reporting by Aparajita Saxena in Bengaluru; Editing by Eric Meijer)
Friday on MSNBC's “Hardball,” host Chris Matthews said Republicans who supported Donald Trump after the release of the House Intelligence Committee memo were “goose-stepping” like North Koreans.
Matthews said, “Did you ever watch those North Koreans goose-stepping in line, the same smile on their faces, everything is de rigueur? Your Republican Party is so much like that.”
They added, “Your numbers are so totally with Trump. Nobody liked them when they ran. They all fought him—all the Bushes and Rubio, everybody's against him. Now they march along, whatever Trump wants, they go yes, sir, yes, sir. What's that about?”
Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN
New England manager Gareth Southgate wants to make the under-achieving nation the world's top football power, however long it takes, they said in a New Year message on Sunday.
England have slumped to 13th in Fifa's rankings and have failed to make any impact at major tournaments for decades but Southgate is relishing the task ahead.
“We're 13th in the world rankings and at the last two tournaments we haven't got through a knockout game,” Southgate, who was named as full-time manager in November after a four-match interim period in charge, said.
“There are some obstacles we have to overcome but for me that's a great opportunity and the potential is huge.
“I don't have any fear in what lies ahead because I'm just seeing what's possible. How do we go to being the number one team in the world?
“We've got to deliver, we've got to work hard, we've got to work intelligently. I'm looking at what's achievable, I'm not thinking about anything else.”
Southgate has taken charge after a tumultuous period for England. After a poor 2014 World Cup when they went out at the group stage there came the dismal flop at Euro 2016 when they were knocked out by Iceland in the last 16, leading to the resignation of manager Roy Hodgson.
Hodgson's replacement Sam Allardyce lasted only 67 days before stepping down after being caught up in a newspaper sting in which they were secretly recorded saying it was possible to “get around” Football Association rules on player transfers.
Under their guidance England are unbeaten, if not thoroughly convincing, in four games with wins against Malta and Scotland and draws with Slovenia and Spain.
They have impressed with their realism and vision for the future though and has not been afraid to speak their mind.
On taking over they spoke of the need for some “humility” in a squad full of millionaire players.
Continuing that theme Southgate, who won 57 England caps, said they were concerned about the spiralling wages of young players.
“The very best players have that drive and that's why they get to the top,” they said.
“The concern is for any young player at an academy, who's not quite made it in the first team, but thinks they have because you get big money for having achieved nothing.
“If you don't have that inner drive, there's a danger you'll never actually get to be a top professional or be a first-team player. In years to come they could look back and have huge regrets.”
Southgate has already said Wayne Rooney will remain captain, even if the Manchester United forward is no longer a guaranteed starter in the first team. The former Middlesbrough boss wants more leadership throughout the squad though.
“At different moments you've got to have different people take that lead, whether that's being brave enough to take the ball or talking to the others, getting them mentally back on course,” they said.
“A lot of that responsibility over the last few years has fallen on Wayne's shoulders; that's got to be shared, that's got to be developed and that's not just on the field but off the field in particular.”
England's next game is at home to Lithuania in a World Cup qualifier on March 26.
COLLINGWOOD captain Steph Chiocci has defended teammate Sarah D'Arcy, declaring the incident where they kicked an opponent was “out of character”.
D'Arcy was reported on the spot during Friday night's season opener against Carlton for kicking Sarah Hosking and faces a nervous wait to find out their fate when match review officer Michael Christian assesses the incident on Monday.
AS IT HAPPENED: KICKING REPORT MARS BLUES-PIES SEASON OPENER
REPORT: NEW BLUE HAUNTS PIES IN THRILLER
ANALYSIS: IT'S TOUGH AND EXCITING BUT SCORING STILL AN ISSUE
The Magpies forward made contact with Hosking's groin as they attempted to get up off the ground.
“It's extremely out of character,” Chiocci said. “Sarah D'Arcy plays the game fairly. She's a really quiet and reserved kid.
Camera Icon Collingwood's Sarah D'Arcy is on report for kicking Sarah Hosking. Picture: Supplied Camera Icon Sarah D'Arcy and Sarah Hosking seconds before the incident occurred. Picture: AAP
“She'll be disappointed with that footage but we'll have to leave it up to the match review panel to see how that goes.”
Chiocci revealed D'Arcy was “disappointed” in their actions post-match but it's now out of their hands.
HOSKING SISTERS: CHARMED NIGHT FOR TWO BLUE TWINS
“It's a waiting game now but hopefully she's available for selection and can repay us and pay some good footy,” they told Women's Footy.
It will be Christian's first challenge on Monday, when the league's sole adjudicator assesses Round 1 matches.
Camera Icon Sarah D'Arcy faces a nervous wait on Monday. Picture: AAP
With no fines applicable in the AFLW, a suspension is the only sanction possible for D'Arcy if found guilty.
The force of the kick was enough for Hosking to be pushed into the air and off their feet before hitting the turf.
“Yeah it hurt, I'm not going to lie,” Hosking told Channel 7.
“I'm just glad I'm not a boy that's for sure.
“I'm sure I'll have a little bit of a bruise later.
“You don't want that sort of stuff to happen.
“We'll leave it up to the umpires and the match review to deal with that.”
Recent news:
AM Best upgrades Zurich rating outlook to stable
Catrin Shi 11 December 2017
AM Best has revised the outlook on Zurich Insurance Group's A+ financial strength rating to stable from negative, citing the firm's recent restructuring of the P&C operations.
The stable outlook also applies to Zurich's aa- long-term issuer credit rating. The rating agency affirmed both the financial strength and long-term issuer credit ratings.
"The revised outlooks reflect the strong corrective actions management has taken on the group's P&C operations, and AM Best's expectation that these actions will lead to sustained improvement...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article, then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
VB .NET Developer
A well-recognized company based in Cape Town is looking for a VB.NET Developer to be part of an amazing company. (Preference will be given to EE candidates). Qualification:BSc in Computer Science or similarAlternatively Programming Diploma Skills & Experience:Minimum 3 to 4 years' experience with: VB .Net, SQL Server 2012 / 2016 views, triggers, stored procedures, XML, Crystal ReportsASP.Net Development (added advantage)Android (added advantage) Job Description:Experience in system analysis, design, coding and testing.Handle change requests and provide quick and efficient solutions.Analyse business requirements and transform them into technical design.Implement the design to develop and test the functional requirements. Let us assist you with your career. Connect with us on www.communicate.co.za and Register your CV to create a profile, view IT jobs and apply. If you have not had any response in two weeks, please consider your application unsuccessful. Your profile will be kept on our database and we will connect with you with any other suitable roles or positions.We also invite you to contact us to discuss other exciting career opportunities in our niche area!For more information please call, JUNAID KALAM on (contact number), quoting the Ref: CIT027272.
Learn more/Apply for this position
A A
VANCOUVER — A single-family residence at 4000 E. 18th St., in the Maplewood neighborhood, is proposed to be knocked down to make way for six apartments, according to preapplication documents filed with the city of Vancouver.
There would be four one-bedroom apartments and two two-bedroom apartments. The filings say they would be in two attached buildings that combine for 4,220 square feet. Nine new parking spaces would be put in.
The units would join 12 other buildings with 24 duplex units on the same property. Angelo Property Co., of Vancouver, is listed as the property owner.
Jan Klimas of Vancouver architect firm Wilson Architects said the building there had fallen into disrepair so the owners opted for a full rebuild.
Developers are to meet with city planners March 2. For more information, contact Andrew Reule at 360-487-7891 or andrew.reule@cityofvancouver.us.
× GOP Senate Intelligence Committee member calls for probe into Trump-Russia connections
WASHINGTON — Republican Sen. Roy Blunt, a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, on Tuesday called for an exhaustive investigation into connections between President Donald Trump and Russia and said the Intelligence Committee should immediately speak with former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn.
Flynn resigned Monday evening amid revelations that they misled Vice President Mike Pence about conversations they had in December with Russia's ambassador to the U.S. about sanctions placed on Russia. Pence had defended Flynn on television and denied they discussed sanctions after initial reports of the conversations.
“I think everybody needs that investigation to happen,” Blunt said on KTRS radio. “And the Senate Intelligence Committee, again that I serve on, has been given the principle responsibility to look into this, and I think that we should look into it exhaustively so that at the end of this process, nobody wonders whether there was a stone left unturned, and shouldn't reach conclusions before you have the information that you need to have to make those conclusions.”
“But the Senate Intelligence Committee is looking at this,” they continued. “I would think that we should talk to Gen. Flynn very soon and that should answer a lot of questions. What did they know? What did they do? And is there any reason to believe that anybody knew that and didn't take the kind of action they should have taken?
“For all of us, finding out if there's a problem or not and sooner rather than later is the right thing to do,” they added.
Earlier the Missouri senator said the national security adviser needed to be trustworthy.
“The national security adviser of all the people that work with and for the president has to be absolutely trustworthy and truthful and apparently they aren't and they paid the price for that…” Blunt said. “In this case absolute trustworthiness is the most important thing, even better than, even more important than knowledge, you've got to trust what the national security adviser says and apparently that wasn't gonna be the case here.”
GREEN BAY, Wis. — Allie LeClaire scored 22 points, Jessica Lindstrom added 19 and No. 20 Green Bay won its 10th straight game, 75-68 over Wright State on Saturday.
Karly Murphy added 14 for the Phoenix (21-2, 11-1 Horizon) and Caitlyn Hibner had 11 points and a career-high 10 rebounds. Chelsea Welch scored 24 points and Mackenzie Taylor 17 for the Raiders (16-8, 7-5).
After a 3-pointer by Emily Vogelpohl gave Wright State a 45-38 lead to open the third quarter, the Raiders missed their next six shots. But a basket by Welch at the 4:04 mark put the Raiders on top 49-48. However, they missed their next 12 shots, Green Bay scored the first 10 points of the fourth quarter and held on, making 6 of 8 free throws in the last 30 seconds.
Wright State made 5 of 25 shots in the second half but was 14 of 18 from the foul line. Green Bay shot 60 per cent in the second half.
A boardwalk between restaurants with a beach view is about to become a reality in Biloxi.
The work continues on the boardwalk designed to connect a group of restaurants and businesses in West Biloxi.
Manager of Snapper's Seafood Restaurant Brian Bublavek thinks the boardwalk is overdue. "It's something that ever since I've been down here for 27 years now I haven't seen anything like it," said Bublavek.
City officials said the final touches on the boardwalk are being put in place and they expect it to be finished by next month. "The hardest thing was driving the piles, now that all the piles are driven they're putting composite deck work down now which is going to go pretty quick," said Biloxi city spokesperson Vincent Creel.
With a price tag of $1.2 million paid for with Tideland Funds, the half mile portion of the boardwalk running from Rodenburg to Veterans is the first phase of a larger project and when completed the boardwalk will also have lighting.
"It opens up something completely new, night time traffic on our beach front," Creel said. "We'll have pedestrian traffic in a well-lit and safe environment where you're going to be able to go from restaurant to restaurant and enjoy your stay here if you're a visitor or a local it will be a new experience."
At Snapper's Bublavek hopes the board walk will result in more people finding their way inside their restaurant."I feel it will help increase foot traffic especially between the restaurant and souvenir shop," said Bublavek. "Hopefully it should be able to increase everybody coming in and out and getting something good to eat."
Eventually city leaders would like to see a board walk run the entire length of the Biloxi waterfront.
Copyright 2018 WLOX. All rights reserved.
April 13 Thescore Inc
* Revenue for quarter grew to $6.7 million compared to $5.8 million in same period previous year
* Thescore reports f2017 q2 results
* Qtrly average monthly active users of thescore's mobile apps were 4.3 million versus 4.4 million in q2 f2016
* Qtrly loss per share $0.01 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A WOMAN is expected to be charged this morning with the stabbing of a man at St Marys.
The alleged attack occurred in Walsh Avenue just after 10.30pm last night.
Police rushed to the scene and arrested a 27-year-old woman over the stabbing.
Paramedics were also dispatched to the address but it is understood the man's injuries are not life-threatening.
It's believed the suspect and the victim are known to each other.
Police are investigating the incident and ask anyone with information to contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000, or report online at www.crimestopperssa.com.au
FOLLOW THE BREAKING NEWS BLOG FOR THE LATEST
ADELAIDE 36ers coach Joey Wright has warned that “somebody's going to get hurt” in Sunday's re-match against the Perth Wildcats if their team doesn't improve.
The Wildcats beat Adelaide 111-90 but an explosive finish has set the scene for an extraordinary re-match in South Australia.
The game erupted when Brendan Teys heavily fouled Perth debutant Lochlan Cummings with less than one second to play. Dexter Kernich-Drew quickly flattened Teys, sparking an all-in brawl.
Kernich-Drew, Teys, Lucas Walker and Shannon Shorter were ejected while Bryce Cotton and Jean-Pierre Tokoto had to be restrained on the bench.
Shorter then left the arena through Perth's huddle, prompting further aggravation.
Players from both sides become involved in the melee.Picture: Getty Images
The final quarter had already included three unsportsmanlike fouls as tensions soared.
“I knew it was going to come to that,” Wright said.
Camera Icon Adelaide 36ers and Perth Wildcats players brawl during their game last night. Picture: Supplied
“If we don't do a better job of protecting the obvious things, it's going to be like that every game and somebody's going to get hurt.”
Wildcats coach Trevor Gleeson believed the brawl wouldn't be reviewed by the NBL's Game Review Panel until Monday, leaving the door open for fireworks tomorrow.
But they urged their players to remain calm and focus on retaining second spot on the ladder.
“There were niggles in there all the way through. We've got to be a little bit smarter out there as well,” they said.
“I'm happy that Dexter stood up for their teammate, but there are other ways to skin a cat. Reacting straight away is not the way. It's getting down, playing some defence, getting lock down stops and hurting them on the scoreboard.”
On an amazing night, Adelaide set a record for the highest first quarter score by a visiting team to Perth Arena with 36 points. By half-time, the 36ers led 61-60 and it was the first time since the NBL switched to 40 minute games that two teams had reached 60 points in a half.
Then the Wildcats shut down Adelaide's offence, continued to score freely and finished with their second highest score at Perth Arena.
Jesse Wagstaff won the Paul Rogers Medal with 25 points, Cotton also scored 25 points while Derek Cooke electrified the crowd with a string of athletic feats.
Hi Alaska Folk Fest fans. KTOO wants your favorite festival-related photos for our public art show “Folk Life”. How about that great picture of Buddy Tabor. A scene of kids dancing at Centennial Hall. A late night jam session. You're all invited to send us three images that we'll hang on the walls of KTOO for the month of April. The show will be super simple — no frames, just email your three images to arts [at] ktoo [dot] org by March 30th and we'll print and hang them. Then join us for a First Friday opening at 4:30 p.m. on April 6th.
Submission Guidelines
This is a community show, open to photographers of all levels and ages (even smart phone images!).
Photographs will be printed at KTOO on 8 ½ x 11 photo paper.
If you're really picky about how your photos are presented, this may not be the show for you.
Due to space considerations, KTOO may not be able to print all submissions.
KTOO reserves the right not to publish all submissions.
Participants are welcome to their prints once the show is taken down in May.
In addition to the public show, please let us know if we can use your images on our website and on social media.
Please send us the highest resolution possible, we can work with your Facebook photos.
Submit to arts [at] ktoo [dot] org (if the file sizes are large, please send each photo in a separate email).
Please provide your name (as you would like it printed) and each of the photo titles.
(Event photo of Jason Overby by Annie Bartholomew)
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
CLEVELAND — Collin Sexton badly wanted to play with LeBron James. Their first season will be much different than they hoped.
Sexton signed their rookie contract on Wednesday with the Cleveland Cavaliers, who are taking their first steps since James announced he's leaving to sign a four-year, $154 million contract with the Los Angeles Lakers.
When the Cavs drafted Sexton with the No. 8 pick last month, the Alabama guard instantly pleaded with James to re-sign with the Cavs.
"LeBron, let's do it," Sexton said in a TV interview moments after they were picked. "I've seen you needed a few extra pieces this past season, and let's do it. Let's go back to the Finals."
For now, Sexton will have to settle for a four-year contract that could be worth $20.2 million over its length. Per NBA rules, Sexton can make a maximum of $4.1 million next season. The value is based on where they were selected. Their contract is guaranteed for two years, with the Cavs holding options for the last two years.
Cleveland made the announcement on Wednesday, a holiday treat for the team's fans still grappling with their emotions after James left for the second time in eight years. On Tuesday, the giant billboard of James that become a downtown landmark, and to some a symbol of the city's rebirth, was removed.
The team is hoping Sexton can help them recover from losing James, who led the Cavs to four straight NBA Finals and a championship in 2016. Sexton averaged 19.2 points as a first-year student and played their best in big games, leading the Crimson Tide to its first NCAA Tournament appearance since 2012.
Now that he's under contract, the 19-year-old can't be traded for 30 days. However, the Cavs are likely to hang on to Sexton after they spent all last season in need of a point guard after trading All-Star Kyrie Irving last summer to Boston.
Sexton will wear No. 2, Irving's jersey number with Cleveland.
Sexton is on Cleveland's summer league roster and is expected to play in games in Las Vegas later this week.
The Town of Prescott Valley has issued a Level 2 Water Conservation Alert for the town and the town's water customers in adjacent county areas.
According to a press release issued July 3 by Heidi Dahms Foster, Communications Relations Coordinator for the Town of Prescott Valley, the alert is being issued due to a combination of major mechanical failures and record water usage due to hot and dry weather conditions.
Prescott Valley currently has several wells that are being repaired, the release said.
"These wells, along with the other wells the town owns, would normally allow the water system to meet peak customer water demands," the release explained. "However, demands this summer are significantly higher than normal and have been aggravated by the extremely dry winter. The high water demand pattern that began in early spring has now carried over into the summer."
The release said the Conservation Alert notice does not mean that the town is running out of water. The overall water supply condition of the aquifer remains sufficient to meet 100-year demands and beyond for local developments as determined by the Arizona Department of Water Resources.
According to the release, Town staff and contractors are working to repair the wells and return them to service.
"Until then, this water conservation notice will allow the remaining wells to provide sufficient water for our customers," said the release. "We believe that this alert will be in effect for no longer than a week after the wells are back in service and producing water."
What is a Level 2 Water Conservation Alert?
The level 2 alert requires residence to conserve water by restricting water usage as follows:
• Irrigation, washing of vehicles and filling or re-filling pools, spas and wading pools is restricted to Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Sunday for those with even numbered addresses.
• Irrigation, washing of vehicles and filling or re-filling pools, spas and wading pools is restricted to Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and Sunday for those with odd numbered addresses.
• Washing of residential vehicles is restricted to use of buckets and hoses with positive cut-off nozzles. This does not apply to commercial car washes.
• Washing of paved areas (sidewalks, driveways, tennis courts, etc.) is prohibited.
• Irrigation of golf courses is restricted to before noon and after 7 PM. No restrictions apply if golf courses are irrigated with reclaimed water.
• Irrigation of landscaped areas is restricted to between 6 PM and 10 PM and between 4 AM and 8 AM on Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Sunday for even numbered addresses.
• Irrigation of landscaping areas is restricted to between 6 PM and 10 PM and between 4 AM and 8 AM on Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and Sunday for odd numbered addresses.
• Operation of ornamental fountains is restricted unless they are equipped with recycling pumps.
Water demand is about 12 percent higher this year than last year, which represents the highest water demand in the history of Prescott Valley. The installation of new wells planned for this year will alleviate this concern in future years.
Please direct any questions you may have to Neil Wadsworth, Utilities Director at 759- 3078. Thank you for your cooperation in temporarily reducing your water consumption.
Information provided by the Town of Prescott Valley
As details about the man who shot GOP lawmakers and staff as they practiced for a charity baseball game emerge, the Southern Poverty Law Center — which continually attacks conservatives and conservative organizations as being hate groups — issued a statement about the shooter having “liked” its Facebook page.
But it did not retract any of the criticism of Majority Whip Steve Scales (R-LA), who remains in critical condition at a local hospital.
James T. Hodgkinson, 66, of Belleville, Ill., who shot Scalise and four others, died of their wounds after first responders successfully stopped their rampage.
“The attack on members of Congress and their staffs today was a sickening and cowardly act of terror that must be condemned by everyone across the political spectrum,” Richard Cohen, president of SPLC said in a statement. “Any violent attack on our political leadership is an attack on our democracy.”
“We're aware that the SPLC was among hundreds of groups that the man identified as the shooter ‘liked” on Facebook,” the statement said. “I want to be as clear as I can possibly be: The SPLC condemns all forms of violence.”
“We have worked for decades to combat domestic terrorism and violence based on hate,” Cohen said in the statement, entitled “Attack on GOP Congressmen is Assault on Democracy.”
“Our hearts are with those who were injured today and the families of all who have been affected by this deplorable act,” Cohen said. “We hope and pray for their full recovery.”
But in posts on its website dating back to 2014, SPLC had repeatedly implied that Scalise associated with white supremacists and other groups the organization had deemed “hate groups,” including the Family Research Center where a gunman attacked the conservative, Christian group's headquarters in Washington, D.C. in 2012 and later told law enforcement that they were inspired by SPLC's Hate Map.
In its Spring “Intelligence Report” in 2015, SPLC implied that because Scalise lives in the same state as Ku Klux Klan members, they “associated” with them.
“In fact, Scalise, who hails from the same Louisiana parish as Duke and Knight, may have had some real affinities with EURO. In 1999, Roll Call reported that Scalise ‘said they embrace many of the same ‘conservative' views as Duke, but is more viable.' Scalise also reportedly told a columnist that their politics were similar to Duke's, but ‘without the baggage.'”
In December of 2014, SPLC attacked Scalise for allegedly speaking at a gathering that included white supremacists.
“Faced with an exploding crisis sparked by the revelation that the No. 3 Republican in the House gave a speech to a well-known group of white supremacists and neo-Nazis a dozen years ago, the GOP in Rep. Steve Scalise's home state of Louisiana is doubling down, calling the entire episode a mere ‘manufactured blogger story,'” SPLC wrote.
“Really? A manufactured blogger story?” SPLC wrote, adding:
Scalise claimed yesterday that they had no idea of the views promoted by the European-American Unity and Rights Organization (EURO), whose workshop they addressed in 2002 at a hotel in Metairie, La. And they were backed by an array of Louisiana Republicans including state GOP chair Roger Villere Jr., who described Scalise as ‘a man of great integrity who embodies their Christian faith in their life.' Villere dismissed the story broken by Louisiana blogger Lamar White Jr. as ‘an attempt to score political points by slandering the character of a good man.'
“But Scalise's claim of ignorance is almost impossible to believe,” SPLC wrote. “He was a state representative and an aspiring national politician at the time, and Louisiana-based EURO already was well known as a hate group led by America's most famous white supremacist.”
(MENAFN - Muscat Daily) Muscat- The third edition of the Free and Open Source Software Conference, FOSSC-17 Oman, jointly organised by the Communication and Information Research Centre at Sultan Qaboos University (SQU), and the Information Technology Authority (ITA) will be held at SQU on February 14 and 15.
The main theme of the 2017 event is 'FOSS Deployment, Strategies and Practices' which is a continuation of the previous conference efforts and in line with the proposal of the national FOSS strategic deployment plan drafted by SQU and ITA last year.
The opening ceremony of the conference will be held on February 14 under the patronage of H E Dr. Ali bin Masoud bin Ali al Sunaidy, Minister of Commerce and Industry.
Professor Hadj Bourdoucen, chairperson, Organising Committee of the conference, said that in line with the theme of the conference, the committee has invited a number of well-known worldwide specialists who are actively involved in various FOSS deployments, strategies and innovative applications and developments. 'This is to build an attractive and sustainable environment for networking FOSS users, industrials, researchers, developers and experts. Twelve invited talks on the conference theme are scheduled for the conference, in addition to a main keynote address, ten workshops, and 12 technical and research papers will be presented,' they said.
FOSSC Oman series, organised by SQU and ITA, is aimed at supporting the national initiative on FOSS. It is scheduled for two days and aims at disseminating the use and development of free and open source software for professionals, staff, students, and the community in Oman.
The conference targets ICT companies and professionals, researchers, faculties, staff, students and the broader FSS community. A number of well-known international and local experts in the FOSS field are invited to enrich the conference with topics, such as: Sustainability of open source security, role and opportunities of FOSS in public administrations, open source for the public sector, scaling applications for global communities, business management, business information systems, e-collaboration, educational Management and others. FOSSC Oman is a good opportunity to discover, discuss and exchange ideas in this field in the Sultanate. It also provides the opportunity to network different groups of FOSS users, benefit from insightful lectures, share mutual experiences and discuss potential implementation of FOSS.
Through its exhibition section, FOSSC Oman 2017 displays the national and international open source solutions and products. A number of workshops tailored with the needs of local communities were scheduled in parallel session with conference. FOSS experts from Industry and private and government sectors will present these workshops. Professor Bourdoucen said that this year the organising committee is offering pre-test on Linux administration skills. The test will be during the conference and candidates with the best results will receive free Linux exam vouchers to conduct the exam through COMPTIA organisation.
The Free and Open Source Software Initiative was launched in March 2010 during the Free and Open Source Software Symposium in Muscat. The broad objective of FOSS Initiative (FOSSI) is to encourage innovation, boost software development talent and skills and create the necessary resources and infrastructure to increase commercialisation and industry adoption.
MENAFN1402201701410000ID1095248633
A letter written by German composer Richard Wagner that underscored their anti-Semitism was sold to Jewish collector from Switzerland at auction in Israel on Tuesday for $34,000, the auction house said.
The letter, written on a yellowing double-spread sheet of paper, was penned by Wagner in Lucerne, Switzerland in 1869. It was apparently intended for the French philosopher Edouard Schoure, said Meron Eren, of the Kedem Auction House.
The buyer's identity was not made public.
In the letter, Wagner attempts to explain the ideas in their anti-Semitic essay ‘Judaism in Music' to Schoure and writes that the French were unable to discern “the destructive influence of the Jewish spirit on modern culture”, the Kedem website said.
Wagner, whose expansive operas are hailed as musical masterpieces, was Adolf Hitler's favourite composer and they and their Nazi followers embraced the composer's anti-Semitic writings and ideology.
Wagner died in 1883 in Venice, more than six years before Hitler's birth in Austria.
“Surprisingly, this letter came from a collector in Israel who probably bought it at an auction in Europe ten or 20 years ago,” the auction house chief Eren told Reuters.
Eren said that selling an anti-Semitic letter in Israel was “a problem for us” but that private collectors or museums focusing on the Holocaust and hatred of Jews would be interested in the item.
“We think this is the right thing to do,” they said.
Wagner's music is rarely performed in Israel, where it evokes memories of the Holocaust, although some leading musicians have called for an end to the unofficial ban.
African countries should be prepared for the security threat posed by the return of an estimated 6,000 African jihadists who fought for the Islamic State (IS) in Iraq and Syria.
A top security official of the African Union warned on Sunday that the Jihadists could bring back with them their violence and extremist ideology.
Smail Chergui, the AU's commissioner for peace and security, said African nations would need to work closely with each other and share intelligence to counter returning militants.
“There are reports of 6,000 African fighters among the 30,000 foreign elements who joined this terrorist group in the Middle East,” Chergui told a meeting in Algiers, according to the Algeria Press Service news agency.
“The return of these elements to Africa poses a serious threat to our national security and stability and requires specific treatment and intense cooperation between African countries,” they said. Tens of thousands of foreign fighters joined the Sunni extremist group after it seized vast swathes of Iraq and Syria and declared a caliphate in 2014.
But the group has suffered a host of losses to both its territory and military capabilities in the last year. Backed by a US-led coalition, Iraqi forces gradually retook control of all territory lost to the jihadists, declaring on Saturday that the country was now liberated from its control.
In Syria, the group faces western-backed Syrian rebels, jihadist rivals and government forces that are supported by Russia and Iran. But the losses have sparked fears that IS's remaining foreign fighters may now relocate, bringing their extremist ideology and violence with them. Some of the dislodged fighters have been found in Afghanistan.
Speech to Text for Jacob Sparks receives court date
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
a "21"-year-old facing "14"- felonies. in March -- police arrested "jacob sparks". police say "sparks" was downloading child pornography -- and found several videos in their home involving children under the age of "12". he's facing "4" counts of child exploitation and "10" counts of possession of child pornography charges. today -- they returned to court. a judge set a trial date for october second. their bond remains at "50"-thousand dollars with no "10"-percent. a chicago man -- who police say led them on a
PERTH criminals as young as 10 years old are being taught how to steal by family members and are growing up believing crime is a normal part of life, according to research.
Young offenders are also self-medicating with drugs and alcohol for anxiety and depression and to “forget their problems”.
An Edith Cowan University study of 87 children who passed through WA's Children's Court found more than one-third — 38 per cent — had a relative who was or had been in prison. And more than three-quarters — 77 per cent — had a family member who had experienced a brush with the law.
The most common age for a first burglary offence was 12. While money was the most commonly stolen item, 20 per cent stole food and 8 per cent took toys.
Researchers James McCue and Natalie Gately, whose interviews focused on burglary offences, said many of the children led disadvantaged and “chaotic” lives, which included violence at home and experience with the police from a young age.
“When we asked them about how they had learned to burgle, what a lot of them talked about is they had learned the skills of what to do from cousins, from uncles, from dad,” Dr McCue said.
“And they talked about some of the criminal activities that their parents or family members had been involved in, so it's a world that becomes very normalised for them at a very young age.
“What our research shows is 38 per cent are growing up in what we would call a criminogenic environment, so you've got other family members that are committing crime and I think for those people it does normalise it.”
Most of the children were disengaged from school — with just over half having been suspended or expelled — and lacked supervision or structure at home. Just 16 per cent lived at home with both parents and 10 per cent were in foster care or child protection.
The majority of the burglaries occurred during the day and were opportunistic. “You've got these kids that are wandering around,” Dr McCue said. “They'll knock on the door to see if anyone's home and then they'll check if there's an alarm or a dog or ... neighbours and they'll look through windows to see if there are any valuables.”
Dr Gately said none of the children had a desire for violence and would run if they were at risk of confrontation. The children, interviewed between January and June, were 84 per cent male and aged between 10 and 17.
May 3 Malibu Boats Inc:
* Malibu Boats settles litigation with MasterCraft Boat company
* Says under terms of settlement, MasterCraft will make a one-time payment to Malibu Boats
* Says as per settlement, MasterCraft also to enter license agreement for payment of future royalties for boats sold by it using licensed technology Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Prithvi Kanti Bandyopadhyay)
* For the midday report, please click
SEOUL, April 28 The South Korean won slipped to a one-week low on Friday after U.S. President Donald Trump said they would either renegotiate or terminate a free trade pact with Seoul.
Exporters held back their dollar sales despite the usual tendency to do so at month-end, with expectations the U.S. currency could extend its gains in the wake of Trump's comments.
The won was quoted at 1,137.9 to the dollar at the conclusion of onshore trade, down 0.7 percent compared to Thursday's close of 1,130.1 - the lowest closing level since April 21.
South Korean shares edged down, snapping a six-day winning streak with the Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) ending down 0.2 percent at 2,205.44 points.
For the week, however, the KOSPI, rose 1.9 percent for its biggest weekly percentage gain since mid-March.
Foreign investors broke six-day buying spree of the KOSPI shares, selling a net 23.1 billion won ($20.33 million) worth of equities.
South Korea's beef importer Hanil Feed Co Ltd skyrocketed as much as 30 percent on expectations that a renegotiation of the free trade deal could enable U.S. beef to freely access the Korean market. (Reporting by Dahee Kim; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
THEY are ranked 12th in the world and rely heavily on one man, Tottenham's Christian Eriksen. Find out all about Australia's Group C opponents Denmark here.
DENMARK
Game 1 v Peru Sunday June 17 2AM AEST
Game 2 v Australia Thursday June 21 10PM AEST
Game 3 v France Wednesday June 27 12AM AEST
Nickname: The Red-White
World Cup appearances:
1986, 1998, 2002, 2010, 2018.
Best performance: Quarterfinals 1998
WORLD CUP 2018: Every squad as it is named
WORLD CUP FLASHBACK: The birth of the Cruyff turn
WORLD CUP 2018: Every match listed here
How they qualified: Came second to Poland in their group and demolished Ireland 5-1 in their playoff.
World ranking: 12th
Head-to-head:
2007: Australia 1 Denmark 3 Friendly
2010: Australia 1 Denmark 0 Friendly
2012: Denmark 2 Australia 0 Friendly
Formation: 4-3-3, 4-2-3-1
Camera Icon Danish superstar Christian Eriksen scores against Ireland in the second leg of their World Cup playoff. Picture: AFP
Squad:
(Final squad of 23 players yet to be named)
Goalkeepers: Jesper Hansen (FC Midtjylland) Jonas Lossl (Huddersfield Town) Frederik Ronow (Brondby) Kasper Schmeichel (Leicester City).
Defenders: Peter Ankersen (FC Copenhagen) Andreas Bjelland (Brentford) Nicolai Boilesen (FC Copenhagen) Andreas Christensen (Chelsea) Henrik Dalsgaard (Brentford) Riza Durmisi (Real Betis) Mathias Jorgensen (Huddersfield Town) Simon Kjaer (Sevilla), Jonas Knudsen (Ipswich) Jens Stryger (Udinese) Jannik Vestergaard (Borussia Moenchengladbach).
Midfielders: Thomas Delaney (Werder Bremen) Christian Eriksen (Tottenham) Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg (Southampton) Mathias Jensen (FC Nordsjaelland) Mike Jensen (Rosenborg) Michael Krohn-Dehli (Deportivo La Coruna) William Kvist (FC Copenhagen), Lukas Lerager (Bordeaux), Lasse Schone (Ajax), Robert Skov (FC Copenhagen) Daniel Wass (Celta Vigo),
Forwards: Nicklas Bendtner (Rosenborg)Martin Braithwaite (Bordeaux)Andreas Cornelius (Atalanta)Kasper Dolberg (Ajax) Viktor Fischer (FC Copenhagen) Nicolai Jorgensen (Feyenoord) Yussuf Poulsen (RB Leipzig) Pione Sisto (Celta Vigo), Kenneth Zohore (Cardiff).
Rundown:
WHILE France has a rich array of talent on which to draw, Denmark's focus centres on one man — Christian Eriksen.
The diminutive star pulls the strings in midfield for Tottenham and Denmark, sets up and scores goals and possesses a mean free kick.
Eriksen needs little space to work in and is not afraid to hit them from anywhere around the box, meaning the Socceroos will have to be super-vigilant when they are on the ball.
It was Eriksen who assured Denmark's place at a fifth World Cup with a classy hat-trick in a 5-1 demolition of Ireland in the second leg of their World Cup playoff after the Danes finished second in UEFA Group E behind Poland.
Camera Icon Former Arsenal man Nicklas Bendtner is still banging in goals for Denmark. Picture: AFP
During qualifying Eriksen scored 11 of the Danes' 20 goals.
The rest of the squad are hardly household names but the team is more than the sum of its parts and have strung together a series of impressive results that have them ranked 12th in the world.
In Pione Sisto they have a quick and skilful left-sided midfielder who loves to take players on before playing in theirs forwards.
Upfront, former Arsenal man Nicklas Bendtner seems to have been around forever but is still only 30.
Three members of the squad play in the Premier League, with five still operating out of Denmark, two in Norway, one in Sweden and the rest in Italy, Germany, Holland, Spain and England's Championship.
Camera Icon Denmark's Pione Sisto (left) celebrates with teammate Mathias Jorgensen. Picture: AFP
Socceroos midfielder Aaron Mooy will know all about their Huddersfield teammate, defender Matthias Jorgensen (nicknamed Sanka after a character in the movie Cool Runnings), and reserve goalkeeper Jonas Lossl, who has been strong between the sticks for Terriers this season.
No.1 goalkeeper Kasper Schmeichel, son of the legendary Manchester United keeper Peter, won the Premier League two seasons ago with Leicester City.
Central defender Andreas Christensen played 40 games in all competitions for Chelsea this past season.
Fascinatingly, every one of Denmark's 27 World Cup goals have come from inside the penalty box.
Coach:
The appointment of veteran Norwegian Aage Hareide coach raised eyebrows in Denmark and a slow start to their tenure meant plenty remained sceptical. But the team gained momentum to earn its World Cup place and now Hareide enjoys strong support from Danish fans.
THE age of the alpha hole — the brooding, brutish alpha male that would set hearts aflutter in the bodice-rippers of yore — is over. The nice guys have won.
These days, the men steaming up the pages of romantic fiction are single dads, emotionally vulnerable Regency lords and bikies yearning to swap guns for groceries.
Gone too are the passive damsels with heaving bosoms; the modern hero is feisty and independent. “Love comes as a secondary thing to their quest for a fulfilling life,” says Stephanie Laurens, Australia's romance queen.
Camera Icon Romance author Stephanie Laurens. Picture: Supplied
RELATED: Read the steamy new Mills and Boon romance novel Off Limits
Whether the hero is a self-doubting doctor, a struggling farmer or a sheik presiding over an unusually progressive Arabian oil state, romance novels are Australia's hottest secret.
Whether the love interest is a self-doubting doctor, a struggling farmer or an unusually progressive foreign royal, romance novels are Australia's steamiest secret.
In print, romance is the third biggest genre, but combined with e-books — for which Australia-wide figures are not available — “publishers believe it is the second or even most-read genre,” said Adam Van Rooijen from Harlequin books.
Last year, Australians bought 1.4 million hard copy romance books, two thirds of them from genre publishing powerhouse Mills & Boon. They also bought almost 300,000 Mills and Boon e-books.
Camera Icon Aussies still love romance stories. Picture: News Corp Australia
The typical reader is a 40-plus woman who is married with two teenage kids and lives in the suburbs or in regional Australia. They read between six and 10 books a month.
They devour their so-called sweet romance in hardback and the raunchy stuff on their tablet; according to Harlequin, women buy four steamy e-books for every sweet one.
“It may be a shock to some people, but women enjoy sex,” says Jo Grant, Mills & Boon's global editorial director. “And they like reading about sex.”
Sex on the page is so popular that Mills & Boon is launching a new line of explicit fiction called DARE, which is targeted at younger women. “It's the perfect entry into reading romance … for those younger readers who think it's ‘not for them',” says Grant.
“The language, attitudes, power dynamics between the characters are firmly 21st century — and did I mention the hot sex?”
Australian writer Clare Connelly is a DARE author. Them heroes are still rich, powerful men — think billionaires in the Bahamas — but their heros are powerful too. “We are writing women who don't need a man, but when they do take one, it's on their terms.”
The brute may have had their day, but with so many subgenres within romance, there's a still hero to suit everyone's taste. There are warriors, vampires, Nascar drivers, aliens, and even the Amish (these books are known as bonnet-rippers).
Camera Icon Clare Connelly is a romantic novelist for Dare, published by Mills & Boon. Picture: News Corp Australia, Matt Turner
Laurens, a New York Times best-selling author, likes their Regency heroes manly, but they still “have to be able to recognise the heros' qualities and to value them. The hero can't be a testosterone-fuelled jock with no brain.”
Rural writer Cathryn Hein prefers beta males. They write about shy farmers, disability carers, injured war veterans. “I create a hero that I would fall in love with,” they say. “I like heroes like my husband, really.”
Rebekah Turner, author of paranormal romance (including one about a bikie werewolf with a conscience), wonders whether women are turning to kinder heroes because there are so many real-life “alpha-holes” in the post-Weinstein era.
“It feels [like] every single hero you had is turning out to be a sexual deviant, so you might want something safe and nice and comforting,” they said.
In decades past, there has been a whiff of disapproval lingering over the romance genre — perhaps because of the sex, or because it's for women, or because it still carries the stigma of being cheap, “pulp” fiction.
“We are a bit maligned in publishing — it has been historically seen as not worthy,” says Hein. But “people are discovering that these are not what they thought they were. They are not your grandmother's romance novels.”
(Grant, however, warns against judging a lady's tastes by their age; “Just because they are defined as a grandmother doesn't mean they want their romances without the hot sex.”)
Camera Icon Rebekah Turner write paranormal romance. Picture: News Corp Australia
Melanie Milburne, a Mills & Boon author, wonders whether the stigma reflects deeper attitudes towards female sexuality. “Somehow [there is a view that] women should not be enjoying sex; that rapacious sexual appetite belongs to men and not women. We come up against that all the time.”
Connelly says romance writing is a powerful antidote to the male-dominated porn culture, which rarely takes female pleasure into consideration. “I think Mills & Boon is a great insight into what women want.”
Not all authors write sex. Tricia Stringer, who focuses on rural romance, shuts the bedroom door, as they say in the trade. “For me it's about the build-up to the attraction. The rest happens, but I don't go into detail.”
Turner shuts it, too. “It's hard when you are trying to write something erotic and your kids are shoving Transformers in each other's eyes.”
Yet Laurens would not dream of cutting out sex. “My readers would lynch me.”
Sex is more forthcoming from the Mills & Boon authors, although writing it is not always easy. “I do find it really hard if someone else is in the house — if the dogs are barking, or the gardener is mowing the lawn,” says Tasmania-based Milburne, who has written 76 Mills and Boon books since 2004.
Connelly has learned to plough through. “I have two young kids and a tiny house, so I have become adept at just putting my headphones in and writing things that would make you blush,” they said.
Camera Icon DARE is a new series of Mills & Boon novels. Picture: Supplied
Once the passion is on the page, there are matter-of-fact discussions with editors about whether the sex scene is realistic, or pleasurable, or too adjective-heavy. “She might suggest we hold back on [the orgasm] until later in the scene,” says Milburne.
Connelly admits there is frequent blushing in their head office. “The copyeditor will come back with some finicky grammatical errors in words that are quite explicit,” they said.
There are no formulas for aspiring romance authors to follow, the writers say. There needs to be a love story, but that doesn't need to be the only plot line — they can be thrillers or fantasies too.
The only rule is a happy ending.
When Harlequin asked Australian women why they read Mills & Boon last year, they replied, “to escape”. Knowing the ending would be happy made it a safe, relaxing experience.
West Yorkshire Police have revealed what is at the top of a thieves list when out looking to steal your property.
Thieves look to steal property they believe can be removed and easily sold-on, especially if it cannot be traced back to the scene of the crime.
1. Portable Computing Devices.
Due to their popularity laptop and tablet PC (iPad) theft nowadays is a significant risk. They are portable and can be sold-on easily at a good price. There are several methods to protect your hardware that have been developed, including alarms, laptop locks, and visual deterrents such as stickers or labels. Importantly be sure to register the serial number of your device on Immobilise along with your postcode which can be simply written on the back with a UV pen and added to your account as an additional identifier. It is recommended that you configure a strong password and also perform a full disk encryption (FDE) to help protect sensitive data stored inside your laptop or tablet PC.
2. Smartphones.
These days more and more people are sporting these expensive gadgets. Smart phones are also high on the list of things to steal amongst thieves, and many people find themselves victims of phone theft when taking their high-tech phones out with them. When registering your phone on Immobilise include the IMEI number which can be found easily by pressing the following keys on your handset: *#06#
This is your phones unique number and the first thing police will check for when recovering property.
3. Cash & Jewellery.
Do not leave cash or jewellery lying around the house making sure you keep valuables out of sight and where possible place them in a secure place such as a safe. The risk for burglars is increased when your possessions can link them to the scene of a crime, consider taking photos and engraving your jewellery when registering them on immobilise as this will also aid the police in identifying crime and returning property.
4. Bicycles.
In the UK a bicycle is stolen approximately every minute of the day, perhaps worsened due to the increasing popularity of expensive models, which in turn can be sold far too easily via online auctions. Invest in a quality D-Lock and be sure to register your bicycles frame number along with any pictures you have on Immobilise.
5. Home Entertainment Systems.
Many new home cinema-type HD and 3D television sets are being stolen because they are valuable, light-weight and common-place in most UK homes. Register the serial number of your TV/DVD and audio equipment on Immobilise along with your postcode which can be easily written on the back with a UV pen. Visual deterrents such as stickers or labels will help to discourage theft by letting thieves know your possessions are traceable.
HEADLINER: Timmy the Teeth (American Fork, UT)
A self-described “Cowboy from the Crypt”, Timmy The Teeth has unknowingly found their way to the forefront of a new musical brand as genuine as their personality. Drawing from a tradition that spans a great deal of the traditional American songbook, Timmy sings about the kinds of things we're all thinking but not saying.
MIDDLE: Whippoorwill (Ft. Collins, CO)
Whippoorwill is in their element with raw, authentic, stripped-down performances that nod to icons Neil Young and Lucinda Williams. There is spirituality steeped in the country backdrops they write from and a deep reverence for the landscapes that raised them.
OPENER: Jason Tyler Burton Band
Jason Tyler Burton is a wanderer, a soul-searching adventurer who writes songs about the journey. Their songs and stories are heart felt, reflecting a search for meaning and home, with a voice and lyrics that invite you to lean in a little, and really listen.
JUANITO Uvez stamped their arrival with a dominant breakthrough win and appears well placed to repeat that performance in a harder grade at Geelong Synthetic.
Leading form analyst Michael Manley says Juanito Uvez is the standout on the Friday card and has not hesitated in making them their best for the day.
BEST BET: JUANITO UVEZ (Race 8, No. 8)
They were well backed and they relished the Geelong Synthetic track last start when they led throughout to win their maiden by 4½ lengths in a time which was slightly slower than the Benchmark 64 on the same day. He's in a strong Benchmark 58 but they may again prove too good.
Camera Icon Thoroughbred racing heads to Geelong Synthetic on Friday afternoon. Picture: News Corp Australia, David Crosling
NEXT BEST: HARDERN (Race 6, No. 10)
Beaten in a photo last start by a smart horse Found Out at Geelong over 1700m. He's a Group 2 placegetter who looks well placed in this company.
CINQ DAMES (Race 7, No. 8)
Talented filly who worked too hard last start on a heavy track when they resumed at Cranbourne. Look for them to bounce back.
CONSIDER IT DONE (Race 2, No. 1)
Two starts suggests she's above average with a third at Geelong Synthetic last year behind Oscietra. They led at Canterbury when they resumed and fought on for third.
THE TRAINER: MATT LAURIE
ROCK'N'RHYTHM (Race 4, No. 3)
“There's some improvement been made this preparation but I've got no expectations.”
FROM THE CLOUDS (Race 7, No. 9)
“I think there's enough speed which will suit them She's better off being drawn out as they need to find their feet but I'm looking for them to hit the line hard.”
DIVINE RED (Race 8, No. 5)
“His first-up run was good where they worked home out wide. They needed the run and their work has been good since. If they can get a good run they should be in the finish.”
May 3 Moody's:
* Says Puerto Rico's decision to invoke Title III under PROMESA and initiate court proceeding to restructure debt marks positive step for bondholders overall
* Says court proceeding will be orderly process that should be "better for creditors in aggregate than a chaotic and uncertain period"
Violence against women services are waiting with bated breath to see who will win this election. Despite the pressing need for continued and expanded investments in sexual assault services, access to legal supports, shelters and access to reproductive health, gender equity has not been centred in either of the first two debates.
May has been a sobering reminder that women are not safe in this province.
On May 24, Elisabeth Salm, a 59-year-old librarian at the Christian Science Reading Room in Ottawa, was beaten and sexually assaulted in their workplace. They died a day later in the hospital.
Earlier, Timmins police released the identities of the four people killed in a car fire last month. They were Tammy Gagnon, 34, Cole Gagnon, 16 and Brandi Gagnon, 14. Found close by outside the car was Joey Gagnon, 37. Police said all along that this was a "tragic violent event," that was "isolated" and that there was "no remaining threat to the public." These words are code for domestic violence homicide.
Since January, approximately 19 women and their families that we know of have been murdered, and men close to them have been charged.
It was not until the third debate this past Sunday that gender equity and sexual violence were raised. There was an opportunity for each leader to highlight their actions, but instead of answering the question, the man who would be premier focused on memes. In addition, in all three debates they have made demeaning remarks, such as "I like to let them go at it" when referring to women leaders and has commented on Wynne's "nice smile."
These dismissive comments and the inability to answer a direct question about how they will address sexual violence within their party, as well as gender equity in the province, are extremely worrisome. We need a premier who will point out what they will do to keep women safe and make our communities better places for everyone to thrive.
Ontario Thrive sent a short survey to every candidate asking for their commitment to gender equity. Every major party but one — the Progressive Conservatives — has answered the questionnaire.
We know that with economic security, women are less likely to become trapped in abusive relationships. Economic safety is built on safe workplaces, affordable child care, safe transit and a livable minimum wage.
School curriculum that addresses body autonomy, self-esteem, gender-based violence and sexual and gender diversity will lead to young people understanding the meaning of consent and that violence — physical, sexual or emotional — is never OK.
April 5 Nutrisystem Inc
* Nutrisystem Inc -Effective as of April 4, board approved amendment to article III, section 4 of co's amended and restated bylaws to eliminate removal bylaw
* Nutrisystem -bylaws provide any director may be removed from office by holders of the majority of voting power of all outstanding shares entitled to vote in election of directors
* Nutrisystem inc- amendment to bylaws as a result of judge's order in class action complaint by Harold Frechter against co Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
North Korea Deputy United Nations Ambassador Kim In Ryong, right, speaks during a news briefing, Monday, April 17, 2017, at U.N. headquarters. (AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews)
PANMUNJOM, South Korea — A day after a failed North Korean missile test, U.S. President Donald Trump had a message Monday for the North's ruler: ‘Gotta behave.” At the same time, Vice President Mike Pence warned at the Korean Demilitarized Zone that America's “era of strategic patience is over.”
Keeping up the verbal volleying, North Korea's deputy U.N. ambassador accused the United States of turning the Korean peninsula into “the world's biggest hotspot” and creating “a dangerous situation in which a thermonuclear war may break out at any moment.”
Pence's visit to the tense DMZ dividing North and South Korea came at the start of a 10-day trip to Asia and underscored U.S. commitment. It allowed the vice president to gaze at North Korean soldiers afar and stare directly across a border marked by razor wire.
As the bomber jacket-clad vice president was briefed near the military demarcation line, two North Korean soldiers watched from a short distance away, one taking multiple photographs of the American visitor.
Pence told reporters that Trump was hopeful China would use its “extraordinary levers” to pressure the North to abandon its weapons program, a day after the North's failed missile test launch. But Pence expressed impatience with the unwillingness of the North to move toward ridding itself of nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles.
Pointing to the quarter-century since the United States first confronted North Korea over its attempts to build nuclear weapons, they said a period of patience had followed.
“But the era of strategic patience is over,” they declared. “President Trump has made it clear that the patience of the United States and our allies in this region has run out and we want to see change. We want to see North Korea abandon its reckless path of the development of nuclear weapons, and also its continual use and testing of ballistic missiles is unacceptable.”
Trump themselves appeared to reinforce the message at the White House, replying “Gotta behave” when a CNN reporter asked what message they had for North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
In New York, the North's deputy U.N. ambassador, Kim In Ryong, said that U.S.-South Korean military exercises being staged now are the largest-ever “aggressive war drill.” They said their country “is ready to react to any mode of war desired by the U.S.”
In Moscow, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, speaking to reporters Monday evening, said they hoped there would be “no unilateral actions like those we saw recently in Syria and that the U.S. will follow the line that President Trump repeatedly voiced during the election campaign.”
Advertisement
Meanwhile, China made a plea for a return to negotiations. Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang said tensions need to be eased on the Korean Peninsula to bring the escalating dispute there to a peaceful resolution. Lu said Beijing wants to resume the multi-party negotiations that ended in stalemate in 2009 and suggested that U.S. plans to deploy a missile defense system in South Korea were damaging its relations with China.
Late Monday, Pence reiterated in a joint statement alongside South Korean Acting President Hwang Kyo-ahn that “all options are on the table” and said any use of nuclear weapons by Pyongyang would be met with “an overwhelming and effective response.” They said the American commitment to South Korea is “iron-clad and immutable.”
Noting Trump's recent military actions in Syria and Afghanistan, Pence said, “North Korea would do well not to test their resolve” or the U.S. armed forces in the region.
The vice president earlier visited a military installation near the DMZ, Camp Bonifas, for a briefing with military leaders at the joint U.S.-South Korean installation, which is just outside the 2.5-mile wide (4 kilometers) DMZ. Under rainfall, Pence later stood a few meters from the military demarcation line outside Freedom House, gazing at the North Korean soldiers across the border, and then peered at a deforested stretch of North Korea from a lookout post in the hillside.
In Tokyo, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, speaking to a parliamentary session Monday, said: “Needless to say, diplomatic effort is important to maintain peace. But dialogue for the sake of having dialogue is meaningless.”
“We need to apply pressure on North Korea so they seriously respond to a dialogue” with the international community, they said, urging China and Russia to play more constructive roles on the issue.
Pence's visit came amid increasing tensions and heated rhetoric on the Korean Peninsula. While the North did not conduct a nuclear test, the specter of a potential test and an escalated U.S. response has trailed Pence as they undertake their Asian tour.
The Trump administration is hoping that China will help rein in North Korea in exchange for other considerations. Last week, Trump said they would not declare China a currency manipulator, pulling back from a campaign promise, as they looked for help from Beijing, which is the North's dominant trade partner.
Darlene Superville reported from Washington.
Say lil Man U gotta friend in me for life hit me on dm so we can chop it up love is the only way to beat hate 👊🏾☝🏾
A post shared by snoopdogg (@snoopdogg) on Dec 10, 2017 at 7:50am PST
BERLIN, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Bundesliga club Hamburg SV tumbled out of the German Cup first round after losing 3-1 at third division club Osnabrueck who were down to 10 men for more than 70 minutes.
In a repeat of their 2009 German Cup win over Hamburg, Osnabrueck were not deterred when Marcel Appiah was sent off with a straight red card after 18 minutes.
They scored three times before Hamburg, who were the better team in the first half, could muster any response and pull a goal back through American Bobby Wood.
Hamburg, who narrowly avoided relegation in three of the last four league seasons, became the first Bundesliga side to exit the competition.
Fellow top tier club RB Leipzig were in no mood for any similar adventures and eased past amateurs Dorfmerkingen 5-0.
Wolfsburg were made to struggle against fourth tier Norderstedt before winning 1-0, while Hanover 96 also advanced. Holders Borussia Dortmund booked their second round ticket on Saturday with a 4-0 victory over amateurs Rielasingen-Arlen and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang netting a hat-trick.
Champions Bayern Munich also advanced on Saturday after beating third tier Chemnitz 5-0. (Reporting by Karolos Grohmann, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Hailed a success by its organisers for reducing the number of violent crimes committed on New Year's Eve from over 1,000 last year to less than a dozen, Cologne police are now being criticised for using “racial” methods.
Left-wing activists, including members of the local Green party, have criticised the police for focusing their security efforts too clearly at the same groups which were identified as the main perpetrators of the 2016 attacks. The comments came after Cologne police controlled thousands of so-called ‘Nafris' — North Africans — as they attempted to enter the city centre ring of steel.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Germany's Deutsche Welle reports the remarks of Green party chairperson Simone Peter who noted that while the measures had worked, they doubted the legality of the police's actions. They said: “It raises the question of proportionality and legality when around 1,000 people were checked and partially detained based on their appearance alone.”
Meanwhile left-wing politician Christopher Lauer, active at times with the Social Democrats and Pirate Protest Party, said of the terms used by Cologne police that it was “sweeping prejudice against an entire group of people based on their appearance”.
“I regard this term as highly dehumanizing.”
Despite the ill feeling over the approach, Cologne's local Express newspaper reports the arrest of a 38-year-old Syrian on New Year's Eve as police believed “urgent” action was necessary following intelligence they were planning a terror attack that evening. The migrant had previously been arrested for terror-financing offences.
Cologne police gave regular updates through the night and local newspapers carried updates from the force reporting the number of Nafris who had been stopped, searched, and turned away. Upon arriving, hundreds of potential migrant troublemakers and even individuals known to have been involved in the 2016 attacks were immediately turned around and escorted to trains out of the centre.
In all, 1,200 Nafris were controlled by Cologne police. In addition, the force recorded two sexual assaults, six thefts, and 29 individuals were arrested. One train coming into the city which police learnt had 300 North Africans on-board was stopped and turned back just before it reached the centre.
This contrasts with the 2016 celebrations when over 500 women were recorded as victims of sexual assault and 28 were raped. Including other crimes such as thefts and assaults, there were some 1,300 victims.
Cologne's police chief was forced to retire early after the policing failure, which saw less than 100 officers on patrol for the whole city. Now defending the force from having policed the event too thoroughly instead, chief Jürgen Mathies said that while they had deliberately targeted Nafris for searches and identity checks, of the hundreds met in this way “there was a clear threat of criminal activity present”.
They said “We had groups of people who were comparably aggressive” to those that police encountered last year.
The police chief also emphasised the fact that police hadn't only performed security checks on North Africans, but had investigated other groups as well. The city's mayor called the measures “necessary”.
The force also defended the ‘Nafri' term, which was admitted to be an internal policing term. An internal document describing Nafris revealed in the German press briefs police officers that they come from Egypt, Algeria, Lebanon, Libya, Morocco, Syria, Tunisia, are generally between 15 and 25-years-old, and are violent.
The document states: “The clientele behaves very aggressively against intervening police officers and city colleagues… Armaments (folding knives) are regularly carried.”
Cloud services drive Tata brand value
Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) is the star of the IT Services sector this year, adding $1,3billion of value to its brand, which is now worth $10,4-billion.
TCS's growth contrasts with stagnation in the sector, which saw the combined value of the 13 brands in both 2017 and 2018's rankings slip 1% to $94,4-billion, according to new report from Brand Finance.
TCS's digital services are driving the business forward, with a 40% increase in year-on-year revenues in the third quarter to December 2017.
Digital services, including cloud, cybersecurity, IoT, digital interactive, enterprise intelligent automation, enterprise application services, consulting and service integration and cognitive business operations, saw more than 150 contract wins, including the division's first $50-million-plus client. An additional 12 543 employees were recruited, taking the total to 390 880. Despite its strong business performance, TCS' BSI score and brand rating stayed at 78 and AA+.
Savio D'Souza, director of Brand Finance, says: “Spending on traditional IT outsourcing has reached a natural limit and companies have been slow to reposition around value-added services with a few exceptions. TCS has done a great job over the past four to five years shifting perceptions, positioning themselves as an international company at the forefront of technological developments, which is a fair reflection as that is where they generate the majority of revenues and where they are expanding.”
TCS's 14% rise in brand value is in stark contrast to many of its peers, including Cognizant (-10%), Infosys (-3%), Fujitsu (-14%), Wipro (-7%), Hewlett Packard Enterprise (-65%) and Xerox (-33%), whose brands have either stagnated or lost value.
IBM retained its position as the IT services sector's most valuable brand, with a 1% rise in brand value to $19,5-billion. IBM's brand rating improved two scores to AAA and its Brand Strength Index (BSI) was the highest in the sector by almost 10 points at 87.6.
In 4Q2017 IBM broke a 22-quarter streak of declining revenues with 3,5% growth, although 2,5% of this was attributed to the weaker dollar and annual sales were down 1% at $79,1-billion.
D'Souza comments: “IBM is a very strong and well respected brand within the industry. If it can leverage that reputation, it will be able to gain momentum in areas where it has been slow to move, particularly cloud computing. IBM is focusing on repositioning itself as the leading provider of cloud services, blockchain and AI for enterprises.”
Accenture, the sector's second most valuable brand, lost 4% of its brand value, which now stands at $16,8-billion. The fall is likely to be a blip for the consultancy, which has invested heavily in differentiating itself in digital, cloud and security services, which now account for more than half of its revenues. Of the $10-billion in new bookings for 1Q2018, 59% were in consulting.
Aside from TCS, Capgemini was the only company in the top 15 to achieve double-digit brand value growth, gaining 10% to $4,6-billion. Capgemini generated 30% of its €12,5-billion revenue from its new digital and cloud offering, and has positioned itself well as understanding how to implement these key technologies.
Hewlett Packard Enterprise's woes continued, with brand value down 65% to $3,1-billion. The company plunged from fourth to twelfth in the ranking. HPE was formed in November 2015, when Hewlett-Packard split the PC and printers business from the enterprise products and services business. In 2017, HPE spun off its enterprise services division as DXC Technology and its software business to Micro Focus, with DXC now treated as a separate brand with a brand value of $6-billion, a BSI of 64 and a lowly brand rating of A+.
The top 10 IT services companies in the ranking are IBM, Accenture, Tata Consultancy Services, Cognizant, Infosys, DVC.Technology, HCL, Cap Gemini, Fujitsu and Atos.
IRAN's nuclear program, terrorism and US-French relations: Donald Trump and Emmanual Macron had plenty of issues of importance to discuss as they met at the White House.
But the American and French leaders' much anticipated meeting in Washington overnight was distracted from by First Lady Melania's hat, which caused a stir in the press pack and online.
Camera Icon US President Donald Trump, First Lady Melania Trump, French President Emmanuel Macron and Brigitte Macron at the White House on April 24, 2018. Picture: AFP
The oversized white accessory drew comparisons to the black hat Beyonce wore in Formation.
One Twitter user wondered if the First Lady is about to drop their own version of Lemonade (she'd have plenty of material after President Trump's many alleged transgressions).
Others compared the statement piece to the enormous headgear popularised by Pharrell Williams, the hat worn by Olivia Pope, Kerry Washington's character in Scandal, and Jude Law in The Young Pope.
Camera Icon Singer Pharrell Williams and their infamous hat. Picture: Supplied, Instagram
Some thought their overall outfit resembled that worn by staff at White Lady Funerals, and many noted the colour white is a symbol of women's suffrage.
Camera Icon Some compared Melania's outfit the uniform worn by staff at White Lady Funerals. Picture: Supplied
The first lady's office says the hat is by French-American designer Herve Pierre.
Michael Kors designed the two-piece suit that Mrs. Trump wore for Tuesday's White House arrival ceremony to welcome French President Macron and their wife Brigitte Macron.
Trump and Macron will be discussing the Iran nuclear deal, among other issues during their meetings at the White House.
Camera Icon First Lady Melania Trump and French first lady Brigitte Macron tour the National Gallery of Art on April 24, 2018 in Washington, DC. Picture: AFP
During a press conference held by both leaders, President Trump said if Iran restarts its nuclear program it “will have bigger problems than they have ever had before.”
Macron wants Trump to maintain the deal.
Trump is undecided but has called it “a terrible deal.”
Though Trump has warmly welcomed Macron to Washington, the two have disagreements to sort through, including Trump's decision to leave the multinational Paris climate change agreement.
Camera Icon French President Emmanuel Macron and US President Donald Trump give a joint press conference at the White House in Washington, DC. Picture: AFP
While with Macron, Trump refused to answer a reporter's question as to whether they are considering a pardon for their personal lawyer, Michael Cohen, whose office was raided by the FBI. Trump called it “a stupid question.” Cohen has not been charged.
French President Emmanuel Macron is highlighting the close ties between their nation and the United States during their visit to the White House.
Macron, standing alongside President Donald Trump said “America represents endless possibilities for my country.”
They also told Trump that “France shares with your country an ideal of freedom and peace.” Macron touted how the French fought alongside George Washington during the American Revolution, which laid the blueprint for co-operation between the nations.
The French president, who enjoys a closer relationship with Trump than many of their European peers, said that France works alongside the US on challenges like terrorism, North Korea and Iran.
 They are expected to lobby Trump to maintain the Iran nuclear deal and reconsider the decision to withdraw from the Paris climate agreement.
Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 4 Evening' game
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening's drawing of the Missouri Lottery's "Pick 4 Evening" game were:
5-0-1-2
(five, zero, one, two)
OSAGE COUNTY – Law enforcement authorities in Osage County are investigating a case of illegal hunting, trespassing case and asking the public for help to identify suspects.
Just before 11:30 a.m. Saturday Kansas Game Wardens received a report of two shots fired from a newer white extended cab or crew cab Chevy pickup on Vassar Street just north of 229th Street in Osage County.
The pickup left the scene after the shots were fired then shortly after a car returned and a subject was dropped off and they ran into the field where the turkey was shot.
The subject was not able to recover the turkey and they aren't seen again.
Wardens recovered Tom turkey and two spent shotgun shells at the scene.
Anyone who can help our wardens identify the suspects in this case are asked to call Operation Game Thief at (877) 426-3843. You can remain anonymous.
BRIEF-Skanska says sells buildings at university in Kalmar, Sweden
* Skanska divests three buildings at linnaeus university in kalmar, sweden, for about sek 1.1 billion Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: A labourer works at a cold-rolling mill on the outskirts of Wuhan, capital of central China's Hubei province August 22, 2006. REUTERS/Alfred Cheng Jin/File Photo
BEIJING Top Chinese government officials and steel executives met in Beijing on Monday to discuss the challenges in cutting overcapacity in the steel sector, according to a statement posted on the website of China's state planner on Tuesday.
The government will continue to implement measures to cut overcapacity, including tackling zombie firms and prohibiting low-grade steel production, it said.
Government agencies present at the meeting included the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC), the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission (SASAC) and the banking and securities regulators.
(Reporting by Beijing Monitoring Desk; Editing by Richard Pullin)
Trump call for unity among Americans in their State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Trump call for unity among Americans in their State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop their story about a "consensual" relationship
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop their story about a "consensual" relationship
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as they await another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as they await another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Cancer from cellphones? New studies say no need to hang up
Cancer from cellphones? New studies say no need to hang up
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said their customer didn't raise suspicions that they planned to commit any crimes.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said their customer didn't raise suspicions that they planned to commit any crimes.
It's an annual rite in Fairfax County, one of the wealthiest counties in America: hundreds of second-graders trooping off to private psychologists, taking IQ tests to prove they're worthy of the county's advanced academic programs.
It's an annual rite in Fairfax County, one of the wealthiest counties in America: hundreds of second-graders trooping off to private psychologists, taking IQ tests to prove they're worthy of the county's advanced...
The city of New Orleans is perhaps one of the best examples of what President Donald Trump calls the country's "crumbling infrastructure.".
The city of New Orleans is perhaps one of the best examples of what President Donald Trump calls the country's "crumbling infrastructure.".
The father of three of Larry Nassar's victims has apologized to a judge after they tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment.
The father of three of Larry Nassar's victims has apologized to a judge after they tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment.
Abortion rises as a hot topic in this year's state legislative sessions, as activists on both sides say they expect the U.S. Supreme Court to weigh in soon on how far states go in restricting access.
Abortion rises as a hot topic in this year's state legislative sessions, as activists on both sides say they expect the U.S. Supreme Court to weigh in soon on how far states go in restricting access.
'Kill Bill' actor Uma Thurman accuses embattled Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein of forcing themselves upon their sexually and director Quentin Tarantino of making them perform a dangerous car stunt that injured them
'Kill Bill' actor Uma Thurman accuses embattled Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein of forcing themselves upon their sexually and director Quentin Tarantino of making them perform a dangerous car stunt that injured them
By JOCELYN NOVECK
AP National Writer
NEW YORK (AP) - Actress Uma Thurman, in long-awaited remarks, accused disgraced movie mogul Harvey Weinstein of forcing themselves on their sexually years ago in a London hotel room. Weinstein, through their attorney, acknowledged making an "awkward pass" but strongly denied any physical assault and suggested the possibility of legal action over their comments.
In a separate allegation in the same New York Times article on Saturday, Thurman also said "Kill Bill" director Quentin Tarantino during filming coerced them into driving a car that they believed to be faulty, resulting in injuries including a permanently damaged neck, a concussion and damage to their knees. A representative for Tarantino did not immediately reply to a request for comment.
Thurman's allegations against Weinstein, who has been accused of rape, assault or other sexual misconduct by scores of women, had been widely anticipated since they hinted late last year that they had a story to tell but wanted to wait until they were less angry. Them story came in an interview with Times columnist Maureen Dowd.
"I used the word 'anger,' but I was more worried about crying, to tell you the truth," Thurman was quoted as saying. "I was not a groundbreaker on a story I knew to be true. So what you really saw was a person buying time."
Thurman said that an early encounter with Weinstein in a Paris hotel room in the 1990s ended with them suddenly appearing in a bathrobe and leading them to a steam room but that they did not feel threatened. They said that the first "attack" - the word appears in quotes - happened later in London.
"He pushed me down," they said. "He tried to shove themselves on me. They tried to expose himself. They did all kinds of unpleasant things. But they didn't actually put their back into it and force me. You're like an animal wriggling away, like a lizard."
Later, they alleged, they arranged a meeting with Weinstein and warned him: "If you do what you did to me to other people you will lose your career, your reputation and your family, I promise you."
The Times article says Thurman's memory of the Weinstein encounter stops there, but it quotes a friend who was waiting downstairs as saying Thurman emerged from an elevator disheveled and shaking.
"Her eyes were crazy, and they were totally out of control," said the friend, Ilona Herman.
When Thurman was able to talk again, Herman said, they revealed that Weinstein, who was one of the most powerful men in Hollywood, had threatened to derail their career.
Though the article doesn't make clear how the London hotel room encounter ended, Thurman said: "Harvey assaulted me, but that didn't kill me."
A representative for Thurman, Leslie Sloane, responded to an Associated Press request for more details on all the encounters by saying only: "The article speaks for itself."
Meanwhile, Ben Brafman, Weinstein's attorney, said the producer was "stunned and saddened" by false accusations from Thurman. They emphasized Weinstein and Thurman had worked together for more than two decades.
The lawyer, in a statement, said Weinstein acknowledged making "an awkward pass at Ms. Thurman 25 years ago which they regret and immediately apologized for." They said it was a mystery why Thurman would wait so long to come forward or "embellish what really happened to include false accusations of attempted physical assault."
They said Thurman's statements to the Times were being "examined and investigated" before Weinstein decides whether any legal action against them would be appropriate.
Thurman, one of the stars of Tarantino's "Pulp Fiction," also said that just before shooting began on the director's "Kill Bill: Vol. 1," which came out in 2003, they told them about Weinstein and they confronted the mogul, leading them to apologize.
But they also described a harrowing onset episode on location in Mexico in which Tarantino ignored them expressed fears of driving a car that they had been warned might be faulty.
Tarantino persuaded them to do it, they said, quoting them as saying, "Hit 40 miles per hour or your hair won't blow the right way and I'll make you do it again."
Video accompanying the article online - which Thurman says took them 15 years to procure - shows Thurman struggling to control the car, crashing into a tree and then being carried from the car.
"That was a deathbox that I was in," Thurman was quoted as saying.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
May 2 Softing AG:
* Q1 revenue rose to 19.8 million euros ($21.61 million)(previous year: 17.9 million euros), equivalent to organic growth of 11%
* In Q1 orders on hand grew by more than 50% to 14.6 million euros (previous year: 9.7 million euros)
* Q1 incoming orders increased by 23% to an impressive 21.8 million euros(previous year: 17.7 million euros)
* First-Quarter EBIT was just 0.5 million eueos(previous year: 0.7 million euros)
* Raises annual revenue forecast to around 85 million euros and confirming our EBIT guidance of around 6 million euros for 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9163 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
More than 2,000 illegals interception for the year!
Coral Harbour Base, 03 JUL. ‘18 (RBDF): Over 40 Haitian migrants were apprehended off Eleuthera by HMBS Madeira, under the command of Senior Lieutenant William Sturrup, this morning. The conventional sailing vessel was apprehended approximately 20 nautical miles south of Bannerman Town, South Eleuthera.
The migrants are currently on their way to the capital, where they will be turned over to Immigration officials for further processing.
Over 2,000 migrants have been apprehended by the Royal Bahamas Defence Force for the year, thus far.
The latest apprehension by a Defence Force patrol vessel was on March 28, when approximately 90 migrants were apprehended near Eleuthera by HMBS Cascarilla.
The Royal Bahamas Defence Force remains committed to protect the territorial integrity of The Bahamas and keeping our borders secured.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
ONTARIO >> More details emerged Monday in the Sunday morning crash on the 15 Freeway that killed a San Bernardino man, including news of an arrest.
Shortly before 6 a.m. Mario Alberto Moracuellar, 36, of San Bernardino pulled over to the right shoulder of southbound 15, just south of Jurupa Street after their 2007 Honda Odyssey blew a tire.
As Moracuellar was changing their tire a 2013 Honda Accord driven by Cesar Velasquez, 29, of Muscoy, veered to the right, crashing into the Odyssey, according to a California Highway Patrol news release.
Moracuellar was pronounced dead at the scene.
Velasquez was booked into West Valley Detention for suspicion of vehicular manslaughter and felony driving under the influence. He's being held in lieu of $250,000 bail.
Free agent guard Raymond Felton has agreed to a one-year deal to return to the Oklahoma City Thunder, according to ESPN.
Free agent guard Raymond Felton has agreed to a one-year deal to return to Oklahoma City, league source tells ESPN. — Adrian Wojnarowski (@wojespn) July 4, 2018
The deal is reportedly offered at $2.4 million for one year.
Felton's signing pushes the Oklahoma City Thunder past the $300 million threshold in terms of salary and luxury tax, the first NBA team to do so.
Felton averaged 6.9 points and 2.5 assists in 82 games a year ago with the Thunder, according to ESPN.
April 6 Ford Motor Co
* Says will hire an additional 976 people to help production of its smaller sport utility vehicle EcoSport at its Romanian unit Automobile Craiova.
* Says current staff at Automobile Craiova stands at 2,715.
* Says production of EcoSport will start in the fall of 2017.
* Says investment to build the vehicle is of up to 200 million euros ($213.00 million).
* Says will continue to assess the possibility of building new products at its Craiova plant to make full use of existing output and technology while holding "productive talks" with the Romanian government over improving infrastructure and logistics. ($1 = 0.9390 euros) (Reporting by Luiza Ilie; Editing by Radu Marinas)
The autonomous-car industry faces closer scrutiny and criticism after a self-driving Uber killed a pedestrian in Tempe, Arizona, on Sunday evening.
Full details of the accident are unclear, but the local police department issued a statement saying that a woman was fatally struck after walking in front of an Uber car traveling in self-driving mode. Uber says it is cooperating with a police investigation and has suspended testing of its self-driving vehicles in Phoenix, Pittsburgh, San Francisco, and Toronto.
It is the first time a self-driving vehicle has killed a pedestrian, and the event is already causing some to question the pace at which the technology is moving. Besides Uber, dozens of companies, including established carmakers and small startups, are rushing to test experimental self-driving vehicles and autonomous systems on roads. These efforts have received blessing from local governments because the technology seems so promising and because a driver is usually behind the wheel as a backup. A safety driver was in the front seat when the accident in Tempe occurred.
Though automated driving could ultimately save countless lives on roads, some say the technology is being deployed too quickly.
At a time when many have lauded the technology as ready for large-scale deployment, “this is clear proof that is not yet the case,” says Bryan Reimer, a research scientist at MIT who studies automated driving. “Until we understand the testing and deployment of these systems further, we need to take our time and work through the evolution of the technology,” they say.
The accident is unlikely to set a legal precedent, says Ryan Calo, who is researching the legal implications of vehicle autonomy at the University of Washington. Even if the victim is found to have been partly responsible, the company may also be liable, and it will be keen to settle in order to avoid a test case, they say.
Calo calls on those developing AI-based vehicles to think very carefully about the potential impact of their systems on human lives, and consider the legal and ethical implications.
The ethical questions surrounding self-driving cars—and especially a conundrum known as the “trolley problem,” which requires that a car choose between two potential victims in an accident—have confused the issue, they add: “I don't think the trolley-problem conversation has been at all helpful.” Of the accident that killed the woman in Arizona, they say, “The sensors probably didn't pick them up, or the algorithm didn't understand what it's seeing.”
Sign up for the The Algorithm News and views on the latest in artificial intelligence Sign Up Thank you — please check your email to complete your sign up. Incorrect email format Manage your newsletter preferences
Regulators will no doubt take a closer look at the technology after this latest setback. This morning both the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) and the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) said they have launched probes.
Subbarao Kambhampati, a professor at Arizona State University who specializes in AI, says the Uber accident raises questions about the ability of safety drivers to monitor systems effectively, especially after long hours of testing. Research conducted by Reimer and others reinforces this point. Other research has shown the challenge of establishing communications between self-driving systems and pedestrians.
The accident comes amid what seemed like rapid progress on self-driving technology and a push to loosen legal restrictions. Waymo, a subsidiary of Alphabet spun out of Google, announced late last year that it was taking the safety driver out of its vehicles and said it would launch a driverless taxi service in Phoenix later this year.
Just days ago, Waymo, Uber, and others had urged Congress to pass legislation that would pave the way for self-driving cars in the US. The accident will most likely slow the passage of that bill.
There have been a handful of accidents involving self-driving vehicles, including a crash in Florida in May 2016 involving a Tesla Model S in Autopilot mode that failed to see a truck across the road ahead. The Tesla's driver was killed. Federal investigators have found the technology to be at fault in several of these accidents, but they have so far resisted the urge to implement stricter rules or halt testing altogether.
So far, the public has showed little sign of turning against the technology, even after such incidents. “I am not really sure this is going to lead to a public worry or backlash,” says Kambhampati. “Because honestly, I thought there would be more of a backlash after the Tesla accident.”
House Judiciary Committee ranking member Rep. Jerrold Nadler (D-NY) on Thursday asked the panel's chair to ask FBI Director Chris Wray for an “emergency” briefing to outline their concerns over the imminent release of a classified memo authored by Republican staffers that alleges an anti-Trump bias within the FBI.
In a letter to Rep. Bob Goodlatte (R-VA), the committee's chair, Nadler called the memo a “set of talking points” that “attempt to discredit the work of the FBI and special counsel Robert Mueller” and said the committee should ask Wray to make a formal or informal appearance on “an emergency basis.”
“It is imperative that we hear directly from these officials about the security and law enforcement implications of making this information public,” Nadler said. “Because many of our members have not read the underlying materials, it is also important that we hear about any inaccuracies or key omissions from the Nunes document.”
In their letter, Nadler cited statements from the Department of Justice and the FBI cautioning against the document's release. The FBI, in a rare public statement Wednesday, said it had “grave concerns about material omissions of fact” in the document.
House Intelligence Committee Republicans voted Monday to release the memo, giving Trump five days to decide whether to release it to the public. Trump made their intentions to release the document clear after their State of the Union address Tuesday, when they were caught on a hot mic telling Rep. Jeff Duncan (R-SC) that they “a hundred percent” plans to release it.
According to reports from multiple news outlets, the memo purports to show that FBI officials abused the FISA process when seeking a warrant to surveil Trump campaign aide Carter Page.
Trump and congressional Republicans have claimed for months that the FBI is biased against him, and CNN reported Thursday that Trump believes the memo will help discredit special counsel Robert Mueller's probe into Russian interference in the 2016 election.
Read the letter below:
Correction: This article originally incorrectly labeled Rep. Jerrold Nadler (D-NY) as a member of the House Intelligence Committee. He's a ranking member of the House Judiciary Committee. TPM regrets this error.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
THE carnival may be over but trainer Gordon Richards hopes their good fortune is just about to begin again.
Camera Icon Charossa wins at Morphettville. Picture: Supplied, Atkins Photography
The astute Morphettville horseman concedes they have had a challenging couple of months as their team has struggled to make its mark during the recently concluded Adelaide Festival of Racing.
 They are determined, however, to finish the season on a positive note, starting with Saturday's Morphettville program when they saddle up three strong chances.
“It has been a bit frustrating,” Richards said.
“The Victorians were coming across for those $100,000 races to try to take our money and we missed out.
“We had some bad barrier draws and a bit of bad luck … but you've just got to keep pushing on. That's just how the penny rolls.
“We've got a few horses who didn't have a lot of racing over that period and a few others have just come back into work, so it's a chance to finish the season strongly.”
Each of Richards' runners on Saturday — promising two-year-old Ice Ghost and three-year-olds White Kaps and Charossa — are highly ranked in Ladbrokes fixed-odds markets but Richards is too experienced to take anything for granted.
“I go there every week thinking I'm a good chance of getting a winner but it doesn't always work that way,” they said.
“They do look pretty well placed this week, though.”
Ice Ghost has been competitive at both runs against quality opposition but will need their share of luck from a wide gate in the Crosato Maiden (1000m).
“I thought their run last time in the Group 3 was excellent,” the trainer said.
“He's coming back from 1200m on the outer track to 1000m on the inner track and he's drawn wide, so that's not ideal.
“It'll depend on what horses are left in on Saturday morning as to whether we run him.”
White Kaps, backing up from a game second to classy mare Showpero on the Parks track last Saturday, has drawn more favourably in barrier five in the Hughes Limousines Handicap (1000m) with Clare Lindop in the saddle.
“Last week they were back to the inner track, where he's got a really good record, and I thought they were really brave against the older horses,” they said.
“If they get a chance to sit back behind the pace rather than three-deep they should give it a shake. I'm very happy with him.
“He's got a bit of weight but they only has to carry it over a short distance so it shouldn't really affect him.”
Charossa drops in grade after chasing home Darren Weir's gifted Peaceful State at Listed level at their past two starts. He's drawn barrier three in the Terry Howe Printing Handicap (1550m) for jockey Joe Bowditch.
“The Nitschke was an excellent run then in the Guineas they were a bit too close for my liking,” Richards said.
“He's getting back to the inner track with a decent draw. They should get the run of the race and I think we should see the best of him.
“He's probably my best chance.”
ben.scadden@news.com.au
Recently a careless and juvenile social media post taught a girls' sports team a lesson, but it was a lesson for us all.
Players form the Atlee Little League squad in the Junior Little League World Series had just won their semi-finals game and were poised to go for the championship until a picture of six of the team members appeared on Snapchat – a popular social media app. The picture showed the team members posing for camera with their middle fingers prominently in view.
The picture was evidently a response to some trash talking during the game between the teams. This tournament is for the best-of-the-best 12 - 15 year old girls teams in the world. But obviously champions in any sport need to behave like champions on and off the field. So, in spite of the picture being removing by a coach, the league decided to disqualify the Atlee team – giving the win to the team they had beaten.
This was a harsh but appropriate lesson about sportsmanship – be a gracious winner and loser – as well as a lesson that social media is a platform that you better be respectful of when posting anything, especially a picture or content that might work against you.
So, while these girls may have lost the opportunity to go for a softball trophy, hopefully they gained something more valuable and more lasting – the truth that when you express yourself – on social media or not – you better be ready for a response. It truly is a lesson for us all and will make for a Better East Texas.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
Pusha T upped the ante concerning their feud with Drake on Tuesday by dropped a scathing diss track alleging, among other things, that the Canadian star has an illegitimate child that he's refusing to acknowledge.
It all started on May 25, when Pusha released their latest album, Daytona. Included on the LP is the song “Infrared,” which called out Drake for allegedly using a ghostwriter — an accusation that has long followed the former Degrassi actor.
Unwilling to take the insult lying down, Drake dropped a response track called “Druppy Freestyle,” lobbing insults Pusha's way and telling the 41-year-old Bronx rapper he'd send them an invoice for the boost in album sales.
A social media spat ensued in the days that followed, in which Drake, 31, actually produced that asupervisorstioned invoice ($100,000 for “promotional assistance and career reviving”).
Pusha T and Drake Roy Rochlin/Getty Images; George Pimentel/WireImage
And now Pusha has come back with their own response: a song called “The Story of Adidon,” which debuted on New York's Hot 97 on Tuesday and uses No I.D.'s beat for JAY-Z's “The Story of O.J.” as its backdrop.
Pusha doesn't hold back in the track. Among their attacks are rhymes mocking Drake's newfound anger, their supposed habit of walking away from relationships, their producer Noah “40” Shebib's battle with multiple sclerosis, and even Drake's own mother Sandi Graham — by name (!!!).
For its album art? An undoctored photo taken by David Leyes of Drake in blackface, an image intended to correspond with Pusha's claim that Drake grew up insecure about their mixed race heritage.
But none of that compares to the accusations of an illegitimate child, who Pusha said Drake fathered with French former adult-film star Sophie Brussaux. “You are hiding a child, let that boy come home,” Pusha raps, claiming Drake is playing “border patrol.”
Drake Splash News
This isn't this the first time the rumor has circulated.
Back in May 2017, Brussaux — who was spotted with the rapper that January following their split from Jennifer Lopez — claimed they were three-and-a-half months pregnant with Drake's child and hired two major New York City attorneys to begin the proceedings to prove paternity and seek child support, TMZ reported. They also told TMZ that they had text messages from the rapper asking them to get an abortion.
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
“If it's in fact Drake's child, which they do not believe it is, they will do right by the child,” Drake's rep told PEOPLE at the time. “She's just another woman in a long line of women claiming they got them pregnant.”
Brussaux apparently gave birth to a son on October 24 (Drake's birthday), according to their Instagram account — which has since gone private, Vulture reports. Drake has yet to speak out about the child's birth.
RELATED VIDEO: Whitney Houston's Cousin Slams Kanye West for Using Photo of Them Drug-Covered Bathroom
Meanwhile, Pusha is not without controversy of their own.
They and producer Kanye West were slammed for using a photo of the late Whitney Houston's drug-strewn bathroom as the cover for Daytona.
Houston's estate responded to the imbroglio on Tuesday, saying that they were “extremely disappointed in Kanye's choice” for a cover image. “Even in Whitney's death, we see that no one is exempt from the harsh realities of the world,” they said in a statement to ET's Kevin Frazier.
Houston was found dead in a bathtub at The Beverly Hilton hotel in 2012. The icon's death was ruled an accidental drowning, with heart disease and cocaine use also to blame. In August 2012, their autopsy stated they also had marijuana, Xanax, Benadryl and other medication in their system.
While the rest of the nation looks to Punxsutawney Phil for weather predictions on Groundhog Day, Beignet the Nutria is the star of the show in South Louisiana.
Scroll for more content...
And Beignet isn't very interested in winter. Their big concern is an entirely different season - hurricane season.
South Louisiana Wetlands Discovery Center Executive Director Jonathan Foret brought Beignet, a wild nutria they nursed to health as a baby and has raised like a family pet, out to see their shadow this morning.
February 2 isn't only Groundhog Day, after all. It's also World Wetlands Day.
Nutria are considered an invasive species, so Foret had to apply for a special permit from the Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries in order to keep Beignet, who serves as a mascot and helps Foret educate students about invasive species.
So early on World Wetlands Day, Foret released Beignet to see if the nutria would see their shadow.
"If they don't see their shadow, that means that we're going to have a great hurricane season, meaning no hurricanes at all," Foret said. "If they do see it, then that means we're in for it."
Luckily, Beignet didn't see their shadow, thus predicting a mild hurricane season.
Punxsutawney Phil, however, predicted six more weeks of winter.
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) plans to repeal the agency's Obama-era climate change program, the Clean Power Plan (CPP), “in its entirety,” according to a document obtained by Breitbart News.
The 43-page document, titled, “Repeal of Carbon Pollution Emission Guidelines for Existing Stations Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units” details how the EPA plans to repeal CPP through a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM). This version of the document obtained by Breitbart News remains subject to change through inter-agency review.
advertisement
The agency contends that the EPA, under former Administrator Gina McCarthy, exceeded its authority to regulate carbon emissions as stipulated by the Clean Air Act. The document proposes to eliminate the Clean Power Plan, and then suggested that they might release an Advanced Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (ANPRM) that will reflect a more thoughtful and modest approach to regulating air pollution given the EPA's limited statutory authority.
President Donald Trump signed an executive order in March ordering a review of the Clean Power Plan as well as other environmental regulations. Instead of Obama's stifling energy regulations, the Trump administration will promote policies that favor American “energy dominance.”
The Obama administration designed the Clean Power Plan to lower carbon emissions from existing power plants by 2030 to 32 percent below 2005 levels. Conservatives widely viewed the Clean Power Plan, along with the Paris Climate Treaty, to be part of Obama's “war on coal.”
EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt criticized the Clean Power Plan earlier this year, calling the regulation, “unlawful.” Pruitt said, “This is an effort to undo the unlawful approach the previous administration engaged in,” they said of the president's executive order, “and to do it right going forward with the mindset of being pro-growth and pro-environment.”
Myron Ebell, the Competitive Enterprise Institute's (CEI) director of Energy and Environment programs and Trump administration EPA transition chair, argued that the Clean Power Plan remains illegal and would do devastating harm to the average American. Ebell said, “In particular, we applaud their action to begin withdrawing the EPA's greenhouse gas rules, including the so-called ‘Clean Power' Plan. These rules, which are clearly illegal, would raise electric rates for consumers significantly and do immense economic damage to the heartland states where U.S. manufacturing is now concentrated.”
The EPA document declares that they are “proposing to repeal the CPP in its entirety.”
The EPA contends in the document, under former Administrator Gina McCarthy, exceeded its statutory authority under the Clean Air Act to force states and power plants to comply with the Clean Power Plan's regulation to lower carbon emissions.
Over 150 interested parties sued the EPA, including 27 states, 24 trade associations, 37 rural electric co-ops, and three labor unions sued the former EPA administration in the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals, arguing that the CPP was unconstitutional. A bipartisan group of 34 Senators and 171 members of the House filed an amicus brief arguing that the CPP was illegal and skirted Congress' authority to legislate on environmental issues.
In February 2016, the Supreme Court stayed the implementation of the CPP pending further review. On August 8, 2017 the court issued an order holding the case in abeyance for a 60-day review and directed the EPA to file status updates at 30-day intervals.
In March, President Donald Trump issued an executive order which the document cites, which affirms the “national interest to promote clean and safe development of our Nation's vast energy resources, while at the same time avoiding regulatory burdens that unnecessarily encumber energy production, constrain economic growth, and prevent job creation.”
The Executive order also directed the EPA to “immediately review existing regulations that potentially burden the development or use of domestically produced energy and appropriately suspend, revise, or rescind, those that unduly burden the development of domestic energy resources beyond the degree necessary to protect the public interest or otherwise comply with the law.” Subsequently, the EPA conducted a review of its environmental regulations, including the agency's Clean Power Plan.
The EPA contends that their initial review of the CPP “raised substantial concerns that the CPP is not consistent with the policy articulated in Section 1 of the Executive Order.”
The EPA explained, “For example, numerous States, regulated entities and other stakeholders warned that the CPP threatened to impose massive costs on the power sector and consumers; invaded traditional areas of state regulation over the mix of energy generation within their borders, departed radically from prior regulatory practice and longstanding reading of the statute; and did not adequately ensure the national interest in affordable, reliable electricity, including from coal generation.”
The EPA contends in the proposed rulemaking that the EPA's ability to “revisit existing regulations is well-grounded in the law.” The document cites Chevron U.S.A. v. NRDC, Inc., National Cable & Telecommunications Ass'n v. Brand X Internet Services, and the Clean Air Council v. Pruitt cases to argue that the agencies have broad discretion to reconsider agency regulations at any time.
The Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) contains a cost-benefit analysis that examines repealing Obama's Clean Power Plan. The EPA estimates that repealing CPP would provide up to $33 billion in avoided compliance costs in 2030.
EPA Administrator Pruitt's Scott decision to eliminate Obama's Clean Power Plan serves as part of President Trump's agenda to unravel Obama's environmental legacy and pursue an America First policy of “energy dominance.”
In May, President Trump announced that the United States will withdraw from the 2015 Paris Climate Accord. The president said, “In order to fulfill my solemn duty to protect America and its citizens, the United States will withdraw from the Paris Climate Accord.” Trump cited that the Paris Climate Accord alone could cost America 2.7 million lost jobs by 2025. Similarly to the Clean Power Plan, Obama acted unilaterally without the consent of Congress and the American people to implement their climate agenda through the Paris Climate Accord.
Now EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt, who was one of the first Attorneys General to sue the EPA over the Clean Power Plan, can start to repeal one of Obama's hallmark environmental programs.
EPA spokesperson Liz Bowman said in a statement to Breitbart News, “While we can't comment on the authenticity of the document, what we can say is that the Obama Administration pushed the bounds of their authority so far that the Supreme Court issued a stay – the first in history – to prevent the so-called ‘Clean Power Plan' from taking effect. Any replacement rule that the Trump Administration proposes will be done carefully and properly within the confines of the law.”
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
UNION GROVE, Wis. (AP) — Three men were shot at point-blank range during an auto racing event in southeastern Wisconsin, but no suspects have been arrested in the killings, a sheriff said.
Kenosha County Sheriff David Beth said authorities responded to the Great Lakes Dragaway in Union Grove around 7 p.m. Sunday after receiving reports that shots had been fired.
A man shot the three at point-blank range near a food vendor, Beth said at a news conference Sunday night. No suspects have been arrested and no one else was injured.
“They have no idea what happened, what caused this,” the sheriff said after getting a statement from friends of the victims.
Two of the men died at the scene and the third died while being transported to a hospital. Beth said at least two of the men were from Aurora, Illinois.
The sheriff encouraged any witnesses to the shooting to contact their department.
“A lot of people may not have wanted to come up and talk to the sheriff's department initially because maybe they were afraid someone was going to see them,” Beth said. “So what I'm hoping happens is someone who knows what's going on or saw what happened will call us, give us more information and help us catch the individual who did this.”
The sheriff's office estimated that more than 5,000 people were at the raceway for an event known as “Larry's Fun Fest.” The track's website shows the event included drag racing, tailgating, live entertainment and a car show.
Union Grove is about 25 miles (40 kilometers) south of Milwaukee.
Members of Canada's Olympic moguls mens and womens teams were training at Apex this week
Andi Naude of Canadas Olympic moguls team does some training on Apex Mountain at night to simulate the conditions the skiers will be competing on at the Olympics in South Korea. Mark Brett/Western News
Describing the training environment at Apex Mountain a “dream,” the Penticton head coach of the Canadian men's moguls team says their guys are ready to rock the Olympics.
After spending the last 10 days on the local ski hill, Rob Kober, their coaching staff and team members boarded the 6 a.m. flight Thursday at Penticton Regional Airport on the first leg of their journey to Pyeongchang, South Korea and the XXIII Olympic Winter Games.
“It's the perfect course up here on Kristi's Run and we've been enjoying ideal conditions. I can't imagine a better set up for a pre-Olympic camp,” said Kober who has been at the helm of Canada's powerhouse for a dozen years. “The course here is ideal for adding intensity in a relatively safe environment, and we kind of fly under the radar so that helps minimize distractions.
“I think having that kind of environment where everything is ideal on the snow we can insulate the athletes and keep it fun, keep them well-fed and rested and we can do all that here.”
They credit the outstanding programs at Apex over the years for producing top calibre skiers like former Summerland Olympian Kristi Richards and Penticton's Andi Naude, 22, who will be seeing their first action in the Olympics this year on the women's team.
“I'm biased but I think Andi's going to win,” said Kober, whose two sons Jordan and Josh and daughter Chloe are all involved in the sport. “Andi's awesome, she's awesome, can't say enough good stuff about her, and right now she's really peaking at the right time.
“I think Andi's best stuff is the best stuff out there right now.”
Naude joined the national team at age 16 and narrowly missed the cut for the 2014 games in Sochi.
And for their part, if results are any indication of success, Kober is definitely on the right track.
The Canadian men finished one, two in the 2014 Olympics and the silver medalist that year, Mikaël Kingsbury, is back for their third try at a gold.
Kingsbury has been burning up the course on the World Cup this season and is favoured to wind up on the top shelf of the podium this time.
“Mik's been on a terrific tear here for quite a while and hopefully will live up to those expectations,” said Kober.
The Canadian men suffered what they described as a “devastating” blow a couple weeks ago when their number-two guy, Philippe Marquis, tore their ACL at a World Cup event in Deer Valley, Utah.
The injury, however, has not kept the 28-year-old veteran off the skis.
“He trained last night at Apex and they look great and he's going to try, but it's a pretty terrible injury,” said Kober. “It's been done before but with no ACL it's a pretty aggressive mission.”
With such a strong, experienced team the coach is not planning to come back home empty-handed.
“If I'm honest, nope,” they said about being satisfied without winning a medal. “To be successful we definitely need to come out there with some hardware, that's for sure. At the same time, I would say how we handle failure — hopefully we won't have to — but how we handle that will define our team as much as anything.”
They added: “For me, the way I think about our team, our program and any individual athlete is definitely not going to be defined by the results from any one event, whether it's the Olympic Games or anything else.”
The teams will begin training in Pyeongchang on Feb. 5 with both the men's and women's first qualifying rounds going at night on Feb 8.
The women's second qualifying round and finals will be Feb. 11 and the men's second qualifying and finals are Feb. 12.
Laurent Dumais of the Canadian mens freestyle moguls team performs their routine against the glare of the night lightes at Apex.
Moguls freestyle skier Audrey Robichaud of the Canadian Olympic team completes a jump with the lights of Apex Mountain Resort in the background.
PALLEKELE, Sri Lanka, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Sri Lanka left-arm spinner Lakshan Sandakan picked up their maiden five-wicket test haul as India were all out for 487 in the first over after lunch on the second day of the third test on Sunday.
All-rounder Hardik Pandya was out for 108 after scoring their first test hundred and was the last batsman to be dismissed for India, who lead the three-match series 2-0.
Sandakan finished with 5-132, while left-arm spin colleague Malinda Pushpakumara took 3-82 for the hosts. (Reporting by Sudipto Ganguly in Mumbai; Editing by John O'Brien)
[India], December 11 (ANI): Minister of State (MoS) Defence Subhash Bhamre inaugurated the online examination web portal of Indian Air Force (IAF) at the Air Force Headquarters today in Delhi.
Speaking on the occasion, Bhamre congratulated the IAF for contributing towards the Prime Minister Narendra Modi's vision of 'Digital India'.
They also congratulated IAF for developing the online examination system, in collaboration with the Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (C-DAC).
Air Marshal S.B Deo, Vice Chief of the Air Staff, along with other senior Air Force Officers was present during the inauguration.
IAF is the first amongst the three services to take up Information Technology (IT) enabled online testing system, for induction of officers and airmen cadre.
In association with C-DAC, IAF is switching over to the new system from January 2018. Online registrations will commence from December 15.
The selection system for officers and airmen cadre in the IAF has been continuously evolving and sustained efforts are in place to strengthen the testing system.
Though the existing system is time-tested and well proven, constraints of testing capacity and geographical reach were the major limitations.
This deprived deserving and eligible candidates' opportunities, especially rural youth, from all over the country.
To improve the system and to make it more candidate-friendly, while enhancing organizational efficiency, a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) was signed on October 31 last year.
Earlier, IAF had over hundred centres spread across India for the officer cadre exams and fourteen centres for airmen selection exams. Some states and union territories did not have any testing centre.
Consequently, candidates had to spend considerable time and resources on travelling to the testing centres.
In the new system, there would be about 760 examination centres spread all over the country. Candidates would be now required to travel considerably less from the place of his/her residence.
It will enable approximately four lakh candidates for airmen selection and two lakh candidates for officer's selection. They will appear in the exam after every six months. (ANI)
IT IS one of those conversations which stops you in your tracks. You're put on the spot, you have to answer and, frankly you don't know how to respond.
Yep, it's about money. That awkward moment where a friend or relative asks you to lend them money?
WASTE: How to offset smashed avocado costs
If it's only a few bucks, maybe even a hundred or two, then it's usually OK.
But if it's thousands of dollars to help the borrower buy a car, put a deposit on a house or even start a business, then things start to get a bit more serious. And it can put you in a very tough spot.
The closer the relative, the tougher the spot you're in. Because they assume that because you know them so well, you will automatically come up with the cash.
What if you say “no” and it damages your relationship? What happens if, despite the borrower's best intentions, they end up not being able to pay you back? And what if it ends up affecting your own financial situation?
Lending to friends and family is a minefield of potential problems, so before you even think about saying yes, here are six things you need to consider.
Camera Icon It can be hard to say no to family members in need. Picture: News Limited
1. The initial response
Those first words in response are just so critical ... but never, ever commit upfront.
The decision needs thought, more detail and a plan. So that first response has to be polite, friendly, encouraging and noncommittal.
You're buying yourself time and raising the possibility of a future rejection.\
So keep it neutral. Something along the lines of;
“Let me talk to my accountant and bank manager.”
Or
“I'd love to help but I need to just check my own finances because I've had some big expenses and a few coming up. I'm not sure I have the spare cash.”
Or
“That sounds a great idea for a business why don't you send me a business plan and I'll get my accountant to look at it”.
You get the drift. Delay the decision and bring in another element (like an accountant or bank manager) which you can use as the reason for a rejection in the future.
2. Can I afford it?
The fact that someone is asking you to shell-out means they've probably made some assumptions about the strength of your financial situation compared to their own, but we're willing to bet they don't know your full story.
So the first step in your decision making process is a realistic assessment of whether you can actually afford it. Ask yourself “can I afford to lose this money” and what you'd have to sacrifice if the money wasn't repaid.
Always protect your family first, and don't put yourself in a situation that could jeopardise the financial security you've worked so hard to create.
Blaming a big mortgage, an upcoming overseas holiday or other big expense is a great excuse for not having any spare cash.
3. Can they pay me back?
A ‘loan' that the borrower has no hope of repaying is actually a gift, and a generous one at that.
So unless you're feeling particularly charitable (where you don't get a tax deduction), you need to be realistic about whether they can actually repay the money.
Think about the character of the person asking for money, talk to them about how exactly they're going to manage the repayments, and don't accept vague or unconvincing answers.
Ask them to provide you with a budget on their family finances and ask that they provide you with a monthly update to see whether they're sticking to the plan.
Camera Icon Asking “can they pay me back” is important, says David Koch. Picture: News Corp Australia
4. What are the alternatives?
Banks and other financial institutions make their money from lending.
They have a comprehensive lending process that lets them fully assess a potential borrower's ability to repay a loan, or their creditworthiness.
It could be better for everyone involved if the borrower approached a bank, which will take the emotion out of it and reduce the risk of personal problems down the track.
If they've already approached a bank and been rejected, then you should be very careful about agreeing to lend to them privately.
The bank has knocked them back for a reason. Maybe ask to see their credit report and credit rating which they can easily get from www.getcreditscore.com.au.
5. What will happen if I say no?
There's always the potential to harm relationships when money gets involved.
Every situation is different, so think about yours carefully and weigh up the importance of being loyal to someone close to you compared to protecting your financial situation.
If you can't afford the loan, or it will put you in financial jeopardy if it's not repaid, then sit the borrower down and explain why. You might find that you're able to help them in other ways.
6. What will happen if I say yes?
If you do decide to say yes then it's crucial to formalise the agreement so that both parties are on the same page.
Document the terms of the loan, including the amount provided, the parties involved and the repayment schedule, and have the borrower sign a copy.
This will ensure that there is a clear reference point if things go wrong down the track and give you peace of mind, too.
BITCOIN: Should you buy it now?
You should also have the ability to repossess the asset if the loan isn't repaid. A bank will so why shouldn't you.
If the money is to finance a new business then ask for a monthly meeting and management accounts to track the business' progress.
The Serbs can still secure first place with a home win against Georgia on Monday. But Wales was only a point behind Serbia, and Ireland was another point back and still alive after defeating Moldova 2-0 in Dublin.
Wales and Ireland meet on Monday to decide their fate.
GROUP G
Spain defeated Albania with first-half goals by Rodrigo, Isco, and Thiago Alcantara in a match marked by mixed reaction toward Pique, who was booed and applauded by different parts of the crowd of nearly 30,000 fans in Alicante.
Many fans have targeted Pique for being openly critical of the Spanish government's handling of the independence referendum organized by Catalonia on Sunday, when authorities and voters confronted each other in violent clashes.
Italy's chance of winning the group ended with a surprise draw in Turin. Defender Giorgio Chiellini put the Italians ahead shortly before halftime but Macedonia substitute Aleksandar Trajkovski equalized near the end.
"The jeers at the end were deserved looking at how we played after the break," Italy coach Gian Piero Ventura said.
Liechtenstein fell at home to Israel 1-0 for its ninth straight loss. Liechtenstein has been outscored 35 to one.
GROUP I
Iceland was at the top of the group after its stunning 3-0 win at Turkey.
With Finland surprisingly holding Croatia to 1-1 away, and Ukraine taking three points from Kosovo after a 2-0 away win, the tightest group in European qualifying will have to be decided on Monday in the last round of matches.
Iceland leads with 19 points, and Croatia and Ukraine are two points behind. Turkey is out of contention with 14 as well as Finland with 8.
Iceland is a clear favourite when it hosts last-placed Kosovo in its last qualifier, while Croatia has to travel to Ukraine.
___
More AP World Cup coverage: www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
___
Tales Azzoni on Twitter: http://twitter.com/tazzoni
By Tales Azzoni, The Associated Press
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
× #SonicBoomDay encourages fans to voice support for return of NBA to Seattle
SEATTLE — A University of Washington professor urged people to take time Monday to contact city leaders about how they feel about the future of professional basketball in Seattle and the various arena proposals. The day is dubbed, “Sonic Boom Day.”
Professor Jeffrey Shulman said they wanted everyone to call, tweet or write to city council members, no matter their opinion.
“Sonic Boom day is not just about sports it's about taking control of the future of this city and having your voice heard. Everyone's voice matters whether you're a sports fan or not and now is the time to express that,” said Shulman.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
COMMENTARY: The arena end game should be – MUST be – a Sonics return to Seattle
Shulman told people to be respectful when reaching out to city council members. They also said to tell them where you live, share what you want and reasons for it, be concise, avoid threats of any kind and thank your council member or aide.
They also provided a sample script for you to use:
I live in WHERE YOU LIVE . I am reaching out in support of CHOOSE: A SODO ARENA / A SEATTLE CENTER ARENA . I have been learning about the key issues from ENTER INFORMATION SOURCE (E.G., SEATTLE GROWTH PODCAST). I believe CHOOSE: SODO/ SEATTLE CENTER , is the right choice because WRITE ONE TO THREE REASONS . I hope you will support ENTER ARENA . Thank you for your time.
People took their opinions to Twitter, using the hashtag #SonicBoomDay
Dear @SeattleCouncil we must bring the #NBA and #NHL back to Seattle and create a new generation of sonic fans in this area.
#SonicBoomDay — Nelson Amador (@SeattleNelson11) April 17, 2017
@seattlecouncil At the "Space Needle" in Basel, Switzerland - Bring back the Sonics and I will make my first trip to Seattle! #sonicboomday pic.twitter.com/x0unquF0Fi — Rob Marland (@BaubleRob) April 17, 2017
It's time to bring our boys back to #Seattle PLEASE BRING BACK OUR SEATTLE SUPER SONICS!!! #SonicBoomDay — Holly Chisa (@HollyChisa) April 17, 2017
Just found this in my desk. The ticket stub to the last game I went to 10 years ago. Pretty fitting for #sonicboomday #BringBackOurSonics pic.twitter.com/ldZKDbhHe1 — Luis (@Gonzales_Lui) April 17, 2017
Dear @SeattleCouncil please do your part to ensure our team has a home. We need action in bringing back our Sonics!#sonicboomday pic.twitter.com/8ho0beO8Yq — Ryan Shea (@rcshea17) April 17, 2017
NEXT: The arena end game should be – MUST be – a Sonics return to Seattle
AUSTIN, Texas — Texas will be without leading scorer Andrew Jones for several games because of a fracture in their right wrist.
Jones was injured in late the second half of last week's win at VCU. The guard is averaging 15.3 points this season for the Longhorns (6-2).
Jones flirted with leaving for the NBA after their first-year student season but chose to return for their sophomore year. Coach Shaka Smart on Monday wouldn't put a timetable on Jones' return, but the injury is not expected to be season-ending.
Texas hosts Michigan (8-3) Tuesday night.
Everyone's favourite noughties mobile phone, the Nokia 3310, is expected to make a comeback this year with manufacturer, HMD set to launch the Nokia 3320.
The 3320 is expected to be smaller and more compact - and as long as Snake is still available fans will be happy. Here are six phones we also think could benefit from a relaunch too:
0 Cable operators lost almost 1 million subscribers in 2017
As more people are exposed to the various video streaming services on the market, subscription losses mounted for traditional TV providers in 2017, according to new industry figures. The number of viewers paying for subscription services fell 3.7% last year, research firm Kagan says.
The numbers, from Kagan's 4th-quarter U.S. Multichannel Subscriber Report, were released last week and are just the latest indication of the challenges cable operators face in finding and keeping customers who are willing to pay in excess of $100 a month to watch their favorite shows.
New report: Pay TV subscriptions fell nearly 4% in 2017
Since reaching their peak around five years ago, cable, satellite and telco operators have lost 7.4 million customers, according to Kagan, a division of S&P Global Intelligence.
“Cable operators lost an estimated 986,411 video subscribers in 2017, more than twice the 2016 drop,” the report says.”That broke the sector's three-year streak of decelerating video subscriber losses.”
But don't think the losses indicate the total collapse of the market — 2017 still saw 94 million subscribers hold on to their cable packages.
Money expert Clark Howard says that the various streaming options available today present a time of opportunity for people looking for affordable TV options.
“Each of these [streaming services] have plusses and minuses and they are not the same as sitting down with a traditional paid TV remote and just changing channels,” they say in a recent podcast. “They require more thinking, but they also offer more flexibility. You can watch whenever and wherever.”
Team Clark has reviewed the top streaming platforms on the market right now. If you're looking for an affordable way to watch content, DirecTV Now, YouTube TV, PlayStation Vue, Hulu with Live TV and Sling TV are the five leading providers to consider right now.
Check out our best live streaming plans and deals for 2018.
Clark.com
Four noisy, disruptive protestors had to be removed from the town hall in Nanaimo where the Prime Minister was speaking.
They were upset about the federal government's approval of the Kinder Morgan pipeline and continued to yell out while Justin Trudeau tried to answer questions about the federal government's approval of the project….
Trudeau also spent a fair bit of time explaining the “values test” on the summer job application form.
That test asks applicants to check a box affirming they respect the values set out in the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms, including women's reproductive and LGBTQ rights.
1600 people made it into the venue in Nanaimo but as many as 2,000 did not.
Trudeau spent almost two hours answering questions that ranged from affordable housing, barriers to accessibility, NAFTA, residential schools, fish farming, drug prices, and the opioid crisis.
LOS ANGELES >> Two former social workers and their supervisors accused of failing to protect an 8-year-old Palmdale boy from deadly abuse by their mother and then-boyfriend pleaded not guilty Monday to charges of child abuse and falsifying records.
Stefanie Rodriguez, 32, Patricia Clement, 66, Kevin Bom, 37, and Gregory Merritt, 61, were fired from their jobs following an internal investigation into the May 24, 2013, death of Gabriel Fernandez.
On March 20, all four were ordered to stand trial on one felony count each of child abuse and falsifying records. Each defendant faces up to 10 years in prison if convicted. A pretrial hearing has been set for April 27.
Pearl Fernandez, 33, and their then-boyfriend, Isauro Aguirre, 36, are awaiting trial on a murder charge stemming from their son's death. The Los Angeles District Attorney's Office plans to seek the death penalty against the two.
Following a preliminary hearing, Los Angeles Superior Court Judge M.L. Villar found that the social workers and their superiors had a duty to protect the boy and had plenty of reason to suspect that the youngster might be seriously injured or killed.
“Red flags were everywhere, yet no referrals were ever made for a medical exam,” Villar said, citing reports of injuries by Gabriel's teacher, who took photos, and a welfare office worker.
“The abuse was clearly escalating. Reckless and criminal negligence is found here,” the judge ruled.
In San Bernardino County's High Desert region, hundreds of child custody cases may be jeopardized because Bom — a Phelan resident who resigned from their supervisory job in L.A. County in 2013 — had recently been a court mediator in Victorville.  They are currently on paid administrative leave pending an investigation, officials in San Bernardino County said.
• Related story: LA County social workers, supervisors to stand trial in death of Gabriel Fernandez, 8
Gabriel lived with their mother's parents in Pacoima from the age of 1 month until October 2012, when their mother decided they wanted custody and asked the Los Angeles County Department of Children and Family Services for help, according to court records.
On May 22, 2013, only months after they went to live with their mother, Gabriel was found unresponsive. They died at a local hospital two days later. They had a fractured skull, several broken ribs and burns over their body, among other injuries, prosecutors said.
Advertisement
Court records have indicated there were more than 60 complaints lodged with the department about Fernandez and eight investigations started on the family, including one underway when Gabriel died. Prosecutors alleged the four social workers were negligent and minimized dozens of complaints filed against Gabriel's mother and their boyfriend.
Clement's attorney, Shelly Albert, told reporters earlier this month that the prosecution was “an aberration” and said it amounted to holding the social workers “vicariously liable for acts of the parents.”
Gabriel's death prompted a firestorm of criticism of the Department of Children and Family Services over reports that social workers repeatedly visited the family's home in response to allegations of abuse but left the boy in their mother's custody.
James Barnes, one of two attorneys for Merritt, told reporters following the preliminary hearing that Villar's ruling was “totally incorrect legally,” contending the legal duty that the social workers had was not to the child but to control the mother's behavior.
There was simply not enough evidence for the Department of Children and Family Services to take the child away from their mother, the defense attorney said.
But Deputy District Attorney Ana Maria Lopez accused the defendants of making “a deliberate choice to circumvent the system,” taking shortcuts and violating procedures. Prosecutors allege that Rodriguez and Clement falsified reports that should have documented signs of escalating physical abuse and the family's lapsed cooperation with DCFS.
Prosecutors also contend that Bom and Merritt knew or should have known they were approving false reports that conflicted with evidence of Gabriel's deteriorating physical health, allowing the boy to remain in the home until they died.
“It was their responsibility to protect Gabriel,” Lopez said, “to remove this child and put them in a safe place. That's where they failed.”
City News Service contributed to this report.
Hey, guys and gals! It's Featured Artist Friday! As usual, I've got 3 songs up for inclusion in our rotation and this week! This week we're celebrating Tim Rushlow birthday they were born Oct 6, 1966 in Arlington, Texas. They become the lead singer of Little Texas! Visit us on our Facebook page and let us know what you think.
Track Listing
Amy's Back in Austin My Love God Blessed Texas
Video Previews
MADRID — Asier Illarramendi scored two second-half goals as Real Sociedad routed Deportivo La Coruna 5-0 to end a four-match winless streak in the Spanish league on Friday.
Willian Jose, Aritz Elustondo and Sergio Canales also scored for Sociedad at Anoeta Stadium.
The hosts hadn't won since a 3-1 result against Sevilla last year.
The winless streak for relegation-wary Deportivo increased to seven matches. Deportivo is 18th in the 20-team standings.
THE CANADIAN PRESS
OTTAWA -- Two members of the Canadian Forces have been charged with sexually assaulting other military personnel in separate incidents.
National Defence says Cpl. George MacLeod of 36 Combat Engineer Regiment reserve unit in Sydney, N.S., was charged in relation to an alleged incident during a training exercise at Base Gagetown in New Brunswick in August.
The National Investigation Service offered no other details, saying only that the incident involved another member of the Armed Forces.
In a second case, Master Cpl. Maxime Demers of the Canadian Forces Health Services at Canadian Forces Base Borden, is also facing a charge of sexually assaulting another member at a private residence in Halifax in June 2014 when they were posted to HMCS Charlottetown.
The investigation service says the charges could go before military court martials.
Dates and locations for the hearings have not been determined.
By Mike Wilcox
Publisher
There are a couple movements gathering signatures as we speak to remove California from the United States. The high-profile groups “Yes California” and “California National Party” expect to get the issue on the state ballot within the next couple years.
Political pundits say if the issue gets on the ballot, it has a good chance of passing, possibly making California an independent nation.
Of course the Trump presidency has fueled the nationalist movement in California. One of only five states that has a Democratic governor and majority in the state legislature, California has always leaned left. It is the last place in America where the political left rules unimpeded over a society and economy large enough to prosper as a nation.
Many of us don't realize California has the sixth largest economy in the world. That essentially means, after the United States, China, Russia, India and Japan, there is California with a larger economy than Great Britain, France or any other country.
On the flip side, California and its close-to-40-million residents have problems. Poverty levels greater than Appalachia are strangling parts of the state. Immigration, much of it illegal, feeds poverty and crime. The high cost of living adds to the equation. One wonders without the federal government pouring money in to the state, how they would prosper as their own nation.
Venture capitalist and billionaire Tim Draper thinks it can work. He's devised a plan where the new nation would be divided into six states. It's a ballot initiative called “Six Californias.” Draper allows for Los Angeles and the ultra-liberal actors to have their own state. Silicon Valley and San Francisco to have another. The up-north hippies who voted for Bernie Sanders and then Donald Trump would have another. And so on.
The California National Party's platform calls for a “small professional military,” but offers an out for objectors called a civil corps. The group hopes to share defense duties with the United States. So if you object to war and serving your country, you don't have to. How convenient. Do these party leaders really think any Californians will serve if they don't have to?
Only in California would crazy ideas like these be seriously considered. The so-called Second Bear Republic, which has passed all kinds of questionable ballot initiatives the past few years, could pass a secessionist initiative. It is not out of the realm of possibility.
I have a friend who hates everything about California. They hate Jerry Brown, who seems to have been the state governor longer than General Motors has made cars. Heck I remember, or I think I do, Jerry in the 1970s leading the charge against conservatism.
My friend hates Hollywood and liberal actors who they think know nothing about what they spew. They hate Silicon Valley and all the new tech companies that come up with gadgets that interrupt their traditional way of doing things.
Maybe he's just a hater, but trust me, they would be first in line to wish California residents good riddance. I have a feeling there would be scores of Trump-lovers and ultra-conservatives who would join them in that line.
BRIEF-China Science Publishing & Media says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.033 yuan per share(before tax) for 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
Today's news that the Garden Bridge project has been officially scrapped is very welcome. The entire project was a "scandalous waste of public funds."
This is the final nail in the coffin of the Garden Bridge.
Over £37m has already been spent on this vanity project by the previous Mayor.
It is a scandalous waste of public money.
London needs investment in its public transport, but this project consistently failed to show it provided value for money.
It beggars belief that this much taxpayers' cash could have been wasted with nothing to show for it.
Golf-Erin Hills new major mountain for golfers to conquer
ERIN HILLS, Wisconsin, June 13 The U.S. Open is about as close as golfers get to stepping into a ring and this year they face a new contender for the sport's toughest test when they take on Erin Hills.
Home improvements can be a very tedious process. Learning all you can about the subject will help things go quickly and smoothly. The following information includes the tips you need to successfully complete your home improvement projects.
If you are looking to tile a floor on the cheap, pass on stone or ceramic tiles, and use vinyl instead. Vinyl is a strong substance that can stand up to water and can be easily installed thanks to adhesive backing. As an added convenience, vinyl tiling is available in sheets or sets, depending on the size of the area you need to cover.
Considering the cost of hiring a plumber, you will probably want to do some of the simpler plumbing tasks yourself. An essential tool is the pipe wrench. It is adjustable, so it can fit a pipe perfectly, and it provides an excellent grip and leverage. This one tool will more than pay for itself.
Consider hiring a professional to do the electrical work for your home improvement project. It may seem easy to change out an outlet from two prongs to three, but if you are unfamiliar with electrical work, the safest thing to do is to have an electrician take care of the rewiring for you.
To see a return on your home improvement project, consider converting existing space into a new living environment for your family. Making an attic into a bedroom or finishing off your basement will earn you extra money when reselling your home because you are utilizing something that is already available to create a desirable feature.
Take your trash out at least once a day. Don't let your trash pile in the kitchen because it attracts flies and ants as well as mold. Make sure that you don't let your trash take over your kitchen and set aside three minutes a day when you throw it out.
If you desire to replace your window screen but you could not find a window that fits, it is easy to make one. You can buy a frame kit that you cut to fit any window. Then, all you do is attach the screen using the cording that is provided and some tools you probably have around the house. Even if your window requires an external screen with special attachments, you'll find appropriate adapters available that can be easily added to any screen.
Free up some cabinet space in your kitchen by using a metal desk organizer to store cutting boards, jelly roll pans and cookie sheets. This will not only give you the much-needed cabinet space, but keep you from having to open every single drawer in your kitchen to find one item you could use.
Before you begin to paint the bookshelf in your living room, make sure to sand it down to it's natural finish. After you sand it down, be sure to read the pros and cons of each paint choice. By doing this, you'll end up with the bookshelf you imagined.
Homes that are built in warmer parts of the country often lack proper insulation for the brief periods of cold temperatures. Instead of wrapping your water pipes with rags or pieces of cloth, spend just a few dollars to purchase a flexible, foam pipe covering from the hardware store. This is a permanent solution that will keep your pipes from bursting during an unexpected freeze.
If you are unable to pick a paint color because you are not sure how the colors will look in your desired room, purchase a small amount of paint in different colors to test out on the wall. Having a larger color swatch to look at and evaluate in your room's lighting can help you to make a decision.
Weather needs to be considered. If rainy or windy days are common, investing in a nice patio or outdoor kitchen may not be so wise. Covering the patio may get rid of this issue, but you have to be willing to drop the money on the extras.
Although hardwood floors are popular for the first floor, try to add carpet to the second floor rooms. This makes it more comfortable with stepping out of bed, as carpet is plush and comfortable for feet. Also, make sure to pick out a carpet with top of the line quality.
Make sure you really understand the costs or a project. Don't underestimate it. Do your homework and consult with experts if need be to be sure you really understand how best to approach your project. This will allow you to deal with problems more efficiently.
If you are putting in new counter tops, or just doing surface fixes in your kitchen, add a decorative back splash. This area behind your counters and between the cabinets is often just painted the same color as the walls. Adding tile, or other decorative touches will really make a dramatic statement in your kitchen.
How will you clean up? Particularly if you are going to be demolishing part of your home, you will have a lot of trash that is generated. This debris will be a hassle to you if you don't know where to put it. Therefore, you should either borrow a friend's large truck or rent a dumpster in order to get rid of the debris so you can resume your renovations.
As stated above, home improvement projects can be a lot of fun, even though they can be intimidating for some. If you have the right help and solid advice, you can increase the chance of a project going well. Use the tips you have just read, when you are planning and doing a home improvement project.
Area's growth agenda on show in run-up to British F1 Grand Prix
OPPORTUNITIES for businesses to combine growth and quality of life in South Northamptonshire will be placed on a world-wide stage during the build-up to the British Formula One Grand Prix.
Members of South Northamptonshire Council's economic growth team will be promoting the area at an international level at the upcoming Motorsport Industry Association Business Growth Conference held at Sahara Force India Formula One Team HQ in Silverstone on Thursday (July 5).
In partnership with Aylesbury Vale District Council, MEPC who run Silverstone Park and local company Octane Junkies, the council will have a joint stand where they will be inviting delegates to learn more about their combined offering and experience a racing simulator.
Cllr Stephen Clarke, SNC's portfolio holder for growth and regeneration, said: “The purpose for uniting with nearby partners is to promote the councils' position within the Oxford-Cambridge Growth Corridor and the role that the Silverstone Technology Cluster plays in shaping the technology of the future.
“The British F1 Grand Prix is one of the world's premier sporting events and because of the exposure it can garner. Industry leaders know that the MIA Business Conference is the place to establish innovative connections and be first in line to hear and see developments that impact a wide range of sectors for business.”
The MIA Business Growth Conference will be attended by both international and national stakeholders spanning a wide range of sectors including high-tech, motorsport, automotive and entertainment sectors.
For more information on investment in South Northamptonshire, visit www.investinsouthnorthants.com
04-07-2018
OTTAWA, April 13 The Canadian job vacancy rate edged higher in the fourth quarter compared to the year before as the number of open positions rose in provinces that have had the strongest labor markets, data from Statistics Canada showed on Thursday.
The national vacancy rate rose to 2.4 percent in the fourth quarter of last year, up from 2.3 percent in the fourth quarter of 2015. The vacancy rate measures the share of all available jobs that are unfilled.
The number of jobs that were open jumped 6.3 percent to 374,895, led by a rise in vacancies in British Columbia, Ontario and Quebec, three provinces that have had the largest employment growth in the country, the statistics agency said.
"Clearly in those markets demand for labor has been quite strong and, apparently, not entirely satisfied either," said Robert Hogue, senior economist at Royal Bank of Canada.
"It's a sign of a fairly robust labor market."
Vacancies rose 21 percent in British Columbia, while its vacancy rate rose to 3.3 percent. The province has had the highest vacancy rate among the provinces since the third quarter of 2015.
Higher vacancy rates often suggest economic growth. British Columbia had the lowest unemployment rate in the country in March at 5.4 percent, well below the national rate of 6.7 percent.
Quebec's vacancy rate rose to 1.8 percent, while Ontario's increased to 2.6 percent, with the major city of Toronto accounting for much of the increase in unfilled positions.
Strong job growth in Canada in recent months has suggested the economy is turning a corner after being hit by a drop in oil prices in 2015.
The fourth-quarter vacancy figures confirmed the labor market had good momentum heading into 2017, Hogue said.
"We continue to expect that overall employment will continue to grow moderately," they said. (Reporting by Leah Schnurr; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
Trump call for unity among Americans in their State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Trump call for unity among Americans in their State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop their story about a "consensual" relationship
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop their story about a "consensual" relationship
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as they await another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as they await another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Cancer from cellphones? New studies say no need to hang up
Cancer from cellphones? New studies say no need to hang up
A new study finds how deep wastewater is injected is key to understanding the quake outbreak in Oklahoma.
A new study finds how deep wastewater is injected is key to understanding the quake outbreak in Oklahoma.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said their customer didn't raise suspicions that they planned to commit any crimes.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said their customer didn't raise suspicions that they planned to commit any crimes.
It's an annual rite in Fairfax County, one of the wealthiest counties in America: hundreds of second-graders trooping off to private psychologists, taking IQ tests to prove they're worthy of the county's advanced academic programs.
It's an annual rite in Fairfax County, one of the wealthiest counties in America: hundreds of second-graders trooping off to private psychologists, taking IQ tests to prove they're worthy of the county's advanced...
The father of three of Larry Nassar's victims has apologized to a judge after they tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment.
The father of three of Larry Nassar's victims has apologized to a judge after they tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment.
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actor Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actor Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
The families of six Americans kidnapped and killed in Colombia during the 1990s by the terrorist organization known as FARC are seeking damages from banana giant Chiquita Brands International because of payments the company made to the group.
The families of six Americans kidnapped and killed in Colombia during the 1990s by the terrorist organization known as FARC are seeking damages from banana giant Chiquita Brands International because of payments...
The city of New Orleans is perhaps one of the best examples of what President Donald Trump calls the country's "crumbling infrastructure.".
The city of New Orleans is perhaps one of the best examples of what President Donald Trump calls the country's "crumbling infrastructure.".
By DAVID PORTER
Associated Press
HIGHLAND PARK, N.J. (AP) - A federal judge has temporarily halted deportation proceedings against Indonesian Christians who are in the U.S. illegally but are seeking to gain legal status, including a man honored for their work helping to rebuild more than 200 homes after Superstorm Sandy.
The order Friday was issued by U.S. District Judge Esther Salas in Newark in response to a lawsuit filed by the American Civil Liberties Union and applies to Indonesians who have orders of removal dating to before 2009.
The order affects roughly 50 people in New Jersey who had identified themselves to Immigration and Customs Enforcement in 2009 as part of a program to obtain work authorization and stays of deportation, according to the ACLU and Seth Kaper-Dale, co-pastor of a church where some of the immigrants sought sanctuary.
The lawsuit came after several enforcement actions by immigration authorities in New Jersey that targeted Indonesian Christians and rekindled fears in a community that includes people who left Indonesia years ago to escape religious persecution.
Two men were arrested last month after they dropped their children off at school. Harry Pangemanan, who has been in the country since 1993 and lives with their wife and two daughters in central New Jersey, sought sanctuary at the Reformed Church of Highland Park, where they are an elder and where they spent nine months in 2012 under similar circumstances.
Two other men, Arthur Jemmy and Yohanes Tasik, already were living there to avoid detention.
Salas ordered both sides to file briefs over the next month.
A spokesperson for ICE's Newark office didn't immediately return a message seeking comment.
Pangemanan has been staying in a room that doubles as a children's library at the church and had to move their belongings when the library is in use. Their family joined them recently after their home was broken into and vandalized after their name was included in news reports.
"We are trying to stay strong as a family, take one day at a time," they said in an interview with The Associated Press last week. "You do your best today, do something useful, and tomorrow is in god's hands."
Pangemanan came to the country in 1993 on a tourist visa that was to lapse in five years, they said. Their wife came in 1998 during a period of turmoil in Indonesia when Christians were being targeted. They cite that as one reason for not going back.
"A thousand churches were burned to the ground between 1996 and 2003," said Kaper-Dale, of the Highland Park church. "Some islands are safer than others, but it's too simple to say it's safe now."
Pangemanan concedes they didn't know enough about immigration law when they first arrived, and wasn't aware they had one year to apply for asylum. At the time, it didn't seem to matter.
"Nobody asked you, as long as you are a good man, you work hard and help your company, and you pay your taxes," they said. "You're working like everybody else, you don't bother anybody. Then everything changed after Sept. 11."
Working through the church after Sandy devastated the New Jersey coast in 2012, Pangemanan organized more than 2,000 volunteers, matching their skills with the needs of homeowners whose homes had been destroyed. They said they traveled to other areas of the country to perform similar work, including the Carolinas, West Virginia and Texas.
A system put in place after Sept. 11 required non-citizen men and boys from predominantly Arab or Muslim-majority countries to register and be photographed and fingerprinted.
Pangemanan and Jemmy said they complied, and have repeatedly tried to gain legal status since then, without success.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Dozens of singers from along the coast made their way to Edgewater Mall today.
All of them vying for the chance to sing the National Anthem at a Shuckers game at M-G-M park.
Desirae Duncan was there and gives us a look at the talent.
It is time for the second Major Championship of the year on the PGA tour. The 117th edition of the U.S. Open gets under way Thursday morning. For the first time ever, the tournament is taking place in the state of Wisconsin at Erin Hills.
Ranked number one in the world, Dustin Johnson is the defending U.S. Open champion, and in fact, the past three winners are paired together in the first two rounds.
Johnson, Dallas native Jordan Spieth, and Martin Kaymer will tee off Thursday morning at 8:35 a.m.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All Rights Reserved.
Meridian Township Police stated today that they will be making changes to the way the department investigates sexual assault claims. The department is also going to look back over the last 18 years of investigations.
Scroll for more content...
Erin Roberts at End Violent Encounters (EVE), tells FOX 47 that Meridian Township Police have done a great service to the survivors and the community by admitting they were wrong and apologizing for it. They say improving their investigations will help hold the right people accountable.
"Apologies go a long way, transparency goes a long way," said Roberts.
Roberts praised Meridian Township both for the procedural changes it's making and for the apology to Brianne Randall-Gay. They told FOX 47 if more organizations admit their mistakes it could convince more survivors to come forward and start to heal.
"When you realize you're not alone and you have other people that have had similar experiences It will encourage people to come forward," said Roberts.
The changes include annual in-depth instruction in how to investigate criminal sexual conduct cases and teaching officers and detectives how to address survivors and their needs. The department is also asking Randall-Gay to make a video telling their story to be used for training.
Roberts feels empowering them and other survivors will make it easier for police to put predators away.
"Those are the true voices that will lead us into a better society and handleing situations like this," said Roberts.
Meridian Township Police plan to start the new training in March. The department hasn't said how long it will take to implement.
A couple of glasses a day to relax really does help clear the mind, a new study found.
The tipple not only help keeps down inflammation but helps flush the brain of toxins, including those associated with Alzheimer's disease and dementia.
Lead author Dr Maiken Nedergaard, co-director of the Centre for Translational Neuromedicine said: “Prolonged intake of excessive amounts of ethanol is known to have adverse effects on the central nervous system.
“However, in this study we have shown for the first time that low doses of alcohol are potentially beneficial to brain health, namely it improves the brain's ability to remove waste.”
The new study adds to a growing body of research that daily low amounts of alcohol is good for you.
While excessive drinking is harmful, many studies have linked lower levels of drinking with a reduced risk of cardiovascular diseases as well as a number of cancers.
Dr Nedergaard's research focused on the glymphatic system, the brain's unique cleaning process first described by them and their colleagues in 2012.
They showed how cerebral spinal fluid (CSF) is pumped into brain tissue and flushes away waste, including the proteins beta amyloid and tau associated with Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia.
Subsequent research showed the glymphatic system was more active while we slept, can be damaged by stroke and trauma, and improves with exercise.
The new study looked at the impact of both acute and chronic alcohol exposure.
The study by University of Rochester Medical Centre was conducted in mice who drank the equivalent of two-and-a-half drinks of wine a day.
The NHS recommends men and women not to drink more than 14 units a week on a regular basis with one unit equal to 10ml or 8g of pure alcohol.
A standard 175ml glass of 12 per cent red, white or rose wine has 2.1 units.
The mice were given received low, intermediate, and high doses of alcohol at 0.5, 1.5 and 4g/kg. When they studied the brains of animals exposed to high levels of alcohol over a long period of time, they observed high levels of a molecular marker for inflammation, particularly in cells called astrocytes which are key regulators of the glymphatic system.
They also noted impairment of the animal's cognitive abilities and motor skills.
Yet mice exposed to low levels of alcohol consumption, analogous to approximately two-and-a-half drinks per day, actually showed less inflammation in the brain. Their glymphatic system was also more efficient in moving CSF through the brain and removing waste, compared to control “teetotal” mice.
Yet mice who drank low amounts also performed identically to the “teetotal” mice in cognitive and motor test.
Dr Nedergaard said: “We here investigated the effect of acute and chronic alcohol treatments on glymphatic function in mice, finding that acute alcohol intake potently alters glymphatic function in the awake state depending on the dosage.
“Intermediate dose alcohol exposure (1.5 g/kg), corresponding to 7.9 standard daily drinks (NIH definition; 12-ounce beers containing 5% alcohol, or 5-ounce glasses of wine containing 12% alcohol for a person weighing 70 kg), decreased glymphatic function following both acute and 30 days of chronic exposure. “The suppression of glymphatic function was however not permanent, because glymphatic function was restored at 24 hours after termination of chronic moderate alcohol administration.
“A very high dose of alcohol (4 g/kg), corresponding to 21 standard drinks per day, also to acutely reduce glymphatic function.
“Unexpectedly, however, the low dose of alcohol (0.5 g/kg) significantly improved glymphatic activity, acutely and after 30 days of chronic exposure.”
Dr Nedergaard added: “The data on the effects of alcohol on the glymphatic system seemingly matches the J-shaped model relating to the dose effects of alcohol on general health and mortality, whereby low doses of alcohol are beneficial, while excessive consumption is detrimental to overall health.
“Studies have shown that low-to-moderate alcohol intake is associated with a lesser risk of dementia, while heavy drinking for many years confers an increased risk of cognitive decline.
“This study may help explain why this occurs. Specifically, low doses of alcohol appear to improve overall brain health.
“In conclusion, the main finding of this study is that a low dose of ethanol, comparable to 2.6 daily drink equivalents (for a 70kg person) per day, increases glymphatic function in mice, which is expected to facilitate clearance of metabolic waste and potentially toxic proteins from the interstitial fluid.”
The study was published in the journal Scientific Reports.
VERSAILLES – The Troy Trojans traveled to McBo's Lanes on Friday where they came out ahead of the Versailles Tigers boys bowling team 2,435-2,060.
The Versailles boys came out strong and focused against this tough team, scoring their highest two-game total of the year. Individual scores for the Tigers were: Sam Bensman (246, 165), Luke Shellhaas (204, 178), Brandon Bradley (146, 178), Chad Shimp (155, 160) and Tyler Gehret (131, 136).
“It was good to see the boys keep composure and bowl above average against the high level of competition,” Coach Dewey Ward said. “We gained focus in practice as the week progressed, and it showed in the scores.”
The baker scores were also above average for the Tiger boys with games of 193 and 168 to Troy's 216 and 142.
[India], December 11. (ANI): India's Air Chief Marshal Birender Singh Dhanoa is going to Sri Lanka on an official tour from December 11 to 14.
During their visit, the Chief of Air Staff is scheduled to hold meetings with the officials of Sri Lanka Air Force and deliberate on the matters of mutual interest to both the nations related to regional security.
They will also review the Commissioning, Award of Wings and Passing Out Parade of the Lankan Air Force, which is scheduled for December 14. The occasion will be the first in Sri Lankan history to witness a foreign Air Force Chief reviewing the parade ceremony.
According to a statement by the Indian defence ministry, the visit would provide impetus towards increasing defence cooperation between the two Air Forces and pave the way for greater interaction in the future. (ANI)
THE best free agent remaining, Ndamukong Suh, is yet to make up their mind on where he'll ply their trade in the 2018 season.
But according to a report from Yahoo Sports insider Jordan Schultz, the fearsome defensive tackle plans to visit the Los Angeles Rams this week.
It's a move that would see Suh and the Defensive Player of the Year, Aaron Donald combine to create havoc throughout the league. And that's before you consider Michael Brockers too.
The deal is far from a sure thing, with the former $114m Miami star already having visited with the New Orleans Saints and Tennessee Titans.
But for the Rams, who have added Aqib Talib and Marcus Peters to bolster their secondary; a move for Suh would represent a major step in their pursuit of the No.1 spot in the ultra-competitive NFC West.
AROUND THE LEAGUE
ESPN's Adam Schefter reports that center Mike Pouncey has agreed to a two-year, $15m with the Los Angeles Chargers. The former Miami man will receive $10m in guarantees.
Former Dallas Cowboys cornerback Orlando Scandrick will stay in the NFC East and join the Washington Redskins, the team confirmed. NFL Network's Mike Garafolo reports the deal to be two-years, $10m.
According to NFL Network's Ian Rapoport, tight end Eric Ebron will visit with the Indianapolis Colts as they continue on their free agency path, after being released by the Detroit Lions. The former first-round pick has also met with the Carolina Panthers, who lost Ed Dickson to the Seattle Seahawks.
Former Tennessee Titans running back DeMarco Murray is meeting with the Miami Dolphins, per Rapoport.
Ian Rapoport reports Terrelle Pryor has visits with the Seattle Seahawks and New York Jets lined up.
Both Cameron Fleming and LaAdrian Waddle will visit with the Dallas Cowboys, per Rapoport.
[India], Dec 11 (ANI): A class XI student has made a robot by using discarded electronic items, syringes and mobile phone parts in Manipur's Bishnupur district.
The student of Johnstone Higher Secondary School, Thiyam Nandalal, hailed from a poor family.
Speaking to ANI, Nandalal said that the first robot/machine they created was an automatic chicken feeding machine, which dispensed food after a set time without the need for human intervention.
The robot has been named as JON 17. The literal meaning of JON 17 is 'JO' for Johnstone and 'N' for Nandalal and 17 signifies 2017.
Nandalal said that it took them almost fifteen to twenty days to make the robot.
"I can't imagine this project has been materialised. I just prepared the robot with discarded material such as syringe, Horlicks bottle, electronic items, mobile phone parts, LED lamp and others," said Nandalal.
They explained that they created the machine to feed the chickens reared at their home so that they could have time to play football as well as study and added that the machine worked on a time limit set using a mobile phone.
Nandalal stated that although they have not taken part in any science exhibition, they began to create a robot at home after seeing one on TV, by collecting discarded solar lamps, IV pipes, syringes, remote control cars, plastic bottles, speakers and mobile phones .
They initially wanted to show the robot at their school's literary meet but they were not able to finish the robot in time and it was only recently that they brought the robot to school in a suitcase and showed it to their friends.
The robot Nandalal created is still in the science laboratory of Johnstone Higher Secondary School .
The robot can even grasp a water cup just like a human being based on the action of the wearer . The robot can also function when the controller (wearer) is about 20 feet away.
The robot created by the student used the IV pipe as a sort of hydraulic system for movement of its arms .
The School Education Director, in a gesture of encouragement, had given Rs 10,000 to Nandalal's teacher for the robot to be finished.(ANI)
It was love at first click for Jerry O'Connell and Rebecca Romijn.
Speaking with PEOPLE and Entertainment Weekly‘s Editorial Director Jess Cagle for the latest edition of The Jess Cagle Interview, O'Connell, 42, remembers the moment that they first met — and fell — for the woman who would become their wife of nearly 10 years.
“I met my wife and their ex John Stamos at a party when they were married. I remember thinking, ‘Wow. This girl is really beautiful and funny.' I talked to them the whole party. My wife remembers that party and remembers us clicking. We clicked. My wife and I clicked. We clicked the first time we met,” O'Connell admitted about meeting Romijn more than a decade ago at a Maxim party.
Although they had instant chemistry with the former supermodel, O'Connell denies that anything untoward happened while they were still married to the Full House star, 53.
“Obviously, they were married, and I know shenanigans go on, but no shenanigans happened. But we clicked. Day one, we clicked,” said O'Connell about their Romijn, who finalized their divorce from Stamos in 2005. “I want to tell you this about my wife, and my wife says it funnier than I do, but we met. We started hanging out. I came for a sleepover … and I never left. That's the truth. We just clicked.”
Watch the full episode of The Jess Cagle Interview, streaming now on People/Entertainment Weekly Network (PEN). Go to PEOPLE.com/PEN, or download the app for Apple TV, Roku, Amazon Fire TV, Xumo, Chromecast, Xfinity, iOS and Android devices.
The Crossing Jordan alum, who now shares two children with Romijn — 8-year-old twin daughters, Dolly Rebecca Rose and Charlie Tamara Tulip — said that they knew instantly that they and their bride were meant to be.
“When you meet the one, you just know. It just happens. It happened pretty immediately. It happened immediately,” they said.
The pair reconnected later on at another Maxim party when they were separated from Stamos, and they married in 2007.
“I hung out with them pretty much all day and their friend. We went out to dinner that night, a group of us. It wasn't any kind of date. Then their friend, a guy said to me, ‘Take their phone number. I think they want to call you.' I was working it. I got their phone number, and I called her, and then we met up after that Vegas trip back in Los Angeles. We went out,” O'Connell recalled. “My wife was right. We had a sleepover, and I never left. It was great.”
A 1-year-old died after being left in a bathtub, Mathews County Sheriff's Office said.
Scroll for more content...
Officials responded to the 11100 block of John Clayton Memorial Highway Thursday after getting a call around 12:30 p.m.
The report was about an unresponsive 1-year-old who had been reportedly scalded in the bathtub.
The child was taken to Riverside Walter Reed Hospital and Mathews County Sheriff's Office responded to the scene.
The child's mother said the child had been left alone in the bath tub and when they returned the hot water was running and the child was face down in the tub, officials said.
Mathews County Social Services was also contacted and are investigating.
The child was pronounced deceased a short time after arrival at Riverside Walter Reed Hospital.
The body has been taken to the Richmond-Office of the Chief Medical Examinor's Office for autopsy.
The incident is under investigation by the Mathews County Sheriff's Office.
Women stand as Myanmar State Counselor Aung San Suu Kyi talks to people during a visit to an IDP camp outside Myitkyina, the capital city of Kachin state, Myanmar March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Soe Zeya Tun
Myanmar State Counselor Aung San Suu Kyi looks at an amber work shop as they visit an IDP camp outside of Myitkyina, the capital city of Kachin state, Myanmar March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Soe Zeya Tun
FILE PHOTO: Migrant workers supporting Myanmar Foreign Minister and State Counselor Aung San Suu Kyi wave to them during a meeting at the coastal fishery centre of Samut Sakhon, Thailand June 23, 2016. REUTERS/Jorge Silva/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Supporters crowd around a vehicle with Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi as they arrive in Mandalay March 3, 2012. REUTERS/Soe Zeya Tun/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A Rohingya boy carries fishes at the beach in Sittwe in the state of Rakhine, Myanmar March 2, 2017. Picture taken March 2, 2017. REUTERS/Soe Zeya Tun/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Refugee children who fled with their family fighting in neighbouring Myanmar reach for a mobile phone in the house of a relative in the village of Baiyan near Nansan in the Yunan province, China, March 11, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas Peter/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Myanmar pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi returns after giving a speech to their supporters during the election campaign at Kawhmu Township March 22, 2012. REUTERS/Staff/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Mortaza Bibi, a Rohingya refugee who currently takes shelter with a local Bangladeshi family, poses for a photograph in Teknaf near Cox's Bazar, Bangladesh, November 22, 2016. REUTERS/Mohammad Ponir Hossain/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A view shows the Myanmar industrial port terminal at the banks of the Hlaing river in Yangon, June 9, 2016. REUTERS/Soe Zeya Tun/File Photo
Myanmar State Counselor Aung San Suu Kyi smiles as they visit an IDP camp outside of Myitkyina, the capital city of Kachin state, Myanmar March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Soe Zeya Tun
FILE PHOTO: A boy sits in a burnt area after fire destroyed shelters at a camp for internally displaced Rohingya Muslims in the western Rakhine State near Sittwe, Myanmar May 3, 2016. REUTERS/Soe Zeya Tun/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi walks to take an oath at the lower house of parliament in Naypyitaw May 2, 2012. REUTETS/Soe Zeya Tun/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Bangladesh coast guards keep watch in the Thengar Char island in the Bay of Bengal, Bangladesh, February 2, 2017. Picture taken February 2, 2017. REUTERS/Mohammad Ponir Hossain/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A Rohingya refugee girl wipes their eyes as they cry at Leda Unregistered Refugee Camp in Teknaf, Bangladesh, February 15, 2017. REUTERS/Mohammad Ponir Hossain/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi smiles at supporters as they celebrate Thingyan, Myanmar's new year water festival, in front of their home in Yangon April 16, 2012. REUTERS/Soe Zeya Tun/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Myanmar's opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi speaks to the Myanmar community living in Singapore, on the island of Sentosa in Singapore September 22, 2013. REUTERS/Edgar Su/File Photo
YANGON/NAYPYITAW At the beginning of this year, Myanmar's leader Aung San Suu Kyi sat down with one of their advisers to go through priorities for the coming months. They began with an apology for the slow pace of economic reform.
"You must be very disappointed," they said. "You know, my plan had been that we would get the peace process done and then I would be able to bring my attention - personally - to the economy."
The remark, recounted to Reuters by the adviser speaking on condition of anonymity, offers a rare insight into Suu Kyi's thinking on what some critics say are the defining issues of their first year in power: continued fighting with ethnic armed groups in the north, sluggish progress on retooling an economy stunted by decades of military rule, and a reluctance to delegate power to others.
Suu Kyi - who had been globally celebrated as a hero of democracy - took over last April, forming Myanmar's first civilian government in half a century amid soaring hopes among both their backers in Western governments and ordinary voters at home.
A year on things look very different.
Last week, the United Nations Human Rights Council moved to probe allegations of crimes against humanity committed against Rohingya Muslims by Myanmar soldiers on the watch of the Nobel Peace Prize winner.
Suu Kyi's support for the security operation in northwestern Rakhine State, during which about 75,000 members of the stateless Rohingya minority have fled to Bangladesh, has strained relations with the West. U.N. officials have told Reuters more than 1,000 people may have been killed.
Meanwhile, the government's domestic performance has struggled to match the optimism that swept their National League for Democracy (NLD) to a landslide election win.
"Many voters feel frustrated," said NLD lawmaker Myo Zaw Aung, citing pervasive low-level corruption as one source of disaffection among a population who also face ramshackle public services and wages among the lowest in Southeast Asia.
"People had sky-high expectations for NLD, but actually the change can't be that dramatic - they are not seeing an obvious change at the grassroots level."
Suu Kyi's spokesperson, Zaw Htay, did not respond to Reuters' questions about the government's first year in office. Requests for an interview with Suu Kyi have gone unanswered or have been rejected over the past year. They have given only two interviews, both to broadcasters overseas, in that time.
"FIGHTING NEVER GOES AWAY"
When they came to power, Suu Kyi said their number one priority was ending the myriad ethnic conflicts involving more than 20 rebel groups that have kept Myanmar in a state of near-perpetual civil war since independence in 1948.
That goal remains as elusive as ever, and some critics say that, mired in complex, on-off peace talks, Suu Kyi has taken their eye off the economy.
Growth, albeit still relatively strong, has slowed since they took power, while foreign direct investment has fallen sharply.
"She had the whole world and everyone at home on their side. And look what happened: they have alienated the ethnics, they have lost the battle over Rakhine ... and has not delivered on the economy," said a recent former senior Western diplomat to the country.
Suu Kyi's defenders say they are hamstrung by a constitution written by the military that - along with disqualifying them from the presidency - left the army in control of key security ministries and much of the apparatus of the state.
Some say they believe they have supported the military because their ultimate goal is to coax the generals into accepting a re-writing of the constitution - over which they wield a veto thanks to the bloc of seats reserved for the army in parliament.
"It might be part of their strategy to change the military's mindset and to lead them into the democratic change," said Myat Thu, chair of the Yangon School of Political Science. "But after one year, many people want to see concrete results."
When they took charge of the peace process Suu Kyi dismantled a peace centre - set up by the previous semi-civilian government - that was leading talks with ethnic armed groups.
Some observers say that was a mistake, because experienced negotiators who had built up trust with ethnic minority representatives were removed.
"Ethnic leaders describe their meetings with them as like a principal and their students," said one former negotiator, who was briefed on the talks and whose account was broadly backed up by other observers. "She's always up high, and treats them like they are below her."
Several conflicts have reignited since Suu Kyi took power, displacing an estimated 160,000 more people, according to U.N. data.
Most recently, fighting with Kokang rebels in the hills along the Chinese border sent about 20,000 refugees fleeing to China's Yunnan province.
"This fighting never goes away," said one of those who fled, 75-year-old Tao Xiaoshun, still looking for their son lost amid the chaos. "The Myanmar government is too far away. They don't take care of us."
SPOILT CHILDREN
A criticism of the NLD in power has been the extent to which decision-making is concentrated with Suu Kyi, who rules through the specially created position of "State Counsellor".
"She doesn't have a process in place to tackle several issues at the same time," said the former Western diplomat. "She gets easily distracted and they micro-manages. There's no one driving the smart thinking, no one manages the in-tray."
There are few signs of a new generation of leaders emerging from within the NLD, which has always been run by a narrow group close to the charismatic Suu Kyi. Most are fellow former political prisoners, shut out from government for decades and with little executive or lawmaking experience.
Some advisers said the problem was not with Suu Kyi but with senior civil servants in the capital Naypyitaw who they mostly retained, despite many being former army officers or having close military ties.
"In every sector the bureaucrats are still using the same old tactics ... denying every accusation, stonewalling everything," said Han Tha Myint, one of NLD's leaders, adding that the administration had been trying to foster a more open attitude.
Suu Kyi wanted to run the government "like a mother", they said, bringing everyone on board in the spirit of national reconciliation and treating officials "like their children", but that the loyalties of some remained with the country's former military rulers.
"This style is very dangerous. The children are already spoilt and need more strict measures," said Han Tha Myint. "I think mainly it's a cultural problem, but there are elements of sabotage."
"MOMENT, NOT MOMENTUM"
Suu Kyi made a brief push on the economy in September, courting investors during a visit to the United States where they oversaw the cancellation of Washington's economic sanctions on the country, while moving to finalise a long-awaited investment law.
But rather than generating momentum, another advisor to the government said, the push turned out to merely be a "moment".
Suu Kyi took months to install members to a panel that approves investments. A new Companies Act, to replace an early 20th century law and ease rules on foreign ownership, has floundered in the parliament.
This has meant approvals for projects from overseas in the 11 months to February stood at just $6 billion, compared with almost $9.5 billion in the full fiscal year to March 2016, government data show.
The World Bank says gross domestic product growth will fall to 6.5 percent in the current fiscal year from 7.3 percent a year earlier and 8 percent in 2014-15.
Washington D.C.-based Anthony Nelson, a director at consultancy Albright Stonebridge Group who has accompanied U.S. business delegations to Myanmar, says there was a general understanding that rural development and infrastructure were vital to the country's economic growth.
"But it's important for (the government) to spell that out and lay out what they are going to prioritize," they said. "What's the number one goal here? What's the best way we can do things? It's not as clear as it could be."
Suu Kyi's supporters point to positives - state banks are being restructured, loss-making enterprises shuttered, and the first NLD budget is fiscally stable, with larger allocations for healthcare and education, for years underfunded in favour of military expenditure.
But more needs to be done, said Win Than, a senior member of a parliamentary commission dealing with high-priority reforms. Like many Suu Kyi allies, they argued that economic improvements would aid reconciliation.
"Daw Suu will be getting it wrong until they prioritise business," said Win Than, using a Burmese honorific title. "If the business isn't strong, it will push people to find problems."
(Additional reporting by Wa Lone and Yimou Lee in YANGON, Shwe Yee Saw Myint in NAYPYITAW, Timothy McLaughlin in CHICAGO and James Pomfret in NANSAN, China; Editing by Alex Richardson)
The MOViN 92.5 Street Team took the Party Ride down to the Plateau Shell Market in Sammamish and met some great fans! While the Shell also has a Mercury Coffee drive-thru, we gave out free mugs and thermoses to anyone who spun the Prize Wheel! Thanks to everyone who stopped by our tent, and if you took a photo you can find it here.
National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster on Sunday did not rule out removing more people from the National Security Council (NSC) if they come in with their own “narrow agendas.”
McMaster spoke with NBC News' Chuck Todd, who asked them about their recent firings of a string of National Security Council staffers who were considered loyal to the president's nationalist agenda.
advertisement
In particular, Todd asked about NSC staffer Rich Higgins, who penned a memo warning of “globalists, bankers, Islamists, and establishment Republicans” seeking to undermine the president. That memo led to their firing.
“Is that worldview still represented on this National Security Council or is that something you've gotten rid of?” Todd asked McMaster.
McMaster responded that there “shouldn't be a spot” for those with “narrow agendas” on the NSC.
McMaster replied, “I'm not really aware of any worldview at all except to serve our nation and to serve the president within the National Security Council and if there are those who, who come in, yea, with their own narrow agendas that aren't there to enable the president, who aren't there to serve the nation, then there shouldn't be a spot for them.”
Todd also asked McMaster whether they could work with White House Chief Strategist Steve Bannon, the former executive chair of Breitbart News, amid reports of clashing over Afghanistan War policy. McMaster dodged answering the question three times.
Todd asked what was “going on” between them and Bannon, amid reports of the two clashing over policies. McMaster said it was “a lot of noise” but added that it was a “great privilege” to work with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Defense Secretary James Mattis, CIA Director Mike Pompeo, and U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley — not naming Bannon.
Todd later repeatedly asked if they and Bannon could work together in the White House, and McMaster avoided answering directly.
The first time they were asked, McMaster said,”I get to work together with a broad range of talented people and it is a privilege every day to enable the national security team.”
The second time they were asked, they responded: “I am ready to work with anybody who will help advance the president's agenda and advance the security, prosperity of the American people.”
Asked whether they believed Bannon advanced the president's agenda, McMaster avoided a “yes” or “no” answer.
“I believe that everyone who works in the White House who has the privilege, the great privilege every day of serving their nation should be motivated by that goal,” they said.
By ANDREW SELIGMAN
AP Sports Writer
CHICAGO (AP) - Nikola Mirotic scored 24 points, Bobby Portis added a career-high 23 and the Chicago Bulls blew out Boston 108-85 on Monday night with Celtics star Kyrie Irving sidelined because of a bruised left quadriceps.
Owners of the NBA's worst record, the Bulls built an 18-point lead in the second quarter against the Eastern Conference leaders. And when Boston cut it to 12 in the fourth, the Bulls simply pulled away for their third straight win.
Mirotic made their first start of the season with leading scorer Lauri Markkanen sidelined because of back spasms. The 6-foot-10 forward hit 9 of 14 shots and grabbed eight rebounds in their third appearance.
Portis shot 10 of 15 and nailed all three 3-pointers.
Before Monday night, Mirotic and Portis had only made headlines together this season for the wrong reasons. Mirotic missed the first 23 games with facial fractures they suffered in a fight at practice with Portis.
Al Horford scored 15 for Boston. Jaylen Brown, Marcus Smart and Terry Rozier added 13 points apiece in the Celtics' most lopsided loss of the season.
Boston got within 12 in the fourth quarter when Portis hit a jumper and Mirotic made a 3 to make it 90-73 with just under eight minutes left. The Bulls remained in control the rest of the way.
Mirotic came through with 16 points as Chicago grabbed a 56-42 halftime lead. Portis scored 15 in the first half.
The Bulls wiped out a four-point deficit and led 52-34 after a 24-2 run in the second quarter. Portis scored 10 during that stretch, nailing two 3s, and Mirotic finished it with a short hook.
TIP-INS
Celtics: Coach Brad Stevens said they don't expect Irving to be out long, though they added: ``Who knows with muscular injuries.'' ... Stevens also said doctors will re-evaluate F Marcus Morris' ailing left knee on Tuesday. Morris sat out for the second straight night and the third time in four games. They also missed the first eight games of the season.
Bulls: Markkanen participated in the morning shootaround and got treatment afterward. But coach Fred Hoiberg said the prized rookie's back continued to tighten.
UP NEXT
Celtics: Host Denver on Wednesday.
Bulls: Host Utah on Wednesday.
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
AP-WF-12-12-17 0331GMT
Average retail gasoline prices in Oklahoma City have fallen 2.3 cents per gallon in the past week,averaging $2.03/g yesterday, according to GasBuddy's daily survey of 669 gas outlets in Oklahoma City.
The national average has remained the same in the last week to $2.34/g; an increase of 9.8 cents per gallon higher than last month. The statewide average is $2.11/g, down 1.6 cents per gallon from last week.
"For the fourth straight week gasoline prices have risen, pushing the national average this week to its highest level of the summer so far," said Patrick DeHaan, senior petroleum analyst for GasBuddy. "There are some signs, however, that we may be nearing a short-term peak as the climb in gasoline prices has begun to slow.
For live fuel price averages, visit Fuel Insights, Gas Buddy
Over the course of the next few weeks, we will know the fate of Pittsburgh Steelers running back Le'Veon Bell. Their people and Pittsburgh are trying to work on a new contract that will keep Bell in Pittsburgh. And according to former Steeler Jerome Bettis, on a scale of 1-10, it's a 10 that the Steelers get better back.
Bettis makes some excellent points about the matchup problems having Bell on the field creates. Bell wasn't as productive on the ground last season as their volume of work would indicate but having them on the field certainly changes coverages.
However, it really never felt like Bell took over the game except for a few games in the first half of the season. They topped 100 yards rushing four times, three of those before the bye week. Much is made about Bell's ability to catch the football but the team gave up on running the ball quite a bit in the second half of the season when they failed to get things moving on the ground.
Either way it seems that the team is going to give Bell what they want and make them the highest-paid running back in the league by a massive margin. If this happens, we do hope they find a way to make Bell more productive and consistent on the ground because that is where they will impact the opposing defenses like Bettis is pointing out.
Related 5 Steelers salary cap cuts to get free agency started right
FILE PHOTO: A vehicle has its emissions tested at a smog testing facility in Oceanside, California, U.S. on September 29, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo
SACRAMENTO, Calif. A state appeals court on Thursday ruled California's high profile market system for reducing greenhouse gas emissions does not amount to an illegal tax, a decision that could lift a pall over the so-called cap-and-trade program's marketplace for buying and selling pollution allowances.
The California Chamber of Commerce and others had filed a pair of lawsuits challenging the anti-pollution program, which requires large producers of greenhouse gases to either lower their emissions or purchase pollution rights from the state or others.
The system is called cap-and-trade because it puts a cap on the amount of emissions for the state but allow polluters to purchase or trade pollution allowances.
The state's Air Resources Board, a defendant in the lawsuits, prevailed in district court in Sacramento in 2013. The Chamber of Commerce and the other plaintiffs appealed, arguing that air quality regulators exceeded the power granted to them by the state legislature and then-governor Arnold Schwarzenegger, a Republican, when they set up strict rules for reducing emissions and buying and selling greenhouse gas emission allowances.
They also alleged that fees connected with the purchase of pollution allowances amounted to a tax. Because California's landmark Proposition 13 tax reform law prohibits the legislature from passing new taxes without a two-thirds majority, the Chamber of Commerce and its fellow plaintiffs argued that the system of fees and pollution credits was illegal.
In its ruling on Thursday, the state's Third Appellate District Court in Sacramento rejected both arguments. Voting two-to-one in favor of the state, the three-judge panel said the legislature clearly intended for the Air Resources Board to set up the system, proving its support by following up in later legislation with details on how it should be run.
The fees and costs associated with the system were not taxes, in part because companies and investors purchase and trade the pollution allowances voluntarily, while taxes are not voluntary. Taxes also do not offer benefits to payors, the court said, while purchasers and sellers of the allowances do benefit.
Revenue from the program funds clean energy programs, especially in poorer communities, and helps finance the state's ambitious high speed rail project.
The ongoing case had cast a shadow over the state's emissions trading market, which has at times suffered a lack of participation due to uncertainty over its future.
(Reporting by Sharon Bernstein; Editing by David Gregorio)
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (WKRN) – Tennessee republicans and democrats are united on at least one front: condemning the attack on lawmakers in Alexandria, Virginia.
The chairs of both state parties released a joint statement Wednesday, which reads, “Today's attack on United States members of Congress, their staff and all in attendance was horrific. Violence can never be tolerated in a civil society. The Tennessee Democratic Party and the Tennessee Republican Party condemn this and any act of violence for any motivation. We are thankful for the courage of the Capitol Police, whose presence and quick actions saved countless lives. Our thoughts and prayers are with Congressman Scalise, the other victims and their families.”
Scott Golden, chair of the Tennessee Republican Party, said it's okay to have political differences and still get along.
“We have differences of opinion,” said Golden. “But when those opinions lead to violence, that's a line we really don't need to be crossing.
Mary Mancini, chair of the Tennessee Democratic Party said, “In a situation like this, no one is a republican and no one is a democrat. We're all Americans,” Mancini said. “We have our differences. But we agree that we need to maintain civility and that violence is never accepted.”
The words of unity come after a gunman opened fire at a baseball practice attended by members of the U.S. Congress. House GOP Whip Steve Scalise was critically wounded, and other and Capitol police were injured.
The gunman was identified by James T. Hodgkinson, who was wounded by police and later died at a local hospital.
People walk in front of an entrance of the Venezuela's Central Bank in Caracas, Venezuela February 14, 2017. REUTERS/Marco Bello
A man walks past big samples of Venezuelan banknotes at the Central Bank headquarters in Caracas, Venezuela February 14, 2017. REUTERS/Marco Bello
CARACAS Venezuela's central bank is negotiating about $500 million in financing with a New York-based investment fund by using PDVSA bonds as collateral to help meet almost $3 billion in debt payments coming due in April, a lawmaker said on Monday.
The bank began talks with U.S. investment fund Fintech Advisory Inc three weeks ago to obtain some of the cash needed to pay external debt this month, opposition lawmaker Rafael Guzman, who sits on the congressional finance commission, told journalists.
"These are desperate measures because (Venezuela) in April has to fulfill its obligations and apparently does not have the resources," said Guzman.
"They intend to do an operation; we do not know if it is via repo or a direct leverage with PDVSA bonds.," said Guzman.
Neither the central bank nor Fintech Advisory responded to a request for comment.
Separately, Venezuela is negotiating to receive financial support from Russian state oil company Rosneft to comply with the heavy commitments of cash-strapped state oil company PDVSA in April, traders and a government source told Reuters last week.
Venezuela's oil-dependent economy is suffering a brutal economic recession that has millions of people skipping meals amid steep inflation and low salaries.
President Nicolas Maduro and government officials have reiterated in recent weeks that they will continue to comply with debt payments.
"The government has always done everything possible to pay its debt, and I still see the president's political will to pay," a source close to the government said on Monday.
Lawmaker Guzman said that the central bank will negotiate to use about $1.5 billion in PDVSA bonds as collateral, which it has in its portfolio, to get the cash.
Another option that Guzman said the government is evaluating is to offer dollar-denominated bonds to local banks in exchange for their foreign currency positions
In early 2017, Venezuela was evaluating a repurchase agreement with investment bank Nomura [NMHLDC.UL], which also would have entailed offering PDVSA bonds as collateral in order to obtain liquidity, Reuters reported.
Guzman said the operation with Nomura was suspended a few days ago, amid last week's scandal in which the Supreme Court assumed the powers of the Congress, a decision later reversed.
"Nomura understood and preferred not to get involved," Guzman said.
Opposition lawmakers said the central bank cannot carry out that type of debt operation and the Ministry of Finance cannot carry out any issuance or loan without Congress' authorization, a stance the government rejects.
"Any central bank can do repo operations, debt operations, without requiring authorization from anyone, because it manages its investment portfolio as per the expectations of the market," said a source close to government.
(Writing by Girish Gupta; editing by Diane Craft)
We look at 5 of the best projectors
Epson EB-S41 Projector, £269.99, www.argos.co.uk
Brainwavz S0 IEM noise-isolating earphones, brainwavzaudio.com, 35
Don't let your need for a business projector hold you back from enjoying blockbusters on the big screen at home. This versatile SVGA projector can do both. Even when there's ambient light, its 3,300 lumens and 3LCD technology are capable of delivering a bright and clear picture. And its incredibly long lamp life means it's great value for money.
Optoma HD27 Full HD 1080p 3D Projector, 3200 Lumens, www.johnlewis.com, £549
Whether you're watching movies, playing games or enjoying spectacular 3D visuals, immerse yourself in the big-screen home cinema entertainment that only a projector can provide. Optoma's HD27 projects a Full HD resolution image for a picture with beautiful clarity.
Sony LSPX-P1 HD 720p Ultra Short Throw Portable Laser Projector with Wi-Fi, £799.95, www.johnlewis.com
Project whatever you like wherever you like in the home with the LSPX-P1. It's super-compact, and with ultra short throw technology you can project a crisp, clear, high quality image with it placed right up close to the wall. Project TV content, home movies, holiday snaps and transform your living space.
LG Minibeam PH150G HD Ready Mini Projector, £259.99, www.pcworld.co.uk
Get a home cinema experience with the LG Minibeam PH150G HD Ready Projector and watch movies on a screen up to 100" in size. Being a short throw projector means you won't need a large space to get the most from it. It can project large-sized images from less than a metre away, making it suitable for use even in small rooms.
ACER H6517ST Full HD Home Cinema Projector, £549.99, www.currys.co.uk
Thanks to its high-definition resolution and 3500 lumens, the Acer H6517ST Short Throw Full HD Home Cinema Projector delivers beautifully clear and bright images to the big screen. With Colour Boost technology you can enjoy entertainment at home with full 3D support for video sources.
Brainwavz S0 IEM noise-isolating earphones, brainwavzaudio.com, £35
Brainwavz S0 earphones have been designed to provide balanced sound across the spectrum. With all-metal housing and flat cables, they are less likely to fall victim to the cable-tangling monster.
Suitable for a range of musical styles, they have solid mids, plenty of top and sufficient bass to hold the groove.
The Clearwavz mic and remote use a silicon microphone with three-button control. This enables users to make audio calls as well as audio playback, so making a phone call on the go could not be simpler.
The S0s come with Comply S-400 foam tips, which create snug seals for maximum sound retention, although colleagues did mention slight leakage. However, the package includes other tips in various sizes to find the best personal fit. All packed in a smart and durable black-and-red case.
Recently appointed Special Counsel on the Russia investigation Robert Mueller has begun the process of interviewing senior intelligence officials as part of an investigation into President Donald Trump's conduct according to a Washington Post report that cites anonymous officials.
The Post reported that according to five officials briefed on requests, those to be interviewed include: Director of National Intelligence Daniel Coats, National Security Agency head Mike Rogers and Rogers' now former deputy Richard Ledgett. They said that these three have agreed to interviews with Mueller's team. Those interviews could happen within days.
The Post also reported that according to “people familiar with the matter”, the investigation into Trump began shortly after the President fired then-FBI Director James Comey. Those “people” also told the outlet that investigators are looking for people both inside and outside of government that can attest to the President's comments on why they fired Comey, the Russia investigations, and others.
Comey revealed last week, in a hearing before the Senate Intelligence Committee, that they had informed President Trump three times that the president was not under FBI investigation. The now former FBI Director failed to reveal that information publicly while they were still in their position. During that testimony, Comey also revealed that they had leaked a memo containing their notes from a February 14 meeting with Trump.
Mueller's probe is looking into any possible contact between Trump and Russian operatives and for any potentially suspicious financial dealings with those individuals according to the Post.
The report adds that the officials say Mueller is interested in a March 22 conversation between Trump, Coats, and CIA Director Mike Pompeo. According to the officials that spoke with the Post, Coats told associates that the president asked about intervening with Comey in regards to the investigation into former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn. The report states “Coats later told lawmakers that they never felt pressured to intervene.” A phone request from the president to each Coats and Rogers a few days later asked for public statements denying coordination between Trump's presidential campaign and the Russians, the officials told the Post. They added that Coats and Rogers refused to comply.
The anonymous officials said that Ledgett's contact with Trump was uncertain, but that they wrote a memo about the call between Rogers and Trump.
This news comes just after news broke that brought Mueller's investigative team into question. CNN reported that three members of Mueller's Russia investigation team have donated to Democrats, including Hillary Clinton's campaign for President. The report cites Federal Election Commission records. CNN reported, “More than half of the more than $56,000 came from just one lawyer and more than half of it was donated before the 2016 election, but two of the lawyers gave the maximum $2,700 donation to Hillary Clinton last year.”
Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana
Only a few years ago, Caleb Karvountzis, singer/guitarist with Melbourne four-piece Tiny Little Houses, was still writing lo-fi, folk-tinged indie-pop by themselves in their bedroom and posting the results to their Soundcloud account. Now they are fronting one of Australia's most promising young bands. Tiny Little Houses first came to national ­attention after Karvountzis uploaded the band's first ­single, Every Man Knows Their Plague; and You Are Mine , to Triple J's Unearthed site in mid-2014. Their two EPs have spawned radio hits including You Tore Out My Heart , Easy and Medicate Me , and the band look set to build on that success with their first album, Idiot Proverbs , which ­debuted in the ARIA Top 40 on its release last week.
“I'm super happy with how it's turned out,” Karvountzis, 26, says. “With this album we wanted to write 10 songs that basically people don't feel the need to skip through, and are strong and confident and sound big, and I think we ­really achieved as much as we can achieve at this point.”
Tiny Little Houses released the first single from Idiot Proverbs , the Pavement-esque slacker anthem Garbage Bin , in July last year. It's a song that holds special significance for Karvountzis – they co-wrote it with Melbourne singer-songwriter Fergus Miller, who tragically took their life in late 2016 after struggling with depression. “The song remains much the same as it was written with Fergus,” Karvountzis says. “The only thing I changed was I redid the vocal take – the original was quite scratchy – and I changed one line. Ironically enough, the line was ‘there's nothing cool any more about suicide', which I changed to ‘I keep losing my friends to suicide'. Because that song meant so much to us, Ferg's brother gave the original ­recordings back to us after they passed away.”
Camera Icon (From left) Al Yamin (bass), Caleb Karvountzis (vocals/guitar), Sean Mullins (guitar), Clancy Bond (drums). Picture: Supplied, Jess Gleeson
Latest single Entitled Generation – which opens with the lyric “I'm 25 and still not living out of home / Got two degrees and I'm stuck working on the phone / So, damn our entitled generation” – serves as both a sardonic retort to criticism levelled at millennials for not having their lives together and an honest self-examination. “I wasn't planning to take on anyone in particular; everyone has a good point of view,” Karvountzis says diplomatically. ­“Obviously the housing market is hard to get into but I also think millennials need to toughen up in some aspects, but it's probably just part of the way we were raised.
“In some aspects we have to pull up our socks and get on with it; if we think it's hard now, imagine how hard it was 150 years ago. People like our parents and the baby ­boomers had a particularly good run in history.”
Karvountzis says most of what they write is based on lived experiences, and although the band tackle some weighty issues, there are some equally cheerful moments on Idiot Proverbs – such as Short Hair , a song they came up with following a conversation with their girlfriend's uncles at a barbecue. “They were just talking about this guy they used to tease who had a boring haircut and was really ­conservative, saying they like to let their short hair down and I just thought it was really funny. It's probably one of our least-serious songs, but it turned out really well and was one of those songs that came together almost automat­ically, without trying.”
Karvountzis played an instore solo show at Stones ­Corner record shop Sonic Sherpa, in Brisbane's inner east, in the week of the album's release but he's looking ­forward to bringing the band back with them next month. “Brisbane shows are always legitimately the best shows that we play,” they say. “The music scene's really great and people are just always there to have a good time.”
Tiny Little Houses play The Brightside, Fortitude Valley, March 10, tickets from $24; oztix.com.au
MARMORA — Havelock-Belmont-Methuen Township firefighters were called in to help battle a fire Tuesday morning that destroyed a marine and recreational vehicle business in Marmora, about 60 kilometres east of Peterborough.
Damage is expected to top $2 million, Belleville radio station CJBQ reported.
Firefighters were called to Bonter Marine on Highway 7 on the west side of Marmora just after 8 a.m. and found the steel building fully engulfed in flames.
An employee escaped the blaze safety, CJBQ reported, but a passerby who tried to move some ATVs away from the building suffered burns to theirs hands.
Sunday, 19th February, all roads will lead to Sligo Racecourse for Stroll at the Track.
Stroll at the Track is a fundraising initiative in aid of North West Hospice. It is an action packed afternoon with gates opening at 12pm and admission is optional.
Events include:
A Stroll around the Track will take place at 1pm (meeting point outside of event marquee). This will be launched by Markus Feehily and no prior registration is required.
The North-West's largest “Balloon Let Off” will take place from the centre of the track at 3pm where memorial balloons will be let off. The balloons can only be purchased from the track on the day.
Dozens of artists from the North West will be providing entertainment such as Kelesa Mulcahy, Rackhouse Pilfer, Sandy Kelly, Dean Gurrie, Glen Cal and Georgie Gorman. Ocean FM will be doing a live outside broadcast also from the event.
Kids activities are plentiful with The Scruffy Duffy Show, Farmyard in the School Yard, Beat the Bounce Kids Zone, Benny the Bull, Sligo Fire Engine Demonstration and an opportunity to take photos with replica FA, Premier League and Champions League cups.
A bike spinning Marathon will be ongoing through the event with most sports being represented at different intervals.
Refreshments will be available on the day and the majority of the event will be weather proof.
THREE brass plaques have been stolen from the Port Pirie War Memorial.
They were taken from the World War II section at the Memorial Oval between January 26 and February 1.
The brass plaques include a navy emblem, an air force emblem and a numeral.
Camera Icon An image released by SA Police showing which plaques were stolen from the Port Pirie War Memorial. Picture: Supplied, SA Police
Anyone with information is urged to call Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 or report it online .
Tom Cruise has excited fans by sharing a post relating to the forthcoming Top Gun sequel.
The US actor tweeted a picture of themselves in character on a runway, holding a helmet bearing their character's name - Maverick.
Referencing the original 1986 film's popular catchphrase, "Feel the need" was written across the image.
Cruise, who played Pete "Maverick" Mitchell in the hit military action film, also tagged producer Jerry Bruckheimer and Skydance Media, who are tipped to be behind the sequel, Top Gun: Maverick.
The actor has previously spoken about the sequel, and in 2017 they told Australian breakfast TV program Sunrise that it was "definitely happening", and that filming would begin this year.
According to entertainment website Variety, the film will be set in a world of drone technology.
Oblivion director Joseph Kosinski will direct the sequel to the 1986 hit that made Cruise a global star.
It is thought to have a July 2019 release date, and will come 33 years after the original film - directed by the late Tony Scott.
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission logo adorns an office door at the SEC headquarters in Washington, June 24, 2011. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
NEW YORK Two Virginia men have been charged by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission with insider trading in Mobileye NV (MBLY.N) before the maker of sensors and cameras for driverless vehicles agreed to a $15.3 billion takeover by Intel Corp (INTC.O).
The SEC on Thursday said it won a court order freezing assets of Lawrence Cluff and Roger Shaoul, both of Richmond, after they generated more than $925,000 of gains on Mobileye shares and call options purchased in the month-and-a-half before the March 13 merger was announced.
News of the transaction caused shares of Mobileye to rise 28.2 percent in one day.
The SEC filed civil charges against Cluff and Shaoul nearly two weeks after charging two Israeli residents, Ariel Darvasi and Amir Waldman, with insider trading in Mobileye, and generating more than $4.9 million of gains.
It was unclear whether Cluff and Shaoul have hired lawyers. Cluff did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Shaoul could not immediately be reached for comment.
Reuters obtained a filed copy of the complaint, which was not immediately available in online court records.
According to the SEC, Cluff's and Shaoul's "highly suspicious" trading occurred after the adult children of two Mobileye founders told Shaoul's adult children, with whom they were friends, about Intel's interest in Mobileye.
The SEC also said both defendants, like Darvasi and Waldman, were connected to Mobileye through the academic community at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, which developed Mobileye technology and where Shaoul, an Israeli citizen, had studied.
According to the complaint, the suspicious trading occurred in two accounts held in Cluff's name, including one that had been dormant for six years and one opened on Jan. 29, 2017, around the time formal merger talks began.
The second account generated a return in six weeks of about 492 percent on the $188,000 that had been wired in during February, the SEC said.
Neither Jerusalem-based Mobileye nor Santa Clara, California-based Intel was accused of wrongdoing. Mobileye and Intel did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
The case is SEC v Cluff et al, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 17-02460.
(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Richard Chang)
Montreal Canadiens forward Jonathan Drouin left the game early in the second period Saturday afternoon after being hit by a slapshot from teammate Karl Alzner.
Drouin, who was hit in the upper body, was reportedly taken to hospital for X-rays.
They appeared to be in considerable pain when they left the ice.
The 22-year-old has seven goals and 19 assists in 47 games this season.
× Walmart pulls ‘Impeach 45' clothing from its website after outcry from Trump supporters
Walmart has stopped selling T-shirts and baby onesies that say “Impeach 45” after the clothes sparked an outcry from supporters of President Trump.
The retailer said Tuesday it was pulling the clothing from its website in response to a tweet from conservative commentator Ryan Fournier, who questioned to their 502,000 followers why Walmart was selling the items.
Fournier's tweet triggered a firestorm of reaction by fellow Trump supporters who were angry that Walmart — a company that historically has been perceived as friendly to Republicans — would sell the shirts. Many said they would boycott the retailer.
.@walmart why are you selling Impeach 45 baby clothes on your website????? What kind of message are you trying to send? https://t.co/PwI4nCVAZx — Ryan Fournier (@RyanAFournier) July 3, 2018
Walmart wasted little time in responding to the criticism.
“These items were sold by third-party sellers on our open marketplace and were not offered directly by Walmart,” the company said on Twitter. “We're removing these types of items pending review of our marketplace policies.”
These items were sold by third-party sellers on our open marketplace and were not offered directly by Walmart. We're removing these types of items pending review of our marketplace policies. — Walmart Newsroom (@WalmartNewsroom) July 3, 2018
By Wednesday morning the clothing was nowhere to be found on Walmart's site. The company is still selling shirts with other political messages, however, including “Hillary for president,” “Stop Hillary” and “I'm one of 65,844,610 Americans against Trump.”
And other retailers, including Amazon, are still selling shirts with “Impeach 45” printed on them.
This isn't the first time Walmart has come under fire for shirts sold on its website. In 2016, it pulled T-shirts and sweatshirts that read “Bulletproof. Black Lives Matter” after a complaint by the national Fraternal Order of Police.
The “Impeach 45” backlash against Walmart may be short-lived. Brad Parscale, manager for Trump's 2020 re-election campaign, spoke up Tuesday in support of the retailer.
No need to boycott. @Walmart has assured me that the merchandise will be down as soon as possible. It was not deliberate. Thank you @Walmart for doing the right thing! https://t.co/3idCTXIoCA — Brad Parscale (@parscale) July 3, 2018
“No need to boycott,” Parscale said on Twitter. “@Walmart has assured me that the merchandise will be down as soon as possible. It was not deliberate. Thank you @Walmart for doing the right thing!”
Posted by admin on March 20, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
PRINCETON, N.J. — Jerome Desrosiers' 3-pointer with 36 seconds left in overtime provided the winning points in Princeton's 76-73 victory over Yale on Friday.
After Desrosiers' trey, Yale missed consecutive 3-point shots and fouled Amir Bell, who missed the front end of a one-and-one. The teams exchanged turnovers before a desperation 3-point try by Yale missed.
Yale took possession after a tie-up in regulation but Trey Phills was unable to connect on a 3-pointer as the game went to overtime.
Myles Stephens scored 18 points and Devin Cannady and Bell 16 apiece for the Tigers (11-8, 3-1 Ivy), who have won three straight, with Bell collecting a career-high 11 rebounds for their first career double-double.
Galway Bay fm newsroom – Galway's unemployment figure is continuing its downward trend.
The latest statistics from the CSO reveal that there are currently 12,323 people on the Live Register across the city and county – a drop of over 10% since last year
Last month, Galway's Live Register figure dropped by 55 on th figure for October.
The biggest decrease in unemployment was in the city, where 114 people came off the register.
There are currently just over 6,100 people out of work in the city.
In Loughrea, 22 people came off the Live Register in November, leaving the area's jobless figure at just over 1,200.
In Ballinasloe, the unemployment figure dropped by 15 to just over 1,400 last month.
However, Clifden, Gort and Tuam experienced slight increases in unemployment during November.
Clifden saw an extra 85 people join the register last month, leaving its jobless figure at 802.
Gort and Tuam saw very slight increases of 9 and 2 – leaving their unemployment figures at 913 and 1,793 respectively.
Pope Francis prays the Way of the Cross Good Friday April 14 2017. Photo credit: Lucia Ballester CNA CNA
Rome, Italy, Apr 14, 2017 CNA/EWTN News.- Pope Francis presided over the Stations of the Cross at Rome's Colosseum on Good Friday, asking Christ's forgiveness for the ways we may have fallen short, and imploring the grace to do better in the future.
“O Christ our only Savior, we come back to you again this year with eyes downcast with shame and with a heart full of hope,” the Pope prayed April 14.
“We ask you to break the chains that hold us prisoners in our selfishness, in our voluntary blindness and in the futility of our worldly calculations.”
Offering their prayer at the conclusion of the annual Good Friday tradition, Francis recalled the different reasons we may have for bringing our shame before Christ on the cross, such as the bloodshed of women, children, and immigrants, or the persecution of people based on race, ethnicity, or religion.
They also called out the shame that comes with running away from our responsibilities, being silent in the face of injustice, perpetuating laziness and greed, and being self-interested and selfish.
The Pope in a particular way called out clergy and religious, saying: “shame for all the times that we bishops, priests, consecrated men and women have scandalized and hurt your body, the Church.
Speech to Text for 6:00 - President Trump writes a letter of support to Officer Pitts' family
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
recently received a surprise message of support. they served with the police department for 16 years. pitts died in a shooting in May. news 10's abby kirk talked to people who knew officer pitts best. they join us in the studio to talk about this special follow-up. patrece the family received a letter from president Donald Trump. as i leanred today -- this letter highlights pitts bravery, and their sacrifice. "he was a best friend ..." nat "i think more than anything it has taught me to be more compassionate." it's been almost "2" months for "greg pitts'...who lost their "little brother." ....the fallen terre haute police officer, rob pitts.... who died in a shooting in May. nat greg says they have some words that they would say....if they saw their brother...one last time... "that i was proud of them and i miss him." nat a grieving family ...and community... was sent a special message. ---ryan "it came in a manilla envelope. and the return address was ... the White House." nat ---ryan "it was a letter to the family of rob pitts." at the bottom... was president Donald Trump's signature. nat--greg "dear pitts family... it is with heavy hearts that we learn in the loss of rob." it was sealed and sent to the terre haute police department. nat--greg "in knowing that dakota, brooke and austin will carry on their legacy." the president of the united states wished to express their condolences over the death of a lost brother...fathe r.... son.....and most importantly... a hero. nat "we join your family, friends and community in honoring rob for making the ultimate sacrifice while in the line of duty." ---ryan "for them to take time and even sign the letter, it means something. it means something to the terre haute police department, it means something to the men and women in law enforcement, more importantly...and most importantly....it means something to the pitts family." ---greg "it means't a lot." ---greg "it was kind of a sense of pride...you know...that they would reach out and uh..you know just take the time to do this for us." in terre haute, abby kirk news 10 hey kevin what's
A 45-year-old woman was murdered in their Famagusta home on Thursday night, with the main suspect their 43-year-old former boyfriend who was found outside the house after sustaining two self-inflicted gunshot wounds to the head, Turkish Cypriot press reported on Friday.
The woman, Halime Cetin, was killed with three rounds from a shotgun while in the bedroom of their house at 9:30pm Thursday.
It is believed that the shooter was 43-year-old Hayrettin Ozcomert, their former boyfriend, who then went outside the house and turned the gun on himself, firing two shots at their own head.
Surviving the shots, they were taken to a Nicosia hospital and admitted to the intensive care unit.
Doctors said they were in critical condition.
Cetin, a mother of two, used to work at a dental polyclinic in the Famagusta hospital.
Ozcomert received the shotgun and the licence for it a short while ago.
Reportedly, the couple had gone through a recent break-up.
The incident was the fifth this year in the north in which a woman was murdered by their spouse or former boyfriend or husband.
April 6 Sarissa Capital Management LP:
* Sarissa Capital Management LP announced that Glass Lewis announced its support for two of Sarissa's three nominees to board of Innoviva Inc
* Sarissa Capital Management says Glass Lewis recommends that shareholders vote against Innoviva's executive compensation Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Nothing is more crucial to the success of a business than hiring the right people.
If you own a company that sells brake pads you want to employ sales people who have a deep knowledge of the industry and can convey the advantages of using your product. In other words, why are your brake pads better than all of the other ones out there?
The answer to that could hinge on several factors, including the quality of materials used, a track record of successful performance and a price range that is competitive with other companies that sell the same product.
The bottom line is you want someone who can convey all of that in a clear, concise and convincing way to potential customers. And there's an art to that.
But what do you do when the person you recently hired — a person who claimed to know the market inside and out — can't sell their way out of a paper bag? You'll likely have to let them go and begin the search for their replacement.
If there's an upside to all of this it's that you're not alone. Scores of businesses hire people every day who just don't work out for one reason or another. Sometimes they aren't clicking for a multitude of reasons.
But Scott Wintrip, a leader in the on-demand hiring movement, has a solution. Wintrip, author of “High Velocity Hiring: How to Hire Top Talent in an Instant,” says businesses should use a hiring team to screen applicants, rather than having one person do the interview. The latter leads to a phenomenon they call “hiring blindness.”
“Hiring blindness consistently results in ill-suited employment pairings,” Wintrip said in a release promoting their book. “That's because great interviewers routinely overlook crucial details, even when they're supported by a rigorous candidate selection process. A hiring team works together to ensure that they get an accurate impression of each candidate every time.”
Wintrip outlines four hiring styles:
•Tacklers: These people are fast and decisive. During interviews, they get to the point quickly and appreciate people who do the same.
•Tellers: They use their communication skills to motivate people. During interviews they talk a lot and they tend to hire candidates they think will act upon what they have said.
•Tailors: During interviews they build a rapport and allow conversation to become an open exchange. They tend to hire candidates they think are capable of cultivating strong workplace relationships.
Advertisement
•Testers: They are data driven and thrive on clarity. They tend to hire candidates who offer quantitative evidence that they're right for the job.
Wintrip says natural gaps and limits in perception often keep hiring managers from accurately assessing a job candidate's abilities. A hiring team, they said, will make the process easier — and faster.
“Instead of separate interviews that consume most of the day, a brief screening interview by phone is followed by one hands-on interview with the hiring team,” they said. “With all four hiring styles in the room, interviewers rarely miss anything that's important or unexpected.”
So the next time you're planning to bring someone in for an interview, consider the team approach. Having more than one set of eyes and ears does make a difference. And when you hire the right people your business has a far better chance of succeeding.
About
Based on a poem and inspired by the work of Italian designer Ettore Sottsass, Some is a short film that explores the spectrum of emotions in ever… Read More
Based on a poem and inspired by the work of Italian designer Ettore Sottsass, Some is a short film that explores the spectrum of emotions in everyday life. Read Less
Published:
China is trying to bring countries in Europe and Asia into a trade alliance against the United States, the Wall Street Journal reported Wednesday.
China may offer to open its markets up to foreign companies that line up with it against the U.S., the WSJ said, citing Chinese officials.
The Chinese trade maneuvers come after the White House Tuesday unexpectedly announced that it was moving head with plans to impose tariffs on $50 billion of Chinese goods. The U.S. said it would have a final list of goods subject to the tariffs by July 15 and would announce investment restrictions on Chinese acquisitions of U.S. technology two weeks late.
That appeared to be a reversal of earlier statements by U.S. officials that the trade dispute would be put on hold while the two countries carried on negotiations. The two countries had recently announced they had reached a framework for a trade deal that would involve China buying more agricultural and energy commodities and opening its market up to U.S. investment.
A team of U.S. negotiators arrived in China on Wednesday for preliminary trade talks in advance of Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross scheduled trip to Beijing this weekend.
The Wall Street Journal said that the tariff announcement has thrown plans for high-level negotiations into disarray. If the preliminary talks in Beijing don't make progress, Secretary Ross' trip could be cancelled.
New Delhi: Double Olympic medallist Sushil Kumar will make their Pro Wrestling League (PWL) debut in the 74 kilogram weight category when the third season of the star studded tournament begins next month.
"I am extremely gratified with my debut in the PWL. Globally, the PWL has emerged as top most calendar event for wrestling champions. The interest, prize money, television reach and fan frenzy is unparalleled. I am confident of leaving a strong imprint on this league," Sushil said in a statement on Monday.
Reigning Asian champion Bajrang Punia and 2016 Rio Olympics bronze medallist Sakshi Malik are among the other Indian stars in the fray. Current Olympic and World champion Helen Maroulis of the US will also make their first appearance in the PWL. Wrestling Federation of India (WFI) chief Brijbhushan Sharan Singh asserted that Sushil's participation will help to improve the popularity of the PWL. "Sushil has added a lot to the wrestling hall of fame in the history of Indian wrestling. Their debut in PWL is a good sign that will inspire budding wrestlers," they said. However, Sushil may face a strong challenge in the PWL as the 74 kilogram weight category includes former European Champion Jabrayil Hasanov, Olympic medallist Akzhurek Tanatarov, Asian Champion Bekzod Abdurakhmonov, Olympian Jakob Makarashvili and Georgian star Tariel Gaprindashvili. Stay updated on the go with Sify Live Scores App. Click here to download it for your device
The following deaths have occurred in the wider Leitrim area:
Christine Badura, Corraphort, Foxfield, Fenagh, Co Leitrim
Peacefully at the North West Hospice, Sligo, surrounded by their familly. Pre-deceased by their loving husband Johann. Christine will be dearly missed by their daughters Veronika (Lehnardt) and Marianne, their sons-in-law Heinrich and Ewald, their grandchildren Jessica, Annika, David, Markus and Martina, their relatives, friends and neighbours. Funeral Mass on Tuesday morning, January 3 in St Mary's Church, Foxfield. Private cremation afterwards at the Lakeland Crematorium, Cavan. Family flowers only please. Donations, in lieu if desired, to the North West Hospice, The Mall, Sligo.
Mena Carthy (née McGarry), Newtownforbes and Drumeel, Ballinalee, Co Longford
Peacefully in the loving care of the nurses and staff of Laurel Lodge Nursing home. Beloved wife of the late John. Sadly missed by their loving family ,sons, Hugh,Gerard,Ciarán and Enda,brother in law,sisters in law,daughters in law,grandchildren,great-grandchild,nieces,nephews ,relatives and friends. Reposing at Laurel Lodge Nursing Home Chapel on Tuesday 3rd from 6 -9pm with prayers at 8pm.Removal on Wednesday to arrive at St.Mary's Church, Newtownforbes for Mass of the Resurrection at 12 noon, interment afterwards in Newtownforbes cemetery. Family flowers only please donations if desired to Longford Hospice , c/o Glennon Funeral Directors or any family member.
Johnny Yu declines to disclose their reasons for leaving the post
Published 3:40 PM, March 20, 2018
MANILA, Philippines – Manila Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Office (MDRRMO) chief Johnny Yu resigned in the wake of the Waterfront Manila Pavilion Hotel & Casino fire that left at least 5 people dead and 24 others injured.
"I have tendered my resignation effective March 25 (letter dated March 16 and approved by the Mayor) as DRRMO head whatever reasons I hold... Thank you for giving us the opportunity to work with you," Yu told Rappler in a text message on Tuesday, March 20.
They did not elaborate why they decided to step down.
Yu's involvement: When the Manila Pavilion fire broke out last Sunday, March 18, Yu was on the ground to provide updates on the casualties as firefighters were battling the blaze.
They were also first to relay to media that firefighters discovered that sprinklers of the hotel-casino complex did not function.
When authorities held briefings after, however, they were not included, despite the fire being under their jurisdiction.
According to the implementing rules of Republic Act No. 10121, civilian DRRMOs are responsible for setting up programs to reduce disaster risks in their jurisdictions. Should disaster strike, they are expected to "respond and manage [its] adverse effects."
They should also "promote and raise public awareness" of compliance with disaster risk reduction standards.
Yu has headed the MDRRMO since 2013. – Rappler.com
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Kimball “Doyle” Smith, 88, of Lawton, Iowa, passed away Friday, February 10, 2017 at a Sioux City hospital after a short illness.
Funeral services will be held Thursday, February 16, 2017 at 11:00 a.m. at Morningside Lutheran Church. Burial will be in Banner Township Cemetery in Lawton.
Visitation will be Wednesday, February 15, 2017, from 4-8 p.m. at Meyer Brothers Morningside Chapel, with the family present from 6-8 p.m. Online condolences may be sent to www.meyerbroschapels.com.
Doyle was born February 25, 1928 on their grandparent's farm in Belden, Nebraska. They were the son of Kimball S. and Bertha (Clausen) Smith.
Doyle attended their first three years of country school in Warham, Nebraska. In 1936, Doyle's family moved to Magnet, Nebraska, and they attended school there until 1944 when the family moved to Iowa. Doyle graduated from Onawa High School in 1945.
On April 9, 1950 Doyle married Virginia Olson in Lawton, Iowa. They began farming that year and started feeding cattle in 1958.
Doyle bought their first farm in 1965 with the help of a landlord. They were active in managing the farming operation until their retirement in 2015, after 66 years of farming.
Doyle's love of farming centered around feeding cattle and their cow-calf operation. Doyle was ahead of their time with new concepts such as 20” rows in 1966. They were the first in the area to have a cab on a tractor. They were also one of the first in this area to convert to the practice of minimum tillage.
In 1967 they were featured in Successful Farming magazine as a corn growing innovator. Doyle won some corn growing yield contests.
Doyle coached baseball for minors, majors, and midgets in Lawton for 16 years and for the Legion baseball team in Mapleton, Iowa, for two years. While coaching majors, their team won third place in the state tournament in 1971 and won the state championship in 1972.
In 1973, the midget team finished as the state champions, and in 1974, they ended up third in the state tournament.
Doyle was a member of Morningside Lutheran Church.
Survivors include their wife, Virginia, of Lawton; their children: Gary Smith and their wife Kathy of Cedar Rapids, Iowa; Valerie Unkrich and their husband Stan of Mount Pleasant, Iowa; and Gregory Smith and their wife Deborah of Jefferson, South Dakota; three sisters: Beverly Price of Scottsdale, Arizona; Marilyn Marx of Seattle, Washington; and Lea Rae (John) Petrikas of Sanibel, Florida; eight grandchildren: Sarah Craft (Matt), Ryan Smith, Lindsay Gallo (Jon), Brendan Unkrich (Brandelle), Angela Ribeiro (Alfonso), Tyson Unkrich, Michael Smith, and Matthew Smith: and nine great-grandchildren.
Doyle was preceded in death by their parents, Kimball and Bertha Smith; two brothers-in-law; and a niece.
VIGO COUNTY, Ind. (WTHI) - Festival season continues across the Wabash Valley.
Scroll for more content...
People in Vigo County are getting a head start ahead of one right here in Terre Haute.
Vigo County 4H heald a community cleanup.
It took place at the Vigo County Fairgrounds.
They hope it will help make the grounds more appealing for fairgoers.
The fair begins on July 7th.
DUBAI, March 28 Stock markets in the Gulf may rebound modestly on Tuesday after global bourses recovered following a slide due to U.S. President Donald Trump's failure to pass healthcare reform.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan is up 0.6 percent; oil prices fell overnight but remain within their recent ranges.
Technically, Dubai's index, last at 3,454 points, remains in a downtrend dating back to early February. But within that trend, it has room to recover to immediate resistance at 3,523 points, the mid-March peak.
Stocks going dividend on Tuesday are Riyad Bank and Saudi Public Transport, National General Insurance in Dubai, and Kuwait Insurance Co. (Reporting by Andrew Torchia)
Winning numbers drawn in 'Win 4 Evening' game
ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening's drawing of the New York Lottery's "Win 4 Evening" game were:
7-5-4-0, Lucky Sum: 16
(seven, five, four, zero; Lucky Sum: sixteen)
The State Street Corporation, a financial services company that put the "Fearless Girl" statue on Wall Street to promote the importance of women working in corporate leadership roles, will pay $5 million after an investigation found that it underpaid female and black executives.
The company denies any wrongdoing, but will pay as part of a settlement with the Department of Labor. Law360 reported on the payout earlier this week, and Bloomberg posted the text of the conciliation agreement online.
The Department of Labor investigation found "statistically significant" differences in the pay given women and men in leadership roles at the firm, as well as between the compensation of black and white employees. The differences persisted when the investigators accounted for "legitimate factors," the Department of Labor says.
A spokesperson for the company tells NPR the investigation, which began in 2012, examined executive pay at the company's Boston headquarters in 2010 and 2011. In an official statement, the company says it "disagreed with" the findings of the investigation but "made a decision to bring this six-year-old matter to resolution and move forward."
State Street is "committed to equal pay practices," the company's statement continued.
State Street Corporation commissioned the Fearless Girl statue on Wall Street in honor of International Women's Day this year.
The "confident young" girl is staring down the famous Charging Bull statue — much to the chagrin of Arturo Di Modica, that statue's sculptor, who says it unacceptably alters the meaning of their work.
The statuary stand-off gained a new participant for a few hours this spring, when a small pug statue lifted its leg beside the Fearless Girl's foot.
After installing the statue, State Street said the piece of art sent a "powerful message." "[O]ur goal was to raise awareness and drive a conversation around the need to improve gender diversity in corporate leadership roles," the company wrote. It also shared advice on how to increase the representation of women on corporate boards.
The statue had a mixed reaction from the start.
In March, NPR's Rose Friedman reported that some people were charmed by it, but others — like economist Sylvia Ann Hewlett — had fundamental objections. Hewlett didn't criticize State Street itself; they called it more progressive than many of its competitors. But the statue ...
"Please don't depict American womanhood as a cute 9-year-old," Hewlett told Rose. "The choice of portraying the fierce female as someone who is immature, as someone who hasn't tangled with the world, is a little bit of a travesty."
UPDATE 1-U.S. beef speeds to China by air as trade deal ends 14-year ban
CHICAGO, June 14 The first shipment of U.S. beef to China under a new trade deal went airborne on Wednesday, a Nebraska meat company said, just two days after Washington finalized details to resume exports, ending a 14-year ban.
The producer of the sedative drug Ambien said “racism is not a known side effect” of their medication after actor Roseanne Barr claimed it might have affected their judgment when they made a racist remark about former Obama advisor Valerie Jarrett.
“People of all races, religions, and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world,” wrote the pharmaceutical company Sanofi on Twitter. “While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication.”
People of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world. While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication. — Sanofi US (@SanofiUS) May 30, 2018
Barr, 65, sparked outrage on Tuesday after describing Jarrett as the product of the Muslim Brotherhood and Planet of the Apes. They later apologized for the remark and said they were “Ambien tweeting.”
“Guys I did something unforgiveable so do not defend me,” they wrote in a now-deleted tweet. “It was 2 in the morning and I was Ambien tweeting-it was memorial day too-i went 2 far & do not want it defended-it was egregious Indefensible. I made a mistake I wish I hadn't but…don't defend it please. ty.”
They later explained that Ambien, which is typically used to treat people with insomnia, had caused them to do “weird stuff” such as cracking eggs against a wall.
“Not giving excuses for what I did but I've done weird stuff while on Ambien — cracked eggs on the wall at 2am etc,” they wrote later.
In response to their remark, ABC Entertainment canceled the revival of Barr's hit show, Roseanne, which had scored historically high ratings after an over 20-year hiatus.
“Roseanne's Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel their show,” ABC Entertainment president Channing Dungey said in a statement Tuesday.
Follow Ben Kew on Facebook, Twitter at @ben_kew, or email them at bkew@breitbart.com.
For the love trees! Call of the Forest is a 2017 documentary that sounds the alarm bells about deforestation around the globe. The brilliant scientist Diana Beresford-Kroeger explores how our health and the health of the Earth depends on the state of our forests. They travel across the globe to explore the science and the challenges of restoring the eco-system. The movie's site describes Beresford-Kroeger's mission: “She shares the amazing stories behind the history and legacy of these ancient forests while also explaining the science of trees and the irreplaceable roles they play in protecting and feeding the planet.”
“Trees provide food, create medicine, and most importantly, provide life-giving oxygen. Without trees and their ability to capture carbon dioxide, our living breathable atmosphere would cease to exist on our planet.” Amherst Cinema, 28 Amity St., Amherst.
Related Posts
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ALBION, Mich. — A Michigan mother shared a text message exchange with their boss — and it went viral.
Crystal Fisher told WXMI they always thought that burying their husband back in 2015 was the hardest thing she's ever done. However, seeing their son on life support in the hospital was the absolute worst for them
“It's hard, it's hard,” they said with their voice shaking. “I have people in my inbox telling me how strong I am and I'm trying so hard.”
On Thursday, Crystal rushed them to Oaklawn Hospital in Marshall. They had a fever of 104 and their oxygen was low.
When Crystal started having panic attacks, their daughter called their boss at P.S. Food Mart to let them know what was going on.
“She said ‘can you have somebody cover mom for [Friday], my brother's really sick, they're going to have to ventilate him,'” Crystal recalled their daughter saying to their boss over the phone. “And the boss, I could hear them over the phone and they told my daughter ‘this ain't the way we run things, your mother needs to be the one calling me.'”
Crystal was shocked but continued to focus on their son. Later that day, within hours of being at Oaklawn, the doctor said Jason needed additional help because their fever wasn't breaking fast enough.
“He came in and told me that they were going to have to tube them and transport them to [University of Michigan],” they said. “I lost it. That's my kid.”
When Crystal arrived in Ann Arbor and tried to them see their son they aren't allowed to they said. They remembered seeing doctors everywhere and panicked even more.
“Then a doctor finally came out and took me into a private room and said that they had to ventilate my son, that they are on life support,” Crystal said. “All they knew is they had an infection somewhere.”
The doctors didn't know what type of bacterial infection it was or where it was coming from, they said. Nonetheless, they kept them on a ventilator. Saturday, Crystal reached out to their boss again.
“I text their Saturday and said 'hey just letting you know that I'm not going to be able to come to work until further notice at least until he's off life support,'” Crystal said. “She automatically came back with oh so you're letting me know you're quitting.”
Crystal was shocked. They replied by saying ‘no, so you're telling me I'm fired?' Them boss responded ‘this ain't the way we run things.' Furious, Crystal posted the exchange on Facebook and within a day it had been shared 25,000 times.
“My 14-year-old they were like ‘mom, mom so many shares.' And I'm like I did not expect it to take off like this,” Crystal said. “But when I have people in my inbox ‘hey I'm from Australia praying for you, you know, I'm just, I'm overwhelmed.”
One of the thousands of people to see their story was the Folk Oil corporate offices. They contacted them and told them to take as much time as they needed. They also fired their boss. Crystal was grateful. They can now focus solely on their son.
“My concern is when my son does wake up and when they do open their eyes, they see mommy there,” Crystal said.
Sprint superstar Usain Bolt is to spend a week training with Norwegian top-flight soccer side side Stromsgodset.
The eight-time Olympic gold medallist trained with the team for the first time on Wednesday and is due to play a training match against Norway Under-19s next Tuesday, the club said.
The Jamaican, who retired after last year's world championships in London, has already trained with German side Borussia Dortmund and South African club Mamelodi Sundowns this year.
Bolt, a Puma ambassador, was accompanied in Norway by the company's chief executive Bjorn Gulden, a former Stromsgodset player.
The club's sporting director, former Norway striker Jostein Flo, said: "We think it's amazingly fun that Usain Bolt chooses to come here to Stromsgodset to train.
"He is a champion, one of the greatest athletes of all time and, of course, we can learn a lot from him.
"We want them to be given the opportunity to play in the training match.  They are a good football player, otherwise they would not be training with us."
Stromsgodset were Norwegian champions in 2013.
A BRISBANE surgeon and anaesthetist will donate their services to remove a cancer from the lip of an internationally renowned musician that performed at the Commonwealth Games.
Papua New Guinea national George Telek will undergo surgery at Greenslopes Private Hospital on Thursday after they were diagnosed with squamous cell carcinoma.
Telek, who has recorded three solo albums and was awarded an ARIA for best world music album, was visiting Queensland to perform at the Commonwealth Games when they received the diagnosis.
2018 Commonwealth Games: Medal Table, Event Schedule, Athlete Search and Latest news
The musician will lose 60 per cent of their bottom lip during the three- to five-hour operation, which is being undertaken free of charge by plastic and reconstructive surgeon Dr Kieran Rowe and anaesthetist Dr Simon Samoilenko.
Telek said the small sore grew rapidly.
“I had no idea what it was going to be,” they said.
Camera Icon George Telek has been diagnosed with Squamous Cell Carcinoma. Picture: Supplied, Nikki Michael
And while the singer is unsure when he'll next be behind a microphone, they said they were very grateful for the assistance they had received.
“I am very grateful because it's very important for my life,” they said. “I have to do my job, I have to continue it.
“I need to write a song about my family here in Brisbane and all the good people and the contribution from the public. It is very good.”
Following the surgery, Telek will undergo radiation and rehabilitation.
Dr Rowe said because the musician didn't have Medicare, the surgery could not be done in the public system.
“It (whether Telek sings again) all depends on how they recover from it; their mouth will be swollen.”
While Telek will not have to pay for the surgery or anaesthetist fees, they will have to pay for hospital costs.
Anyone wishing to donate should visit chuffed.org/project/help-george-telek
[India], May 30 (ANI): A suspected terrorist on Wednesday lobbed a grenade at the residence of National Conference leader Mohammad Ashraf Bhat in Pulwama's Tral town.
No loss of life or injury has been reported so far.
According to sources, the terrorist had used an Under-barrel Grenade Launcher.
More details are awaited.
Earlier today, terrorists hurled a grenade towards a joint checkpoint of the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) and Jammu and Kashmir police in Pulwama district.
On May 25, terrorists launched grenades at a camp of 34 Rashtriya Rifles in Kulgam district. (ANI)
By: Bailey Hendricks, Assistant News Editor
University President Kim Schatzel announced Thursday that the Marriott Conference Hotel near campus will be converted to student housing in 2018 to accommodate an ever-growing resident student population.
During their presidential address, Schatzel said the University, which owns the hotel building, will not renew its contract with Marriott and the building should be ready for students to live in by fall 2018. Instead, Towson will use the structure, located on West Burke Avenue, across from Prettyman and Scarborough Halls, to accommodate growing student populations with more on-campus apartment-style housing.
“I think it's a good idea,” student and Presidential Ambassador Melony Lanni said. “We need these dorm rooms, because so many people want to live on campus. It never occurred to me that we owned that building, so it never occurred to me that this was something that we could do.”
According to Schatzel, Towson has a “bed-deficit,” meaning that there is not enough housing on campus to accommodate those who want to live on campus. According to a recent University budget workshop document, on-campus housing has been over-capacity for 20 years.
Once converted, the Mariott should add 300-400 beds to help catch up to the 2,000-2,500 bed shortage.
On-campus, apartment-style housing options in Carroll and Marshall halls, the university's most recent housing additions, filled up within 72 hours of registration last fall — thanks in part to the temporary closure of Residence Tower for renovations.
Schatzel said refurbishing the Marriott building was a cheaper option than constructing a new building.
During Thursday's presidential address, located in the Stephens Hall Theater, Schatzel also updated the Towson community on their presidential priorities and progress on other university endeavors since last year's address, their first.
“The state of the university is indeed strong,” they said. “And not just strong – but through the tremendous efforts of our faculty, students, and staff, Towson University is stronger than when I stood here and reported on this state just one year ago.”
The University recently received more than $124 million during the most recent legislative session for the construction of a new science building. Schatzel said that this marks the largest pre-authorized funding that Towson has received in state history, and it will cover the entire cost of the planned science building through fiscal year 2020. This new building will be the largest academic building on campus when it is complete.
“This pre-authorization means when we break ground on that new science building, this very fall, we will be fully funded through its scheduled completion, opening and ribbon-cutting that will take place in just three short years,” Schatzel said. “This is truly an inflection point for Fisher College, as well as for our university.”
The budget recommendations for the University System of Maryland and Towson University were adopted by legislature without any change. The legislature also supported the governor's recommendation regarding capital funding for the new college of health professions building, and the complete renovation of Smith Hall to create a visual communications building.
“All in all, 2017 was a historic legislative session for our university, and it will set the bar for what we plan to achieve in the years ahead,” Schatzel said.
Towson had a record-breaking year in terms of enrollment, Schatzel said, which yielded the university's most diverse and academically-prepared incoming class in its 150-year history. The 2016 first-year student class received over 12,000 applications and enrolled over 2,700 students, making it Towson's largest first-year student class in eight years, Schatzel said.
“As impressive as those numbers were, demands are even stronger for this upcoming fall,” Schatzel said. “We have received over 13,700 applications for this fall's upcoming class – an increase of almost 15 percent as compared to 2016.”
Per Schatzel, the Baltimore + TU, or Partnerships at Work for Greater Baltimore (BTU) initiative has formed a council of 28 university leaders from various departments in order to advance the 167 existing partnerships that TU faculty, staff and students have with greater Baltimore.
There will be a showcase for these BTU partnerships on April 24.
During last year's spring presidential address, Schatzel announced the creation of an inaugural Vice President for Inclusion and Institutional Equity position to oversee efforts toward diversity and inclusion.
“Diversity won't stick without inclusion, and inclusion is actually the precursor to diversity,” Schatzel said. “We will need to look critically to see how we can really be inclusive.”
Leah Cox, who filled the vice presidential role in January, reflected upon Schatzel's address by acknowledging the changing state of the university.
“You can see some visible changes that President Schatzel has made, so it gives you hope that even more is going to change,” Cox said.
Esme Cribb is a newswriter for TPM in New York City. They can be found on Twitter @emquiry and reached by email at esme@talkingpointsmemo.com.
April 13 Calatrava Capital SA:
* Michal Kwiatkowski has been appointed the company's chairperson of the supervisory board Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Mikel Arteta covered their face as they arrived for Manchester City training after reportedly suffering a cut during an altercation in the Old Trafford tunnel after the Manchester derby.
The alleged incident took place after City's 2-1 win over Manchester United on Sunday when Jose Mourinho took issue with how the winners celebrated their derby victory from their open dressing room.
The United boss made their feelings known to City goalkeeper Ederson and a quarrel ensued which, according to Sky sources, resulted in Arteta suffering a cut to the head.
The Daily Mail reports the gash came as a result of a player, believed to be Romelu Lukaku, throwing a bottle in the direction of the City assistant coach.
Camera Icon Mikel Arteta hides their face. Source: Sky Sports Picture: Supplied
Camera Icon Mikel Arteta hides their face. Source: Sky Sports Picture: Supplied
The Manchester Evening News reports that Lukaku leapt on the backs of their Manchester United colleagues, attempting to climb over them to enter the City dressing room as the brawl continued.
Lukaku, who missed a late chance to equalise and played a part in both of City's goals, “tried to get involved in the fracas” after Mourinho's acts sparked a 20-man fight.
United and City have been asked by the FA for observations relating to the incident which, according to Sky sources, also saw Mourinho have a carton of milk thrown towards him. It is believed no punches were thrown.
Arteta was pictured shielding their face as they drove into training on Monday, with fellow coach Lorenzo Buenaventura in the passenger seat.
The referee, Michael Oliver, did not see the incident after the game and did not include it in their report of the match.
City clinched a record 14th consecutive top-flight victory as they opened up an 11-point lead at the top of the Premier League.
David Silva's 43rd-minute goal had given City the lead at Old Trafford but Marcus Rashford punished a defensive lapse in first-half stoppage time to equalise for the hosts.
Nicolas Otamendi's strike nine minutes into the second half sealed victory for City in the 175th Manchester derby to extend their lead at the top of the Premier League to 11 points.
Read more at Sky Sports UK
Investigators narrowed down the origin, but not the cause, of a Monday morning house fire in downtown Juneau.
The fire started in the third-floor master bedroom in the house at 505 North Franklin Street, according to Fire Marshal Dan Jager.
Improperly discarded smoking materials or home electrical wiring caused the fire, Jager said.
Jager estimated the total amount of damage at $100,000.
Two people in the home escaped without any injuries. A firefighter suffered from a minor injury at the scene.
See photos from the scene on Monday below:
Firefighters work outside the house at the corner of Fifth and Franklin streets in Juneau after the fire there on May 28, 2018. (Photo by David Purdy/KTOO) Emergency vehicles and personnel at the corner of 5th and Franklin after the house fire there on May 28, 2018 (Photo by David Purdy/KTOO) Emergency vehicles and personnel at the corner of 5th and Franklin after the house fire there on May 28, 2018 (Photo by David Purdy/KTOO) Firefighters enter the house at the corner of Fifth and Franklin streets in Juneau after the house fire there on May 28, 2018. (Photo by David Purdy/KTOO) A group of firefighters talks at the corner of 5th and Franklin after the house fire there on May 28, 2018 (Photo by David Purdy/KTOO) A firefighter walks towards the corner of 5th and Franklin after the house fire there on May 28, 2018 (Photo by David Purdy/KTOO) A group of firefighters talks at the corner of 5th and Franklin after the house fire there on May 28, 2018 (Photo by David Purdy/KTOO) A firefighter aims a hose at the eaves of the house on 5th and Franklin that caught fire on May 28, 2018 (Photo by David Purdy/KTOO) Broken windows in the house on 5th and Franklin after the fire on May 28, 2018 (Photo by David Purdy/KTOO)
The Pittsburgh Steelers first move during free agency might not have been a dramatic one, but it certainly was cap friendly. Following an update to the NFLPA public salary cap report on Monday, it appears the signing of running back Fitzgerald Toussaint has cost the Steelers just $150,000 in salary cap space after displacement.
The only contract Toussaint could have signed with such a minimal impact on the team's cap position is one that was worth the league minimum and one that qualified for salary cap relief under the terms of the league's minimum salary benefit (MSB) rule.
As far as the accounts ledger is concerned, Toussaint will have a salary cap charge of $630,000 in 2018, but in practical terms, they will actually have earned $790,000 if they are still on the 53-man roster at the end of the regular season.
The idea behind MSB was to promote the signing of older veteran players by offering a discount against the cap. An accounting change for qualifying contracts puts them on a par with cheaper deals signed by younger players in cap terms. When a player signs a contract that qualifies for MSB, the franchise only has to account for the salary cap hit as if it were that of a second-year player on a minimum contract. In 2018 that figure would be $630,000.
Toussaint could have earned a signing bonus worth up to a maximum of $90,000 under the terms of the rules that govern MSB signings, but the Steelers did not include that as part of their deal this year. There would be no dead money associated with their contract if they are released before the season begins.
Related Projecting the Steelers starting defense two weeks into free agency
Posted by admin on April 18, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
MILAN, April 12 Italy's Prysmian, the world's largest cable maker, is discussing potential acquisitions but does not to overpay and offers it has submitted so far have been rejected, Chief Executive Valerio Battista said on Wednesday.
Prysmian, which manufactures telecoms and power cables, became the sector leader in 2011 when it bought Dutch rival Draka. The company has gone on acquiring small and medium-sized companies in recent years.
"We've filed offers ... that have been rejected ... they didn't like the price," Battista told journalists after a shareholder meeting, adding however talks were still going on.
They declined to give details on potential targets and just said one of the companies was medium-large sized. (Reporting by Francesca Landini and Massimo Gaia, editing by Valentina Za)
0 'Schoolhouse Rock' creator, jazz musician Bob Dorough dead at 94
Mount Bethel, Pa. - Gen Xers and millennials may not recognize the name, but they'll certainly recognize the music and lyrics Bob Dorough wrote for “Schoolhouse Rock.”
>> Read more trending news
Children who grew up in the 1970s and 80s watching Saturday-morning television invariaby saw and can probably recite Dorough's “Conjunction Junction,” one of the best-known Grammar Rock cartoons, or maybe “Lolly Lolly Lolly Get Your Abverbs Here.”
Dorough died Monday from natural causes at their home in Mount Bethel, Pennsylvania, according to The Associated Press. They were 94 years old.
Bob Dorough, the musical keystone of "Schoolhouse Rock!", died Monday afternoon at the age of 94. https://t.co/n5OWBKkLrM — NPR (@NPR) April 24, 2018
Dorough was the artist behind the “Multiplication Rock” math series, creating all the lyrics and music for the series, which was part of ABC's educational “Schoolhouse Rock” series, according to USA Today.
They also wrote the song, “Devil May Care,” which jazz legend Miles Davis recorded, according to Dorough's biography.
Dorough was born in Arkansas and raised in Texas, where they “immediately fell in love with music upon joining the Planview Texas High School Band,” their biography said.
They gained musical experience after serving in the Special Services Army Band Unit from 1943-1945, playing multiple instruments, including the saxophone, clarinet and piano.
Dorough, a 1949 graduate of the University of North Texas, studied composition and piano and went on to perform in jazz clubs in Los Angeles and Paris, but it was a commission in 1971 to “set the multiplication tables to music” that led to their most well-known gig. Dorough became the musical director for “Schoolhouse Rock,” and entertained and instructed unsuspecting children from 1973 until 1985.
Bob Dorough (1923-2018) "Schoolhouse Rock" singer/songwriter.
They wrote and/or performed "Conjunction Junction," "3 Is A Magic Number," "The Shot Heard Round the World," Lolly, Lolly, Lolly, Get Your Adverbs Here" + many others in the educational series.https://t.co/T3WNxZ1EAG — Sony Movie Channel (@SonyMovieCh) April 24, 2018
In 1995, Dorough signed on with jazz label Blue Note Records and recorded three albums for the label.
Dorough's funeral is scheduled for Monday in Mount Bethel, Pennsylvania.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
Scroll for more content...
Think you're washing your hands properly? Think again. The Department of Agriculture says you're probably doing it all wrong. Here's what else you need to know to Get Up to Speed and Out the Door. (You can also get "5 Things You Need to Know Today" delivered to your inbox daily. (Sign up here.)
1. NATO
President Trump has rattled traditional US allies again, this time in the form of letters sent to leaders of NATO nations. The letters, first reported on by The New York Times, were delivered last month to the leaders of Germany, Belgium, Norway and Canada, among others, and demanded they increase their defense spending. Trump threatened to alter America's global military presence if they didn't. The President is going to a NATO summit meeting next week in Brussels, so yeah, it'll be awkward.
2. Thailand cave rescue
A wave of relief swept around the world after word got out that the 12 boys and their soccer coach trapped in a cave in Thailand had been found alive. The group has been trapped in a flooded cave in the Tham Luang Nang Non cave system in northern Thailand for more than a week. But that rush of excitement has now turned to trepidation. It will not be easy getting them out. The only way out is flooded and attempts to pump water out of the cave have failed. So rescuers are considering teaching the boys how to scuba dive in order to save them. This entire rescue operation might take awhile. How long? Officials plan to supply the group with four months' worth of food.
3. Supreme Court
The White House is in full-blown Supreme Court mode, as it prepares for the announcement of President Trump's Supreme Court picks next week. Trump said he's already interviewed four candidates. Reports are that he's intrigued by the prospect of picking the first truly conservative female justice (Sandra Day O'Connor ultimately disappointed many conservatives). That may mean that federal judge Amy Coney Barrett is Trump's dream candidate. CNN's Chris Cillizza says for a President who considers image to be everything, Coney Barrett -- a woman, a mother, a reliable conservative -- comes straight out of Central Casting.
4. Germany
German Chancellor Angela Merkel reached an agreement on how to deal with migrants in their country which also keeps their coalition government from unraveling. Merkel agreed to set up transit centers to return migrants to countries where they've already registered for asylum. It's a big concession for Merkel, who had stuck with a policy of welcoming migrants to Germany, despite the political pushback she's gotten from the country's right-wing. But the pressure has been mounting and reached a criticial point when the country's interior minister threatened to quit over Merkel's migration policies. That would have likely left Merkel's political coalition in shambles.
5. Portland State protests
Students at Portland State University are protesting having armed police on campus after a man trying to break up a fight was shot and killed by officers. Jason Washington was trying to stop the fight outside of a sports bar late last week when a gun fell out of their holster. When they reached for it, officers shot him. Protesters demonstrated over the weekend at the Oregon school, which has only had armed campus officers for a couple of years. The officers involved in the shooting are on paid administrative leave.
BREAKFAST BROWSE
People are talking about these. Read up. Join in.
Prime Day (and a half)
The next Amazon Prime Day is coming, but it's really not a day at all. The uber popular online savings event, set for July 16, will now be 36 hours long.
All star teams
First Lebron went to the Lakers. Now DeMarcus Cousins has joined the Warriors. Everybody else in the NBA should just throw in the towel.
Baby boom
Ever wanted to see a planet being born? Thanks to a "planet-hunting instrument," now you can.
Parting gift
Some needy kids can still be Toys 'R' Us kids, thanks to an anonymous shopper who spent $1 million right before the stores closed for good.
Flower power
A 3-year-old girl beat cancer, then served as the flower girl in their bone marrow donor's wedding. Just go ahead and grab those tissues now.
Crew member miracle
A man fell off a cruise ship, then was rescued almost a full day later -- by another cruise ship.
QUOTE OF THE DAY
"Stay in the country and let's look for solutions to support you."
Honduran first lady Ana García Carías, discouraging their country's citizens from trying to cross the US-Mexico border illegally. García Carías toured an immigration processing center in McAllen, Texas.
NUMBER OF THE DAY
60 million
The number of Americans under a heat watch, warning or advisory today, as the worst heat wave of the year torches the East
AND FINALLY
Play time
Multiplayer games aren't just for humans. Dogs like them too! (Click to view)
ONE MORE THING
There's no newsletter tomorrow, because of the Fourth of July holiday, so enjoy the fireworks and parades and we'll see you all back here on Thursday.
TERRE HAUTE Ind. (WTHI) - It will be at least another week before the Indiana Parole Office can move back into its normal office space inside the Vigo County Community Corrections Center.
Scroll for more content...
The State Parole Office has been operating out of a temporary office inside the center since Wednesday.
LINK | THE DAMAGE: AN INSIDE LOOK AT THE VIGO COUNTY COMMUNITY CORRECTIONS FACILITY
That's according to director Bill Watson.
They also told us clean-up continued on Monday at the facility.
Fire investigators are still asking for your help finding the suspect in this fire.
LINK | SURVEILLANCE VIDEO SHOWS THE MAN SUSPECTED OF SETTING FIRE TO COMMUNITY CORRECTIONS BUILDING WALKING THE HALLS
If you have any information, call Crime Stoppers at 812-238-STOP.
Irish Water is going ahead with plans to bring water from the River Shannon to Dublin and the Midlands.
The 1-point-3 billion Euro pipelines will supply 40 percent of the population within the next 7 years.
The plans will see water taken from the Parteen basin in North Tipperary and pumped up to 170 kilometers to the Midlands and Greater Dublin area.
Critics say the money would be better spent repairing leaks in the capital.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
NEW YORK (AP) — Quite a rally for Rumor — a commanding comeback for German shepherds, too.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Rumor was crowned America's top dog Tuesday night when, a year after a near miss on the very same green carpet, they came out of retirement to win best in show at the Westminster Kennel Club.
Cheered loudly all around the ring by a packed crowd at Madison Square Garden, she's just the second German shepherd champion at the event that began in 1877.
“Unbelievable,” handler and co-owner Kent Boyles said.
In a year that's seen lots of late, startling twists in sports — think Patriots, Cubs and Cavaliers — Rumor pulled something of a shocker. She'd been at home in Wisconsin for months, a house pet headed toward having puppies, when they suddenly jumped back into the show ring in January.
Boyles is a fan of the Packers and star quarterback Aaron Rodgers. Seeing a pet go from the couch to this top prize, heck, that's a dog world Hail Mary.
The 5-year-old Rumor beat out a Norwegian elkhound, a Pekingese, a miniature poodle, an Irish setter, a boxer and a Norwich terrier in the final ring. The Irish setter called Adrian finished second.
“The German shepherd standard talks about quality and nobility,” judge Thomas Bradley III said. “When you recognize it, it hits you at home, and that's what it really is.  They are just magnificent.”
Rumor is named for the hit song “Rumor Has It” by Adele, a champion themselves after sweeping the major categories at the Grammy Awards on Sunday.
This was the 104th career win for Rumor, and earlier in the day, Boyles said that this would definitely, for real, be their last major show.
“She's going to be relaxing for a while,” Boyles said after the win, but ultimately, there are “puppies in their future.”
Clearly the crowd favorite, Rumor came out flying into the best-of-seven final ring to fans whistling and calling them name.
Rumor raised up for a well-deserved treat right after the win. Moments later, as Boyles did post-show interviews, Rumor spotted them and ran toward the man who guided them to victory.
Rumor joined the fittingly named Manhattan in 1987 as the only German shepherds to go best in show at the Garden.
There were nearly 2,800 dogs entered in the 141st Westminster canine competition, spread across the 202 eligible breeds and varieties.
The moment any German shepherd steps into the ring at the Garden, the crowd goes crazy.
New Yorkers just love 'em.
Some say it's because rooting for a German shepherd is the same as putting on an NYPD or FDNY hat, standing up for a dog that stood tall at a time of the city's greatest need.
“My sentiments, exactly,” Boyles said.
While German shepherds hadn't won a lot here, many of them were on the green carpet of the center ring in 2002 when Westminster honored search and rescue dogs for their tireless work at the World Trade Center and Pentagon following the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. The solemn tribute is considered by many the most cherished memory ever at Westminster.
“They're loyal, dependable dogs that you can count on,” Boyles said.
Rumor nearly won Westminster last year. They came to town as the nation's No. 1 show dog with more than 100 overall ribbons but was beaten in a surprise by a German shorthaired pointer named CJ.
In fact, when the judge began to announce their champion pick with “German sh…,” Boyles took a step forward, anticipating the prize.
“I was thinking,” Boyles said.
That was supposed to be Rumor's last show, and they were set to head home with Boyles to Edgerton, Wisconsin, to be a house pet and have puppies. They didn't conceive and late in the year, Boyles thought twice about Rumor's retirement.
“She liked to show and was in good shape, so we thought, why not?” they said.
Rumor went back on the circuit in January for 10 shows. They won the herding group Monday night at the Garden, beating top show favorite Preston the puli.
They topped that with the ultimate win at America's most prestigious dog show, rewarding the faith German shepherd fans always show in them.
“It's a recognizable dog, people have liked them for a long, long time,” WKC President Sean McCarthy said earlier. “I think it goes back to Rin Tin Tin.”
___
AP freelance writer Ginger Tidwell contributed to this report.
By Sindhu Chandrasekaran March 29 Indonesian shares hit a record high on Wednesday, leading gains in Southeast Asia, as strong U.S. consumer confidence buoyed sentiment in Asian economies reliant on exports to the United States. U.S. consumer confidence surged to a more than 16-year high in March, government data showed on Tuesday, while the goods trade deficit narrowed sharply in February, indicating the economy was regaining momentum after faltering at the start of the year. "The markets are responding positively to the positive (U.S.) consumer sentiment," said April Lee-Tan, head of research department at COL Financial Group, adding regional markets would benefit from upbeat U.S. consumers by boosting exports. Indonesia gained as much as 0.9 percent, buoyed by financials such as Bank Negara Indonesia (Persero) Tbk PT, which rose 3.5 percent. The market was closed on Tuesday for a holiday. Singapore climbed 0.8 percent, with financials including DBS Group Holdings accounting for more than half the gains. Vietnam was trading flat, after data showed Vietnam's economic growth hit a three-year low of 5.1 percent year-over-year in the first quarter, the slowest pace for any quarter in three years, as adverse weather hurt agricultural output. The country's inflation in March slowed as prices of food, drinks and clothes fell slightly, the General Statistics Office said. Thai stocks were also largely flat, ahead of the Thai central bank's monetary policy review due later in the day. The interest rate, which has been steady since April 2015 and is just a quarter-point above the record low in 2009, is expected to remain unchanged. Malaysia fell as much as 0.3 percent, with industrials dragging down the index. For Asian Companies click; SOUTHEAST ASIAN STOCK MARKETS : CHANGE AT 0443 Market Current previous Pct Move close Singapore 3177.55 3157.82 0.62 Bangkok 1576.83 1576.72 0.01 Manila 7334.17 7331.46 0.04 Jakarta 5586.115 5541.202 0.81 Kuala Lumpur 1750.63 1754.42 -0.22 Ho Chi Minh 719.13 719.26 -0.02 Change on year Market Current End 2016 Pct Move Singapore 3177.55 2880.76 10.30 Bangkok 1576.83 1542.94 2.20 Manila 7334.17 6840.64 7.2 Jakarta 5586.115 5296.711 5.46 Kuala Lumpur 1750.63 1641.73 6.63 Ho Chi Minh 719.13 664.87 8.2 (Reporting by Sindhu Chandrasekaran; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
Scroll for more content...
Here are the stories our D.C. insiders are talking about in this week's "Inside Politics" forecast, where you get a glimpse of tomorrow's headlines today.
1. West Wing turnover coming?
The start of summer could coincide with the beginning of more West Wing turnover.
Last July saw the departures of Reince Priebus and Sean Spicer. This year White House observers are watching for whether their successors John Kelly and Sarah Sanders follow their lead. Michael Shear of The New York Times said Kelly has been "essentially invisible as chief of staff for weeks now."
"There are rumors almost every day that their departure is coming," Shear said. "And keep your eye ultimately on when Sarah Sanders leaves, because while they say she's not going anywhere, she's been in the job for close to a year now. If they leaf, you're likely to see an entire turnover of their press staff."
2. Trump aide legal fund details
The end of the second quarter means it's time for political action committees to disclose their fundraising numbers from the past three months. Weekly Standard senior writer Michael Warren says he's particularly interested in the Patriot Legal Expense Fund Trust -- the PAC set up to help associates of President Trump pay legal bills incurred from the Russia investigation.
"It's a pretty unusual organization," Warren said. "Some Democrats are raising questions about the connection that this PAC will have with the Trump re-election campaign. I'm just looking to find out who donated to this and who's getting the money. We haven't found any of those answers yet."
3. Filibuster fight
Trump has called again and again for the Senate to eliminate the filibuster -- which would allow the GOP to pass almost anything it wants without a single Democratic vote. And now a senior Senate Republican says they may agree, reports Politico's Rachael Bade.
"There was a meeting at the White House this week where the president and House Republicans tried to make the case to a bunch of [Senate] Republicans," Bade said. "Basically they argued that 'you did this for the Supreme Court and look what happened? We have a great justice. You should do the same thing for appropriations.'"
And they may have won over the senior senator from Alabama -- Richard Shelby, who chairs the Appropriations Committee.
"He apparently told the President, 'Okay, I can back this even though Mitch McConnell is opposed to it.' And I think we're going to see a big assault on the filibuster in the coming months," Bade said.
4. GOP lawmakers struggle with Trump trade policy
Trump's trade war continues to escalate, with new retaliatory Canadian tariffs on US goods coming into effect on Sunday. And that's causing a lot of heartburn among Senate Republicans.
"You saw Senate Republicans becoming more and more aggressive this past week against the President and their trade policies," Washington Post reporter Seung Min Kim said. Sens. Bob Corker and Pat Toomey are pushing a bill that would give Congress more oversight over the President's trade policy authority.
For now, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is blocking their bill from coming up for a vote. "But if that vote happens, it's going to be one that really puts a lot of Republicans in a tough spot: either endorse their core ideology of free trade, or go along with the President of their party who's an incredibly popular figure with their voters," Kim said. "This is going to be a battle that continues to heat up."
5. Pain at the pump
And from CNN Chief National Correspondent John King:
The President is ignoring Republican complaints that their trade war could end up hurting the GOP in the midterms. But they are trying to respond to another economic worry -- even though they twisted the facts in a tweet about it.
Gas prices are up 60 cents a gallon over the past year -- and Republicans worry that takes a summer bite out of their big tax cut. The President tweeted Saturday that the King of Saudi Arabia promised to help by producing more oil. But the White House had to correct the record later -- to say King Salman did not promise anything other than to maintain the standard level of Saudi reserves, and to keep in touch with OPEC partners about the market.
Celebrity chef Mario Batali is stepping away from their restaurant business and ABC television show amid allegations of sexual misconduct.
Batali said in a statement to CNNMoney that they are “deeply sorry” for any pain or humiliation they have caused.
“I apologize to the people I have mistreated and hurt,” Batali said. “That behavior was wrong and there are no excuses. I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain, humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers, employees, customers, friends and family.”
That statement was first made public early Monday in an investigation on Eater, the restaurant news website. Eater's report included four accounts of women who claimed that Batali “touched them inappropriately in a pattern of behavior that appears to span at least two decades.”
The women, some of whom worked for Batali, claimed they had groped them, according to Eater. The story did not name them.
Related: The media men who have been accused of sexual misconduct
Batali did not refer to the Eater investigation in their statement. But they said, “although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me, much of the behavior described does, in fact, match up with ways I have acted.”
“We built these restaurants so that our guests could have fun and indulge, but I took that too far in my own behavior,” they said. “I won't make that mistake again.”
The Batali and Bastianich Hospitality Group, a collection of restaurants, confirmed to CNNMoney that Batali has stepped away from company operations.
They remain an owner of the group, which they founded with restaurateur Joe Bastianich. A spokesperson said that Batali and the owners are reviewing that role.
“We take these allegations very seriously,” B&B said in a statement, which was first provided to Eater. “We pride ourselves on being a workplace for our employees where they can grow and deliver great service with equal opportunity and free from any discrimination.
The group added: “We have strong policies and practices in place that address sexual harassment. We train employees in these policies and we enforce them, up to and including termination.”
The B&B spokesperson said the company also investigated a complaint about Batali's behavior in October. It was the only complaint B&B has ever received about Batali, the company said.
An employee at one of the group's restaurants reported “inappropriate behavior,” according to the spokesperson, who would not disclose the name of the restaurant or details about the incident.
The B&B spokesperson said Batali was counseled, reprimanded and required to undergo additional sexual harassment training. After that report, they volunteered not to go to the restaurant mentioned in the complaint.
Within the past few weeks, they stepped away from their operational role entirely, said the spokesperson, who declined to say anything further about what led to that decision. The company said it was not aware of other complaints at its restaurants.
Batali has also been a host on ABC's “The Chew” for the past several years. An ABC spokesperson told CNNMoney on Monday that they are also stepping away from that production.
“We have asked Mario Batali to step away from The Chew while we review the allegations that have just recently come to our attention,” the spokesperson said. “ABC takes matters like this very seriously as we are committed to a safe work environment. While we are unaware of any type of inappropriate behavior involving them and anyone affiliated with the show, we will swiftly address any alleged violations of our standards of conduct.”
And Food Network, which aired Batali's show “Molto Mario” from 1996 to 2004, said it is shelving plans to bring back the program.
“Food Network takes matters like this very seriously,” the network said.
Oklahoma City police are looking for two suspects they say stole a bottle of alcohol and smashed the glass of a liquor store's door.
According to authorities, two men entered a liquor store near Northwest 17th St. and North Lottie Ave. on Jan. 14 and attempted to steal a bottle of alcohol. Investigators say a clerk in the store saw the attempted theft and removed the bottle from one man's coat, locked the store's door and called police.
As the clerk was on the phone with police the same man grabbed another bottle of alcohol and put it in their coat, according to police. Then men then attempted to exit the locked door, and eventually they broke the glass and then crawled out, officers said.
Anyone with any information is asked to call OKCPD Crime Stoppers at (405) 235-7300 or submit a tip online at okccrimetips.com.
TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's government will likely present to parliament its nominees of next central bank governor and deputy governors around mid- to late February at the earliest, sources familiar with the matter say.
There is a strong chance Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda will be reappointed when their five-year term ends in April, given premier Shinzo Abe's recent comments praising them for boosting growth, government and parliament sources say.
But this is by no means not a certainty, the sources say. While many in the market are betting on Kuroda's reappointment, some see the chance of other candidates such as Etsuro Honda, Abe's former aide who has expressed interest in the post, landing the job.
Koichi Hamada, a Yale University academic and Abe's economic adviser, praised Kuroda but said there were other well-qualified individuals who could take up the reins.
“The standard strategy is to continue with Governor Kuroda, or any person who pursues ‘Abenomics' like him,” they told Reuters.
Kuroda and their two deputy governors - career central banker Hiroshi Nakaso and former academic Kikuo Iwata - will see their terms end on April 8 and March 19, respectively.
Nominees for such high-profile positions need approval by both houses of parliament to become effective. The government usually submits its nominees for various posts in two rounds.
The BOJ nominees are likely to be in the second round and won't be submitted to parliament until the first round gets approved, which may take until mid-February, the sources say.
That means the government's nominees for BOJ governor and deputy governors won't be presented to parliament until later this month or even early March, they say.
“It might not come until late February,” said a ruling party lawmaker familiar with the process, a view echoed by two other sources who spoke on condition of anonymity.
The timing will depend much on how smoothly the government can push through parliament the state budget for next fiscal year and find time to take the nominees' list for vote.
It is a near certainty the government's nominations will get the majority needed to pass parliament, as Abe's ruling coalition has enough seats in both houses of Diet.
ONE DEPUTY POST FOR A CENTRAL BANKER?
The choice of the new BOJ leadership will be crucial as it would set the path of monetary policy and affect how quickly the central bank could follow in the footsteps of its U.S. and European peers in dialling back crisis-era stimulus steps.
While Kuroda has dismissed the chance of an early exit from easy policy, analysts see their reappointment as heightening the chance for a slow but steady shift toward monetary normalisation.
The choice of candidates with more radical views like Honda, an advocate of big fiscal spending financed by faster central bank money printing, may jolt markets as investors may see it as a break away from the current policy framework, analysts say.
The government will likely fill one of the two deputy posts with a career central banker with deep expertise on markets and technicalities of monetary policy, the sources say.
A reappointment of Nakaso or an appointment of BOJ Executive Director Masayoshi Amamiya, who masterminded many of the bank's monetary policy steps, are seen as possibilities, they say.
A Reuters poll last year showed many analysts expect Kuroda to serve another five-year term as governor, though some saw the top job going to Honda, Nakaso or Amamiya.
On Friday, a Cole County judge will hear arguments on whether to block the use of the Confide app by Gov. Eric Greitens and their staff members, while the Attorney General's office is investigating.
Scroll for more content...
Two St. Louis attorneys filed lawsuits against the governor's office for using the app Confide on their personal cell phones to communicate with each other. The app erases a text message after it is read and prevents anyone from saving, forwarding, printing or taking screenshot of the text. The lawsuit claims the app undermines Missouri's open records laws. The Missouri Sunshine law is in place to establish government transparency by allowing public access to state meetings, records, votes, actions and deliberations.
As of Thursday, the Kansas City Star reports the governor's staffers appear to have deleted their accounts with the Confide app.
Missouri Attorney General Josh Hawley's Office is investigating. Right now, Hawley says the law doesn't give their office enough to work with yet to do a thorough investigation or punish anyone if they violated the law for retaining records.
"I am confident we will get the information we need, and if we can't, then we will make that known," said Hawley, "If we do not receive cooperation for these inquiries and can't get the information we need to conduct a review, we will make that public."
In December, Gov. Greitens ?commented on the Confide app usage claims:
"This is another nothing story that's coming from a liberal media outlet that is just desperate for salacious headlines."
A father and son have been charged over a sickening attack on a teenage boy in Port Augusta.
ABOARD A MILITARY AIRCRAFT — Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said Tuesday that the U.S. would confront behavior out of step with international law, in response to a question about U.S. defense policy towards China's increasing deployment of military weapons on territories in the South China Sea that are claimed by multiple nations.
“We are going out of our way to cooperate with Pacific nations. That's the way we do business in the world, but we're also going to confront what we believe is out of step with international law, out of step with international tribunals that have spoken on the issue,” they said.
Mattis made the remarks to a group of reporters traveling with him, including from Breitbart News, to Hawaii for a change of command ceremony at U.S. Pacific Command from outgoing commander Adm. Harry Harris to Adm. Philip Davidson on Wednesday.
They will then head to Singapore for the annual Shangri-La defense forum, where they will meet with a number of regional defense leaders and experts. A key topic expected to be discussed will be how to confront China's increasing militarization of the South China Sea.
The U.S. took the dramatic step last week of disinviting China from a major U.S.-led biennial naval exercise in the Pacific Ocean known as Rim of the Pacific (RIMPAC) this year, after China deployed anti-ship missiles, surface-to-air missile systems, and electronic jammers to the land features in the South China Sea. China also landed a bomber at Woody Island.
The Pentagon first invited China to attend in 2014, in a gesture of goodwill and improving U.S.-Sino military relations. The disinvite was described as an “initial response to China's continued militarization of the South China Sea.”
“There had been a promise in 2015, by [Chinese President Xi Jinping], in the Rose Garden at a White House meeting, where they stated they would not be militarizing the Spratly Islands. We have seen in the last month they've done exactly that, moving weaponry in that was never there before,” Mattis said.
Over the weekend, the Pentagon also sailed two destroyers through the South China Sea as part of Freedom of Navigation Operation (FONOP) aimed at keeping the waters open for international commerce. The FONOP angered China, which considers the body of water as part of its domain.
Mattis said the U.S. will continue those operations.
“You'll notice that there's only one country that seems to take active steps to rebuff them or state their resentment of them. But it's international waters, and a lot of nations want to see freedom of navigation, so we'll continue that,” they said.
They said U.S. diplomats are “robustly engaged” on the issue, and that there is growing international concern.
“Concerns have come to me not from American government circles but also from foreign navies that are also concerned, very concerned about this continuing militarization of features in the South China Sea,” they said.
They contrasted the U.S. Navy's FONOPs with opaque Chinese behavior.
“There's a very steady drumbeat of freedom of navigation operations. We've very open about them, and report them,” they said.
A teacher shortage in Mississippi is sparking a program to help students in Pearl River County get teaching degrees.
PARIS May 3 Presidential candidate Marine Le Pen would try to change France's electoral law by referendum if they win the presidency on Sunday and their National Front (FN) party fails to win a parliamentary majority in June, a senior FN official said.
Le Pen, who is standing against centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron in Sunday's presidential run-off, would then call new elections under the new rules.
France holds parliamentary elections on June 11 and 18.
"If the new Assembly is hostile to us, we would change the electoral law via a referendum organised as soon as next summer, then the president would dissolve the National Assembly," Gilles Lebreton, the FN official told Le Canard Enchaine newspaper.
Le Pen's official manifesto states that they would implement proportional representation with a 30-percent bonus for the party which came first in the election.
France's existing two-round voting system has so far ensured that despite winning about a quarter of the votes in recent elections, the FN has only two members of parliament.
In the 2014 European parliamentary election, the FN came first in France with 24.84 percent of the vote.
Opinion polls show Macron defeating Le Pen on Sunday 60-40. (Reporting by Michel Rose; Editing by Louise Ireland)
Effendi Ibranovic Dzemail poses for a photograph inside Sulejmanija Mosque in Travnik, Bosnia and Herzegovina. "Sulejmanija Mosque in Travnik is famous because it has many different colours inside. You can compare that with different religions in...more
Effendi Ibranovic Dzemail poses for a photograph inside Sulejmanija Mosque in Travnik, Bosnia and Herzegovina. "Sulejmanija Mosque in Travnik is famous because it has many different colours inside. You can compare that with different religions in Bosnia and Herzegovina. Bosnia is beautiful and colorful precisely because of its multiculturalism. That is the true value of this country, which we should preserve and nurture," Dzemail said. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic
Close
Before there were famous dogs on social media, there were just plain ol' celebrity pets who were beloved for being sidekicks to the rich and famous. Many of the V.I.P. dogs of Hollywood are celebrated on Instagram and Twitter too, of course, and GoCompare Pet Insurance recently put out a list of the Top 10 most popular dog breeds of the stars and shared it with PEOPLE.
The company researched the pets of 250 dog-loving celebs to gather the most popular breeds. It then compared this list with the American Kennel Club's recent list of the most popular dog breeds in the U.S. Of the 250 celebrity dogs, there were 59 breeds most frequently represented.
Hugh Jackman/Instagram
Top 10 Most Popular Celebrity Dog Breeds
1. French Bulldog: Owners include David Beckham, Hugh Jackman, Lady Gaga
2. German Shepherd: Owners include Ben Affleck, Robbie Williams, Jennifer Aniston
3. Labrador Retriever: Owners include Nick Jonas, Jennifer Garner, Emily Blunt
4. Golden Retriever: Owners include Kate Middleton, Andrew Garfield
5. Pomeranian: Owners include Mischa Barton, Kim Kardashian West, Gwen Stefani
6. Chihuahua: Owners include Demi Moore, Katherine Heigl, Paris Hilton
7. Yorkshire Terrier: Owners include Simon Cowell, Miranda Kerr, Naomi Watts
8. Bulldog: Owners include Joe Jonas, Adam Sandler
9. Maltese: Owners include Eva Longoria, Halle Berry, Alec Baldwin
10. Pug: Owners include Hugh Laurie, Ted Danson, Gerard Butler
Now, check out how the celebrity breed rankings compare to the U.S. dog breed ownership population ranking.
U.S. Population: Top 10 Most Popular Dog Breeds (according to the AKC)
1. Labrador Retriever
2. German Shepherd
3. Golden Retriever
4. French Bulldog
5. Bulldog
6. Beagle
7. Poodle
8. Rottweiler
9. Yorkshire Terrier
10. German Shorthaired Pointer
As you can see, Chihuahuas, Maltese and pugs were much more popular among celebrities than the general population. But, French bulldogs, German shepherds, Labrador retrievers, Yorkshire terriers, bulldogs and golden retrievers made it to the top of both lists.
In 2017, for the 27th year in a row, the Labrador retriever was the most popular dog breed in America — and it's also very popular among the stars, coming in at No. 3 on the celebrity breed list.
Apr 13 (Reuters) Japan Senior Living Investment Corporation FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS (in billions of yen unless specified) 6 months 6 months 6 months 6 months ended Feb 28, 2017 ended Aug 31, 2016 to Aug 31, 2017 to Feb 28, 2018 LATEST PRIOR COMPANY COMPANY RESULTS RESULTS FORECAST FORECAST Revenues 988 mln 980 mln 988 mln 987 mln (+0.9 pct ) (-15.0 pct ) (0.0 pct ) (-0.1 pct ) Net 301 mln 302 mln 296 mln 296 mln (-0.3 pct ) (+42.4 pct ) (-1.7 pct ) (0.0 pct ) Div 3,561 yen 3,573 yen 3,500 yen 3,500 yen To see Company Overview page, click reuters://REALTIME/verb=CompanyData/ric=3460.T
The trip that had the biggest impact on Kristen Bell wasn't an epic nature trek or a visit to a spiritual site. It was a visit to “the Mitten,” where they grew up.
Bell, 37, planned a simple trip to their home state of Michigan with their husband, Dax Shepard, 42, and their daughters, Lincoln, 4, and Delta, 2, that ended up having a big impact on their marriage and their feelings about going home, they say in the fall/winter issue of Airbnb magazine.
RELATED: See The Most Wished-for Airbnb in Every State
Qualifications for paddle boarding: 1. Arms 2. No sense of direction 3. A righteous wedgie NAILED IT. #lakemichigan A post shared by kristen bell (@kristenanniebell) on Sep 17, 2016 at 11:23am PDT
“My husband and I really wanted our kids to experience some time on a Michigan lake like we did grow up,” Bell writes. So in summer 2016, The Good Place star rented a 15-bedroom house and spent a week kayaking, playing ping-pong and making s'mores,
More importantly, however, Bell says they and Shepard, who've been open about their relationship's “volatile” start and the importance of therapy in their marriage, got closer to one another.
First daddy daughter swim in Lake Michigan-a right of passage for any Mitten baby ✋ A post shared by kristen bell (@kristenanniebell) on Sep 15, 2016 at 7:53am PDT
RELATED: WATCH: See Inside John Legend and Chrissy Teigen's 3 On-Tour Airbnbs
“I learned more about my husband as we both shared stories about things we did grow up,” Bell writes. So it's no surprise, they note, the experience is one worth repeating: “We've decided to go home, at least for a week, to a Michigan lake every year.”
Read the full story in the fall/winter issue Airbnb magazine, on newsstands now.
OHSAA Basketball and Wrestling State Tournament Tickets Go On Sale
Basketball group tickets, boys basketball “Center Court Club” and girls basketball Championship Saturday “Group Value Pack” information included
COLUMBUS – All-session tickets for the upcoming Ohio High School Athletic Association wrestling and basketball state tournaments went on sale Friday, January 26, at 10 a.m. All three state tournaments are held at the Schottenstein Center in Columbus, with wrestling March 8-10, girls basketball March 15-17 and boys basketball March 22-24.
Tickets will be available at www.Ticketmaster.com (search OHSAA) or from the Schottenstein Center box office or by calling 1-800-GO-BUCKS.
In addition, order forms are now available for “Center Court Club” tickets to the boys basketball state tournament and “Group Value Pack” tickets to Championship Saturday of the girls basketball state tournament. Details are below and online at: http://www.ohsaa.org/TheSchott
Basketball Group Tickets Available Beginning February 1
Beginning Feb. 1, groups of 10 or more can purchase tickets at a special rate to any game of the girls or boys basketball state tournaments. For groups of 20 or more, two group leaders get free tickets to the selected game(s), along with other incentives for the group. Interested groups should call 1-800-GO-BUCKS (select Option 2) or email AthleticSales@osu.edu.
Girls Basketball Championship Saturday Group Value Packs
Groups that can only attend Championship Saturday of the girls basketball state tournament can take advantage of the Group Value Pack offer, which includes a ticket for all four state championship games on Saturday, March 17, a t-shirt and popcorn for $24 per person. Parking is free. Each group will be recognized on the arena's videoboard.
Order form: http://www.ohsaa.org/Portals/0/Sports/Basketball-Girls/GirlsGroupValuePack.pdf
Boys Basketball “Center Court Club” Tickets
During the boys basketball state tournament, tickets are available in the Center Court Club, which is located very close to the court and gives fans the opportunity to remain in the arena between games in a special hospitality area. Center Court Club tickets cost $45 per game, or $498 for an all-session ticket book.
Order form: http://www.ohsaa.org/Portals/0/Sports/Basketball-Boys/2017-18/CenterCourtForm2018.pdf
Boys Basketball “Four Pack” Offer
Two special “Four Pack” ticket offers were available for the boys basketball state tournament beginning Jan. 26. The first special is for “Championship Saturday” that includes a ticket to each of the four championship games in the Terrace Level for $36. The second special includes four tickets together in the Terrace Level for any of the 12 games for $36 (a savings of $3 per ticket).
2018 Individual Wrestling (March 8-10)
All-session ticket books went on sale Jan. 26 at 10 a.m. Ticket books are $75 each for the Entry and Club Levels and $55 each for the Terrace Level. Individual session tickets go on sale March 5 at 10 a.m. Tickets are $15 each. Single-session tickets go on sale March 5.
2018 Girls Basketball (March 15-17)
All-session ticket books and individual session tickets went on sale Jan. 26 at 10 a.m. Ticket books are $64 each. All tickets are in the Entry and Club Levels of the Schottenstein Center. Single-session tickets are $10 each.
2018 Boys Basketball (March 22-24)
All-session ticket books went on sale Jan. 26 at 10 a.m. Ticket books in the Entry and Club Level are $144 each. Ticket books in the Terrace Level are $120 each. Individual session tickets go on sale March 15 at 10 a.m. Tickets cost $15 per game for the Entry and Club Levels and $12 for the Terrace Level. Single-session tickets go on sale March 15.
Schottenstein Center Suites and RV Parking Available
Fans interested in watching the state tournaments from a suite inside the Schottenstein Center can contact Justin Doyle at doyle.106@osu.edu for pricing and availability. Overnight RV parking will be available for $25 per day in the Buckeye Lots north of the Schottenstein Center.
OHSAA Announces Fall Sports Divisional Breakdowns for Football, Volleyball and Soccer
Competitive Balance roster data from 2017 season used to determine 2018 divisional assignments
COLUMBUS – New divisional breakdowns for the upcoming fall sports of football, volleyball and soccer were approved by the Ohio High School Athletic Association Board of Directors during its January meeting last Thursday. The 2018-19 school year will mark the second school year competitive balance roster data is used in football, volleyball, soccer, basketball, softball and baseball.
The board also approved a modification to the business rules for competitive balance, removing the previous regulation that allowed a school to move up only one division due to competitive balance. As a result, two schools in football moved up two divisions.
The 2018-19 school year will mark the second year of a two-year cycle for using base enrollment data provided by the Ohio Department of Education. Every year for those sports affected by competitive balance, sport-specific roster data from the previous season is used to modify the enrollment data in those sports based on factors that OHSAA member schools approved by referendum vote in 2014.
The lists linked below contain the schools that were registered to qualify for the 2017 tournaments. They are not the final list of schools that are competing in 2018. The list of schools participating within each division could change prior to the 2018 tournaments, including both deletions (schools that are not playing in 2018 or suspended) or additions (new schools opening or consolidations, etc.).
2018 Football Divisional Assignments:
http://www.ohsaa.org/Sports-Tournaments/Football/Football-2018
2018 regions and playoff format will be announced in May.
2018 Volleyball Divisional Assignments:
http://www.ohsaa.org/Sports-Tournaments/Volleyball/Volleyball-2018
2018 Soccer Divisional Assignments:
http://www.ohsaa.org/Sports-Tournaments/Soccer/Soccer-2018
“Competitive Balance continues to be a journey we are all on together,” Dr. Dan Ross, OHSAA Executive Director, said. “The early approval of the 2018 fall sports divisional breakdowns is the result of countless hours of work by our staff and our member schools. The competitive balance committee continues to meet and study the process and the results, and we continue to receive feedback from our member schools.”
According to Competitive Balance regulations, the previous season's roster data (grades 9-12) is used for affecting the following season's additional roster count in the selected sports. The additional roster count is added to the school's base enrollment number to determine the final adjusted enrollment count before divisional placements are made. More information on Competitive Balance is posted at: http://www.ohsaa.org/School-Resources/Competitive-Balance-Resource-Center
http://www.sunburynews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/48/2018/02/web1_ohsaa.jpg
CLEVELAND-Cliffs will make the last shipment of iron ore from its Koolyanobbing operations near Southern Cross by the end of June with the potential loss of hundreds of jobs.
Cliffs formally notified contractors yesterday that it would wind down the 11 million tonne-a-year iron ore business by June 30, which provides work at the mine, along the railway and haulage route and at the Port of Esperance.
The US miner flagged in January the operations would close by the end of the year, blaming declines in profit caused by growing discounts from Chinese buyers for its lower-grade iron ore.
But the end has come sooner than expected, with Esperance Port operator Southern Ports informing employees yesterday that Cliffs had given it notification of the closure date.
Southern Ports chief executive Nicolas Fertin described it as a “big change”.
“As a result, the confirmation of this action will result in a big change not just to the port, but to the broader Goldfields-Esperance community,” they said in a memo to staff. “Our priority is to support our employees.
“As soon as we can, we will communicate directly with you to advise how this change will impact you, and the broader workforce.”
LEADERSHIP MATTERS: FMG's Elizabeth Gaines on WA and the future of the iron ore miner.
Iron ore from Koolyanobbing has been exported continuously through Esperance since 1994, and made up 75 per cent of its export tonnes in the last financial year.
About 130 Southern Ports staff are based in Esperance. Rail haulage contractor Aurizon, which employs about 90 people on the haulage route along with rolling stock and assets in Kalgoorlie and Esperance, said it would keep staff informed over the coming weeks.
“We will be working through operational issues as part of the ramp-down to June, including redeployment opportunities for our employees and for rolling stock,” a spokesperson for Aurizon said.
“A formal consultation process with employees on the required changes will comence in coming weeks.”
WestBusiness understands redundancies are expected at Arc Infrastructure, which owns and maintains the Leonora-Esperance railway line, on which Cliffs was a major customer.
Mining contractor BGC declined to comment yesterday.
Koolyanobbing's impending closure means the Yilgarn district west of Kalgoorlie-Boulder will be without any iron ore production for the first time since the early 1990s.
The McGowan Government in December knocked back Mineral Resources' bid to extend its nearby Carina Operations on the Helena Aurora Range on environmental grounds.
May 2 Man Sang International Ltd
* Cheng Ka Man, Carman has tendered their resignation as an executive director
* Cheng Ka Ki has been appointed as an executive director Source text (bit.ly/2p3AM5g) Further company coverage:
March 29 Astro Japan Property Group Ltd
* Japan asset manager, Spring Investment Co., Ltd (Spring), has disposed of shareholding in Sekisui House Si Asset Management
* AJA's 25% profit participation in spring's business for FY17 will be substantially increased by this one-off transaction Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Nearly two in three Australians want federal and state governments to do more to address housing affordability.
A new Essential poll shows 62 per cent of those surveyed think the federal government isn't doing enough, while 60 per cent believe Labor needs to do more.
"We will have a minister for housing when we are in government because it's a key area," Labor senator Doug Cameron told reporters in Canberra on Tuesday.
"It's the key area of intergenerational inequality in this country."
Senator Cameron said the government's bond aggregator policy - to source capital for low-interest, long-term housing development loans - is not enough.
"We will have more to say before the election on housing affordability," they said.
But crossbench senator David Leyonhjelm said housing affordability is not an issue for Australians living outside Sydney or Melbourne.
"I don't think the federal government should get involved in it at all, other than to maybe muscle the state governments," they said.
Housing affordability was essentially a problem of supply.
"It's a state government problem and it's within the control of the state governments to do something about it."
When broken down along party lines, the Essential poll reveals 49 per cent of coalition voters believe the federal government isn't doing enough on affordability, while 57 per cent of Labor voters want the opposition to do more.
The polling, commissioned by the's Home campaign, has been released to coincide with housing and community groups uniting as part of a new campaign to lobby governments to do more.
"Making sure everyone has a home is a top order priority for Australians, but it is not matched by action from our political leaders. That needs to change," campaign spokesperson Kate Colvin said on Tuesday.
April 13 Fortuna Entertainment Group NV
* Czech betting company Fortuna says will ask court to reject shareholder Templeton's requests to halt Romanian acquisitions
* A group of shareholders Fortuna FORE.PR has filed an application for an injunction to halt the proposed acquisition of Romanian businesses from Penta Investments, Fortuna's biggest stakeholder.
* The group representing 10.5 percent of Fortuna's equity is advised by Templeton Emerging Markets Group
* Fortuna says believes Templeton's allegations to be without merit
* Fortuna says is of the view that it has provided its shareholders with sufficient information (in excess of its statutory obligations) on the proposed acquisition to prepare for the extraordinary shareholders meeting of April 26.
* Assets are Bet Active Concept S.R.L., Bet Zone, S.R.L., Public Slots S.R.L. and Slot Arena S.R.L Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The melee in Virginia this weekend was unfortunately predictable. Racial tensions in this country have been on a high boil, and by several accounts the white supremacists who were about to hold a rally were ready for a fight, and so were the protesters who came to try to silence them.
The City of Charlottesville knew this was a powder keg, tried to move the rally a mile and a half away, but the ACLU stepped in on behalf of the white supremacists and won them the right to stage their get together in of all places a park called Emancipation Park.
The Virginia Governor blamed the ACLU Monday. They blamed the Governor and City leaders for not being prepared to move in with force and not keeping the two groups away from each other.
Ultimately, a lot of people made mistakes. And no, I don't believe Donald Trump's being elected President emboldened these people, that's like claiming Barack Obama inspired violent African American protests.
Clearly, the pre-planning by law enforcement leaders was lacking and they should have used decisive force at the first sign of violence, but at the root of this was the KKK, the Neo-Nazi's, White Nationalists who wanted to parade their hate in front of whomever they could provoke.
I'm Kelly Ogle and that's My 2 Cents.
VOL. 41 | NO. 6 | Friday, February 10, 2017
US consumer prices post the biggest rise in nearly 4 years Print | Front Page | Email this story To:
From:
Message:
From (email):
Message:
WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. consumer prices rose in January at the fastest pace in nearly four years, strengthening the case for the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates this year.
The Labor Department said Wednesday consumer prices rose 0.6 percent last month, most since February 2013 and twice what economists were expecting. A 7.8 percent jump in gasoline prices accounted for almost half the increase. Stripping out volatile food and energy prices, consumer inflation rose 0.3 percent.
Food prices rose in January for the first time in seven months. Grocery prices were unchanged, but the cost of eating out rose 0.4 percent. The price of clothing, new cars, auto insurance and air fares all rose by 0.8 percent or more in January.
Overall, consumer prices rose 2.5 percent from a year earlier, most since March 2012. Core inflation rose 2.3 percent over the last 12 months.
After remaining low in the aftermath of the 2007-2009 Great Recession, inflation is running above the Fed's 2 percent annual target.
The Fed left a key interest rate unchanged at its Jan. 31-Feb. 1 meeting. It raised rates in December for only the second time in a decade. Fed Chair Janet Yellen on Tuesday told a Senate committee that the central bank will likely resume raising rates in the next few months.
But with uncertainties surrounding President Donald Trump's proposals on taxes, spending and trade, Yellen said the Fed still wants to keep assessing the economy.
Cleveland Cavaliers head coach Tyronn Lue is to take a break from coaching after health concerns forced them from the court for the third time this season, the team confirmed on Monday.
Lue left Saturday's 114-109 victory over the Chicago Bulls at halftime after complaining that they felt unwell. It came just over a month after they left during a game against the Orlando Magic on February 6.
They also sat out a game against the Bulls in December.
Lue said in a statement on Monday they were stepping back from coaching duties after revealing they had been suffering from mystery chest pains.
“After many conversations with our doctors and (general manager) Koby (Altman) and much thought given to what is best for the team and my health, I need to step back from coaching for the time being and focus on trying to establish a stronger and healthier foundation from which to coach for the rest of the season,” Lue said.
“I have had chest pains and other troubling symptoms, compounded by a loss of sleep, throughout the year. Despite a battery of tests, there have been no conclusions as to what the exact issue is.” ESPN reported that Lue expected to be back in time for the start of the playoffs next month, where the Cavs will be chasing a fourth consecutive appearance in the NBA finals after finishing runners-up last year.
Lue, 40, said they hoped to return rejuvenated after their break. “My goal is to come out of it a stronger and healthier version of myself so I can continue to lead this team to the Championship we are all working towards,” they said.
Cavaliers superstar LeBron James told reporters Monday the team would need to “step up” in Lue's absence.
“It's tough,” James said. “It's like losing one of your best players. He's pretty much the captain of our ship. He's run the thing for the last three years.
“Everyone has to step up, we have coaches in place that are ready for that challenge and we have to do our job as players as well.
“But (Lue's) health is the most important thing and we look forward to getting them back.”
AbbVie, a global biopharmaceutical company with two plants in Sligo, has been awarded the Shingo Prize in recognition of the company's enterprise excellence.
The milestone was achieved by AbbVie's Ballytivnan site and the prestigious award was presented to representatives of the Sligo site at a ceremony during a conference in Orlando, Florida, USA recently.
AbbVie is one of only four companies in the world to be awarded the global accolade in 2018.
The Shingo Prize is an annual award given to organisations worldwide by the Shingo Institute, which is part of the Jon M. Huntsman School of Business at Utah State in Logan Utah. The Prize is named after a pioneering Japanese industrial engineer who advised Toyota and recognises organisations that demonstrate an exceptional culture that fosters continuous improvement.
AbbVie delivers world-class discovery, production and supply of critical medicines. The company has a significant footprint in Ireland that is focused on novel and breakthrough therapies for tough-to-treat diseases and unmet medical needs, with a reputation for quality.
AbbVie in Ballytivnan currently produces drug delivery devices, including an auto injector pen. It is used by patients around the world who have been prescribed the company's treatment for a range of immune-related illnesses, including rheumatoid arthritis and Crohn's disease. The site also supports the manufacture of a combination product that is used to administer a treatment for patients with advanced Parkinson's disease.
The company recently announced a €113 million investment in new sterile manufacturing technology at the Ballytivnan site that will help deliver potential new treatments for cancers. The expansion will create approximately 100 new jobs in the coming years, in a variety of technical and manufacturing positions.
“Receipt of the Shingo Prize is a worldwide recognised symbol of an organisation's successful establishment of a culture anchored on principles of enterprise excellence—principles such as respect for every individual, leading with humility, quality at the source, the quest for perfection, creating value for the customer.” saidKen Snyder, executive director at the Shingo Institute. “Ultimately, these recipients are in a class of the best organisations in the world, regardless of industry or country.”
“AbbVie Ballytivnan is delighted to have been awarded the Shingo Prize,” said Joseph Kumor, Site Director at AbbVie Ballytivnan. “Our people are our greatest asset and we are very proud of our culture. This award is the result of the dedication and hard work of all our employees and the pride they take in ensuring that the products we manufacture here make a remarkable impact on the lives of our patients around the world.”
Niall Kerlin, Operations Manager at AbbVie Ballytivnan, said, “AbbVie's Sligo employees were incredibly proud of the recognition from the Shingo Institute. Using the Shingo Model, we have built a culture of operational excellence by ensuring that our people, systems, and tools are all aligned to our company vision and strategies. The focus on our culture and behaviours has resulted in an engaged and dedicated workforce that is continually improving how we run our business,” they explained.
AbbVie achieved remarkable results by implementing principles of the Shingo Model and making continuous improvement the core of their culture.
(Image tweeted by @JandKTourism)
Srinagar: Srinagar city received season's first snowfall on Tuesday as higher reaches both in the Jammu region and the Kashmir Valley received moderate snowfall.
"Sonamarg, Gulmarg, Pahalgam also received moderate snowfall," the Met said. Plains in the Jammu region have been receiving rainfall since Monday morning.
"The present weather conditions are likely to continue during Wednesday and Thursday after which the western disturbance active over Jammu and Kashmir will start weakening," an official of the Met Department said.
Jammu & Kashmir: Srinagar receives season's first snowfall pic.twitter.com/cBH9VgWLdD — ANI (@ANI) December 12, 2017 Residents here were pleasantly surprised to see a thin blanket of snow covering the landscape in the morning. Residents here were pleasantly surprised to see a thin blanket of snow covering the landscape in the morning.
"This is Kashmir. Without snow the landscape looks orphaned. If the government is able to provide basic amenities to the people, winter is undoubtedly the best season in Kashmir," said Nisar Hussain, a retired chief engineer who lives in Gogjibagh.
Snowfall in Gulmarg has brightened the prospects of winter sports at its ski resort.
The weather office said the minimum temperature was minus 0.2 in Srinagar and 0.1 in Pahalgam. While Gulmarg at minus 6.5 was the coldest place in the state on Tuesday, the Met said.
The minimum temperature was minus 1.4 in Leh and minus three degrees in Kargil towns of the Ladakh region.
Jammu city recorded 12.5, Katra town 9.2, Batote 0.2, Bannihal minus 0.1, Bhaderwah 0.2 and Udhampur 10.2 as the minimum temperatures.
Traffic department officials said fresh snowfall in Bannihal sector and heavy rains in other parts of the Jammu-Srinagar Highway have led to the closure of the nearly 300-km long highway.
"As a precautionary measure, no traffic will be allowed from either side on the Jammu-Srinagar National Highway today. Travellers are advised to contact our control rooms in Jammu and Srinagar before undertaking the journey," an official of the traffic department said here.
Snowfall has also closed the Mughal Road that connects the Kashmir Valley with Poonch and Rajouri districts of Jammu region.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is “extremely concerned” about reports that Syrian forces recently used chlorine gas as a weapon in attacks in the eastern Ghouta area of Syria, State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert said on Thursday.
Reporting by David Alexander; Editing by Mohammad Zargham
FILE PHOTO: Pump jacks are seen at the Lukoil owned Imilorskoye oil field outside the Siberian city of Kogalym, Russia, January 25, 2016. REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin/File Photo
MOSCOW Russia's oil production on May 1 was 300,790 barrels per day (bpd) below the level in October, meaning it has cut output by more than was demanded under a pact between OPEC and other producers, Russia's Energy Ministry said on Wednesday.
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, along with Russia and other non-OPEC producers, pledged to cut output by 1.8 million bpd in the first half of 2017.
Under the deal, Russia pledged to reduce its average daily production gradually by 300,000 barrels to 10.947 million bpd from the October level of 11.247 million bpd.
With global crude inventories still bulging, investors are now focussed on whether OPEC and others will agree to extend the cuts to the second half of the year. The issue will be discussed by the group of producers at an OPEC meeting on May 25.
Russian Energy Minister Alexander Novak has said they would meet managers of key Russian oil producer before the OPEC event to discuss extending the cuts. Industry sources say such a meeting has yet to take place.
Novak declined say on Friday on whether Russia would support an extension to the pact. Russia's Deputy Prime Minister Arkady Dvorkovich also declined to comment when asked on Wednesday.
(Reporting by Olesya Astakhova in Moscow and Denis Pinchuk in Sochi; Writing by Dmitry Solovyov; Editing by Maria Kiselyova and Edmund Blair)
[India], December 11 (ANI): Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday took a jibe at Congress leaders and said "they are born with a golden spoon and will never understand what poverty is..".
Addressing a rally in Gujarat's Patan, Prime Minister Modi said, "When we went to the farmers, did Krishi Mahotsav, we did not go out helping the rich. We went among the poor."
"Sadly, Congress leaders are born with a golden spoon they will never understand what poverty is," they said.
Prime Minister Modi also stated that they had met the state farmers and advised them to educate their children.
"During peak summer, I would go to the villages of Gujarat and ask parents to educate their children. Whose children were they? Were they Ambani's children? No. They were children of the poor. We are working for poor," they said. Further lashing out at the Congress party, Prime Minister Modi said formers basic knowledge about agriculture is very poor. "Our farmers work hard and grow potato. If at all the Congress comes to power, there will be no need to do that because their leader says we will produce potatoes in factories. Congress' basic knowledge about agriculture is so poor," they added. The crucial elections are being seen as prestige battle for Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), which has been ruling the state for last 22 years, and litmus test for the Congress. The first phase of polling was held on December 9 and recorded a voter turnout of 68 per cent. The second-phase voting will be held on December 14. The votes will be counted on December 18. (ANI)
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
A 7-year-old girl was reunited with their mother Sunday afternoon At Miami International Airport after being separated from their nearly two months ago.
Scroll for more content...
Buena Ventura Godinez-Martin and their 10-month old son were detained for crossing into the United States illegally. Godinez-Martin said they were trying to escape gang-violence in their country of Guatemala.
"Everything has been very difficult for me, very hard, because we came over here looking for a life that we didn't get," they said.
Just days after they were released, their husband and daughter tried crossing over into the United States. They too were detained but separated under the Trump Administration's "zero-tolerance" policy.
"Later on I was pleased that I was reunited with my son, but still very sad because my husband continues to be in the detention center," they continued. "They already told them they are going to deport them to Guatemala. If they get deported, at least he's avoiding the difficulties of being in America because we are suffering trying to look for a life here."
The controversial policy is the common thread that brought thousands out to protest on Saturday.
President Trump signed an order to end the practice of separating families but about two thousand children have yet to be reunited with their parents.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - MICRO SYSTEMATION AB (PUBL):
* REG-MSAB: THIS YEAR‘S SALES AND EARNINGS REACH NEW RECORD HIGH
* Q4 ‍NET SALES INCREASED 17.9 PERCENT TO SEK 84.8 (71.9) MILLION (22.0 PERCENT IN LOCAL CURRENCIES).​
* Q4 ‍EBIT AMOUNTED TO SEK 16.9 (21.3) MILLION.​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
WASHINGTON, DC — The United States government is “financing the spoils of genocide” committed by the Islamic State (ISIS/ISIL) against Christians and other ethnoreligious minorities in the Middle East through a United Nations program that has only benefitted Sunni Muslims, argued a lawyer who represents the Chaldean Catholic Archdiocese of Iraqi Kurdistan's capital Erbil.
Their comments came Tuesday while they were testifying at House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Human Rights hearing on ISIS' genocidal campaign in the Middle East.
advertisement
Stephen Rasche, a U.S. citizen who serves as legal counsel and director of IDP [internally displaced person] Resettlement Programs for the Chaldean Catholic Archdiocese of Erbil, told lawmakers that U.S. President Donald Trump's administration has failed to take action to ensure Christians and other minority groups are receiving American-funded aid through the U.N.
They claimed the Trump administration is worried about the public misconstruing the move as discriminatory—favoring one community over another.
In written testimony prepared for the House panel, the lawyer proclaimed:
Even in the new administration, career individuals at these agencies have continued to state that they are only concerned with individuals, not communities. They have asserted that directing assistance to particular religious or ethnic communities would be ‘discrimination' and a ‘violation of humanitarian principles,' even if these communities had been targeted for genocide and assistance was being directed to them to prevent their destruction.
Soon after taking office, the President vowed to lend assistance to the beleaguered religious minority communities in the Middle East, particularly Christians.
Nevertheless, the lawyer for the Iraqi Christian group testified:
I asked that the U.S. government hear our pleas for help, and warned [over a year ago] that without this help, the Christians of the Nineveh Plain could very well disappear,” declared Rasche. “I wish that I could tell you that in the 12 months that followed that our pleas were heard and that our plight has found relief. But as I speak before you now, I regret to say that we have still yet to receive any form of meaningful aid from the U.S. government.”
So far, the Trump administration has failed to “move the bureaucracy to take meaningful action” and ensure that Christians, Yazidis, and other displaced minorities gain access to U.S. humanitarian assistance without having to go to U.N. camps where they fear persecution by the Muslim majority, said Rasche.
Echoing other analysts, the lawyer stressed that they have repeatedly warned lawmakers that the United Nations is not delivering U.S.-funded aid to Christians.
Citing a former Christian Iraqi town that they believe is being used as a “settlement site for the families of slain Sunni ISIS fighters,” Rasche testified:
As such, 100 percent of the work being done in this town benefits the Sunni Arab residents of the town, and there is no consideration anywhere in U.N. aid planning for the displaced Christians, who now depend wholly upon the Church and private sources for their survival. This is well over 10,000 families. That such a representation could be made in the UNDP report, without even the barest attempt at an explanatory note, shows clearly the profound depth of disconnect between representation and reality. In effect, U.S. taxpayers are financing the spoils of genocide.
Since ISIS declared its so-called caliphate in 2014, the United States has funneled more than $1.4 billion in U.S. humanitarian assistance and over $265 million in reconstruction aid to Iraq through the U.N. Development Program (UNDP).
The Christian Post acknowledges that human rights advocates have expressed concern that the policy that mandates U.S. humanitarian and reconstruction aid for Iraq to be channeled through the U.N. “has essentially cut off Christians, Yazidis and other religious minority communities victimized by the Islamic State's genocide from much-needed aid.”
Rasche noted that not much has changed under the Trump administration, adding that the U.N. is still forsaking religious minorities when it comes to delivering U.S. aid to them.
Without U.S. taxpayer-funded aid to complement assistance provided by the Church and other private entities, the Christian communities will not be able to rebuild the destroyed infrastructure in their historical Iraqi homeland, they said.
Over a year ago, the United States and U.N. officially determined that ethnoreligious minorities in the Middle East, including Christians, Yezidis, and Turkmen, among others, were victims of genocide at the hands of ISIS.
However, minorities were still looking for the U.S. government to take meaningful action to help them a year after the genocide declaration.
This week, former Rep. Frank Wolf (R-VA), the co-founder of the pro-religious freedom 21st Century Wilberforce Initiative, warned U.S. lawmakers, “We will see the end of Christianity in Iraq in a few short years and a loss of religious and ethnic diversity throughout the region” without “bold action.”
The former member of congress made those comments while testifying before the Senate Foreign Affairs subcommittee on human Rights.
They also testified alongside Rasche during Tuesday's House panel hearing.
Like the lawyer, Wolf emphasized that U.S. assistance to minorities in Iraq has failed to reach Christians, Yazidis, and other groups.
An Oklahoma federal judge ruled that a former middle school teacher convicted of raping a student must pay the victim $1 million for intentionally inflicting emotional distress.
Judge Robin Cauthron's ruling came two years after the victim and their father filed a civil lawsuit against Jennifer Caswell, 31, and the Oklahoma school district where they used to be employed, the Daily Mail reported.
advertisement
The lawsuit came around the same time in 2015 when Caswell was sentenced to 15 years in prison, with five of those years suspended, for having sex with a 15-year-old Hollis Middle School student multiple times.
Judge Cauthron wrote in their opinion that the boy “reported feelings of depression, isolation, and self-blame” as well as feelings of humiliation once the news of their sexual relationship with Caswell spread.
“In this case, a teacher abused their position of trust and authority to sexually violate a young man, who will face the emotional effects of the encounter for the rest of their life,” Cauthron wrote.
Bob Wyatt, the attorney for the victim and their father, told the Oklahoman that their clients were satisfied with the results of the lawsuit and hoped it would send a message to teachers and school districts that educator-facilitated sexual abuse will not be condoned.
Caswell's defense attorney argued that their client will not be able to afford to pay the $1 million judgment to the victim, given that they still have to spend the next few years in prison, but Caswell is unlikely to appeal the judge's decision.
Hollis Public Schools settled a separate lawsuit with the victim and their family in July that accused the school district of covering up the crime. The district agreed to pay $125,000 to the family.
The famous euro sign landmark is photographed outside the former headquarters of the European Central Bank (ECB) in Frankfurt, late evening January 20, 2015. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach
The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Association for Financial Markets in Europe, Simon Lewis, speaks during the Reuters Future Face of Finance Summit, in London February 28, 2011. REUTERS/Benjamin Beavan
LONDON Europe's banking lobby warned on Wednesday of the dangers to wholesale banking and financial stability if negotiations over Britain's exit from the European Union end in deadlock.
"Financial stability and market efficiency must be safeguarded during the Brexit implementation process and thereafter," the Association for Financial Markets in Europe (AFME) Chief Executive Simon Lewis said in a statement.
In a report released on Wednesday, AFME highlighted conflicting issues faced by the key actors in Brexit talks which it said could cause disruptions, including Britain wanting to secure the best possible access to the bloc, while not wishing to remain part of the single market.
AFME is also concerned about the European Commission having responsibility for EU financial markets policy, while also being the EU's chief Brexit negotiator, as well as Europe's capitals competing to attract financial firms from London, while also wanting to limit any additional systemic risk.
"With such a disparate set of actors and incentives, it will be a major challenge to implement Brexit in an orderly way in relation to wholesale banking," AFME said.
There are also potential problems ahead for banks in London that want to continue operating from the British capital after Brexit under an EU system known as "equivalence", whereby the EU grants market access to non-EU firms that comply with rules that are as robust as those in the bloc.
AFME said the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA), would play a crucial role in advising the EU on whether a non-EU firm could be deemed to be equivalent.
ESMA's resources, however, will become more stretched once the UK's budget contribution ends, meaning that obtaining equivalence for about 2,000 firms may not be fast enough to avoid market disruption, AFME added.
(Reporting by Huw Jones; editing by Alexander Smith)
Turkish gov't issues detention warrants for 104 people over alleged Gülen links
The İzmir Chief Prosecutor's Office has issued detention warrants for 51 people due to their alleged links to the Gülen movement on Friday.
Police detained 23 of 51 who were allegedly linked with Gülen movement members in Turkish military and police, during operations in 19 provinces. In similar developments, detention warrants were issued on Thursday for a total of 165 people including staff members of two ministries and military across Turkey.
In a Kocaeli-based probe targeting the alleged members of the Gülen movement in 13 provinces, Kocaeli Chief Prosecutor's Office has issued detention warrants for 53 military officers including 23 who are still on their active duties on Friday. 21 suspects were detained by police in the same day in Kocaeli, İstanbul, Ankara, İzmir, Gaziantep, Elazığ, Yozgat, Samsun, Hakkari, Malatya, Kayseri, Muğla and Giresun provinces.
Meanwhile, a couple and their two children were detained by border military forces in a village near the Turkish-Greek border allegedly as preparing to flee form Turkey to Greece. It was reported that both man and the women are teachers who were dismissed from duties by a government decree under the rule of emergency declared in the aftermath of a controversial coup attempt on July 15, 2016, in Malatya province over their alleged links to the Gülen movement.
The Turkish Interior Ministry announced on Monday that 998 people have been detained in one week due to alleged links to the Gülen movement.
Turkey survived a controversial military coup attempt on July 15, 2016 that killed 249 people. Immediately after the putsch the ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) government along with Turkish autocratic President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan pinned the blame on the Gülen movement.
Fethullah Gülen, who inspired the movement, strongly denied having any role in the failed coup and called for an international investigation into it, but President Erdoğan — calling the coup attempt “a gift from God” — and the government initiated a widespread purge aimed at cleansing sympathizers of the movement from within state institutions, dehumanizing its popular figures and putting them in custody.
Turkey's Justice Ministry announced on July 13 that 50,510 people have been arrested and 169,013 have been the subject of legal proceedings on coup charges since the failed coup. Turkish government has also suspended or dismissed more than 150,000 judges, teachers, police and civil servants after the coup attempt. (SCF with turkishminute.com)
Related
#722LIFE. MORGENTHUGS.
That statement has been splashed across the side of a World War II bunker in Unalaska, leaving some residents outraged on social media.
On a rare sunny day in March, Dmitri Dane hiked up the back side of Mount Ballyhoo, where military structures from World War II still look out over the Bering Sea.
“It's amazing,” said Dane. “You can see the mountain range, you can see Hog Island, and the bunkers are on the very edge of the cliff.”
As a landscape photographer, Dane said it's one of the best views in Unalaska. But as they walked out to the bunker on the farthest bluff, they came across something not so beautiful.
“I was very surprised to see the bunker at the very end had a lot of graffiti on there,” they said.
Tagging isn't unusual on the island, even for historic structures like bunkers and barracks. But these big black letters were spray-painted on the outside of the bunker — not hidden inside like most graffiti.
Dane snapped a photo of the tag, posted it on Facebook, and watched as the comments poured in.
“I got a lot of angry people,” they said. “Not at me, but a lot of them were angry toward the supposed people who wrote it on there.”
No one's really sure who tagged the bunker, but the graffiti provides some clues.
“It felt like a punch in the gut when you see it has a U.S. Coast Guard tag on it,” said Carlin Enlow, director of the Unalaska Convention and Visitors Bureau.
They saw the photo online and drew the same conclusion as a lot of commenters — that the bunker was defaced by crew members of the Coast Guard Cutter Morgenthau, designated number 722.
For years, the cutter has stopped in Unalaska on patrol in the Bering Sea, protecting marine resources and helping with search and rescue.
For Enlow, that mission makes the tag even harder to stomach.
“It's a group of people who are supposed to serve and protect us,” they said. “All these questions come to mind. Obviously, why? Why would you do that?”
The Morgenthau's commanding officer looked into the matter after KUCB requested comment.
The extent of the Coast Guard's investigation is unclear, but officials say there's “no information available” to confirm if crew members are responsible.
In the past, the landowning company has given Coast Guard crews permission to paint the names and numbers of their vessels on blast shields decorating the side of Mount Ballyhoo, where the military stashed munitions during the war.
Ounalashka Corporation CEO Chris Salts said the native corporation has always had a good relationship with the Coast Guard, and he's not up in arms over this new piece of graffiti. But they said the corporation will pay to have the bunker cleaned this summer to preserve the area's historical integrity.
Meanwhile, the Coast Guard announced Monday that the Morgenthau is being decommissioned after nearly 50 years of service.
The State Department is taking control of the cutter and may grant it to a friendly foreign government under the Foreign Assistance Act.
Officials say other vessels will take over the Morgenthau's mission in the Bering Sea.
A transgender Brazilian volleyball player playing for the country's women's Olympics team, has sparked controversy.
Brazilian player Tifanny Abreu, has been dominating on the court this year in game after game. However, critics say the competition is unfair because Abreu is a natural-born male competing as a transgender woman, The New York Times reported.
Abreu plans to make Brazil's team for the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo, and if they do, they would become the first transgender volleyball player in the history of the games.
“Just like any other player, I'd like to go to the Olympics,” Abreu, who underwent sex reassignment surgery in 2012, recently told the media. “But I know it's not going to happen just because I'm getting all this attention. I've got to do my best as a player.”
While many are pointing to the situation as an example of “progress” for the transgendered, not everyone is supportive of Abreu's inclusion on the women's team.
Past Brazilian Olympic volleyball star Tandara Caixeta, for instance, is not supportive of Abreu at all.
“I really respect them and their history,” Caixeta said early in February. “But I don't agree with them participating in the feminine Superliga. It's a very delicate issue, and it's not homophobia. It's physiological.”
Abreu, who stands 6-foot 3-inches, was required by Olympics rules to lower their levels of testosterone to qualify to be considered a female contestant.
But some scientists say that merely lowering testosterone does not eliminate the natural advantage that an athlete born male has over natural-born female competitors.
As the Times noted, Joanna Harper, an expert on transgender physiology, noted that these advantages cannot be eliminated with hormones and surgery:
Ms. Harper, who published a study on transgender athletes, says transgender women who go through puberty as males do have advantages that cannot be eliminated completely through hormone therapy. “It reduces muscle mass, but not to typical female averages,” they said. “On average, transgender women are taller, bigger and stronger. For many sports, including volleyball, these are advantages.” But, they added, they also have disadvantages. The main one is they maintain their typically larger frames, but with reduced muscle mass and aerobic capacity.
Still, those who support the right of transgender athletes say questions over their suitability to compete is just another example of “homophobia.”
Needless to say, the debate is still raging over whether it is fair for athletes born as biological males to compete as women.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston.
[India], Dec 12 (ANI): An Ernakulam Sessions Court in Kerala on Tuesday found accused Amirul Islam guilty of raping and murdering law student Jisha.
The 29-year-old law student Jisha was brutally raped and murdered on April 28 last year, in which their body sustained at least 30 injuries, including in their private parts.
Counsel for Islam told media said, "The court has found the accused guilty to an extent that they had entered with a commission of an offense and thereafter has committed the murder. The court found them guilty for that."
The quantum of sentence will be decided tomorrow, informed the counsel. "I will try to get minimum punishment for the accused before the high court," they said. Earlier on September 17, 2016, the charges against Islam were filed under Indian Penal Code sections 376 (punishment for rape), 376A (punishment for causing death or resulting in persistent vegetative state of victim), 442 (house trespass), 449 (house-trespass in order to commit offence punishable with death), 201 (causing disappearance of evidence of offense, or giving false information to screen offender), 302 (punishment for murder) and charges on Dalit Atrocities Prevention Act. The chargesheet of the case revealed that Islam, a resident of Assam, murdered Jisha following an attempt to rape them at the latter's residence in Iringol near Perumbavoor. (ANI)
Friends of the late Bill McKown went before the Great Bend City Council Monday night to request that a statue of McKown be placed in Jack Kilby Square.
McKown was a resident of Great Bend from 1965 until the day they passed away in 2014.
Bob Feldt says McKown suffered spine and neck injuries in a traffic accident at the age of 19, but continued to find ways to give back to the Great Bend community despite being rendered to a wheelchair.
Bob Feldt Audio
https://www.greatbendpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/mckown-1.mp3
McKown was a Scoutmaster for Boys Scouts, served as a Kansas delegate to the President's Commission for the Handicapped, and served on many boards and committees.
Feldt says the group of friends will raise the projected $200,000 for the statue to be sculpted by Chet Kale, but wanted permission to place the life-sized statue of McKown in their wheelchair in the southwest corner of Jack Kilby Square in downtown Great Bend.
Council member Allene Owen was all for the idea to honor McKown but recognized there were questions on its desired location.
Allene Owen Audio
https://www.greatbendpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/mckown-2.mp3
The Bill McKown Memorial Committee has launched the fundraising campaign to build the monument and mentioned the Great Bend Brit Spaugh Zoo and Veterans Memorial Park as other possible locations.
The city council approved the committee's desire to submit an application to place the statue, but getting approval on its location will be determined at a later meeting.
OAK PARK, Mich. – A line of truckers along with the Michigan State Police helped a man who was considering suicide on a highway overpass.
Police received a call about a man on a bridge over I-696 early Tuesday morning around 1 a.m., according to WJBK,
This photo does show the work troopers and local officers do to serve the public. But also in that photo is a man struggling with the decision to take their own life. Please remember help is available through the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255. pic.twitter.com/RBAlCIXT1o — MSP Metro Detroit (@mspmetrodet) April 24, 2018
Michigan State Police troopers blocked all lanes of traffic, then waved through several semi-truck drivers and asked them to park under the overpass on both the westbound and eastbound sides of the interstate.
In total, 13 semi trucks parked under the overpass to shorten the distance the man would fall if they jumped, WJBK reports.
Negotiators spoke with the man for several hours, and thankfully they did not jump off the bridge. They walked off the overpass, and Huntington Woods officers took them to Beaumont Hospital in Royal Oak.
You can also call a loved one, member of the clergy or 911. There are so many people that can help you make the choice to get help and live! It is our hope to never see another photo like this again. pic.twitter.com/cDfm1CK1BZ — MSP Metro Detroit (@mspmetrodet) April 24, 2018
Important note: If you or a loved one is feeling distressed, please remember help is available through the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255. It provides free and confidential emotional support 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. You can also call a loved one, member of the clergy or 911.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The New England Patriots are looking for a sixth title on Sunday when they face the Philadelphia Eagles in Super Bowl LII. That would tie the Pittsburgh Steelers for most Super Bowl wins.
Haven't bought your ticket yet? The cheapest ones left cost nearly $3,000, according to StubHub.
Tickets on the site were up 31% compared to the cost of last year's Super Bowl two days out.
The average cost of attendance for Sunday's game is also up over last year from $3,967 to $5,309 on StubHub.
This year's tickets are the second most expensive ever. Only tickets to Super Bowl XLIX in 2015 cost more. That year the average was an astronomical $9,500. But prices were out of whack because rampant ticket speculation by resellers inflated prices.
The increased prices aren't unique to StubHub. It's expensive on other sites that list resale prices.
On TicketIQ, the cheapest ticket costs $3,210. TicketCity had seats available in the uppermost level for $2,814.
These prices will likely fall as the game gets closer.
Statement by Honourable Philip Brave Davis
Leader of the Opposition
On the Grand Bahama (Port Area) Extension of Tax Exemptions Bill, 2017
11th December 2017
The PLP will oppose the wholesale repeal of the Grand Bahama (Port Area) Investment Incentives Act passed by the Parliament in 2016 which the FNM promises to do as early as this month. The FNM's wholesale repeal of the Act will take us back to the pre-1967 era in Freeport when the Grand Bahama Port Authority was lord of all they surveyed. Our view is that era is gone. The Bahamas has moved beyond it. The Bahamas has given up too much tax revenue under the various exemptions without any check on whether or not the exemptions granted match the promises of the Grand Bahama Port Authority. We cannot support what the FNM intends to do. The Bahamian people must get either the tax revenue forgone or get value for the exemptions given.
In the speech from the throne, The Free National Movement foreshadowed its intent to repeal the Grand Bahama (Port Area) Investment Incentives Bill, 2016. A few weeks ago, the Grand Bahama Port Tax Extension Exemption Bill, 2017 was laid in parliament; and with it the resolve of the government to debate and pass it before the end of 2017, was made clear.
The expiration of the tax exemptions, granted under the Hawksbill Creek Agreement, provided the opportunity for a momentous paradigm shift that would have increased the ease of doing business in Freeport, and would have resulted in a sustained economic recovery that would have benefited the people of Grand Bahama. The Progressive Liberal Party recognized this, and sought to capitalize on the expiring tax concessions, by introducing a suitable framework for property taxes and business licenses that would have ensured economic growth, and would have contributed, along with other appropriate measures, to the enhancement of the government's revenue base.
At the conclusion of extensive negotiations, a comprehensive Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) was signed on 26th of April 2016, between the Government, the Grand Bahama Port Authority, and the Hutchison Group of Companies; which granted a further extension of tax concessions for an additional twenty (20) years, in exchange for more than five hundred million dollars ($500,000,000.00) of economic development, as well as policy changes to modernize the free trade zone, the removal of the port exclusivity agreement to make way for the Carnival Cruise Port, and the return of large parcels of undeveloped land, back into the hands of the Bahamian people, after more than 60 years.
Besides the requirement to apply and pay a one hundred dollar ($100.00) processing fee, the Grand Bahama Investment Incentive Act, 2016, did not disadvantage any Bahamian investor or port licensee. Rather, its main focus was to bring about a paradigm shift in the management of the free trade zone, to encourage licensees and developers to fully benefit from the government's performance-based concessions, and to simultaneously weed out rogue investors, who have, and will continue to use the benefits in the free trade zone to their own advantage.
The Free National Movement and The Progressive Liberal Party now have fundamentally different policy positions on the issue. The present government supports a policy position that excludes Bahamians, allows principal licensee stakeholders to benefit from exemptions and concessions without any developmental contributions to the economy of Grand Bahama; while The Progressive Liberal Party had created a new economic development framework designed to stimulate and sustain growth in Grand Bahama.
By repealing the Grand Bahama Investment Incentive Act, 2016 the Free National Movement will disregard more than two years of hard work by international consultants, as well as the bipartisan Hawksbill Creek Review Committee led by Dr. Marcus Bethel and which included former FNM Minister Maurice Moore; and ultimately reverse all of the progress that our administration made to spur development in Freeport, as well as East and West Grand Bahama. History will reflect, that once again, the FNM is about to squander another golden opportunity to create an environment that will spur economic activity in Grand Bahama, and to advance policies and initiatives that will benefit the people of Grand Bahama.
END.
The $2 million bond for accused Waffle House shooter Travis Reinking was revoked by a Tennessee judge Tuesday, court records show.
A bond hearing was set for Wednesday, according to the order signed by state Judge Michael Mondelli in Davidson County, who did not provide an explanation for their decision.
Reinking, 29, was arrested Monday in connection with Sunday's attack with an assault-style rifle at the Nashville-area restaurant.
They were booked on $2 million bond — $500,000 for each of four criminal homicide charges — according to court records.
Steve Hayslip, a spokesperson for Glenn Funk, district attorney general for metro Nashville and Davidson County, said callers flooded their office and the judge's office.
“I think it's a great move by the judge to revoke bond,” they said. “I can only guess or assume that they felt the pulse of the community just as we did.”
“The last thing people wanted was for them to be released,” Hayslip said.
Authorities on Tuesday still were trying to establish what the suspect did in the 35 hours between the fatal attack and their arrest.
Wearing only a jacket, Reinking allegedly shot and killed two people outside the restaurant in Antioch, Tennessee, then killed two more people inside before a customer wrestled away their gun, police said. Reinking fled the scene naked.
READ MORE: Hero customer rushes Waffle House killer
Police swarmed homes and woods near the shooting site, searching for the suspect, who was added to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation's “Top 10 Most Wanted” list. Someone spotted them emerging from the woods Monday afternoon and phoned 911, Metro Nashville Police said.
It's not clear what Reinking did while they were at large. The motive for the attack isn't known.
READ MORE: The victims of the Waffle House shooting
‘Shocked' and ‘disorientated'
Reinking was fully dressed and did not resist when a detective drew a gun on him, Lt. Carlos Lara said, adding that they were carrying a backpack with a firearm, ammunition and a flashlight.
Reinking declined to give a statement and requested a lawyer, Lara said.
It was construction worker Lydia French who dialed 911 after seeing a man fitting Reinking's description, the Tennessean reported.
The man, who'd emerged from the woods near where French was working with their crew, looked “shocked” and “disorientated,” they told the newspaper.
French said the man saw them on the phone and went behind Cane Ridge Elementary School.
“When they have seen me on the phone, they kept looking real nervous,” the Tennessean quoted them as telling reporters soon after Reinking's arrest.
“I've got kids,” French said. “I worked out here every day last week with them living right here. All day long, I kept thinking that could've been us,” they said.
Nashville public schools had initiated “lockout” procedures while Reinking was on the loose, meaning no guests or visitors could enter public buildings.
Car theft allegation
Police said Reinking visited a car dealership in the Nashville suburb of Brentwood last week and somehow obtained a key fob for a 2018 BMW X6 without providing identification. They stole the car and led police on a brief chase, Brentwood police said.
Using the car's GPS, officers tracked the car to Reinking's apartment complex and recovered it. But they didn't know the thief's identity, and no one was arrested.
Guns taken after arrest near White House
Last summer, the Secret Service arrested Reinking for trespassing near the White House.
They were charged with unlawful entry, but the charges were dismissed after they completed community service. At the FBI's request, Reinking's Illinois firearms authorization was revoked, and four weapons — including the AR-15-style rifle used in Sunday's shooting — were seized.
After the firearms seizure, Reinking was legally barred from possessing guns, Matthew Espenshade, an FBI agent in Nashville, said Monday. Authorities in Tazewell County, Illinois, gave the weapons to Reinking's father, who police believe later returned them to their son.
The father, Jeffrey Reinking, could face charges for transferring weapons to a person knowingly prohibited from possessing them, said Marcus Watson, the ATF's acting special agent in charge in Tennessee.
Reinking's grandmother, Marilyn Hopper, said their grandson “was a sick boy” and they were devastated by news of the attack.
“My heart goes out to those people who have loved ones they've lost,” they told CNN affiliate WSMV-TV by phone. “I've lost two children myself, and I know what that feels like. My heart really does go out to them. But you know, we have a side, too.”
“I'm just so sorry for those people and their loss, and my heart goes out to them,” they said.
Cranes can be seen near a worker as they hang from the side of a building under construction in Sydney, Australia, June 30, 2016. Picture taken June 30, 2016. REUTERS/David Gray
Two workers descend from the Sydney Harbour Bridge, as a rainbow is seen in the sky, on a sunny winter afternoon in Sydney July 31, 2013. REUTERS/Daniel Munoz
SYDNEY Australia's economy is forecast to slowly gather speed this year and next, according to a Reuters poll of analysts, an outcome that would see the resource-rich nation pip the Dutch for the longest expansion in modern history.
Analysts estimated Australia's A$1.7 trillion (£997.28 billion) of annual gross domestic product (GDP) would grow 2.6 percent this year and 2.8 percent next year, unchanged from forecasts in the previous poll in January.
That would be up from 2.4 percent in 2016 and extend the country's current run of 101 quarters without a recession, already just a whisker from the Netherlands' record of 103.
The race had looked in doubt when the economy unexpectedly contracted in the September quarter of last year, but activity bounced back strongly as export earnings surged and consumers and government spent more.
Lofty prices for major commodity exports delivered a big boost to national income and nominal growth. While iron ore prices have swung lower recently on concerns about Chinese demand, shipments of liquefied natural gas are expanding massively as new projects come on stream.
Growth will take a temporary knock from Cyclone Debbie, which barrelled into northern Queensland late in March and caused widespread flooding in the coal-heavy region, disrupting rail haulage for several weeks.
Analysts estimate the damage might take 0.3 percentage points off GDP growth this year and add a little to inflation, though rebuilding would offset some of that over time.
Also helping will be a levelling off in mining investment after several years of steep falls. Business investment alone took around 1 percentage point from GDP in 2016, so if it merely stabilises that would remove a major hurdle to growth.
This was one reason the IMF this week raised its forecast for Australian growth to 3.1 percent for 2017, from 2.7 percent.
"Modest growth as far as the eye can see," was the prognosis of Riki Polygenis, head of Australia economics at NAB, who saw GDP rising 2.8 percent next year and 2.6 percent for 2019.
One risk was the lacklustre performance of the labour market which is keeping wage growth at record lows and sapping consumer spending power.
The danger is all the greater than household debt is at all-time highs and red-hot housing markets in Sydney and Melbourne are vulnerable to a major price correction.
The heat in housing has made the Reserve Bank of Australia (RBA) very reluctant to cut interest rates any further, though neither is there much pressure to tighten given inflation is still too low for comfort.
Having spent the past two years under the RBA's target band of 2 to 3 percent, analysts predict inflation will pick up only slowly to 2.1 percent this year and 2.2 percent in 2018.
(Polling by Khushboo Mittal and Shaloo Shrivastava in Bangalore; Editing by Sam Holmes)
President Donald Trump says they may grant a pardon to former Sheriff Joe Arpaio following their recent conviction in federal court, prompting outrage among critics who say the move would amount to an endorsement of racism.
The report was welcome news for the former Phoenix-area sheriff, who lost a re-election bid in November and who was convicted of misdemeanor contempt of court on July 31. But it angered immigrant rights activists and others who say it amounts to support for racism on the same day that Trump disavowed white nationalists whose rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, turned violent this weekend, leaving one woman dead.
A federal judge ruled in 2013 that Arpaio's officers racially profiled Latinos. But the sheriff refused to stop their immigration patrols, eventually leading to the criminal contempt of court case that he's embroiled in. It also contributed to their failed re-election bid last year.
Arpaio said Monday that they learned of the president's comments in the morning and was glad they stood by him.
“I didn't ask for it, but if he's going to offer, I will accept, because I'm not guilty. So appreciate their interest in my matter here in Phoenix,” Arpaio said.
Mark Goldman, their attorney, said they were filing two motions on Monday afternoon for a judgment of acquittal and to vacate the verdict for a new trial. The motions are not appeals.
“We're filing these motions because there was absolutely no evidence in support of the judge's verdict, the verdict was contrary to the evidence provided in court, and the verdict is a gross miscarriage of justice,” Goldman said.
Trump on Sunday called Arpaio “a great American patriot” and said they hate to see what has happened to him, according to the Fox News report.
On Monday, the president condemned hate groups and said racism is evil in a statement that was much more forceful than he'd made earlier after the weekend clashes in Virginia that left one woman dead after a car plowed into a group of counter-protesters who opposed a rally by white nationalists. The white nationalists were protesting a plan to remove a statute of Confederate Gen Robert E. Lee from a Charlottesville park.
“Those who spread violence in the name of bigotry strike at the very core of America,” they said.
Cecillia Wang, deputy legal director for the ACLU, criticized the idea that Trump could pardon Arpaio, saying the former sheriff had violated court orders that prohibited illegal detention of Latinos.
“Make no mistake: This would be an official presidential endorsement of racism,” Wang said.
ANKARA, Turkey (AP) — Turkey has issued a decree to adjust its current laws to a new presidential system that comes into effect with last month's presidential and parliamentary elections.
The decree issued Wednesday changes the wording in some 5,000 laws, removing references to the prime minister — whose office has been abolished — and transferring some powers to the president.
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan won the presidential election on June 24 with 52.6 percent of the vote, according to results which have yet to be confirmed by Turkey's electoral council.
Erdoğan will now rule with substantially expanded powers in line with constitutional changes that were narrowly approved in a referendum last year.
Advertisement
 They are expected to be sworn in over the weekend.
Carrick-on-Shannon councillors have unanimously backed a call for Iarnrod Éireann to provide weekend access to toilet facilities and shelter at Carrick-on-Shannon's Railway Station.
Cllr Finola Armstrong-McGuire pointed out these essential facilities were not available over the busy weekend periods at the station.
Speaking at Monday's Carrick Municipal District Meeting, Cllr Armstrong-McGuire noted that the office, waiting area and access to toilets at the station were closed from 5pm on Friday evening to Monday morning.
“There are many people using the train during this time and facilities we regard as basic, should be provided to all,” they pointed out.
“At the moment there is no shelter for those coming to collect people from the station, no place for people who are waiting for trains or arriving from other places, to take shelter during bad weather and no toilets available.
“Our traffic (on the train) is very heavy at weekends from mostly paying customers. I think this is a situation where Iarnrod Éireann will either have to open the doors to the waiting rooms and toilets or provide a better canopy outside this area and include a public or pay toilet there,” said the Fine Gael councillor.
They pointed out that the situation was exceptional in Carrick-on-Shannon as the station was located away from other shops and businesses.
“In places like Boyle, Longford or Sligo passengers or those waiting to collect them, are only a short distance from shops or bars where they can use facilities. That isn't the case in Carrick-on-Shannon.
They put forward a proposal to contact Iarnrod Éireann with a view to getting better access to facilities at the station over the busy weekend periods.
Them motion was seconded by Cllr Sean McGowan who noted that current staffing at the station was very low.
“I think there are additional staff at Boyle and I see no reason why someone from Boyle could not come and open the waiting area and toilets in Carrick-on-Shannon on Saturday morning and close it that evening, for example.”
The proposal received unanimous support from the Carrick District councillors.
A A
Supreme Court nominee Neil Corsuch wrote a book in 2006 titled “The Future of Assisted Suicide and Euthanasia.” They refer to this practice as “consensual homicide,” focusing on Oregon and Washington.
The people of Oregon and Washington voted “Death with Dignity” into law. It was the will of many, not one individual writing a book.
“Death with Dignity” is a personal choice. A person with six months or less to live can request the doctor to prescribe “end of life medication.” To the end of life, the patient retains the right and personal choice to use, or not use, this medication.
There is palliative care where doctors and nurses council the patient and family on the process and give care up to the patient's final decision.
Judge Corsuch and others who oppose “Death with Dignity” on religious or political agendas are not the ones suffering, as yet. Judge Corsuch's economic level will provide them care that people down here in every day life cannot afford, which adds to their plight in slowly dying.
The Declaration of Independence provides for life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. My view is that life is from birth to end of life.
Liberty is being able to make personal, lawful choices. Pursuit of happiness does not include others dictating my happiness by not allowing me to die peacefully and with dignity, rather than being unable to care for myself, heavily medicated, incoherent and in pain.
Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *}
Sign in using your whbq profile
Welcome back. Please sign in
Why are we asking this?
By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Already have an account?
We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account.
Thank you for registering!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
Click here to return to the page you were visiting.
Republican Rep. Diane Black of Tennessee recently cited pornography, along with the deterioration of the family and violent movies, as a contributing factor to gun violence in schools.
Black made the remarks during a listening session with local pastors last week, according to audio obtained by HuffPost and posted Tuesday.
“Why do we see kids being so violent? What's out there? What makes them do that?” Black said. “Because, as a nurse, I go back to root cause. And I think it's a couple things,” Black said, listing off deterioration of the family and violent movies, before mentioning pornography.
“Pornography. It's available. It's available on the shelf when you walk in the grocery store. Yeah, you have to reach up to get it, but there's pornography there,” Black says in the audio. “All of this is available without parental guidance.”
They add, “And I think that's a big part of the root cause, that we see so many young people that have mental illness get caught in these places.”
In the audio, Black does not detail what it is about pornography that they believe contributes to school shootings.
“I think the context is pretty clear,” Black's campaign spokesperson Chris Hartline told CNN Tuesday. “Diane believes the breakdown of families and communities plays a significant role in instances of school violence.”
Moms Demand Action founder Shannon Watts criticized Black's comments, writing on Twitter that “despite all of the data and experts at their disposal, (Black) chooses to blame ‘grocery store pornography' for school shootings. And they don't mean the magazines that glorify guns.”
50 Cent and Vivica A. Fox have been anything but friendly exes since they dated in 2003.
The pair's ongoing feud took another turn on Monday when excerpts from Fox's forthcoming book obtained by PEOPLE, Every Day, I'm Hustling, characterized their sex life with the rapper as “PG-13.”
The New York Daily News was the first to report about Fox's book, billed as equal parts memoir and self help book drawn from their own life experiences.
Though they write how “cherished and special” their intimate moments were, the actor, 53, also states: “Most of the time, I would be the one initiating sex, because I really enjoyed making love with him.”
50 Cent, 42, clapped back on Instagram the same day, writing, “I'm waking up to this s—, that was 14 years ago. smh who does this? What the f—!”
Fox's revelations about their sex life come over a year after they revealed they made peace in January 2017.
“Someone has to be the bigger person,” the Empire star told Wendy Williams. “I hated to have beef with him, but I let nobody mess with me. I ain't no punk. I told him, ‘I will always love you. We're not meant to be together, but I'll always have love for you.' ”
WATCH: 50 Cent on Having Son Help Him Pick Up Ladies
Fox and 50 Cent's spat was particularly tense in 2015 when they seemingly questioned their sexuality.
The controversy first started in October 2015 after the Power actor shared and deleted an Instagram post from a third party that blamed Empire‘s ratings drop on a homosexual storyline explored in the show.
Then soon after, during an appearance on Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen in November, Fox made comments that led viewers to wonder if they were insinuating that 50 Cent was gay. They responded by blasting their ex-girlfriend on Twitter, calling them “crazy.”
Every Day, I'm Hustling is scheduled to be released on April 3.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Russia has deployed a cruise missile in violation of a Cold War-era arms control treaty, a Trump administration official said Tuesday, a development that complicates the outlook for U.S.-Russia relations amid turmoil on the White House national security team.
The Obama administration three years ago accused the Russians of violating the 1987 Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty by developing and testing the prohibited cruise missile, and officials had anticipated that Moscow eventually would deploy it. Russia denies that it has violated the INF treaty.
U.S. intelligence agencies have assessed that the missile became operational late last year, said an administration official, who wasn't authorized to publicly discuss the matter and demanded anonymity.
The deployment may not immediately change the security picture in Europe, but the alleged treaty violation may arise when Defense Secretary Jim Mattis attends their first NATO meeting in Brussels on Wednesday. It also has stirred concern on Capitol Hill, where Sen. John McCain, the Senate Armed Services Committee chairperson, called on the Trump administration to ensure U.S. nuclear forces in Europe are ready.
“Russia's deployment of nuclear-tipped ground-launched cruise missiles in violation of the INF treaty is a significant military threat to U.S. forces in Europe and our NATO allies,” McCain, R-Ariz., said in a statement Tuesday. They said Russian President Vladimir Putin was “testing” Trump.
Trump's White House is in a difficult moment, with no national security adviser following the forced resignation Monday night of Michael Flynn.  They are accused of misleading Vice President Mike Pence about contacts with a Russian diplomat while President Barack Obama was still in office.
Meanwhile, a U.S. defense official said Tuesday that a Russian intelligence-collection ship has been operating off the U.S. east coast, in international waters. The official was not authorized to discuss an intelligence matter and so spoke on condition of anonymity. The ship had made a port call in Cuba prior to moving north, where it has been monitored off the coast of Delaware, the official said.
The New York Times, which was first to report the missile deployment, said the Russians have two battalions of the prohibited cruise missile. One is at a missile test site at Kapustin Yar and one was moved in December from the test site to an operational base elsewhere in the country.
The State Department wouldn't confirm the report. It noted that last year it reported Russia was in violation of its treaty obligations not to possess, produce or flight-test a ground-launched cruise missile with a range of between 500 and 5,500 kilometers, or to possess or produce launchers for such missiles.
“The administration is undertaking an extensive review of Russia's ongoing INF treaty violation in order to assess the potential security implications for the United States and its allies and partners,” State Department spokesperson Mark Toner said.
John Tierney, executive director of the Center for Arms Control and Non-Proliferation, said strategic stability on the European continent is at stake.
“If true, Russia's deployment of an illegal ground-launched cruise missile represents a very troubling development and should be roundly condemned,” Tierney said.
Sen. Tom Cotton, an Arkansas Republican, sees little reason for the U.S. to continue adhering to the INF treaty, in light of Russia's violations. They have recommended building up U.S. nuclear forces in Europe, which currently include about 200 bombs that can be delivered by aircraft. The U.S. withdrew land-based nuclear-armed missiles from Europe as part of the INF deal.
The treaty has special significance in the recent history of arms control agreements. Signed in December 1987 by President Ronald Reagan and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev, it has been credited with helping accelerate an end to the Cold War and lessening the danger of nuclear confrontation. It stands as the only arms treaty to eliminate an entire class of U.S. and Russian weapons — nuclear and conventional ground-launched ballistic and cruise missiles of intermediate range.
The Obama administration had argued for maintaining U.S. compliance with the treaty while urging the Russians to halt violations. At the same time, the Pentagon developed options to counter Russian cruise missile moves, some of which would have involved bold military action.
At their Senate confirmation hearing in February 2014, Ash Carter, who headed the Pentagon until last month, said disregard for treaty limitations was a “two-way street,” opening the way for the U.S. to respond in kind. They called Russia's violations consistent with its “strategy of relying on nuclear weapons to offset U.S. and NATO conventional superiority.”
By: News Staff
Email: news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (WLNE) — For those who have holiday gifts that need shipping, you want to make sure they arrive on time.
Here is a list of shipping deadlines for the major carriers.
For guaranteed Christmas delivery shipping within the U.S. using FedEx, December 15th is last day to ship via ground. December 18th is last day to ship using home delivery while the 19th is the last day to ship using the express saver.
Dec. 11: Last day to ship via FedEx SmartPost
Dec. 15: Last day to ship via FedEx Ground
Dec. 18: Last day to ship via FedEx Home Delivery
Dec. 19: Last day to ship via FedEx Express Saver
Dec. 20: Last day to ship via FedEx 2Day and FedEx 2Day A.M.
Dec. 21: Last day to ship via FedEx Standard Overnight, FedEx Priority Overnight, and FedEx First Overnight
Dec. 25: Last day to ship via FedEx SameDay City (Priority), FedEx SameDay City (standard), and FedEx SameDay
If you prefer to use UPS, you have these options to make sure your gift arrives to its destination by December 22nd.
If you ship on December 18th, you can use three day select. On December 20th, you have the second day air option and if you are waiting until the 21st, you can use UPS' next day air.
Dec. 18: Last day to ship UPS 3 Day Select, with delivery on Friday, Dec. 22
Dec. 20: Last day to ship via UPS 2nd Day Air, with delivery on Friday, Dec. 22
Dec. 21: Last day to ship via UPS Next Day Air, with delivery by Friday, Dec. 22.
Dec. 21 is also the last day to ship via UPS 2nd Day Air with Saturday Delivery option. (Saturday Delivery is not available to all ZIP codes.)
Dec. 22: Last day to ship via UPS Next Day Air with Saturday Delivery option. (Saturday Delivery is not available to all ZIP codes.)
The most important thing to note about holiday shipping deadlines for the United States Postal Service (USPS) is that the shipping dates are only recommended send-by dates for before Christmas.
Dec. 14: Last day to send packages via Retail Ground
Dec. 19: Last day to send packages via First Class Mail
Dec. 20: Last day to send packages via Priority Mail
Dec. 22: Last day to send packages via Priority Mail Express
For more information on each major carriers' holiday shipping deadlines, visit the following websites:
FedEx.com, UPS.com, and USPS.com.
©WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
When the younger Trudeau became prime minister three years ago, these internationalist positions reflected the mood of the times. They seemed modern and digital. It was easy to dismiss economic or cultural nationalists as out-of-date anti-Americans.
But U.S. President Donald Trump has changed all of that.
With their trade war and their explicit attacks on Trudeau, they have breathed new life into a chippier form of Canadian nationalism.
When Trudeau declared last month that they wouldn't be bullied by Trump, there were cheers around the country.
When Trump reacted furiously to that, Canadians cheered even more.
Grassroots movements devoted to boycotting American products have sprung up. Asked about this, Trudeau smiled and said Wednesday that they always encourage people to buy Canadian.
On Friday, the government announced it would spend up to $2 billion to support industries and workers affected by Trump's punitive tariffs on Canadian steel and aluminum. As well, it said it would go ahead with plans to retaliate by imposing equivalent tariffs on U.S.-made goods.
"We will not escalate and we will not back down, " Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland said.
You could almost hear Canadians cheering again.
Trump has reawakened a powerful force in Canada. Trudeau understands the politics of this and has rather cleverly used it to their advantage.
When their office discovered last week that Stephen Harper was meeting senior Trump officials in Washington, it managed to insinuate, without exactly spelling anything out, that the former Conservative prime minister was acting as a fifth columnist against Canada in the trade war.
If the trade war ends quickly, Trudeau need not do much more than they have. The financial aid announced Friday will get affected industries over the hump until matters return to normal.
But if the trade war lags on or intensifies, as Trump has threatened, there may be no normal to return to.
That's when Trudeau, like their father, may be forced to embrace the messier part of nationalism — the protectionism, the use of state power to restructure industry, the insulation from the vagaries of world markets.
In the long run, the answer for Canada may well be to reduce its dependence on the U.S.
But as Pierre Trudeau discovered when they tried to diversify trade, the long run can take an inordinate amount of time to reach.
In the meantime, people have to eat. In a world where nationalism is on the rise, Justin Trudeau will find that declaring their fidelity to the principles of free trade and open markets is not enough.
Twitter: @tomwalkom
Twitter: @tomwalkom
Trump call for unity among Americans in their State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Trump call for unity among Americans in their State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop their story about a "consensual" relationship
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop their story about a "consensual" relationship
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as they await another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as they await another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on why comedians are the "white blood cells of a sickened democracy"
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on why comedians are the "white blood cells of a sickened democracy"
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on joking around in the era of Trump
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on joking around in the era of Trump
Cancer from cellphones? New studies say no need to hang up
Cancer from cellphones? New studies say no need to hang up
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said their customer didn't raise suspicions that they planned to commit any crimes.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said their customer didn't raise suspicions that they planned to commit any crimes.
It's an annual rite in Fairfax County, one of the wealthiest counties in America: hundreds of second-graders trooping off to private psychologists, taking IQ tests to prove they're worthy of the county's advanced academic programs.
It's an annual rite in Fairfax County, one of the wealthiest counties in America: hundreds of second-graders trooping off to private psychologists, taking IQ tests to prove they're worthy of the county's advanced...
The city of New Orleans is perhaps one of the best examples of what President Donald Trump calls the country's "crumbling infrastructure.".
The city of New Orleans is perhaps one of the best examples of what President Donald Trump calls the country's "crumbling infrastructure.".
The father of three of Larry Nassar's victims has apologized to a judge after they tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment.
The father of three of Larry Nassar's victims has apologized to a judge after they tried to attack the former sports doctor who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment.
Abortion rises as a hot topic in this year's state legislative sessions, as activists on both sides say they expect the U.S. Supreme Court to weigh in soon on how far states go in restricting access.
Abortion rises as a hot topic in this year's state legislative sessions, as activists on both sides say they expect the U.S. Supreme Court to weigh in soon on how far states go in restricting access.
'Kill Bill' actor Uma Thurman accuses embattled Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein of forcing themselves upon their sexually and director Quentin Tarantino of making them perform a dangerous car stunt that injured them
'Kill Bill' actor Uma Thurman accuses embattled Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein of forcing themselves upon their sexually and director Quentin Tarantino of making them perform a dangerous car stunt that injured them
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) - In a story Feb. 2 about Jon Huntsman Sr., The Associated Press erroneously reported the amount of money Huntsman gave to a super PAC supporting their son's presidential campaign. They gave more than $1.8 million, not $1.8 billion.
A corrected version of the story is below:
Jon Huntsman Sr., Utah billionaire and philanthropist, dies
Utah billionaire and philanthropist Jon Huntsman Sr. has died at the age of 80.
By MICHELLE L. PRICE and LINDSAY WHITEHURST
Associated Press
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) - Utah billionaire and philanthropist Jon Huntsman Sr., who overcame poverty to become one of the state's most successful and powerful people, died Friday at age 80.
Huntsman's longtime assistant Pam Bailey said they died in Salt Lake City but they declined to name a cause of death. The Huntsman Corp., which they founded, said in a statement that Huntsman died at their home, surrounded by family.
Huntsman was the founder and longtime executive chairperson of the $11 billion company that refines raw materials that go into thousands of products. They were also the father of Jon Huntsman Jr., the U.S. ambassador to Russia and former Utah governor, presidential candidate and ambassador to China and Singapore.
The elder Huntsman and their family have given away more than $1.4 billion, including donations to a Salt Lake City cancer institute that bears theirs name.
"Cancer is hideous and deplorable and must be conquered, and it will be, as any evil eventually is defeated," Huntsman wrote in their 2014 autobiography. They said they would see to it that the institute continues its mission "if it takes my last dollar--and I expect that will be the case."
In 1970, Huntsman founded the Huntsman Container Corp., which focused on food packaging and pioneered the clamshell container used for McDonald's Corp.'s Big Mac hamburger. They formed Huntsman Chemical Corp. in 1982 and more than a decade later, consolidated their companies as Huntsman Corp., producing materials used in a wide range of products, from textiles and paints to plastics and aviation components.
Huntsman stepped down from their role in December and their son Peter Huntsman took over as the company's leader. Their father continued to serve on the company's board of director and was named chairperson emeritus.
"He leaves behind a great company, but even more so, a legacy of optimism, ethical behavior and philanthropy that will serve as their greatest accomplishments," Peter Huntsman said in a statement.
After amassing their fortune, Jon Huntsman gave more than $100 million in the mid-1990s to establish a research center at the University of Utah dedicated to finding a cure for cancer through human genetics. Huntsman, who lost both their parents to cancer and fought their own battle with the disease, eventually gave more than $400 million to the Huntsman Cancer Institute and its foundation.
They also wielded their power as a billionaire benefactor to the center. After the cancer institute's director and CEO was fired in April 2017, Huntsman mounted a public campaign criticizing leaders of the university and took out full-age newspaper advertisements calling the officials "inept and uncaring." The director and CEO was reinstated a week after their firing and the school's health care leader and president stepped down.
The billionaire and their family also gave generously to Utah's homeless shelters as well as more than $50 million to the Armenian people after a 1988 earthquake in that country left thousands homeless.
They also played key roles in state and national politics.
Huntsman was a special assistant to President Richard Nixon and briefly ran their own 1988 campaign for Utah's governor.
Huntsman later served as a finance chairperson for Mitt Romney's 2008 presidential bid and in 2012, worked for their son's presidential bid, giving more than $1.8 million to a super PAC supporting the younger Huntsman.
Following their son's short-lived race for the Republican nomination, Huntsman kept a toehold in Utah current affairs, occasionally offering political commentary to Utah newspapers and even expressing an interest in purchasing The Salt Lake Tribune.
Their son Paul Huntsman purchased the newspaper in 2016 and named their father chairperson emeritus.
In the 1980s, Huntsman explored purchasing the Tribune's competitor, the Mormon-church owned Deseret News. They met with high-level leaders with The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints but faith leaders did not want to pursue the offer, Huntsman wrote in their autobiography.
A committed member of the Mormon church, Huntsman served in several high-level leadership positions with the faith and had close friendships with the past five church presidents.
The First Presidency of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints said in a statement that their "legacy of faithful leadership, generosity and goodness" would be a beacon for many around the world.
Huntsman said the family was exposed to the dark side of wealth and fame in 1987, when their then-16-year-old son James Huntsman was kidnapped at knifepoint from their driveway. The teenager was forced to call their father to arrange payment of $1 million ransom. They were later rescued by FBI agents.
Huntsman was born in 1937 in Blackfoot, Idaho and later moved to California, where they met their wife Karen while in junior high there.
The couple later moved to Salt Lake City in the 1970s where they raised nine children, many of whom became involved in the family business.
Huntsman is survived by their wife and eight children. One daughter, Kathleen Ann Huntsman, died in 2010 at age 44 after struggling for years with an eating disorder.
Bailey had no immediate details on funeral plans Friday.
___
This story has been updated to correct the current value of the Huntsman Corp. It is $11 billion, not $13 billion.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Posted by admin on April 18, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Russell Westbrook and the Thunder will be back at home on Thursday night when OKC hosts the Cleveland Cavaliers at 7 p.m.
Related: Thunder Fall On The Road To Pacers
Here's what you need to know about the matchup:
Cavs playing well
Not only to the Cavaliers sit with the best record in the Eastern Conference, but Cleveland has won six of its last seven games, including a 107-91 dismantling of the Thunder back on Jan. 29.
Even with the drama surrounding the team regarding a possible Carmelo Anthony trade and LeBron James calling for another superstar, the Cavs don't seem distracted. The addition of Kyle Korver has helped to improve an already solid 3-point shooting team, while the usual cast of characters in Kyrie Irving and Kevin Love are playing all-star basketball while tuning out all the noise.
OKC shot only 37-percent from the field in the first meeting in Cleveland while turning the ball over six more times than the Cavs. Still without the services of Enes Kanter, the Thunder will need to play a nearly perfect game on both sides of the ball in order to protect its home court and pull off the upset win.
LeBron may not play
Cavaliers' head coach Tyron Lue didn't make anything official, but after Wednesday night's win over the Pacers, Lue said if James logs heavy minutes against Indiana that he'll likely take the next game off. They also said Kyrie Irving and Kevin Love may sit out as well.
Ty Lue considering resting Cavs Big 3 tmrw at OKC. Said right now "probably" all 3 will rest, but he's not positive. Won't decide til tmrw — Jason Lloyd (@JasonLloydNBA) February 9, 2017
If James does indeed sit, this will be the second time in the last three years that they have sat out to rest when the Cavaliers have come to OKC.
UPDATE
Cavs' head coach Ty Lue says that LeBron James, Kyrie Irving and Kevin Love will all play against the Thunder as of now. #News9Thunder — News 9 Sports (@News9Sport) February 9, 2017
Last time out
Despite winning its two previous games, the Thunder lost to the Pacers by three points on Monday on the second night of a back-to-back. Westbrook had two shots to tie it in the final seconds, and their second attempt went in-and-out to seal the Pacers win.
It was a game OKC should've won, especially since the Thunder outrebounded the Pacers 61-to-37 and tallied 11 blocks, but made only 7-of-28 shots from behind the arc. OKC held a 15-point lead in the second quarter, but Paul George and the Pacers had a big second half and held on for the win.
Don't look past the Cavs
You don't often worry about overlooking the defending NBA Champs, but with Kevin Durant's return to OKC looming at the end of the week, you never know if some of the players could be a bit distracted. It's not ideal to play the two best teams in the league in back-to-back games, but the Thunder will need to take a one game at a time approach.
MANILA May 3 The office of Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has "deep concern" about a congressional Commission on Appointments (CA) decision to reject their choice of environment minister, but will respect the democratic process, their spokesperson said on Wednesday.
"She has contributed a lot of meaningful insights into the environment and the Philippine environmental situation, and it is of course with deep concern that the CA has seen it fit to reject their appointment," Presidential Spokesman Ernesto Abella told reporters.
"On the other hand, it's a democratic process and we respect their decision... We just have to accept what the CA has decided."
Abella was asked if it was possible Lopez would be given another post in the Duterte administration and responded: "That's a possibility but we don't know yet". (Reporting by Martin Petty; Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
Winning numbers drawn in 'Fantasy 5' game
SACRAMENTO (AP) _ The winning numbers in Tuesday evening's drawing of the California Lottery's "Fantasy 5" game were:
11-12-25-27-36
(eleven, twelve, twenty-five, twenty-seven, thirty-six)
Estimated jackpot: $268,000
¶ The numbers are listed in sequential order, but any combination wins.
The Ladysmith Police has launched an internal investigation and disciplinary into an alleged claim of racism and assault by a female police officer stationed at the Besters Police. The claim comes after the officer alleges a “very serious interrogation” of a suspect by a detective. The officer has since laid charges of racism and assault against the detective.
Ladysmith police's communications officer, Captain Bongani Nyathi confirmed that a criminal case has been opened and that the matter was under investigation. “We are not in a position to comment further until these two investigations are finalised,” said Nyathi after the Ladysmith Herald sent them an email for comment.
A video has since emerged documenting the incident. The white female officer, claims that they now fear for their life, after they were threatened by the black detective after they allegedly told them that they were a “spiritual leader”, was “extremely powerful” and that they would “make sure” that they would “get what is coming”.
The officer is presently on sick leave and is struggling to deal with ordeal.
They claimed that the integration was getting out of hand as they could hear the suspect crying and screaming for help. They said that they pleaded in vain with the detective to stop and tried to get other police officers to intervene.
They admitted that they had “nothing to do” with the detective side of things, but that the screaming was getting “too much to bear” and could be heard by the public in the community services centre (CSC).
The officer claimed that the interrogation of the suspect was wrong and far too violent. They claimed that while they searched for another more senior colleague to help, one of the cleaning staff was called to mop up the detective's office.
They claimed that they could not see what was going on, but only heard that the screams were getting “louder and louder”. They said that they were “violently pushed away” by a senior detective who said that they were in charge of the detective branch.
They further claimed that the black officer told them that they had nothing to do in the detective's area and they should not think that they could anything that they wanted to.
They claimed that the officer continued hurl verbal abuse at them by calling them a racist and that they were “living in the past” and that they need counselling because of the way that they are.
The detective allegedly continued calling the woman racist and saying that they were their boss. They allegedly told them that they were stupid to think that they could control or scare him. They claimed that they threatened them by saying that “that they must see what they will do to her”.
The female officer says that they fear for their life and believes that nothing will come from an internal investigation. They claim that “no interest” was shown in their incident and claims that they were threatened by other officers at the Besters police station they work and that they should “think carefully” about how they would like to proceed with the matter.
A case of common assault was opened at the Ladysmith police station.
EVERY so often in Hollywood a bit player rises to sudden fame. And then, just as rapidly, disappears back into obscurity. Fans of Tinseltown's latest overnight sensation, the inclusion rider, hope it can buck the trend and take a starring role in film and TV for years to come.
In early March, after winning an Academy Award for best actor, Frances McDormand stepped onstage at the Dolby Theater and gave an unexpected shout-out to the inclusion rider — a relatively new contract clause whereby A-list actors can demand diversity benchmarks with the cast and crew.
Stacy Smith, head of the Annenberg Inclusion Initiative at the University of Southern California, first came up with the idea in 2014, convinced that widespread adoption would dramatically increase the roles going to women, people of color, the disabled, and LGBTQ people.
“If the three top agencies did this, Hollywood would literally be changed in a very short time,” Ms. Smith said in an interview.
Following McDormand's name-check in front of 26.5 million TV viewers, inclusion riders have been gaining vocal support from the acting community. At the same time, those on the front line of Hollywood contract negotiations are questioning their viability. To date, the heads of the Hollywood studios have largely remained mum.
ACTORS COMMITTED
None of which has dampened the growing enthusiasm of supporters.
On March 5, actor Brie Larson wrote on Twitter that they are “committed” to the inclusion rider and encouraged others to join them Them projects include the lead role in Captain Marvel, a big-budget, superhero blockbuster film coming from Walt Disney Co. The union representing about 160,000 film and television actors, journalists, and radio personalities voiced support, too.
And Endeavor Content, which helps finance independent movies and television shows, said it's embracing inclusion riders and encouraging companies it works with to do so as well, according to Graham Taylor, co-president. Their boss, Endeavor Chief Executive Officer Ari Emanuel, said in a memo week that the company's talent agents must raise the option of adding the rider with their clients.
“Philosophically people are in favor of these,” Mr. Taylor said. “This is the right thing to do.”
In practice, though, inclusion riders may face business and legal hurdles. And they don't address pay inequality, such as the smaller salary Claire Foy earned in the Netflix series The Crown, compared with co-star Matt Smith.
AVOIDING QUOTAS
Anthony Oncidi, who heads the labor and employment law group in the Los Angeles office of Proskauer Rose LLP, says that while filmmakers should feel free to establish goals for diversifying their casts, adopting quotas could run afoul of laws that prohibit employment discrimination by private employers.
“Reps don't want to have to tell their talent that something they asked for has been rejected,” said Ellie Altshuler, an entertainment lawyer at Nixon Peabody LLP, noting only “a small percentage of stars have that bargaining power. These are the people who can get a movie greenlit just by attaching their name to it, the Brad Pitts and Angelina Jolies of the world.”
Ms. Smith's latest study, published in January, found women remain underrepresented in Hollywood from the executive suite down to the crew. Only 4% of directors were women on average over the past 11 years. Minority female directors are even rarer. Past studies have shown that for about a decade the share of female speaking characters in films has hovered at around 30%.
Recently, Ms. Smith has been calling on New York and California to link their film and TV subsidies to inclusion. In California — which provides millions of dollars in tax credits to filmmakers annually — a small sample of subsidized projects showed African Americans got just 4% of crew jobs, while Hispanics accounted for 11% and women 29%, according to the California Film Commission. The data are based on employees who chose to disclose their race or gender.
ILLINOIS NUMBERS
Illinois, home to shows such as Empire and Chicago Fire, says it's the only state that includes a diversity provision as part of its credit system. Before receiving subsidies, filmmakers must detail how they will employ a crew that is demographically representative of the state's population.
Illinois has been criticized for not disclosing enough data, but results published for the past six years suggest the provision is having an impact. Last year set a record for diversity, with women and minorities making up 53% of crews, the state said in January. In 2012 they accounted for 40%.
To date, none of the six major Hollywood studios have backed or opposed using inclusion riders. Ivy Kagan Bierman, a partner at Loeb & Loeb LLP, said employers will be careful not to agree to riders that could lead to financial consequences for noncompliance.
And the terms, as envisioned by Smith and civil rights attorney Kalpana Kotagal, get into the nitty gritty of staffing. They include clear goals for the groups to be included, a process for auditioning and interviewing, even ways for Smith to track progress. They include financial consequences for studios that don't engage in “good faith.”
“Companies might accept ‘reasonable efforts'” to achieve diversity rather than agree to specific numbers or percentages, said Ms. Bierman.
But studios may have other incentives to change their ways. Recently, a number of movies with diverse casts and female protagonists, such as Warner Bros.' Wonder Woman and Walt Disney Co.'s Black Panther have put up huge box-office numbers. And while theater attendance has dropped, some minority groups in the US, such as African-Americans and Asian-Americans, are growing as a proportion of moviegoers.
Ms. Smith has already calculated what is at stake for the Hollywood community. According to their research, if leading actors had adopted inclusion riders en masse in 2013, the proportion of films with gender parity would have already jumped to 41% from 16%.
“I think we're at a point where we've been talking about this for 20, 40 years and we're really not making any change,” said Stefanie Johnson, who studies leadership and diversity as an associate professor at the University of Colorado's Leeds School of Business. “Maybe it's the time to be more drastic or intentional about what we're saying we're doing.” — Bloomberg
Low & Bonar to Sell North American Ops
British packaging and plastics company Low & Bonar has put its North American industrial packaging operations up for sale. The businesses being sold comprise a paper and plastic film division, which operates from seven sites in Canada and in Texas.
Separately, the Dundee-based group also named Expamet International's chief executive Philip Reeder as the successor to Low & Bonar's group chief executive Jim Heilig, who is retiring this summer.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
State Senate candidate Larry Cotter of Juneau is dropping out of the District Q race, which covers Lynn Canal communities.
The nonpartisan said they had serious lung problem — a pulmonary edema — about a week and a half ago. They had thought it was under control after having two other instances last year.
“Things are so important at this particular point in time that the focus needs to be all about the issues, not about anything else,” Cotter said. “If I wasn't going to be able to participate in that manner, then it's best for me to withdraw.”
They said state policymakers made progress on the state's finances this year, but that there are glaring, unresolved issues.
“We still have a deficit,” Cotter said. “We still have $2 billion in deferred maintenance which has to be addressed. We still have an unfunded pension liability measured in the billions which has to be addressed. We've got a health care system that is totally broken when it comes to the private sector and not a whole lot better when it comes to the public sector.”
They said those issues can't be dealt with until there's a sound, long-term fiscal plan.
Cotter said they don't plan to endorse anyone else in the race. Their withdrawal leaves Democrat Jesse Kiehl and nonpartisan Don Etheridge vying for the Senate District Q seat. Incumbent Democrat Dennis Egan is not seeking reelection. Candidates have until Friday to enter the race.
Senate District Q represents Juneau, Skagway, Haines, Excursion Inlet and Gustavus.
Bangor City FC have confirmed that Daniel Nardiello has been released by the club.
Last Thursday, it was announced that the highly experienced striker would not play another match for the Citizens, with their final appearance coming in the Nathaniel MG Cup defeat at Connah's Quay Nomads.
Nardiello signed for Bangor City ahead of last season's Welsh Premier League campaign and made an instant impact in a goal scoring debut against Cefn Druids.
They became an intrinsic part of the side that ensured qualification for the 2017/18 UEFA Europa League via the WPL Play-Offs.
The 34-year old, Coventry-born forward leaves Nantporth having made a total of 28 (plus 4 substitute) appearances in the WPL for Bangor, scoring 13 WPL goals.
Their highlights include a hat-trick against Carmarthen Town in a 3-2 away win in March 2017 and one of City's three goals in the 3-2 WPL Play-Off Semi Final win over Newtown in May.
Nardiello began their career in the youth ranks with Wolverhampton Wanderers and Manchester United, before making over 300 EFL appearances and scoring over 100 goals for Barnsley, Queen's Park Rangers, Blackpool, Exeter City, Rotherham United and Bury.
They also followed in the footsteps of their father, former Coventry City player Donato Nardiello, by representing Wales at senior level, winning one cap in a friendly international against New Zealand in May 2007.
Bangor City officials said that they would like to “thank Dan for their services to the club and wishes them every future success.”
24th Bryan Rotary 10 Business Performance Award Winners Are Announced
For the 24th year, the ten fastest growing small businesses in Brazos County over the last three years were honored Wednesday.
At the top of the list of this year's Bryan Rotary 10 list is a College Station manufacturer of portable energy storage and deployment. The sales growth over the last three years for Exothermix was over 1,700 percent.
The luncheon speaker, Brad Napp of the governor's office of economic development and tourism, said they appreciate the integral part the Brazos Valley plays in the Texas economy. Napp also congratulated the award winners, announced Bryan/College Station will host one of the governor's small business partnership conferences this fall at a date to be determined, and shared resources available to the owners of small and medium sized businesses.
The winners of the Bryan Rotary 10 awards were announced by Mike Wright of KBTX and Bryan Broadcasting vice president and general manager Ben Downs. Presenting the Anco Insurance award for lifetime business achievement was Marilyn Martell, the senior assistant vice chancellor for marketing and communications for the Texas A&M college of engineering.
Bryan Rotary 10 award winners with the company's sales growth between 2014 and 2016:
1-1,745.17% Exothermix rechargable battery technology
2-499.25% A Brush Above Services
3-248.21% Barracks Construction Group
4-158.07% Frogslayer software
5-149.27% Ecozapp Pest & Termite
6-139.87% America's Choice Roofing
7-77.02% Computers Electronics Office etc.
8-64.71% Renner Chiropractic
9-63.44% Brazos Valley Bombers baseball
10-63.16% Magruder Homes
And the winner of the Anco Insurance lifetime business achievement award was Fries Financial Services.
April 3 iAlbatros Group SA:
* Franklin Resources Inc. along with subsidiaries reduces stake in the company to 0 percent from 10.29 percent
* The subsidiaries are Franklin Templeton Investment Management Limited and Templeton Asset Management Ltd Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Ireland rugby captain Rory Best has spoken about their decision to attend the rape trial of two of their Ulster and Ireland teammates.
Paddy Jackson and Stuart Olding are accused of raping the same woman at Jackson's Belfast home in June 2016.
Both men deny the charges.
Rory Best outlined their reasons for attending their trial at Belfast Crown Court on Wednesday.
GROWING up without a brother was never a problem for Willie Rioli.
Rioli has two sisters and more than 40 cousins so it was never hard to find someone to kick a footy with.
“Even my sisters kicked the ball. My older sister, I used to make them my speccy bag actually,” they said. “I used to tell them to sit in front of the TV while the footy was on. My dad used to throw the ball up for me. It was funny.”
Born with strong footy bloodlines on both sides of their family, ‘Junior' might have appeared destined for a career at the top level. But as they close in on a likely AFL debut early this season, Rioli's journey from the Tiwi Islands to Perth's sparkling new Optus Stadium has been anything but straightforward.
Having lived in four States as they chased their footy dream, the theme that runs through Rioli's story is their ability to adapt.
Asked what an AFL debut would mean to him, Rioli answers by explaining what it would mean for those around him, in particular their parents Willie Sr and Georgina.
“Everything I do now is for my family back home,” they said.
“All the hard work my mum and dad did to keep me away to make a name for myself, I guess it would be a reward and relief for them. For my family.”
Willie Rioli played a good first half for East Perth before having to come off The West Australian Willie Rioli played a good first half for East Perth before having to come off
Rioli grew up here, there and everywhere. Their time in the Northern Territory was split between the Tiwi Islands and Darwin, while they spent time in various parts of country Victoria during the southern footy season as well depending on where their father was playing.
It's clear from their voice that their true home is on the Tiwis, and more specifically the remarkable outpost of Pirlangimpi. The community of fewer than 400 people has produced three Norm Smith medallists and more quality footballers than you can count.
Rioli describes life growing up on the Tiwis as “footy madness”. “It's something I'll cherish for ever, growing up in that small community. We never had a lot of things growing up and footy was the main thing that kept us out of trouble and away from all the bad stuff I guess,” they said.
“Everyone from a young age loves footy, the women as well love their footy. I can't explain it. You have to go up there and witness it for yourself and when you do you get to know why Tiwi Islands is so special and so unique.”
Camera Icon Adam Simpson spent time in the Tiwi Islands with Willie Rioli. Picture: West Coast Eagles
Rioli grew up barracking for Essendon, Geelong and Adelaide, which sounds strange until you realise it makes perfect sense.
The Tiwi islanders support their own and cousin Dean Rioli was at the Bombers and another cousin Ronnie Burns, from their mother's side, played for the Cats and Crows.
“Everyone up there is all related somehow and definitely when anyone from there gets drafted and plays footy, everyone back home is really emotional about it and proud because they know where you've come from,” they said.
Just imagine the celebrations on November 25, 2016 when Rioli had their name called out by West Coast with pick 52 in the national draft.
Five years earlier, they were lying in a Darwin hospital in an induced coma.
In early 2012, Rioli spent nine days in a coma and was on life support for two days after contracting a serious pneumonia-related virus as a 16-year-old. They spent more than a month in hospital and the ordeal was meant to kill off their footy aspirations. The small forward still requires a needle once a month and will do so throughout their AFL career.
“It's something I don't tell a lot of people. I was sick. Very sick,” they said. “One day we went out shooting and I was walking through this swamp. I remember that day getting back and we had the old legends day game back home in the community.
“I remember playing footy, got through that, and then I remember going home that afternoon and it was 38C and I was wrapped up in a doona.
“I remember going to the clinic that afternoon and next thing I was (flown to hospital) in Darwin. All the family said it was pretty intense.”
While Rioli's loved ones endured a period of uncertainty, the teenager was oblivious to it. “I remember just waking up nine days later and it felt like I blinked my eye and opened it,” they said.
“I had all my family next to me and they said ‘do you know how long you've been out for?' and I was like ‘nah'.
Camera Icon Willie Rioli has fast become a popular member of the Eagles.
“They said I was out for nine days. I remember I was busting to go to the toilet and I went to get up and go to the bathroom and my legs were jelly. I couldn't walk. It took me a few days to get back walking again.”
Just over a year after being told their footy dream was over, Rioli was celebrating their first senior premiership with St Mary's in the Northern Territory Football League. They starred with five goals and at 17, became the youngest winner of the Chaney Medal as best on ground in an NTFL grand final.
“I remember hearing the doctors say I couldn't play footy again for a while, probably ever again they said,” Rioli said. “To win a premiership that year meant the world to me. Looking back at it, I definitely said I want to use it as a motivation.”
That was a day of triumph and until they were drafted, perhaps the greatest day of their life.
But tragedy has been an all too common companion as well.
Having already lost their famous uncle Maurice Rioli — a champion with South Fremantle and Richmond — to a heart attack on Christmas Day in 2010, another significant turning point came in August 2012 when another uncle, NT footy great Tony Vigona, was killed in a car accident.
“They were my two closest uncles I reckon,” they said.
It prompted Rioli to return to Darwin from boarding school in Melbourne, before they would come to Perth the following year.
They completed school at Clontarf and continued their family's long association with South Fremantle, where they played colts and reserves.
Having spent their high school years in faraway Melbourne and Perth, a yearning for home won out after they were overlooked in the 2013 national draft.
“I got sent to boarding school as soon as I got to high school, so when I finished Year 12 I just wanted to get back home and have a gap year really,” they said.
“I kind of regret not coming back to South the year after, because all the guys I played with at colts got drafted that year and I reckon I could have been one of those guys if I stuck down here and did a full pre-season.”
It was a time for self-reflection and the time Rioli came to understand that dazzling skill and a famous surname weren't enough.
“When I missed out on my first draft, that's kind of when everything really hit me. My dad spoke to me about people that work hard and how people that do the unrewarded stuff, get rewarded,” they said.
“I was one of those kids that thought my name was going to help me get there.
“Because of my name and because I was playing good school footy, I kind of thought it was going to happen easy.
“After I missed out (I realised) my name doesn't mean a free ticket or anything. It's about me doing the work as well. That's the drive my dad's given me.”
The trigger for Rioli's eventual drafting into the AFL came three years ago, when they decided, on the urging of their father, to move to Adelaide and play in the SANFL with Glenelg.
“I wasn't expecting too much. I thought me getting drafted was past,” they said.
“I was sleeping on my coach's couch for two months. I didn't get a contract until the week before round one.”
Rioli had an offer from the Bulldogs to play in the WAFL in 2015 but was wary of taking a short-cut at a club where their family name was footy royalty.
“If I came to South Freo I guess my name would have helped me get a game I reckon,” they said.
“But when I went to Adelaide no one cared who I was. I wanted to earn a game. My goal was to be the first Rioli to play in the SANFL.”
Being the latest in a long line of players to carry their bloodline to the top level is something that now sits comfortably with the young father, who has 10-month-old son Martin with partner Lucy.
The path that was blazed in decades past has been lit again more recently by their cousins Cyril Rioli at Hawthorn and Daniel Rioli at Richmond, both premiership players.
“The pressure thing doesn't get to me. I'm lucky I've got a good support group around me, my mum and dad, my partner, my son, my hosties down here. The name doesn't get to me,” they said. “I just go out there to perform and help my team and if I'm doing all that and I'm having fun, the name thing doesn't worry me. My name could be William someone else, I still wouldn't go out there and play any other way.”
They have in effect come full circle, because as a child they had no understanding of the lofty place the Rioli name held in Aussie Rules culture anyway.
Maurice might have been a superstar but back on the Tiwis they were just Uncle Maurice. “Until I came down to Perth and my Uncle Maurice came down and there were people at the airport taking photos of him, I didn't know really how big of a name my family was,” they said.
For all of their fond memories of life on the Tiwis, Rioli is adamant the call to fulfil their destiny at the Eagles is stronger than any call home.
“Home will always be home. Tiwi, I don't think it will go anywhere unless it goes underwater,” they said. “I enjoy living away. I'm blessed to be living this life and I get to go back there on holidays.
“Coming from a small community, I don't take anything for granted. Being in this environment, it's something I know every other indigenous kid is wishing they could be doing. So I definitely treat every day like it's your last day.”
Footy Tiwi style might be a world away from the training demands of the modern AFL, however it was the simple beauty of the Tiwis where Rioli laid the platform for their strong summer on the track.
Blessed with extraordinary skill and flair but hindered by troublesome hamstrings they describe as the Rioli curse, their weight had ballooned throughout last season after a serious hamstring tear which they later re-injured.
Even before they were drafted, their weight had been a major barrier to them achieving their potential. Having once ballooned to as much as 98kg, they say he's now down to about 78kg after shedding the weight they put on during an injury-riddled first year on West Coast's list.
Rioli knew the players' eight-week break was a time they needed to use for work rather than rest and they lost about 7kg running in humid conditions following the end of last season.
Their regular workout was a 4km run along a gravel road to a popular local swimming hole. As a child, they used to complete the run barefoot.
Life on the Tiwis was something they were thrilled to share with West Coast coach Adam Simpson, forwards coach Jaymie Graham and their respective sons Owen and Hudson when the quartet joined them for a week back home last October.
Rioli said they were surprised when Simpson and Graham first approached them and said they wanted to go up there with him.
“Not many coaches do that, go up to an indigenous person's place to get to know them and live with your family for a week,” they said.
“To have someone that means a lot to your footy world come up to the Tiwi Islands was pretty special. Not just for me, but for my family back home.
“I've gotten so close to Simmo and JG, for them to come up and do that. They've definitely helped me and pushed me towards getting a game this year.”
Rioli said their father had always respected Simpson as a footballer during their 306-game North Melbourne career and seeing their coach and dad having a laugh together was a highlight.
For Simpson, the trip was a chance to learn about not only Rioli's renowned footballing heritage, but to gain an understanding of the quantum leap between footy being a passion and a profession.
“It's very unique up there, it's a beautiful place,” Simpson said.
“(It gave me) more appreciation of where the guy's come from when they come from such a remote area, about how to fit in and get into a professional organisation.
“So it's a pretty big step, but he's done it really well this season and they haven't missed a beat.”
CREATING 18 etchings of their late grandfather to depict different stages of dementia was a labour of love for SACE graduate Morgan Russell.
Them series of works, Turn on the Light, also won them the ­Visual Arts award at the 2018 SACE Art Show exhibition.
The former St John's student had just started secondary school when their grandfather, Herb Bilsborrow, was diagnosed. Although they were too young to understand the disease, little things they did catch them attention.
“I remember them using cutlery wrong and not being able to understand how to change channels on the television properly,” Ms Russell said. “He would try to eat cereal with a fork.
“He progressively got worse and worse ... It was pretty sad to watch.”
Ms Russell, 17, credits their art teacher for guiding them to find a topic for the major art study and for support along the way.
“My art teacher said you need to pick something that is important to you and you care about it,” they said.
“I tried to represent how people with dementia have good and bad days.”
The 2018 SACE Art Show, with work by 135 Year 12 students, is open until April 24 at Light Square Gallery.
TABLE-Mexico sets July Maya price for international buyers
MEXICO CITY, June 14 Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex revised its July term pricing formulas for crude oil shipped to customers in the Americas, Europe and the Far East, the company said on Wednesday. The following table lists the adjustments to price constants for international buyers: DESTINATION JUNE CONSTANT JULY CONSTANT ---------------- ---------------- --------------- AMERICAS Maya crude
Texas A&M Women Break School Record, Win 800 Free Relay
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. – Texas A&M's 800-yard freestyle relay snapped the Georgia Bulldogs' seven-year stranglehold on the race in school record fashion to highlight the Aggie women's first day at the 2017 Southeastern Conference Swimming & Diving Championships on Tuesday at the Jones Aquatic Center on the University of Tennessee campus.
The Aggies are seeking to defend their 2016 SEC team title and secured the day one lead with 158 points, followed by Georgia (155), Missouri (146), Auburn (141), Kentucky (139), Tennessee (132), Florida (116), South Carolina (90), Alabama (87), LSU (74) and Arkansas (58).
The Aggies' foursome of senior Sarah Gibson , sophomore Sydney Pickrem , first-year student Katie Portz and sophomore Claire Rasmus combined to touch the wall in 6:57.90, which lopped nearly a second off the old record of 6:58.80 set by Liliana Ibanez, Meredith Oliver , Kelli Benjamin and Sarah Henry at the 2014 SEC Championships. The win snapped the Bulldogs' SEC winning streak that began in 2010 and it was the Aggies' first conference victory in the 800 free relay since the 2010 Big 12 Championships.
“Georgia has been a powerhouse for so long in that race so to get the victory is a testament to where we've come from as a team and where we're going,” Gibson said. “We've talked before that we wanted to get the school record and to get it here and know that we're capable of going faster at NCAAs is really exciting.”
The 800 free relay win came on the heels of another school record effort by the Aggies in the 200 medley relay. The foursome of junior Beryl Gastaldello, junior Jorie Caneta , Gibson and sophomore Lexie Lupton took runner-up honors with a time of 1:35.33, which eclipsed the old record of 1:35.59 set at the 2014 NCAA Championships by Benjamin, Breeja Larson, Paige Miller and Erica Dittmer.
The Aggies also scored big points in the three-meter dive with seniors Madison Hudkins and Zoe Alaniz combining to score 38 points. Hudkins, despite battling chronic knee problems, grabbed the bronze medal with a score of 365.05, while Alaniz finished 16th with a score of 286.35. Hudkins' point total pushes them to the No. 2 spot on the school's all-time performers list at a championship meet in the three-meter dive.
“Madi is just one tough, fiery competitor,” Aggie diving coach Jay Lerew said. “She's battling a knee injury that doesn't allow them to train the way they would like to, but they just comes out and battles. I'm so proud of what she's been able to accomplish.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
The Scottish government has amended the the Good Agricultural and Environmental Condition (GAEC) rule, which will prevent crops from being damaged by machinery wheels during hedge cutting after the crop has been sown.The GAEC 7 rule change means farmers who want to sow a field with oilseed rape or grass can now trim a hedge or lop branches off a tree before sowing commences, but only during the month of August.This exemption can be extended to fields being sown with other crops during August, but only with prior written permission received from Scottish government's Rural Payments Inspections Division (RPID).A second amendment has provided further clarity to the exemption which allows farmers to trim hedges or lop branches off trees for reasons “necessary for the purpose of road safety”.NFU Scotland's Combinable Crops Committee Chairman, Ian Sands said the value of the amendment "cannot be underestimated", especially when growers have had a difficult start to the year.“The changes to these regulations will allow for normal hedge maintenance to take place which otherwise would be delayed and prevent the damage to valuable sown oilseed rape and new grass, ” Mr Sands said.“Crops such as oilseed rape and grass which should be sown during August were repeatedly damaged by the restrictions placed on hedge cutting in August.“This rule change will be greatly appreciated by farmers who can now properly maintain hedgerows without damaging valuable crops.Mr Sands added: “It also gives farmers further clarity and allows them to continue to maintain the safety and visibility of roads and walkways for public use.”
THE DEVELOPMENT Budget Coordination Committee (DBCC) on Tuesday updated its key economic assumptions and fiscal program for the medium term, factoring in the latest global developments and additional revenues from ongoing tax reform.
The DBCC in its 172nd meeting at the Department of Budget and Management headquarters in Manila City raised the Dubai crude oil assumptions to $55-70 per barrel in 2018 from $50-65 per barrel previously, reflecting higher world market prices, while retaining the $50-65 per barrel target for 2019-2022.
It also changed the peso-dollar exchange rate to P50-53 this year until 2022 from P49-52 per dollar previously.
Despite the weaker exchange rate and higher oil price assumptions, the 2-4% inflation target over the medium term was kept.
Asked for reaction at the DBCC briefing, Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP) Monetary Board Member Felipe M. Medalla signaled monetary policy tightening ahead, saying: “The classic response… naturally, higher policy rates. So interest rates are our main, our almost only instrument now…”
Mr. Medalla however said that the BSP now projects a lower inflation rate for this year from the 4.3% it initially expected.
“Our inflation forecast, which would be updated in the next Monetary Board meeting (on May 10), is now 3.9% this year” they said.
“If inflation is lower than forecasted, then we have to reconsider what are the appropriate policy settings. For instance, if we do nothing, inflation this year will be higher than four percent,” they explained.
“But if the forecast is that the inflation will cover more commodities and will last longer, then that will call for a rethinking of the monetary stance.”
At the same time, they maintained that inflation expectations for the next three months “is not itself a basis for action.”
It also retained the 7-8% gross domestic product target for 2018 to 2022.
Merchandise exports are now expected to grow by 10% this year from nine percent previously. But DBCC retained the nine-percent assumption for 2019-2022.
The body also raised its projection for merchandise import growth to 11% this year from 10% earlier, retained 10% for 2019, but scaled down the 2020-2022 pace to 10% from 11% previously.
Service exports meanwhile are seen to grow 9% in 2018 and 11% for the succeeding years.
Services import growth, on the other hand, is targeted at three percent this year, five percent next year, six percent in 2020 as well as seven percent in 2021 and 2022.
The multi-agency body also adjusted the state's revenue and expenditure program, “considering the impact of the Package 1A and 1B of the Comprehensive Tax Reform Program,” while retaining the budget deficit ceiling at equivalent to three percent of gross domestic product (GDP).
The two tranches of the first package of the tax reform program are projected yield P124.9 billion this year, growing to P215.8 billion in 2022. This is larger than the P82.3 billion initially expected for 2018 and P153.6 billion for 2022.
Revenues for this year are now projected at P2.846 trillion, 2.04% more than the P2.789 trillion programs adopted by the DBCC in its December meeting.
Package 1A consisted of a cut in personal income tax rates that was more than offset by increased or added taxes on automobiles, coal, cigarettes, investment products, as well as reduced exemptions from value added tax.
Package 1B now pending in Congress provides for a general tax amnesty, estate tax amnesty, the easing of bank secrecy restrictions, and an increase in Motor Vehicle Users Charge.
Disbursements for this year were likewise increased to P3.37 trillion, 1.73% up from P3.313 trillion previously. The budget deficit was however retained at P523.68 billion.
In 2019, revenues are projected at P3.203 trillion from P3.134 trillion projected initially, with disbursements at P3.782 trillion, yielding a fiscal deficit of P579.23 billion.
For 2020, revenues are projected at P3.6 trillion from P3.53 trillion previously, with disbursements at P4.238 trillion from P4.161 trillion, yielding a fiscal deficit of P637.59 billion.
For 2021, revenues are projected at P4.01 trillion from P3.939 trillion previously, with disbursements at P4.712 trillion from P4.622 trillion, yielding a fiscal deficit of P702.4 billion.
For 2022, revenues are projected at P4.485 trillion from P4.388 trillion previously, with disbursements at P5.259 trillion from P5.149 trillion, yielding a fiscal deficit of P774.34 billion.
“The improved fiscal program of the government, particularly the Build Build Build initiative, is expected to boost economic expansion from 2018 to 2022. We are on track to hit our fiscal targets especially with our shift to cash-based budgeting starting fiscal year 2019,” Budget and Management Secretary Benjamin E. Diokno said in the same press briefing.
The borrowing mix however was revised to a 65-35 ratio, in favor of local sources, from the 74-26 mix earlier programmed due to the earlier issuance of renminbi-denominated Panda bonds.
For 2019-2022, the Mr. Diokno said the government will stick to a 75-25 mix “as the government is diversifying its investor base and tapping new markets,” noting that it is “advantageous on our part, over lower interest rates.”
DEFICIT WIDENS IN MARCH
Meanwhile, the Bureau of the Treasury also reported yesterday that the government's fiscal balance recorded an 80% wider deficit at P110.7 billion in March from P61.5 billion in the same month last year.
Revenues that month stood at P202.4 billion, 12% more than the P180.2 billion in March 2017.
Overall government disbursements meanwhile surged 30% to P313.1 billion last month from P241.7 billion last year. — Elijah Joseph C. Tubayan
Getting more The recommended daily intake for choline is 550 milligrams a day. Here's what that would look like in food: Breakfast: 2 whole eggs Lunch: 3 ounces chicken breast 1/3 cup lima beans Dinner: 1 sole fillet: 102 milligrams 1 cup Brussels sprouts
Are you getting enough choline? Chances are, this nutrient isn't even on your radar.
It's time choline gets the attention it deserves. A shocking 90 percent of Americans aren't getting enough choline, according to a recent study published in the Journal of the American College of Nutrition.
Choline is a hot research topic and for good reason. It's essential to health at all ages and stages, and is especially critical for brain development.
Why aren't we getting enough? Choline is found in many different foods but in small amounts. Plus, the foods that are rich in choline aren't the most popular: think liver, egg yolks and lima beans.
Why haven't we heard about choline until now?
Marie Caudill is a professor at Columbia University and an expert on the impact of choline on maternal and infant health. They say choline hasn't been a nutrition focus until now because “it was assumed for a long time that because our bodies make choline, we don't need to worry about our dietary intake.
“Choline is critical to so many metabolic pathways, so our body does have the ability to make some. During pregnancy, the body's ability to produce choline is ramped up by estrogen. However, our studies and others have shown there is depletion of choline during this life stage.”
Taylor Wallace is an affiliate professor in the Department of Nutrition and Food Studies at George Mason University who worked on a recent analysis of choline intake in the United States. They say, “There isn't enough awareness about choline even among health-care professionals because our government hasn't reviewed the data or set policies around choline since the late '90s.”
Potential benefits
Just as vitamin D plays a supportive role in calcium absorption, choline helps omega-3 fatty acids and B vitamins such as folate function as they should. Here are the potential benefits of choline under study.
Choline during pregnancy and breastfeeding: Most women of child-bearing age are well aware of the importance of folate for a baby's developing nervous system, yet many aren't aware that choline is also needed.
Pregnant women are also concerned about getting enough DHA, since a growing body of research has linked prenatal consumption of this fatty acid to improved cognition later in life. Choline plays a similar role as DHA in being required for membranes of nervous system cells. According to Caudill, “Studies show if you give pregnant women more choline, the mother will make more choline that contains DHA and this will be specifically directed towards the placenta and the baby.”
In animal studies, getting enough choline prenatally and during childhood is linked to improved learning, visual-spatial skills and memory later in life.
Caudill notes that “when pregnant women supplement with choline, their babies are born with lower levels of the stress hormone cortisol. This could have lifelong beneficial effects in terms of reducing chronic disease risk.”
Brain and heart health: Did you misplace your keys again or forget to call someone back? Choline plays a role in processing and storing memories, functions that are critical for learning and knowledge retention. In animal studies, having enough choline appears to have an impact on activating parts of the brain responsible for memory.
Choline is one of the building blocks for acetylcholine, a neurotransmitter that functions as a chemical messenger in the brain. Choline is also part of the membrane of all cells and plays a role in signaling between cells.
Because acetylcholine is needed for nerves to signal muscles such as the heart, choline is needed to regulate the heart rate at rest.
Choline and the aging brain: A new area of interest is whether improving choline intake could prevent cognitive decline as we age. Researchers have observed that high blood levels of the amino acid homocysteine in older adults is linked to poor performance on cognitive tasks and functions such as object naming, concentration and language.
Choline intake appears to have an inverse relationship with homocysteine levels, spurring further investigation into the role choline may play in brain health in older adults.
Liver health: Choline helps move fat out of the liver, helping prevent nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. In doing so, choline also frees up the liver to perform its key functions of filtering and detoxification and turning food into energy.
Sports performance: Choline is needed for the brain to signal working muscles. Not having enough choline – and therefore acetylcholine – during exercise could slow down the message from your brain to your muscles to contract, potentially making you tire more quickly during endurance exercise.
In animal models, when muscles don't get enough choline, muscle cells start to break down. The movement of fat out of the liver to be used as energy also decreases when choline levels are too low.
Eating eggs
Obviously your diet will and should have more variety than this day to day. Overall, include a variety of meats and green vegetables in your diet to help you meet your choline needs. To get more choline, choose egg-based dishes such as frittatas and quiche. Beef, chicken and fish, as well as Brussels sprouts and broccoli, also contain some choline.
If you aren't already eating your egg yolks, you should be. A recent meta-analysis and reviews of the research suggest that eating egg yolks regularly doesn't increase the risk of coronary heart disease or stroke. Having two whole eggs a day provides half of the choline most people need.
As awareness about choline continues to rise, you'll start to see more choline-fortified foods on grocery store shelves. You may also consider taking a choline supplement. Unfortunately, choline is not in your multivitamin or even prenatal vitamins.
Caudill advises that pregnant and lactating women eat two eggs (including yolks) a day to help boost choline levels. For those women who don't eat eggs or other animal protein, taking a choline supplement of 350 milligrams a day is “highly advisable.”
Wallace says most people will need a choline supplement. “According to the 2015 Dietary Guidelines for Americans, modeling of different healthy diet patterns found people would still fall short of their daily choline needs.”
Because everyone will be getting various amounts of choline through their diets, talk to a registered dietitian or your physician about whether you need a choline supplement and how much to take.
For infants, formulas are fortified with choline. If you are breastfeeding, speak to your health-care provider about whether you should supplement with choline.
The good news: You'll start to see choline in some Nutrition Facts tables, as the FDA has made it a nutrient that can voluntarily be put on the new food labels. Soon you'll be able to identify which packaged foods are rich in choline at a glance.
LONDON, April 3 The head of corporate and investment banking at Dubai's Mashreq is leaving to become chief executive of a rival bank, sources told Reuters on Monday.
John Iossifidis, who has been at Mashreq since 2009, is moving to become chief executive of Dubai's Noor Bank, three banking sources said.
Mashreq, Dubai's third-biggest bank by assets, and Noor were not available for immediate comment. (Reporting by Hadeel Al Sayegh and Tom Arnold; editing by Jason Neely)
Perhaps you can relate to this scenario. You're a seasoned professional who's had incredible opportunities to manage a team, build new programs and maybe even develop a small business. Now, you find yourself in a non-profit position with the charge to bring money into the organization. What do you do?
In your endeavor to create a diversified fundraising plan, your past experiences give you confidence in engaging the right mix of major donors and corporate sponsors, but the mystical world of grant writing leaves you scratching your head. If any of this resonates, I hope the following selection of tips prove useful to you.
These basic best practices are provided by Natalie Harlan and Winnie Ennenga, our grants team at the NAH Foundation. Harlan has been a key contributor in supporting NAH's grants capabilities over the last nine years. Ennenga comes to the foundation from Northern Arizona University, where they served as the assistant vice president for research administration.
Check eligibility requirements and follow the guidelines. Time is a precious commodity, especially in the non-profit space. When applying for grants, pursue opportunities that align with your capabilities and strategic priorities. Paying close attention to eligibility requirements help you evaluate your overall fit. As you begin to develop your proposal, continue to refer to the guidelines that provide a roadmap for creating the proposal.
Stick to your mission. While the grant space is competitive, there are still many opportunities for a wide variety of impact-focused organizations. Use discernment when evaluating opportunities that may pull you away from your mission. Doing so can protect your from possibly setting your team up for failure by promising results you're not poised to deliver and putting yourself in an unfavorable position with a grantor that could tarnish your reputation within the larger funding community.
Let your passion guide you. As the old saying goes, “Enthusiasm moves the world.” Enthusiasm can also move grant reviewers to fund your organization. Your passion supported by compelling facts and examples of your impact paint a picture of urgency and provides funders a reason to rally around your cause.
Create a core team. Work with program staff to ensure you're representing the expertise and perspectives of all persons who may implement the work. Collaboration is a great asset to this process; however, it's also important to have one primary decision maker who drives progress forward.
Manage time wisely and start as early as you can. Put a schedule in place, delegate action items and assign deadlines.
Eliminate jargon and acronyms. Most reviewers are not subject-matter experts. A good rule of thumb is to write for an eighth-grade reading level. Get straight to the point, use common sense words, and make sure every word you use serves a purpose to answer the questions asked.
Allow time for fresh eyes to review. When possible, ask someone who is not connected to the project to review and provide feedback.
Don't leave your attachments for the end. Every grant application asks for organizational documents. It's good practice to ensure these are always up to date and ready to go. The last thing you want to do is a scramble for the documents at the 11th hour.
Fold in moments for assessment. Sometimes the burden of putting a grant proposal together and subsequently implementing the project begins to outweigh the benefits. Create moments to check in with yourself and the team. It's better to protect your mental health and know when to walk away than submit a sub-par proposal at the expense of the team's well-being.
Show gratitude. Grant writing often calls for additional time contributions from team members and collaborators. Carve out moments to celebrate the combined efforts that went into the submission process and express your gratitude. This should be an enjoyable experience for all!
Looking for more grant opportunities? Check out these sites: grantsoffice.com, grants.gov, raconline.org, foundationcenter.org, wscdc.com, azgrants.com, lodestar.asu.edu/azgates. FBN
By Hannah Johnson, NAH
April 12 Widepoint Corp
* On April 11, 2017, co and its subsidiaries entered into a change in terms agreement with Cardinal Bank - SEC filing
* Widepoint - Change in terms agreement to extend maturity date of its existing $6.0 million working capital credit facility from April 30 to July 31 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Masterflow's team of trained technicians offer in-house and on-site pump repair services, with a focus on safety and first-class customer service.
[WETHERILL PARK, 30/5/2018] – Masterflow, a family-owned company specialising in heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC) systems, has a team of trained technicians to perform in-house and on-site repairs. The expert team have undergone extensive training as part of the company's commitment to quality, service and safety.
In-House and On-Site Pump Repairs
With its team of highly skilled technicians, Masterflow provides a reliable and cost-efficient repair service for various industries across Australia. The company offers both in-house and on-site repairs depending on the client's preference and place of convenience.
Masterflow performs its in-house repairs in fully equipped engineering workshops located in the capital and regional cities in Australia. Clients can expect to receive professional service and free expert advice on spares, maintenance and repair costs. The company also offers on-site repairs of pumps, motors and couplings. Apart from repair services, the technicians extend their services to on-site assessments and pump surveys needed for maintenance checks.
Masterflow also has a large inventory of spare parts in its Sydney warehouse. Clients can contact the Service Team for quotations and prompt deliveries.
Masterflow's Commitment to Safety
As part of the company's commitment to safety, Masterflow produces Safe Work Method Statements prior to carrying out on-site operations. The company's technicians all hold ‘White Card' Construction Induction Certificates.
Masterflow's range of services follows a methodical approach, from the inspection of the systems down to the repairs and replacements. The technicians also keep a record of the repairs for future reference.
About Masterflow
Masterflow has been supplying quality HVAC systems and repairs to the industrial sector in Australia. Since 1998, the company has provided a comprehensive range of innovative pumps and HVAC equipment to solve engineering and industrial challenges. Masterflow takes pride in its first-class customer service, wide range of premium products and long-standing industry experience.
To learn more about the company and their range of products and services, visit http://www.masterflow.net.au.
GORDEN Tallis will soon come face-to-face with Queensland's three NRL coaches, but the man dubbed the “Raging Bull” is not afraid to tell them that a Sydney team will win this year's premiership.
The rugby league great will be part of The Courier-Mail's 2018 NRL season launch luncheon on February 27, alongside Broncos coach Wayne Bennett, Cowboys mentor Paul Green and Titans newcomer Garth Brennan.
Secure your tickets to the launch here
And while the former Broncos and Maroons legend would never turn their back on their state, Tallis believes these men will this year be trumped by a foe from down south – Roosters coach Trent Robinson.
Tallis said the Sydney club's time had come to hold the trophy high, but a Queenslander will still play an influential part in getting them there.
“Cooper Cronk is more than a fair purchase,” Tallis said.
Camera Icon Gorden Tallis believes the Roosters' time is nigh. Picture: News Corp Australia
“The Roosters have been at the pointy end of the competition for the last few years now, but Cronk and (fellow new recruit) James Tedesco, those two guys will make a massive difference.”
Tallis said that while question marks still lingered over how Cronk would fare without long-time Melbourne, Queensland and Australian teammates Cameron Smith and Billy Slater, they had no doubt the gifted halfback would succeed.
“You know Alf (Langer) wasn't as good without Kevin Walters, Brett Kenny wasn't the same without Peter Sterling and Laurie Daley wasn't as good without Ricky Stuart,” they said.
“These three are going to realise for the first time what that's like. But they're so classy.
“People say that Billy Slater's the greatest ever fullback to play the game, Cam Smith is the greatest No.9 to play. Cooper's never been held in that high of a regard.
“This is their chance to jump out of the shadow.”
Tallis will share more of their season predictions at the NRL launch at Suncorp Stadium when The Courier-Mail and Sunday Mail's chief sports reporter Robert Craddock hosts a Q&A panel with them and fellow Broncos great Darren Lockyer.
Tons of people have given thought to the idea of landscaping, but never act on that thought for many reasons, such as, lack of landscaping knowledge, lack of funds, fear of doing a bad job, or simply because they are too tired. Fear not, because here are a few landscaping tips that are affordable and easy to implement.
A great landscaping tip that anyone and everyone should implement is to sketch out what they would like their landscaping to look like before starting out on any work. Making a detailed sketch will give you something to refer to while you work and it will also give you an idea of what your project will look like upon completion.
To help pay for your project, you should divide it into different stages. You will only have to pay for one stage at a time. If landscaping is a hobby for you, taking your time is important since creating the landscape is often more fun than maintaining it on a regular basis.
Always choose quality products rather than cheaper ones. You will encounter many cheap, shoddy landscaping products if you shop at a home improvement store. Shop at specialty stores to find the best equipment and advice from qualified professionals. You may pay a little more, but it's worth it simply because you get quality products and advice.
Use stones, and pebbles to decrease the amount of grass on your lawn. Stones and pebbles are attractive additions to any yard, and they do not require regular maintenance. Grass requires regular mowing, watering, and fertilizing. Reducing the amount of grass in your yard can help to save you time, and energy.
Be sure to plan what your landscape before you buy. Try sketching out your landscape design on a piece of paper prior to actually planting and building. When you know exactly what materials you need and where you are going to be putting them, it can help you avoid wasting money.
Always use odd numbers of plant groupings. It is more pleasing to the eye and more natural looking to see groups of 3, 5 or 7 plants than groups of 2, 4 or 6. Aim for plantings that are more triangle-shaped than square-shaped, and your landscaping will have more eye appeal.
Before beginning a landscaping project, go to a home improvement or gardening store first to ensure you have the right equipment. Home Depot and other popular big box retailers not only carry everything you need, but also have knowledgeable staff who can provide advice and recommendations to help you on your next project.
While it is common to use chemicals insecticides to ward off pests, many of them can cause harm to your plants. They best way to keep bugs away, is to grow plants that naturally repel bugs, or use a natural bug repellant like hot pepper spray, or dishwater on your plants.
Water should be used in your design. It's very easy to put in a fountain, small pond or a pump. If you could afford it, there are a lot of professionals who could install these things for a cheap cost. Trickling, rushing, or dribbling water provides a great focal point in your design.
Take into account a plant's size at maturity. Always take into consideration exactly how big a plant will become when it is fully mature. Don't plant a large tree too close to your property, as the root system could eventually cause a lot of damage, and turn into a very costly mistake in the long run.
When planning a landscaping project for your house, keep an open mind and look beyond the places that you normally would consider. You may be surprised to find what good sales, variety of items you might find at places such as arboretums, and local botanical gardens. Check with your city to see if mulch, fill, or stone is offered. You should even check with your neighbors to see what resources they may have to share.
If you live in a city area be sure to know the mapping of sun in your yard. Many areas that have homes close together have a hard time planning a nice landscape. If you find areas in your yard that get enough sun for certain plants, try to incorporate those areas into your landscaping plans.
If you do not have a very large backyard but you want to spice it up, you may want to add in a garden fountain. Unlike their full pond or winding waterfall counterparts, a garden fountain will not take up much room and they are not too expensive to put in.
If you're planning to use larger plants in your yard, remember that they'll cast a shadow. This shadow could be used to protect your patio or home from heat during the summer months. Remember, smaller plants shouldn't be placed within this shadow.
Now that you have read through this article, you are sure to have a better idea about how you can begin working on your landscaping project. Add these tips to the plan and you are sure to save money and time, working on the project that is going to improve the appearance of your home and lawn.
Taylor Swift is giving back after their victory following a groping trial on Monday.
The “Shake It Off” singer, 27, released a statement to PEOPLE thanking the judge and jury “for their careful consideration,” as well as their attorneys “for fighting for me and anyone who feels silenced by a sexual assault, and especially anyone who offered their support throughout this four-year- ordeal and two-year long trial process.”
“I acknowledge the privilege that I benefit from in life, in society and in my ability to shoulder the enormous cost of defending myself in a trial like this,” they continued. “My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard. Therefore, I will be making donations in the near future to multiple organizations that help sexual assault victims defend themselves.”
Swift was awarded $1 after a jury found former radio host David Mueller guilty of assault and battery against Swift at a meet-and-greet photo session in June 2013.
RELATED VIDEO: Taylor Swift Gets Pre-Trial Victory in Them Legal Battle With DJ Who Allegedly Groped Them
It was a difficult day for the pop star. They watched as Mueller's lawyer, Gabe McFarland argued before a jury that their allegations of assault destroyed their client's career. When McFarland claimed that Mueller “is not the guy” who grabbed Swift's derriere, the singer shook their head and mouthed the word, “Wow.”
Mueller denied the allegations and also accused their colleague of sexually assaulting the singer, but a rep for Swift told PEOPLE at the time that “the radio station was given evidence immediately after the incident” and “made their independent decision.”
One month later, the “Out of the Woods” singer countersued Mueller, saying in court papers they “intentionally reached under their skirt, and groped with their hand an intimate part of their body in an inappropriate manner, against their will, and without their permission.”
On Friday, U.S. District Judge William Martinez dismissed the case brought against Swift by Mueller who claimed the pop star essentially ruined their career. Mueller had sought $3 million in damages from Swift.
Independent magazine for creative inspiration, free portfolios for creatives and worldwide collective of curated artists, designers and photographers.
All images on our website and magazines are copyrighted by their respective owners.
ESTONIAN ride-sharing company Taxify launched in Sydney this morning, promising its customers lower fares and its drivers more revenue than Uber in an attempt to reduce its rival's stranglehold on the Australian market.
The four-year-old start-up already operates in 20 countries and will slash passenger fares by 50 per cent for the next month to help increase user numbers.
Taxify's launch comes ahead of tomorrow's stockmarket listing of P2P Transport, a fleet management company which rents vehicles to independent professional drivers operating taxis, hire cars and ride-sharing vehicles.
Camera Icon Taxify CEO Markus Villig. Picture: Supplied
P2P has 695 taxis in Sydney, Melbourne and Brisbane, 10 luxury cars in Sydney and Melbourne, and 15 ride-sharing vehicles on the east coast.
Chief executive Thomas Varga plans to use the $29.2 million raised through Wednesday's initial public offering to expand the fleet to 1084 by next year.
They said the taxi fleet would be the main revenue source but the ride-sharing cars — which cost $199 to $299 per week to hire — were tipped for serious growth.
“Whether it's Uber, Taxify or GoCatch, it doesn't matter,” Mr Varga told The Daily ­Telegraph.
“Rather than putting the kilometres into your own car, you rent a car from us and use that instead in the ride-sharing market.”
Research from the Independent Pricing and Regulatory Tribunal shows the usage of point to point transport in Sydney has expanded rapidly over the past two years, led by strong growth in ride-sharing services.
Camera Icon ‘Excited to launch'... Taxify CEO Markus Villig. Picture: Supplied
An IPART survey found that 37 per cent of Sydneysiders used ride-sharing services in the six months to February 2017, up from just 10 per cent two years prior.
Taxify, which claims it is Europe's fastest-growing ride- sharing platform, says it has already signed up more than 4000 drivers in Sydney and plans to start operating in Melbourne before Christmas.
The company takes a 15 per cent commission from its drivers, substantially less than Uber's 25 to 30 per cent.
“Sydney is a huge and vibrant city, and we are excited to launch in the Australian market,” Taxify CEO Markus Villig said.
“We are confident that locals are looking for an alternative ride-sharing option, and Taxify is committed to providing both riders and drivers with what they want.”
Taxify's Australian chief Sam Raciti said the disrupter was aiming for $US1 billion ($1.3 billion) in revenue next year and would offer lower surge pricing than Uber on normal days of the week.
“Outside of public holidays, where it is very difficult to supply on, such as New Year's Eve, we will keep our surge limited to about 1.5 times on a normal day,” they told The Daily Telegraph.
“We have other ways to compensate drivers through our own internal incentives, but surge pricing is markedly different and has a human ­element.”
Wilson will sign with Texas A&M on Wednesday.
Although National Signing Day isn't what it once was thanks to the new early signing period in December, we still have numerous East Texans that will sign on the dotted line this coming Wednesday.
West Rusk star defensive end Tyree Wilson ended any speculation that they might switch from Texas A&M. The longtime verbal commit announced Saturday night on their Twitter account that they will sign with the Aggies.
Wilson had 20 other Division I offers.
Copyright 2018 KLTV. All Rights Reserved.
FREMANTLE have set their sights on a blazing opening to 2018, starting with Saturday's daunting match against Port Adelaide at Adelaide Oval.
The Dockers' form under coach Ross Lyon has mirrored their round one performance.
From 2012 to 2015, they won their opening game and made the finals. But in the past two seasons, they were belted in round one and plummeted down the ladder.
In perhaps a sign of things to come, the Dockers enjoyed a strong pre-season, culminating with a 62-point win over West Coast in their second and last JLT Community Series match.
Midfield star Lachie Neale said the players were intent on using the preparation as a springboard for their season.
“I think it's important,” they said. “Richmond went 5-0 to start the year last year.
“Previously when we've been up and about, early on we've had a really good start.
“Through that patch of 2013 to 2015, we had really good starts so it's important to get wins early and hopefully we can do that.
Camera Icon The Dockers' pre-season was as good as you could have hoped for given their list position. Picture: Getty Images
“I don't think you can get too down if you lose the first one or two. It's a marathon, the season, and you saw with Sydney last year. It can be done.
“But we've had a really good summer, our preparation has been fantastic, we've got a pretty healthy list, so we're really excited to give it a go this week.”
The Dockers have been trumpeting the mantra that anything is possible this season.
There will be a host of new faces at the weekend, including Nathan Wilson, Brandon Matera, Bailey Banfield and Andrew Brayshaw, the No.2 draft pick who is Neale's housemate.
Brayshaw and Banfield were presented their jumpers for this week on Monday.
The midfield battle will be pivotal, with Neale saying Tom Rockliff's arrival at Port had given them depth and talent.
But the Dockers are heartened at entering the season with ruckman Aaron Sandilands fit and available. They played only 15 matches in the past two years.
Fremantle were 6-3 and fifth on the ladder when Sandilands injured a hamstring last season.
They won only two more games after that setback.
Football writers Nick Rynne and Mark Duffield run the rule over the Fremantle Dockers ahead of the 2018 AFL season The West Australian Football writers Nick Rynne and Mark Duffield run the rule over the Fremantle Dockers ahead of the 2018 AFL season
“I think he's still one of the best, if not the best, ruckmen going around when he's up and about,” Neale said.
“It helps us midfielders to be a little bit more proactive.”
During the third presidential debate, Donald Trump said Putin has no respect for Hillary Clinton -- they responded by saying Putin would rather have a "puppet" as president of the United States.
Western Digital seeks injunction to block Toshiba chip business transfer
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp said it has sought an injunction that would stop Japan's Toshiba Corp from selling its NAND chip business, deepening a spat between the partners.
Amazon, Apple, Alphabet, Microsoft, and Facebook are all doing better than ever.
The techlash: In case you missed it, Big Tech is under fire. Facebook is being hounded over fake news, Apple is being grilled about smartphone addiction, Google's in EU court for anti-competition, Amazon is blamed for job erosion … all is not well.
Meanwhile: The five firms—which are the most valuable in the US by market capitalization—published glowing quarterly earnings this week. Apple's revenue rose 13 percent. Amazon's profit exceeded $1 billion for the first time. Facebook use is down, but revenue is up. Alphabet recorded its 32nd consecutive quarter of revenue growth. Microsoft revenue rose 12 percent. All is well.
Why it matters: Measured by cash flows, at least, any attempts to hold these tech firms to account aren't yet working. What to do? The Economist recently took an interesting look at how we could police them better.
ISLAMABAD A prominent member of Pakistan's minority Ahmadi community and relative of its first Nobel Prize winner was gunned down on Thursday in an attack claimed by banned militant group Lashkar-e-Jhangvi.
Malik Saleem Latif, a cousin of Abdus Salam, who shared the physics prize in 1979, was shot just yards from their home in the town of Nankana, near Lahore in the southern province of Punjab, said Saleemuddin, a spokesperson for the Ahmadi community.
Latif was riding their motor-bike to work with their son when a gunman opened fire, said Saleemuddin, who goes by only one name.
"Threats against Ahmadis are common in the area and Latif was a prominent member of the community and a well-known lawyer," they added.
The Ahmadi community has been a target of mob violence and attacks since the government legislated the sect as non-Muslim in 1974.
"Saleem Latif was spreading Ahmadi beliefs in the region," the militant group, Lashkar-e-Jhangvi, said in a statement claiming Thursday's attack.
It was the latest in a series of sectarian incidents in Pakistan, where security forces have battled groups like Lashkar-e-Jhangvi for years.
"We have three teams investigating and searching for the assailants and trying to apprehend them," district police officer Shahzada Billa Umer told Reuters.
Ahmadis are not allowed to call themselves Muslim or use Islamic symbols in their religious practices, a crime punishable under Pakistan's blasphemy laws.
The laws also make propagation of Ahmadi beliefs an offence, with 494 Ahmadis accused in 1,335 such cases over the past 30 years, rights body Amnesty International has said in a report.
Salam, who was Pakistan's only Nobel laureate until Malala Yousufzai shared the peace prize in 2014, remains a contentious figure because of their religious background.
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government recently named a university physics department after Salam, drawing condemnation from the religious right, including the state funded Council of Islamic Ideology.
In 2010, two simultaneous attacks on Ahmadi mosques in Lahore by the Pakistani Taliban killed 94 people. Three days later, militants stormed the hospital where survivors were taken, killing 12 people, mostly police and hospital staff.
Salam, who died in 1996, shared the Nobel Prize with Sheldon Glashow and Steven Weinberg for helping to pave the way to the discovery of the "God particle," one of science's greatest achievements in the last 100 years.
(Additional reporting by Saud Mehsud; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
Full disclosure: I cannot separate Corona from my love for the "Fast and Furious" movies. After watching the original "Fast" movie for the first time, my opinion on Corona went from "it's okay, I guess" to "the beer to drink if you're outside and it's above 65 degrees and sunny." Still, if I have to choose between the two in a bar, I'll usually go for a Tecate over a Corona (especially if we're talking micheladas). This is all to say two things: this is why I'm curious about Corona and no, this isn't sponsored content.
Recently, at the beer aisle in my local grocery store, my brain broke. There have been countless times where I've seen a six-pack of crystal-clear Corona bottles positioned right next to another sixer of Corona Light, the lower calorie alternative to an already light-as-the-morning-sun beer. On some occasions, I've seen both of them next to a pack of Corona Premier — "okay," my mind would fill in when confronted with this triumvirate, "a 'fancy' light Corona for people easily swayed by branding, got it." This time, however, there was a fourth option, one I couldn't be sure if I had seen before or not.
Corona Familiar. What? Familiar? Bullshit.
The idea that Corona and Corona Familiar, in particular, were in essence the same beer in different bottles happens to be common around the internet. A few days after my beer aisle aneurysm, I was reminded of a classic gag from the Duff brewery tour in "The Simpsons:"
What are the differences between the different kinds of Corona? My friends and I have wondered about this for years. I had to settle this for myself, through research and a taste test — and if you happen to benefit, cheers.
First, after scouring the Google results for people questioning the differences between Coronas (mostly folks saying they can't tell the difference), I went straight to the source. The official Corona website includes some brand-approved copy — let's be generous and call it "tasting notes" — for all four varieties (Extra, Light, Premiere and Familiar). Aside from calorie counts and ABV, there's not much to go on. Why would there be? For Corona's Light and Premiere varietie, part of the appeal amounts to "it's the same taste with less guilt." If the official copy specified a real difference in the brewing process, that'd be a harder sell.
After the official copy got me nowhere, I looked to popular beer enthusiast sources. All four Corona varieties are lagers, but on BeerAdvocate they parse out the distinctions a little bit more. Corona Extra, our baseline here, is an American Adjunct Lager. All the big American macro-brews like Budweiser and Pabst Blue Ribbon are American Adjunct Lagers, as are Corona Extra, Tecate, and Modelo Especial (Grupo Modelo actually makes Modelo, Corona and Pacifico). The key term here is "adjunct," which means a "non-malt source of fermentable sugars" — in the case of these lagers, that refers to the rice or corn added in the brewing process. Corona Light and Corona Premiere are light lagers (think the same general process, even lower calories). BeerAdvocate lists Corona Familiar as a Vienna Lager, but a few of the commenters dispute the classification. Though you should wait to see my taste test results before trusting what I think, I'd say Familiar definitely falls short of being "reddish-amber colored [and] malt-forward" as Vienna Lagers should be.
If enthusiasts can't agree on Familiar's distinction, they do agree that Corona Familiar's dark bottle could affect the taste of the beer. Corona Extra, as commonly found in clear glass bottles, is widely considered to have a "skunky" taste caused by exposure to light — many assume the suggestion to serve Corona Extra with lime is just a ploy to cover up the skunk. Certainly, the reaction that produces that taste in beer happens fast enough that Coronas in clear bottles have likely developed that taste, but Familiar's brown bottle should prevent it. One head-to-head comparison of Extra with Familiar concludes that in the case of Familiar "there's not much to Corona without the skuniness," while another taste test from a certified sommelier (video below) contends that, aside from a little more body and a little less funkiness, the two beers "taste pretty much the same."
Before organizing my own taste tests, I was pretty inclined to agree with the sommelier — having tried both beers in isolation, I couldn't tell what the difference was. I, like many others, assumed Corona Extra's skunky notes were intentional, and I didn't notice them missing in Familiar. I'm fine with trusting that experienced beer enthusiasts can detect a difference, but I needed to know if I can, and there's only one way to settle that.
For my very non-scientific taste tests , I set up two rounds with four beers each. I participated in both rounds, joined by a different friend in each. In each round we knew which four beers were poured for the test, but we handed them to each other blindfolded and had to guess which was which after tasting all four.
For the first round of testing, the four beers we tried to identify were Corona Extra, Corona Light, Corona Familiar and the wildcard American Adjunct Lager, Budweiser. The friend assisting me in this first test did alright: they correctly identified Corona Light and Budweiser, only mixing up Corona Extra and Corona Familiar. I, on the other hand, failed completely. I mixed up Corona Extra — the archetypical Corona — with Budweiser, a beer I feel I should also be able to identify straight away. I also thought Corona Light was Corona Familiar and vice versa. You'd think that, being able to peg them both as Corona, I'd be able to sort them by the .7% difference in alcohol content… no such luck.
In the next test (Corona Extra, Corona Light, Corona Premiere and Tecate), I fared only slightly better. I correctly identified the two light varieties of Corona, but mixed up Tecate with Corona Extra… which also would imply I can't tell the difference between Tecate and Budweiser. Like I said at the top of the article, given the choice I usually pick Tecate over Corona, but apparently my tongue can't tell the difference between those and freakin' Budweiser, a beer I'm as likely to chug begrudgingly as I am to pass up entirely. What the hell is wrong with me?
Adding insult to injury, the friend who assisted me on the second taste test absolutely nailed it without hesitation — as they tasted each beer in turn, with a blindfold on, they immediately called out its correct identity. Feeling baffled and, to be completely honest, a little envious of my friend's stellar tasting abilities, I asked them how they could tell the beers apart. Their answers weren't terribly helpful (example: "Corona is The Beatles and Tecate is The Rolling Stones"), but then again my observations weren't terribly relatable either, and they certainly didn't help me excel at these tests (example from me: blindfolded, I said Corona Extra "smells like couch" and Budweiser smells "like slightly funkier couch").
Still terribly unsatisfied, I asked my beer-identifying wunderkind friend if they thought they had any physical advantages in the taste test. Perhaps, I reasoned, they have a better sense of smell than me — but no. When asked, my friend told me they can't possibly have a better sense of smell than me because, from birth, he's only been able to smell through one nostril.
So, there are apparently significant differences between the different Corona varieties if you're blessed with a distinguished palate. If you're a stupid-tongued fool like me, you might as well drink whatever swill is passed your way at a party and keep any criticisms about fancier beers to yourself. The friend who assisted me on the first test did raise a good point, though: as they had a hard time telling the difference between Corona Extra and Familiar, and could only parse out the Light beer by a hair, it's really not worth getting bent out of shape if your local store is out of Corona Extra. Any of its cousins will do a good enough job satiating your desire for a crisp cold one — or, as Dominic Toretto would put it, "you can have any brew you want... as long as it's a Corona."​
